' 1 . be realistic : this is not to say that you should lose your sense of wonder and dreaminess - because let's be honest , that's what really makes us magical . that being said , don't have high ... mine does this too ! i have to periodically remind him to do a few basic things to maintain a good state of wellbeing . i think above our myers briggs letters we're obviously all different and jaded in our own unique ways . i feel obligated to apologize on behalf of my infp brethren for giving you the cold-shoulder ; ... if not horse manure what do you recommend feeding with ? also , what are the optimal temperatures to leave my intp in ? he's a mega nerd , and i know this trait is not stereotypically appealing . but i really gravitate to the fact that he's got the capacity to possess all of this knowledge and collect all of this ... communicate your feelings : i am definitely one who tends to beat around the bush - and being that he is an intp i realized that he was not going to pick up my subtle passive-aggressive hints ... accidentally fell in love with an intp , now i'm wondering how to properly care for it . so intps , if you were to write your own care manual , what would you put in it ? while being overly sensitive and often falling victim to unnecessary procrastination as well as random bouts of daydreaming are things that infps are naturally inclined to do , it's no secret that we ... i hope bands count ( these are in no particular order ) 1 . glass animals 2 . portugal . the man 3 . elektrik people 4 . led zeppelin 5 . bass drum of death 6 . nirvana 7 . the neighbourhood 8 ... wow , i'm so glad i came back and checked my thread today . this is such a beautiful piece , it's so grounding in the most dreamy way , i love how you weaved nature's innocence and lack of ideals to the ... i see that you've worked it out with your girlfriend , but i have to share this anyway first of all , isfjs are extremely sensitive people . they're like timid kittens when it comes to opening up ... yay ! welcome to personalitycafe ! i love intps , they're always a ball to talk to . man , if there were a formal class on mbti i'd love to take it - - the cognitive functions , although murky and hard to ... that is totally something i could see myself doing ... infps , we've got more sap than a dozen pine trees . i think journals are a great outlet for introverted feelers . they're great for secret ... thank you so much ! i feel so loved ! i know nothing for sure , but my only hope is that they felt a random sense of love or warmth in the moment when i was sending them all of those vibes . i'm creating this thread to engage the authors , poets , and philosophers in all of us . to kick this off , i've written a little thing , feel free to share any pondering of your own about life , about ... ugh shut up , you're not invited on my hippie soul-searching backpacking trip with my church * throws cross at you * yeah i don't buy into the zodiac / mbti compatibility thing either . it's also a ... i hate the infp churchy-religious stereotype . just because we're committed to our beliefs doesn't mean we all believe in the same thing . who gets on your nerves ? what are their characteristics ? are there any types in particular that you struggle to get along with ? places you can generally find infps ( specifically me ) - windows . i'm always staring out of windows . - starbucks and other coffee shops - by the ocean , marveling at it's endlessness and bigness ... wow , that's really interesting , maybe those infp artists put subliminal messaging in their songs that speaks to infps . i know kurt cobain of nirvana was allegedly an infp , and maybe that's why i've ... i find people's varying taste in music to be fascinating , and how different sounds appeal to different people for different reasons . maybe you enjoy a song because it reminds you of summer or your ... i consider myself to be a very badass infp , even though i am fifteen years old , i have a lot to learn , and by no means do i know everything , by no means am i perfect ( all though god knows that's what ... first of all , about your relationship . i completely feel you on that one . i've been in a situation similar to yours , i didn't handle it very well to say the least , and i'm going to give you the ... we will make you feel like the center of the universe , we have the capability of making people feel very special . we will desperately want to know your dreams and ambitions . expect abnormal ... you are correct , i know that . your mbti is not who you are , it is your inclinations . my question was more so , in what ways do you not relate to your mbti stereotype . sorry for the confusion . my problem with myers briggs is the whole putting people in boxes thing . labeling them . you are an * insert type here * so therefore , you are * insert adjective here * there are so many factors ... that is exactly how i feel . i like to be noticed , and recognized for my efforts , but when i feel like i'm being payed attention to , too much , and i'm getting all these compliments for no reason , it's ... tickets by maroon 5 to me , compliments are strange . i don't believe that i deserve them , most of the time . when i am complimented too much , the compliment becomes meaningless . i cannot be drowned in affection , it ... has suggested that entjs , despite their tough exterior , could possess a warm-fuzziness on the inside once you get to know them , blah blah . not hating on christyn or anything , not at all . ... i think i've said this in a previous post somewhere on these forums , but there really are as many shades of infp as there are shades of blue , or shades of every color , really . healthy people in ... are you implying that all gingers are soulless ? entjs can be very nice people ! they're not sociopaths who do not care about people's feelings . what i'm trying to say is , they are not known for ... but you are not an entj . you think very differently from them . i don't know you personally , and i don't know all entjs . some of them might be sentimental about some things , but i would assume that ... haha , i hate to break it to you , but there is nothing fluffy or cutesy about an entj . they are lions , plain and simple . if anyone's going to be a lion on the outside and a cute fluffy kitten on the ... to the best of my knowledge ; entjs do not want your boring emotional bullshit . their interests include world domination , strategy games , arguing , and being real fuckin productive . by showing an ... i just need to get some things off my chest . care to give it a read if you'd like , for whatever reason . maybe some of you can relate , but hopefully not . despite the first paragraph , i really don't ... contemplating the vast perplexities and flaws of our reality . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEhPOpBvb54 i've listened to this song at least 15 times today . i can't get enough of it . there are as many shades of infp as there are shades of every color . some are more sweet and caring , some are more reflective and dreamy , some are more idealistic and obsessive , some are more ... it's not that i'm bad at it . it's that , i dislike the tediousness of it . i dislike the complex step-by-step process , where i'm forced to rely on facts and details to solve this uninteresting , ... wow . you don't hesitate to go in depth , do you ? it's cool , though . not a lot of kids our age are very deep at all , ( i'm 15 as well ) , very annoying . they also don't know anything about themselves , and ... okay . first of all . don't read descriptions of personality types and think oh that sounds like me , but that doesn't ... they're usually a bunch of stereotypes . i really recommend that you ... i want to know why isfj's are always apologizing for everything . infps and enfjs are essentially opposites on the same spectrum . infp - fi , ne , si , te enfj - fe , ni , se , ti ^ totally reversed , but in the same order . the infp is the soccer player with big ... i was 12 or 13 ... the first test i took came out as enfp , but i'm definitely not an enfp . i'm not nearly that outgoing or heroic . so after that , all the tests i took came out as infp , and every ... i agree with you , i noticed in that interaction video - a lot of similarities in body language that i have to the infp in the video . i can't quite put my finger on it , is it that weird smile we ... that thing you wrote that it won't let me quote ... it was beautiful . wow . i think you've flawlessly summarized all the romanticism that accompanies our idealism . what you say about inspiration , and the way we are completely captivated by beauty , immersed in our fantasies ; ... okay , i know this isn't a lot to go on , but you mentioned that people who seem to miss the point of your argument or something aggravate you , ( i know this pretty much aggravates everyone ) but ti is ... '