' their are more sps but sj have higher quality . the greatest wrestlers in terms of technical ability are sjs . mr perfect ( istj ) . bret hart ( istj ) might be the greatest wrestler of all time . kurt angle ... i know istps who have good manners and empathy . look's like the op's personal issues than istps . you need to learn a thing called manners and empathy then . read about it , it's quite important in life i am somewhat spiritual because of several experiences . i wouldn't believe it but i know what i saw . : wink : yes i get shy often . their was a session in this class were people had to describe my personality by looking at me . most of them said i was complex and deep lol . i'm often labaled as weird by many people . my freinds get ... depends on the isfj , theirs some isfj here who are like extroverts like some guys here who seems to love to go out and seems to know how to be polite and treat girls nicely and some girls who seem to ... nope i perfer to listen and love human contact . i would say generally don't trust other people in generally except your family maybe . generally when someone is saying something to you be skeptical on the internet and real life . if you feel ... theirs a girl whom everyone thinks is istj but she insists she is intj . her behaviour is obvious is istj . i would not be suprised many intj are istj . i've had bad experience with people who i think are exfj . they are so fake acting all nice to be more popular but it's a manipulation but i can see through their act . one of them used to act like she ... chocolate and clothes you guys would be suprised at the amount of diversity in competetive world though . after read their biographies of these sports men i have found many diverse and interesting personalities ! not just ... naruto . he is always typed intj but he is crying half the time i see him . do entjs perfer to be busy and work hard ? if that is the case why ? people think i am a istp or infj . why is sasuke an intj . he's always emotional and crying half the time i watch him about something . maybe infp or infj . they think isfj are all sweet and can do no harm then they get hurt by one . they then moan about it everywhere . yep i procrastinate on courseworks which i find uninteresting however subjects i like i do not procrastinate . sure their are ! many mbti typers think peter cech is a intp probally the top 3 goal keepers in soccer in the 21st century ! . he's so brilliantly intelligent he analyses every shots and how to stop ... the most stereotypical enneagram 4 i think is jeff hardy from wwe again . he wants to be unique with his clothes and a artist in real life , he is always doing some random art project in his mansion ... the undertaker from wwe is a 4 . he is quiet and extremely private . he loves to connect with other wrestlers giving them advice . his character is fascinated with the occult and death . he is so ... hey mastermind entjs ! if introverted sensors are just robots stuck in routines . how arthur wellington , duke of wellington ( istj ) complete rekt napolean bonaparte ( entj ) in the battle of waterloo ? ? ? ... if you entjs are all such mastermind leaders and introverted sensors are just dumb people stuck in the past how come arthur wellington , duke of wellington ( istj ) beat napolean bonaparte ( entj ) in the ... yeh my sp freinds would say i dive right in . he sees me as quite a crazy person because i used to be quite wild lol . yes i perfer to make decisions alone but i do respect other people's input . i ... i agree with you , that would be the best option . shes going crazy because he is ignoring her but she has serious personal problems . isfj only ignore people for a reason . i would have lost my temper caught her and restrained her and tell her to stop damaging property and causing trouble for the people xddd . i think its because of my fe . yes i can relate to the guy . i would not call sometimes and other times act clingy . this is bad stereotyping of estp . a lot of estp are crazy but they are quiet straightforward and quiet most of the ... definately longevety is very important to me . i like relationship that last's like 50 years . yes i agree i always say this reminds me of when . every time i do something my mind triggers past memories . i wouldn't say i am cautious or anything towards a new experience though i just dive into ... i am agreeing with you guys here watching his documentary gareth bale seems isfj not an istp my opinion has changed for sergio busquets he is an intp not an istp . entj because they are able to do all the hard work , plan a strategy and sort out my life in a week . my dad is entj and his planning and effeciency is good . i cannot leave my plate for 1 min after ... i hate infj ! you guys want a isfj baddie ? ? ? daredevil . he is mental hahahhaha . the tv show version anyway wow you guys think clark kent is isfj ? i always thought he was esfj watching the show as a child . i think he might be is infj or isfj then . jonathan kent = istj lana lang = infj lois lane = estp lex ... i think i have one isfj no one has mentioned yet . i know you guys are not interested in sports but this is a big isfj . andres iniesta is regarded as isfj or at least ixxj by online typing community ... people often say i look like im tired or confused because of my eyes . eventhough i know i am paying attention . is it isfj thing or is it just me ? you are very wrong with michael carrick as istp eventhough most of your typings are accurate . jeffcoaster , if you are still active . i am certain if he took a test he wiill get a intj . he is very ... david villa entp rio ferdinand entp pele esfp michael ballack istj luis figo entj i found for you this online . i suppose they would act like 50 cent xddd.lmao 13 people voted him as isfj 3w2 . lool u gonna be gangster from now on ... karl pilkington is istp lmao matt murdock is a crazy psycopath unhealthy isfj . most of us are not like that xddd i think its personal rather than mbti . i've seen all personality types who are competitive or are bad losers . lool me too i don't join in stuff at university . i go on crazy rants when stuff happens with the country or county xddd i meant like patriotic feelings and sort of feeling deep care about your culture and community . do intj get emotional ? because i saw some intjs say they don't have them . how do you process emotions if it comes about ? what happens if you get emotional ? do you bond emotionally with your ... do you guys think i have some sort of se ? even though i know i am isfj and i use si . because whenever i had to defend myself or doing physical activity i can see , feel and touch everything in the ... isfp estp , esfp girls . they are attracted to me as well ... '