' haven't posted here in some time ... 228274 turns out the negatives of institutions tend to outweigh the positives . trapped by contract , bound by pride , and sh * * on daily by a never ending avalanche of bs work with little hope in sight . but ... yeeesss ! ! ! oh how i love intj's ... 84652 why thank you ! i'd say your profile picture is quite great as well ... oh how i do adore cats of all varieties :P omg , shut up ! sorry , a bit drunk . but seriously ... well , i am a guy , but i feel like the sort of beating around the bush followed by directness once the favor is returned would be ideal . in this way , it wouldn't be terribly awkward at first , just ... given this , i wouldn't have much to go off of to be honest . i mean , the seeming intellectuality would probably be appealing , but unless i were to find myself in circumstances that forced interaction , ... i know i've already hinted at this before , but according to this thread , most infj's seem to share 2 common traits ... 1 ) they are cats 2 ) they adorably fail at whatever they are attempting ... in basic i compulsively checked for a whole bunch of things . the biggest , and seemingly strangest one was the time , though . when i would go to sleep , i would always be sure to have my watch . when i ... i'll find the meaning of everything ... i grew up in a family where religion was forced upon me . i am now very lacking in any sense of spirituality , besides perhaps the concept of the enneagram ( even that i take more as the nurtured ... i'm sitting here with this little list in my head , but most of it i think is actually pretty infj given the way the functions interact . i suppose the one thing that throws me off is the family ... in no particular order ... 1 ) introspective 2 ) cautious 3 ) playful 4 ) procrastinative 5 ) zealous 6 ) courteous 7 ) goofy 8) adversarial recent picture from the desert ! 82441 ( insert the beast of war reference here ) i pose like a model when i'm not really doing anything , or when i'm sort of in the background of social scenarios . i also look at myself in basically every reflective surface i pass ( usually ... thread necromancy ! i find eyes to be fascinating . i tend to look at a person as a whole being though . the body parts are just a part of the greater person even though i do find some peoples eye's ... i tried ... i really did . i got tired of feeling all drowsy and hung over though . plus , i know it's just a temporary escape , so it sort of ruins the effect for me . that being said , drinking and having ... 80890 and then that's me a couple years ago when i was going through this attempt to grow lengthy hair . it ended miserably as i could no longer deal with the abundant curls that refused to allow ... 80885 that's me sticking out of the loaders hatch on an m1a2 abrams ... it's silly because no protective military headgear seems to fit my long head very well :/ 80886 and just before i left ... saw that and was like ... 80884 oh how i can relate ... on a side note , it seems that a lot of the infj gifs are cats failing in an adorably miserable way . came in here expecting at least one tasteless your mom joke . alas ... i'm not intj , but i'll share one for you guys . the craziest thing i have ever done while drunk is eiffel tower a chick ... 5697756978 two from my recent vacation to pennsylvania . i see what you did there ... i just got punished ... scorpio . but i don't know much beyond basic astrology . i've been thinking a bit more on this thread and how it relates to me as a feeler . as an infj , i read people pretty well , and it's painfully obvious when people are not receptive to emotional talks ... yeah , how do we get someone to actually initiate messaging us ? i'm going full introvert here ... in reality i don't believe i would want someone to ever fully understand me . this is strange because i would probably love to fully understand someone else . how unfair of me ( i'll have to ti that all ... i do this even with my family . i mean , i think i know who i am , but i compartmentalize my life constantly . i use the word friend group a good bit to separate my social circles from each other as ... i would rather wear all grey all the time . neutral colors are basically what i wear anyways , and it's fitting in almost every social scenario . it's also not provocative or standoffish , and comes in ... nice research , bro . i'm glad someone put some time into clarifying this . also , most people are on a sliding scale of gayness anyways , and given the right circumstances , almost everyone could do ... i love how there are so few votes for wealth with infj's . such a superficial desire ... perhaps you should review your friendships . if you feel taxed by the emotional needs of your friends , then you may want to find new friends that are more in line with how you think and feel . if ... ok , but as the poll-maker , would you say wisdom is in the knowledge branch of that poll ? if not , which one should i have voted for ? i'm assuming knowledge encompasses wisdom , and therefore i voted knowledge . next would be love , then power , then wealth . i get used to get this a lot from my really close intj friend . i would come off with really harsh , often negative critiques and criticisms of other people and he would question my conclusions which ... one reason i may have kept so many intj friends is because i often try to think about my feelings objectively . dealing with not only a lot of nt's , but also an introspective therapist has lead me to ... did that last night in so many ways . went off-roading with a bro who is probably esfp , and a few others . very little if any back up plan for getting stuck , through trails that are illegal to be on ... you sir are a scholar and a gentleman . on to the question though , i'd imagine spotting me wouldn't actually be all that difficult . i see drinking as a gateway to deeper feelings that many ... well yeah , psshhh . that's like a no brainer , bro : tongue : awesome ! i live in frederick , and have for the past 13 + years now :P and you're a 6w7 ... small world . but yeah , maryland is pretty cool in my opinion . it's got a bit of everything , really . i voted for the nt type ( option 2 ) . many of my close friends are nt's or t's and i believe finding an attractive girl with strong intuitive intellect would probably have my heart beating a little ... interesting seeing a girls perspective on the subject . i believe that socially female's are given much more leeway in expressing emotional connection through physical contact , whereas guys that do ... i have admittedly gone through a few phases myself ... i used to be all about communism and bringing down the system ( ironic right ? ) . then it was all gung-ho weight loss and usmc stuff . then i had my ... so i've noticed i'm a bit of a pro when it comes to bromance . i have had several pretty close friendships with other guys , and outsiders have even commented on it either being very bromantic , or even ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyx5xQfNPaA i like this guy's approach in explaining the functions . do any of you intj's have infj friends / partners or find interest in infj's ? i have recently begun asking my friends to take mbti tests and the majority of my closer friends are testing intj . i ... from the usa . i was born in ohio . moved to germany when i was 2 months old . then south carolina when i was 5 . and then finally here in maryland when i was 7 or 8 . leaving for the army soon . who knows ... waiting i don't know about that . i don't believe there is anything wrong with appreciating the artwork of another individual . it's just a thumbnail under a made up name after all . to the contrary , i say you ... '