' i don't think it matters what field it is to be honest . it all depends on the persons ability to comprehend the subject as a whole . the better you understand it , the easier you can pick it apart and ... i used to own my own it company where i did sub consulting for other it companies . money was great and so was the freedom , but you really need to put in alot of work . vacation was a rare thing . i'd ... my two best subjects back in high school was philosophy and psychology , i aced them both . the way jb nobody describes an istps view of philosophical ideas , is exactly how i wrote my tests ... i agree with this . uhm , no ... probably the other way around . you don't wanna be around me when i snap . maybe it's true for someone with low self esteem though but def not for me . this is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RKp1P2S2qs i voted istp because many of the things on your list reminded me of myself at 17 and some of myself today . don't bother listening to general cliches about what istps are like , everything has a time , ... lol , this could easily have been a description of my life a couple of years ago . i switched jobs after that , unfortunately i quit after only 8 months due to it not being what i excepted . i then went ... i would say learn this . mainly because it's what you describe you want . it's quick to learn , quick results and you can easily track your progress . if you wanna create games , unity 3d ... programming games is a lot of fun . you should check out the unity 3d engine . lots of good guides and easy to learn . i spent last summer creating a few small test games through tutorials . it's hard ... for me it's about how stressed i am . my shadow functions appear if i'm under a great deal of stress and then emotional outbursts tend to happen ... i'm a programmer as well . my favorite thing right now is a languange called mql 4 where i program trading robots . i love it as it has a lot of analysing involved . java is my base though . programming ... me and my estp friend : as teenagers , he got the girls first and just went with the flow . i kept thinking about how to perfect a plan to get a girl to like me first , then got a girlfriend . we ... i haven't come across any istj that are controlling , female or male ( i know 2 of each ) . the istj's i know are more laid back and are more introspective , all though they are very strict when it comes ... i love theories like the one about new world orders and the 9/11 - theory etc . that is just what they are to me though , theories . it's fun to let your mind wand around it for a while , but eventually ... well , i've been with my istj for 13 years . after two weeks i thought we were going to break up but i hung around . after four years , we got engaged . after another four , we got married . speed up ... seriously made me lol with the last part . brilliant , seems correct . after reading the what animal were you in your past life ? thread ... can't believe i read that in the istp section , minutes of my life i'm never getting back btw . i was a unicorn in my former ... he sounds like he's in an unhealthy istp state . i can't answer for what is causing it but he portraits the characteristics of the istp shadow functions . under extreme stress , fatigue or illness , ... i also do agree that you do sound intj . i compare it to the intj's i know and you guys fit the descriptions . there are certain traits that istps also can have which can mistake them for intjs and ... the way you described your intj friend is pretty much how istps act as well . when i get fascinated by something , i want to learn everything there is about it . i can sit for hours looking through ... istp may have a dynamic approach to life but justice and equality is something that we feel very strongly about . it's the same thing when it comes to loyalty , when we have a person we feel close to ... one of my oldest friends is estj , i've known him for 27 years and we get along great . the women i know that are estj can be a bit too much for my taste . if i ever were in a relationship with one ... she is probably fully capable of answering that question her self and you likely misunderstood the entire contents of my post as i clearly pointed out things to do together . quality time also ... if you live around uppsala in sweden , i tried soccer golf there the other week ( like frisbee golf but with a soccer ball ) with my wife and friends . it was suprisingly fun . i too sit a lot in front ... most broken and inaccurate test ever ... apparently my soul is erotic and my giant is enigma . i got infj btw which is a fucking joke . i really don't see any logic in that test what so ever . actually , it sounded more like he came up with him being an extrovert during the interview and made his decision on the numbers based from that . here's the thing though , a lot of people mistake ... hehe well maybe if we were to compare hair cuts . in the video they say derren identified him based on the number he picked . isn't that a bit thin though ? i don't think karl fits as an entp at all , ... i'd go with infp or intp . i don't really see any resemblance with him myself or with any other istp i know . in a nutshell , many times i didn't feel complete . i tried to be someone i wasn't . i thought my feelings were broken and i was forcing myself to act in a certain way which i thought was the social ... this ^ ^ i have the exact same ways of acting in different environments . there is a big difference between my home persona and work persona . i dress and act according to it too . playing sports ... quite fascinating even though it was a lot to read . i very much appreciate the detail you put in your explanation . much of it made more sense this time . fair enough , sympathy , all though ... i'm gonna try to rephrase it with more suitable words . you can't say what it actually meant , since this is an assumption from your point of view . it doesn't necessary have to be the answer . i'm ... that's a very interesting perspective you put it in . not sure i completely agree with you though . how can it be fe when fi is about feeling your own emotions . that doesn't make sense to me . fe is ... at first i was gonna response but tell you what ... 74852 and where's the truth in your claims then ? where did you get your facts ? lets make the assumption that if you are to make a site about mbti types , you would know a fair amount about mbti . now ... has any celebrity type ever confessed in an interview what type they are ? probably no , still there are more than several sites typing those people as the same type . so you are saying istps for example are bad at being actors ? i guess it comes down to what type of emotion in a character you need to play . take christian bale , clint eastwood or harrison ford for ... ... and once again you are mixing socionics and mbti . learn the facts and the differences between the two theories ffs.you don't even know the correct order of functions . si te fi ne - istj , mbti ... i think you are missing the whole picture here and probably the main fact that thinkers and feelers act differently . the article was about istp ni first of all . a type which hardly uses fe . ... ah exactly the same situation with me and my parents . i've done all that . i have my own company and work within it . i simply made a strategy that involved the people i knew ( or that i needed to contact ) in the industry that could help me get clients , ... it's strange that you say reason just doesn't seem to penetrate . for me , that at least is something that will make me agree . i may not like it , but i will agree . i've been with my istj wife since ... that logic doesn't really make any sense considering the article was about istp ni . i don't think you know how istp minds work . my emotions would give me away ? that seems far fetched . if anything it ... it's not that simple . order function and how much you use it is not the same in the different theories . mbti is more based about how people think while socionics is more about behavior . socionics ... don't mistake istp for istp . istp in socionics is equivalent to istj in mbti . two different theories , function order isn't even the same for istp and istp . estp http://blackgifs.com/gifs/21jump.gif entp http://blackgifs.com/gifs/drivingrange.gif isfp http://blackgifs.com/gifs/backscratcher.gif infp one of my oldest and closest friends is estj ( known each other for 27 years ) , so yes i can relate . i know at least two men and two women that are that type . there's a difference in gender behavior ... awesome thread ! so funny . free-wheeling analyst . not sure if i agree on the free-wheeling part : you don't mind being in the spotlight , preferring social gatherings to quiet nights at home . couldn't be more wrong . i hate ... '