accidentaly replicated post . delete this one ? i have this habit of always ignoring my gut feeling . it tends to be correct 9/10 times . its as if its in my nature to not follow it . which type is more inclined to not follow it ? if i'm alone i think for hours on end . even when i'm hanging out with friends i'll stop talking for a while just to think about anything and everything . sent from my ipad using tapatalk put it in . sent from my ipad using tapatalk what enneagram tritype test ? i like this . mom : esfp dad : istp stepdad : esfj or estj grandma ( moms side ): estj grandpa ( moms ): esfp grandma ( dads ): istj grandpa ( dads ): istp uncle ( moms brother ): estp uncle ( dads brother ): isfp my bestfriend is istj , they both have te as their auxiliary functions . when my bestfriend was down it bothered him if i asked him a bunch of questions . they generally like to be let alone to figure ... no shit . i'm fucking awesome . oh youre infj ... hey :) hi what's your friends type ? our friendship is really different from most . i just wanted to say how awesome you guys are . thanks for being loyal , smart , reliable and so caring for those you value the most in your lifes ... ... i do this without effort ( subconsciously ) . anyoneee > ___ > anyone else ? i know this is when most perc members are up . i meant type me > _ < would anyone be willing to type me via skype or google hangout ? you can ask me questions and what not ! i'd love for this . message me or just post here . these questions may be a bit broad but : what type is more likely to be overly self critical when unhealthy ? what type is more likely to be overly self critical when under stress ? what ... yes . already have that person . it's my best friend , he's istj 6w5 sp / so . not 1000 % on my type though . i guess it has to do with my enneagram . 8w7 so / sp . the social variant with the 8 . i like to help people , i thought it was fe'ish but i clearly didn't know what i was thinking . sounds like the same exact relationship my two friends had . infp & isfp . your friend sounds like an isfp ... lol sent from my ipad using tapatalk sent from my ipad using tapatalk it's funny because i didn't think i had highly developed fi . sent from my ipad using tapatalk i still think you're an xsfp ... that's awesome ! ! cant wait for the animated one . sfp ? i think ... sent from my ipad using tapatalk i don't care for the peace if it's a job i need to do or if it's for the better . i don't do so well when talking about my emotions . all throughout high school and middle school i felt absolutely ... that's a first : o . no one has ever typed me as esfj on any questionnaire i've filled out on here . sent from my ipad using tapatalk gotcha . sent from my ipad using tapatalk what about my answers is so fi'ishh ? sent from my ipad using tapatalk north america is like north korea in the sense of influence and social norms . sent from my ipad using tapatalk trumpet , baritone , and trombone . entj i make one plan and try to see it through to the end . with somewhat of a combination of what worked before , not this so much as i like to think a plan throughly , turns that could happen and even what ... here's a link to my more recent post . a perc member said this questionnaire wasn't very good so i filled out a different one . http://personalitycafe.com/showthread.php?t=422178 well then ... so many different thoughts . so what is your reasonings ? : o did you guys know 82.4 % of statistics are made up on the spot ? 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? - i have been typed as entp for 2 years now . i typed my self off of cognitive function online tests . i've gotten enfj , entj , and intj ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... if i am entj ( still unsure ) . he's istj as can fucking be . we have this telepathic bond . sounds stupid but it's intriguing . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... intelligence open mindedness wit quietness organization and people who remember random things that you wouldn't expect them to remember i get the feeling when in playing video games about how useless and pointless they are . it's as i i'm playing a dumb virtual thing that will shut down any way . ( it's true though ) i think it's ... 200794 left to right ( me infj ) ( istj ) ( istj ) i'm scared of it for some reason . anyone else ? me . first choice and for the 2nd pair of choices i'd choose , 2nd option . i enjoy working with people . but after awhile i like to go home and go over my thoughts . i'm really quiet but i'm pretty social i guess . i didn't mean that i turned 19 today , i just meant right ... well i mainly went off and believe i was entp because of test's and brief descriptions of ne or ti . i never really read in depth about cognitive functions till about two days ago where i would ... - i don't really get angry i just start feeling down . but i'd say about ... maybe a week or less ? - i speak my mind but it depends on the situation and the person , like if it'd hurt the persons ... so i've been making a lot of posts about my type ( probably too many . woops ) i score on tests high ne , ni , te , ti , fe and se . obviously tests aren't very reliable but i used the results and i began ...