' i thought this article was very enlightening . it basically asserts that national debt is a measure of our nations wealth and its fundamentally impossible to pay it off ; it's just a balance sheet ... hey guys . long time since i've made a peep . i had a best friend , let's call her alice . i knew nothing as wonderful as my friendship with alice . we would talk about anything and everything all ... i can't tell . they sound like very enticing words in the moment but when i try to grasp them later they just waft away like wisps of smoke and all that's left are the vague feelings . the only time ... edit : turn this into a useful post . when i plug in 1 for x , i get 4000 * 2 ^ ( ln ( 24000 ) / ln ( 3 ) ) = $ 232,094 , 896 . i have a feeling this rule breaks down the closer you get to either extreme . okay , so you want to find the number of people n between incomes a and b , you would integrate the second function between those points , like this : p = p_0 * 1/3 ^ ( ln ( i / i_0 ) / ln ( 2 ) ) = ... sure ! i opened it and played with it , so let's say you know that 2000 people make $ 4000 - that is your arbitrary point , meaning p_0 = 2000 and i_0 = $ 4000 . if you're solving for income i ( y ) , ... okay let's see , you got two variables exponentially related ... yeah i think i can do this . income as a function of people : i = i_0 * 2 ^ ( ln ( p_0 / p ) / ln ( 3 ) ) where i_0 and p_0 are an arbitrary point ... yep , i started by picking up html and css over a week , using css : the hidden manual and redesigning some bad sites . then i found w3schools and began using it as an entry point into every topic : ... hopeless . despaired . on all fronts . had a week of failure everywhere and today just politically cracked – i am accepting death by our worlds politics and all my personal mistakes . it will be long . it ... if it doesn't make you happy , then what the hell is the point ? besides , the things that make one happy are usually the things they are particularly competent in , and that competence can go a ways ... oddly i am attracted by the big , 4x games . galactic civilizations , sid meiers civilization , aurora ( in small amounts ) draw me in . something about building expansive empires or just hearing stories ... i believe i have a very hard time accepting things that do not agree with my ideals . i cling to my fantasies and look towards reality as a change far off in the future that i shouldn't worry my ... i absolutely love the rain ! time and again i wonder why the general consensus is that sunny blue skies are nice when they are so featureless and predictable . when i asked my friend why a lot of ... i would pick entp , because i would like to know how the mind of those closest to me turns . i feel like it would make communicating much easier and more fulfilling then on after : ) edit : i spend ... i understand your confusion . i hope my perspective can help answer your question . values as i define them are beliefs that we hold on the deepest level , statements that we simply accept as true ... thank you all sincerely for your encouragement , advice , and understanding . i slept on it and read these first thing in the morning , and i think i can give a good effort towards writing my paper now ... i am very frustrated right now because i've just entered college and i am leaping into a college level english class on rhetoric and argument , and as expected i have to adjust to writing papers ... i think i can sympathize , though it comes about a bit differently . usually i will be thinking about something intensely then get distracted by something else , and then be physically unable to recall ... i personally love the feeling of being thanked , and figure i have the thanks to give and make other people happy , so why not ? i'll thank your post for pretty much any small little thing , including ... hey everyone , i have been thinking about something else and i wanted to share . when i read that infps as children are described as living fanciful lives , pretending to be princes and princesses , i ... i am a terrible liar . i hate myself for lying to anyone so when i try , i can't help sabotaging myself ; it feels like i try to make comedic slip ups and reveal myself in a silly way . i think the only ... i am very good at math , i think . at the very least , i am persistent . i seem to possess a compulsive need to understand why certain concepts work , and create equations for convoluted problems that ... i've noticed over enough late nights that when i am tired , but still aware , my brain begins to function somewhat differently . the emotions i previously talked about being unable to really feel come ... i don't know .. i think i am more concerned with the fate of humanity more than that of the environment , though the two are tied together . when environmental disasters arise or are hinted at , i fear ... i tested as nearly perfectly balanced with a slight leaning towards right brain dominance ( on a different test ) . looking at the various traits of the left and right side of the brain , i don't think ... going by what i see in debates and intelligent articles on controversial issues , i cannot . i always seem to speak in concepts rather than examples , and i have to circle my argument around several ... thank you very , very much for posting this and elaborating as you did niki . you finally put words to the feelings i had about capitalism , pinpointed and described the part about it that has always ... for souled in , in my case these emotions explode exclusively when i am alone . even though what may trigger them may happen long before then , it doesn't seem to click until then . so when i am around ... i often wonder what exactly introspective feelings means and the consequences of that . my impression has been that my emotions run constantly under the radar , imperceptible even to me , leaving me ... not quite , my conversations with myself are usually short and defined by arguments and slapping . it would seem i need couples counseling : tongue : you must have a very interesting and colorful mind ... i see ron paul as a step in the right direction . i do not personally agree with a few of his views , but i respect them and admire his integrity . if he was your typical politician , i think life would ... it depends on what kind of trolling that is being done ( though , i suck at both : tongue :) if it is the type of trolling that you would observe in a youtube comment section , or rather among the ... yes , i do get curious about that quite often . i noticed that i really like being feminine in certain ways , and i like how gentle and gracious women can look . i also seem to get along with them much ... this is probably a little out of place , but i noticed that it seems to come up and tickle me every time i read some political article about the place of governance so i thought i could discuss it ... 5 centimeters per second ( byousoku 5 centimeter ) is an absolutely amazing animation , most certainly for an infp . i love it for its stunningly beautiful visuals , its heart touching soundtrack ( which i ... guess : tongue : hopefully no one finds that disturbing . i just feel like i relate to her timid and socially conscious nature , or i would like to at any rate . i would totally take care of animals ... i imagine if i explained it , my best friend would accept it completely , because she is simply awesome like that . i don't mean to deceive anyone ( except perhaps myself ) , i just tend towards liking ... .. or shallowness , i am hoping to find that out here . i've noticed lately that as a rule i get very interested in the things that my close friends are interested in , but only to the degree that ... i understand your feelings on this completely ! i am actually relieved to see you write this , because i have the very same issue . i cannot focus long enough to appreciate a book unless i get to share ... actually , i seem to favor having one best friend , then a few people i consider really good company . i feel i can't be as sincere a friend with several people , so i pick one and stick with them . then ... oh my god , i love your mind frixtion ! that sounds so incredibly entertaining and colorful everyday , truly the kind of imaginative world i wish i could live in . and to you , yourebffjill , i love your ... one of the reasons im fairly sure i am an infp is because i have that voice in my head that never leaves me and constantly looks over everything i do , usually with a critical look in its eye ...  ... through the scientific process we have been able to explain the majority of everything around us , or at least reduce the questions to relatively tiny nuances . physics for instance explains the ... this is the best thing you can do . then , hopefully , he may be able to find someone else . ( since he is not an infp from the sounds of it , that should be much easier for him : happy : ) yes , god yes i have a problem vocalizing my thoughts and emotions . part of it is because i am afraid of being completely open about what i am feeling , yet i don't want to be dishonest , so i have to ... i think we'd love to have you here , you seem very nice , and could bring an interesting perspective to our lot while getting quite a bit out of it yourself ! at any rate , we should be the last to ... hmm , i noticed that the leg had a bias towards clockwise perception after a little bit too . i'm not sure how accurate this is as a indication of side dominance , but going off of the simple ... huh , weird . i am actually very afraid of being late to things , especially when a friend is involved , so i am usually there early . then again , i've had to set my alarm clock 10 minutes ahead just ... modern politicians , who think they're playing a god damn game and use societies ' resources to try and win instead of bettering society , often hurting everyone else in their boundless vanity . ... after a curious turn of emotions , i noticed that i seem to work my hardest and do my best when i feel deeply depressed . the grim passion that comes with the sadness always seems to push me way beyond ... '