' i think what lordmercurio was touching on was the business philosophy to think of departments as services . you may already know this , but ... i think what he was trying to suggest is , don't ... http://youtu.be/PB5bGDPJakE with less than 10 employees , i would focus on growth and sales . you have financial wiggle room , but limited man hours . i would use them wisely . not risk them with new products at this time unless ... two birds one stone then . create a club and find like minded individuals . i see no reason why clubs and organizations have to be dictated by the school . look ahead . high school and those friendships are temporary . in the end they don't really matter . its a short 4 years and its not unusual to not be able to find people to relate to in small ... nations cable companies announce they are just going to take $ 100 from everyone | the onion - america's finest news source hahaha i would want them to meet their full potential at whatever they chose to do . i felt the same out of school . don't worry , it's a good thing . keep things in context . don't compare yourself to these people now . if anything , compare yourself to where they were at your age ... that moron behavior is an act . and an act that makes somewhere in the ballpark of $ 200k a month . the real question we should be asking is what type would act goofy like she does for comedy and as ... that's what i said / meant . nothing you said sounds immature so i'm not sure what they mean by that . it's almost as if they want you to be complacent . but that to me is not mature nor useful . ... doesn't sound immature to me . is there something else or are they using maturity interchangeably with complacency ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ze_9-g7P5tQ whiskey sour for me too ... hold the sour mix . yeah , and just so i'm clear , i don't necessarily think there are any major issues with the site . this isn't about my opinion though . i'm attempting to stay on topic within the suggestion forum ... i was proposing it to be a more automated process , not more manual labor . i get a lot of email notifications about posts to threads via subscriptions . i was proposing a similar system generated ... i'm not religious , but i have some questions that somebody might be willing to answer as well . i'm not trying to undermine or insult . these are legitimate questions and i wish to understand what ... yes , finally , i feel the power of the gold star super member badge coursing through my veins . my enneagram 3 is proud . my entjness is underwhelmed . more than halfway to the next one . 5000 ... reread this thread and let me know you think this topic has been discussed maturely and respectfully throughout . i guess being late to the thread , i noticed the irony that some of the posts hint at ... i was just about to suggest this . adding statuses to reported content to see if its pending , reviewed , approved , denied , etc . email notification . something . it's such a little thing , but perception ... shame . looked real clean . another story about an si dom wife . her : are you messing with me ? me : huh ? her : you packed your clothes on the left side of the suitcase . me : oh ? cccxxix agreed . i think it was a communication problem . its like speaking a different language . its easy when you're talking to a third party , but in the moment its like banging your head ... cccxxix i disagree . the thread had potential at first . it was about entj / intj dynamic in a marriage and who would take lead : male or female . it fell apart when the thread changed directions ... recon 777 to step outside your own paradigm and understand an important issue from a perspective other than your own . this isn't an important issue for us . you are the one that made the ... check your valuables / purse / wallet . they might be a pickpocket . hugs are a form of misdirection . i drive 2 hours to a building for a meeting after hawking email for cancellations all morning ... and 2 minutes before it starts , it's rescheduled to tomorrow . fffff dial in it is . it's not cheap shots . it's not us attacking your religion . were simply ignoring that part of the problem , because what you personally believe has no impact on our answer that predermined roles are ... so , let me get this straight . instead of the op expecting a relationship where two people get together being themselves , there is an expectation that an entj woman , running her own business , to ... its not about choosing a religion . its about what you believe in . personally , no religion makes sense to me , therefore i'm not religious . my devout catholic mother once said , you think you ... relatively speaking , intjs are generally not a problem when it comes to laziness / take charge compared to other types . even if you pale in comparison to the entj , you still stand out among your ... wow that was hilarious . surprising it came from the new york times . depends on why they can't do the job . are they honestly incompetent ? not qualified ? in need of training / experience ? require guidance ? poor fit and better used elsewhere ? find the reason then ... your score ( 18/25 ) indicates that you are a relatively high self monitor . you are willing to be the center of attention are sensitive to others reactions and will adjust your behavior to get positive ... personally i view it as money spraying in the air , bad for health ( inhaling scented chemicals ) , bad for environment . but , keeps wife happy at like $ 2/6 months it's worth the investment . 102810 here it is . the notorious dragon fruit , papaya , mango medley from the winding canals of thailand . i gotta tell ya , if civilization ever collapses , i'm going to have a hard time ... my wife prefers , i kid you not , thai dragon fruit to mask the smell of poo . she made me put the linen in the living room and we moved that spray to the guest bathroom and the guest bathroom to ... oh i can relate to that . same with spot at the couch , spot at the dining table , etc . i should ask her for a print out of the assigned seating . we could frame it in every room for guests to see what ... that's nearly verbatim what she said . linen for bedroom and i should have gotten something fruity instead for bathroom ? it was buy one get one at the store ... got a linen and lavender to cover my ... yeah , i figured if it smells better than * * * , it's serving its purpose haha . the problem isn't the people . the real problem is poor utilization of people and a system that mismanages them . that is , why do illegal immigrants exist ( for work , opportunity , education , etc ) and ... si te wife in a nutshell - linen scented febreeze is not appropriate for bathrooms . huh ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oK8YAuIxTrI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tv7e-b9Dsk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJyTQfASopg sure , during the refractory period . one more making fun of marketing cliches . http://youtu.be/2YBtspm8j8M my mind goes straight to military leaders and conquerors : alexander , caesar , hannibal , attila , genghis khan , napoleon , cyrus , etc . not because specifically what they did , but the scale of what they ... this is awesome . i had to double check it wasn't an onion article . teacher threatens to spoil ' game of thrones ' for disruptive class what does personality type have to do with sexuality ? also , just so it's clear , nobody here is claiming the ops baby / kid is not an entj . we are claiming the evidence provided is not substantial enough to make any sort of reasonable conclusion . if i was god , i would run things differently . i have some great ideas ; i should put my resume in . '