' you know your an infj - when in hindsight you get blurry eyes at small mistakes with other and how you made them feel . - when you can never imagine ever speaking to your self because of how ... constant mood swings is that an enfp thing ? i think that enfp have a high spirit which some people can interpret as draining , i think they are daring as well as vigorous and lively . your infj friend ... infj seem to wear this stoical look they are like intj when it comes to that , it can be seen as hostile but actually , we are idealistic inside ( jesus & gandhi were both infj ) . you need to get to ... i am a perfectionist and quite stubborn as in i want to do it myself . infjs tend to like manual labour because they are so perfectionistic and the repetitive process is its self the act of ... you guys probably already realised that infjs love enfps , would post an embarrassing meme but i'd rather not but what about the other way around what do you guys think of infjs and intj who are the ... i grew up a bit of a loner , i'm like this too , even though i enjoy the company of others i never enjoyed things like skype , because of the responsibility it entails , the small talk , the uncomfortable ... i read that intjs and infjs have in common their talent at being rational , infj constantly ask why and tend to be rational and intjs as you probably know are quite logical . maybe the thing is that ... bump in school i drifted from my friends i was an old soul , perpetual lost in daydreams , enigmatic and idealistic . thanks the world is empty the only think able to satiate the intelligent mind is a higher purpose a marriage of the two is a true fulfilment . did you know the world you chase and seek , the lord clutches in his right hand , the never-ending hunt of corrupted things in them we seek meagre gains in the we place full hope and the world , ... book writing is not an official endeavour i'm not tied down to neutrality as for proving there is a god , the varsity of a claim does not rest with the idea of whether phenomenon is observable or ... thanks for your reply and kind words , i think the implication of the word god is fraught with tension , it arouses tension between two different world views , but i don't agree i don't see why it is ... i wanted to make a thread where you plug and share your blog , you can tell us what you do if blogging is your bread and butter . its a good way of finding out what our interests are . i run my own ... questioning is innate within us we seek to satisfy an innate need , i will continue to question and not let it dwindle or dry up as this gives the piece life and pace , and its good to have lead on ... thanks , if i hit a cord then i've reached my aim . i've set out my goals from the onset to open eyes , to enlighten . i love replying to an infjs they tend to be very insightful . my question inevitably needs a conclusion this is why my opinions spill over , questioning till the bitter end won't suit me i need ... it is partially based on the the stand-point that there is a god . it is non-fiction . i would like the reader to approach this with an open mind because the questions being asked are universal . my aim is to speculate to open our eyes to question and probing , if there is an answer out there we need to start by looking at the evidence . i want to make a lasting impression , despite the opinion ... thanks for the advise , this is just the crude elements first draft its my mind wondering that's why i said i was sensitive to harsh criticism its a soul baring , but basically this is just one huge ... thank you for your opinion its a bit of a mess at the moment and i think its a long introduction and a mixture of different ideas i would like to flesh out soon . also i don't know how my comment ... and first impressions fellow infjs please be gentle i am a fragile soul lol ( this is also a draft btw ) the search for truth can take you far in life , a search that can take you to china and back ... vb i posted this not as a automated bot or whatever but to spread the word i was hoping since i'm fighting back they could take a step back and realise that i am serious ! trust me islam is the most misunderstood religion in the world , it was the first religion to give female heirs inheritance etc . it also has miraculous signs such as talking about the big bang it also ... i was quoting someone there i went about it a little unconventionally by putting speech marks . i'll make note of what your saying but you have to understand that i am certainly experiencing what i say i'm experiencing i want a peaceful life like everyone else if i was looking for a purpose why ... the story will leave some of you incredulous but it will enlighten a few and if i touch at least just one person then i know i have made a difference my story is moving and yet at times can make you ... i want most to overcome my challenges , not to see things as they were before but how they are at present to accept the new and that nothing worldly is ever sacred ( meaning above trial ) an improvement ... life has taught me that through optimism alone you cannot push through boundaries it has taught me that sometimes you should definitely hold back . it has taught me that people cannot read you like a ... i like your interpretation of it , it is poetic , seeing the trees after a hard day of staid routine and projecting your misery of not being able to be free to travel . you know your an infj when after reading post it gives life to to random thought and start of digression and you come to an inspired original point of your own . you know your an infj when you see a tree coming home from a hard day at school or workn feel sorry for trees because they live for hundreds of years in stay in one place . b / c you have realized that infj have a very close connection to ppl they think that their experience is interchangeable and therefore have to question themselves if the post they put up on here is a ... intuition is an idea or ( as a shadow which is a feeling ) that surfaces with a great deal of notice or you being able to pin point where it stems from . its you being able to know things intuitively ... your not living in a fairy tale in fact your being a typical infj want to nurture and maybe you've come to idealize helping the down trodden up-lifting some one with experience who will appreciate ... you have to remember that the infj is a biological permanent mold , so forcing your self to socialize with people you don't see eye to eye is counter-productive and will seldom help you forge ... http://media-cache-ec3.pinterest.com/upload/285626801337709787_PyiYs0aB_c.jpg http://media-cache-ec6.pinterest.com/upload/205265695486591513_JZp0wT8w_c.jpg a story that you can relate to , for the winter blues ... enjoy ! the tranquil cloud that hung from nowhere floated aimlessly above laila ’ s head , in harmony with her muted spirit . a stretch of deformed ... the tranquil cloud that hung from nowhere floated aimlessly above laila ’ s head , in harmony with her muted spirit . a stretch of deformed pavement , the familiar fragile cracks , appeared in front of ... i think a wounded infj would retreat become like a recluse and harbor false notions / inexperienced stereotypes and judgments on humanity , that they are indiscriminately cruel to him / her . they might ... i agree with people thinking your not able to form an opinion and that your on the fence about people , but in fact to the infj mind being judgmental about people is the least reasonable / rational ... i think because infj's are perfectionist they tend to feel like 1 . they are not putting the best foot forward and they are not presenting their best possible selves . 2 . they feel like the are ... i used to have some very vivid dreams really imaginative and creative . but they somehow morphed into dreams where my feet have left the ground ( sometimes quite literally ) lacking in control , ... wrong turn somewhere miserable need intuition . i think its really nice that as an infj i can sense and intuit the emotional depths and appreciate the significance of emotional states because i feel it literally enriches my soul , to feel the pain ... when someone told you that mental illness is not a illness but a social construction with no observable scientific base and you believed it because that's how much you are opposed to societies ... better to delve into the spiritual light matter , search for the tracks that lead to the truth , the great unknown will not stay unknown forever . 1 . forgiveness from allah . 2 . to be left alone . 3 . to be reconciled with people's rational side to be accepted for what i am . 4 to not be lied to to be kept in the light . '