' tzara oh . ha . i should have scanned the page before posting . are you suggesting that personality types have a particular way of speaking / singing ? because that sounds ludicrous ... do any other entps have an inexplicable attraction to infxs ? my biggest crushes have all been infxs and i think it is because of their whimsical nature that i lack and their shell that has to be ... i am a christian . i hold some non-mainstream views , as well . it's a result of questioning the system . i was bred with christianity in mind , but ultimately the choice was mine whether i became one or ... i talk about problems to either a ) find a solution or b ) be told i'm right . for the most part , at least . i'll often talk about them just to get them out there , because i dwell on them too much if i ... i'd say i'm more on the introverted side of the entp spectrum . i don't really like small talk or big group conversations or even being the center of attention in a big group of people . i socialize , ... i realized today that i'm plagued by sentiment . and it doesn't make sense to me that i am so damn sentimental . : rolleyes : it mainly happens with , of all things , clothes . i think it has to do with the ... your replies make me feel so ... normal . :'D it depends on if you define religious as something more close to dogmatic or just as someone who holds strict moral standards because of a belief in a god . i think t's would have a problem with ... i'm going through it right now , which is why i asked . glad to see my reactions aren't abnormal . i luckily am able to recognize that i'm about to say something stupid out of anger . i fall for girls ... how do you entp's handle heartbreak ? do you get over it fairly fast ? if so , do you get over it mentally first , or emotionally ? i'm not religious , but i do believe in jesus the christ as my savior . i've grown bitter toward the idea that certain practices and actions will get you in god's good graces . i think that , as an ... bleed the freak live by alice in chains . you can generally find me in a t-shirt and some stretchy jeans . comfort , baby . i also usually wear a hoodie or a cardigan and one of those newboys hats . i try to be comfortable , but fashionable ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i relate much better to entp's and am quite consistently objective in judgments , but i'm also considerate of others and their ... just curious as to what you guys think an entp who didn't assert him / herself would look like / act like / speak like . it's weird to ask , but i just thought it would be fun to see what you guys have to ... when you could be one of the best students out there , but don't do your best because you're much more fascinated by the people around you than the school work . when you peruse debate forums that ... when people think you're high because you're deeply contemplating the possibility and physics of the sky falling . when you overthink the mbti questions because half of them are not dichotomies ... my n and p were both complete or very clear . i took the myers-briggs today . i got entp . with only a slight preference to both e and t . t was literally the slightest preference available . haha . i am having the same difficulty in typing . like , identical . upon taking the cognitive functions test , i'm an enfp . but , on the kiersey and other online tests , i get entp , with the occasional enfp . i ... i more so meant the outcome part of it . honestly , i'm content being either . i more just want to figure out what i am because it would help me find myself more to have a good idea of my personality ... well , i'm taking the actual mbti soon , so i'll be sure to tell you guys the results . :) can you elaborate on this ? ok , this is helping me greatly . i'm starting to think that i am an entp with a highly developed fe . because i make decisions based on logic , but i am also considerate of people's feelings when giving ... i wonder if the development of your cognitive processes can be affected by how you were raised and what kind of environment you grew up in ... ok , so , the f and t have to do with what you prefer to use while making choices ? or with what you naturally use to make choices ? yeah , that makes sense . what is the main difference between an f type and a t type ? ( i've pretty much eliminated the idea of being an introvert . ) i'm 18 . :P ha . i often tend to phrase things awkwardly . sorry ! upon briefly reading up on the cognitive functions , i'm leaning towards entp with a highly developed fe . i will have to continue more research on these functions at a time when i'm not as tired . and ... i can understand that . i'm new to this personality theory stuff , and still studying it and grasping some of the concepts . i'm taking the myers-briggs in my personality psychology class this next week , so i'm excited to see the results . well , i was reading up on the xnxp child articles on this very forum , and while i shared almost all of the characteristics of the entp , i fit the enfp precisely . and i figured that , since i fit the ... i wasn't typed as an enfp , but my childhood personality fits one to a t . i'm now 18 , almost 19 . i have been under a lot of stress lately . mainly of the self-imposed nature because i think about ... how many of you guys are genuinely caring for other people ? i mean , you really want to do good things for people and help them out . is it illogical to care in your opinion ? i'm not casting ... like , i'm having a total identity crisis . i'm thinking about everything a lot , almost obsessing over it . i know i'm an xnxp type , i just don't know the other two letters . presently , xntp seems to fit ... i've also found myself becoming increasingly bad and awkward at small talk , much preferring to debate / discuss huge topics . do you do that , too ? is this a common occurance ? that is , changing types ? i've always been pretty in-tune to people's emotions , at least enough to sympathize and empathize , and i used to make all of my decisions based on ... i think a lot of the motive for an nt type to be a people pleaser is the possibility that you'll benefit from the relationship . i think in terms of be good to others and good will come back to you , ... when the idea of people is more interesting than the people themselves . when you can't enjoy the movie looper because you're thinking too much about the logical fallacies of time travel . when ... if you know what he means . ;) that we can't be sympathetic . i was raised as an enfp , but grew into entpness , so i'm very in-tune with people and offer them a helpful ear when they need it , even hugging them . it just makes sense ... when you start a debate whose main stance is your opinion is wrong . when the only reason you're not a douchebag is because you think you'll benefit from the relationship . ( or because the other ... ok , that was a joke , i'm not looking for my life partner . i am new here , though . as i said , i'm an intp , but i'm pretty outgoing and can sympathize well . from my studies of personality theory , i'd ... when you think too much about whether you're an f or t , eventually drawing the conclusion that your thoughts control your emotions , and that , when posed the question which controls you more : head or ... '