' deleted thread , written while drunk . enfp , thats how come you got into a chit-chat in the airport security line and ended up flying to pyongyang , north korea . your home is in westbrook , kentucky . i fear helplessness , dependency , vulnerability . getting injured where i can only move my head ( dependency ) . death for some reason not that scary . no animals or people all that scary . a group of ... just watched movie , bandits . they play , i need a hero and total eclipse of the heart , two very feminine songs . for some reason these songs get me pretty emotional . lame , weird , and hate to admit ... common maybe for istps is reacting quickly and deliberately in the moment . not certain that that reaction is always the right one but a lot of times for myself i make my mind up quickly , act , then ... haha , no badass here , even though at moments have wanted to be . the guy who grabbed it was a good bit smaller than me , though not certain if i would have reacted differently if he was larger , ... old thread but interesting . i had a similar incident ( thankfully w / o a knife involved ) where a guy grabbed my wallet at a convienent store checkout counter . guy had long hair , and i grabbed it , ... old thread , but comments hit home . i shave my head w / clippers , simple maintenance and don't have to pay someone to cut it . i grow a partial beard . only have to shave once a week . i take showers ... dang , this thread took a few turns by ( non istps ) regarding an istp question . i agree with op's original assertion . i have felt that way most of my life . i have different personas i put on for ... i saw this a little while back . funniest shit i have ever seen ! im abit sick . i love scenarios where the predator becomes the prey . 65813 i like that i am easy going . i like the rare occasion when an asshole mistakes this as weakness and i have the opportunity to beat him mentally . i like the rarer occasion when it escalates and i ... ink . watch it here . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1j2xfqRJEs i think your right . the metaphor does not describe her accurately . i am day trading in sim mode right now . just click with estps . i laugh reading the descriptions of isfj moms . they are kind of like the quintessential moms . i think my mom is isfj too . she is hilarious to me and i spend a good bit of time trying to aggravate ... i get along with estps , as forest gump would say , like two peas in a pod . im an istp and my estp buddy recently introduced me to his istj friend . funny thing was , first impression , i thought the istj was kind of a stick in the mud . not certain if the estp felt same about ... i agree with your statement about left and right in europe . that is my view from travels to europe . not certain if it has always been that way . curious if you have noticed a shift in america's ... imo , extreme right-wing christians have given the religion a bad stigma . as far as i know jesus made no acknowledgement of capitalism or socialism . in the us , christianity and capitalism seem to ... emotion and brain work best for vote . too bad righties ain't got either . left wing . pro-life , unless caused by circumstances outside of control . marriage for same sexes . death penalty . immigrants here now , work towards citizenship . tighter security on boarders ... i agree of course , who doesnt ? that was awful , can i go home now ? , that'll be $ 250.00 . its pretty normal . you get over it pretty quick . the creator . never heard a name for it it and no it is not 100 % . kiss it . but i agree . i dont do that anymore . haha , look kinda pouty in the second one . lol . good looking pics ! not certain but i think the lie dector may work regardless of visualization . ( lefties looking right , righties looking left for information recall , opposite for creative ;) ;) thinking . but not ... i remember handedness . you can tell a lot from handedness . like probabilities of truthfulness or dishonesty , by eye movement . you can tell which hand to avoid if blows start , which hand to shake ... seems like alot of you guys have either a blank stare or slight smirk , half smile , like theres some inside joke going on . i do both of these too , but not certain why and i think the smirk tends to ... day 5 or 6 . feelin alright . went out last night with a buddy and he continuously smoked and dangled his reds in my face . i chewed big red gum and sipped rum / cokes and did fine . i think i may ... to raichu braggart ! to frosty bastard ! i agree life . non smokers do seem like they have more control over themselves . i like that and also do not like having something with control over me . did the gym twice today . lettering is ... good idea . day 3 for me . my substitute is anything physical , hitting , punching , lifting , pushing . this seems to work for me . hoping this will get me in really great shape if used as a ... quit smoking . get blow up strong this year . ( already strong ) run 20 . boxing classes . beat stuffin out of some huge bully ( not chosen yet ) and will completely skip this one if i cannot find a truly ... istp day trader here . im an aries istp too . both go hand in hand . i like entps . hanging out with them , you always know there is a chance you could get into some sh $ t . you don't expect it but you know there is a possibility . you could end up in a bar fight , ontop ... regarding how cold is the istps heart , mine can be pretty warm or pretty cold , but youll rarely see it on my face . :) i dont really like to be hugged . i very much enjoy giving hugs . i can be ... i get along with most types , it depends very much on circumstance , i . e . at work or at play . i'm a designer , specifically restaurant designer . i left my career about 6 months ago for another opportunity , trading stock futures . i enjoy and dislike different aspects of both . i love the ... i really like intps . i think they are some of the smartest people in the world . their humor is quick , to the point , and usually hits on multiple levels . i get along with them great . when we talk ... i get along well with isfjs , enfjs , and i suspect infjs . with isfjs i give thoughts , recommendations , and they listen and will take my advice but thats it . they use my input but do not really ... big fish , little pond . unapologetic democrat no problem . yeah , sorry . last post once into it was not particularly addressed to you , just in general . btw confronting a bully many years older and i image larger ( in high school ) is no easy feat ... '