hate being too sensitive , not being able to take criticism , wanting to be perfect sometimes really cuddly and other times i need space . not aggressive enough , and more into sad things . loving the floral patterns i like drawing , painting , and playing music , but i don't think i'm good enough to consider myself an artist . somebody like stargazing grasshopper . shane dawson infp ( in dreams ) , infj , enfj , intj , esfj , entp which title ( s ) do you relate to best ? - the aesthete which title ( s ) donx 92t you relate to ? - the impulsive hero is / are there any title ( s ) you feel ( or have seen that ) would describe your ... atm he's simple , approachable , nerdy , shy and a little quirky . find something to keep your hands busy , hopefully something you enjoy , but even doing some household chores can help . i used to , but once i get to know them i realize they're not the person i thought they were . my secret hideout : my room , a closet , or a bathroom activity :D rawing , staring at the wall , talking to myself , writing down my worries and thoughts , playing / listening to music , dreaming ... maybe isfp ? ? lana del rey bob dylan elliott smith billie joe armstrong robert smith i don't collect animals , but i've always had this fascination with them . animals seem to understand my emotions better than people . that works . i would also suggest listening to some reflective infp / isfp music so you have a better idea what goes on in their minds . 2 questions : 1 . why am i attracted to you ? 2 . i know we can never be together romantically so how do i get you out of my head ? couldn't agree more . i agree with all the posters who say to start off slow and let her get to know you first . i'd rather just call somebody when i'm in the right mood to hang out instead of making plans . otherwise i'll ruin the date because i'm bad at hiding my emotions , and if i'm not in the mood you'll ... my best friend's an infp and we both make fun of our ne / se differences . what youtube or other streaming videos are you watching right now ? nobody knows me at all http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBzA76QGgz8 master hunter http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpjvoavW_iU walls if they really mean it and they're not the type of person who compliments everyone or the type who goes overboard and compliments me every 5 seconds , then it makes me very happy . if it comes from an ... i have to agree . environment and upbringing can also play a huge part in shaping someone's personality , and i think it's also easy to mistype someone ( e . g . infp's who think they're isfp's ) . some ... yeah , sadly i have not outgrown this and i've been avoiding a guy i like right now because he makes me so nervous that i can't speak or function at all . when he flirts he makes me more nervous , and ... i could go on forever about this topic , but i'll try to keep it short . anime looks realistic , but it's not how things actually are . it's realistic enough to be believable , but it's more an ... it sounds like he's testing your reaction to see if you like him . eventually one of you is gonna have to say something . if i like someone a lot , i avoid them because i'm embarrassed or worried that my intense feelings are showing . i don't want to overwhelm the other person so i try to give them space , then initiate ... i think everyone else is crazy and that they don't really know it because they're so preoccupied with following the crowd . i actually like that i'm weird and i embraced my weirdness more when i ... i'm a female isfp and i often act the way this guy does when i like someone . i leave hints and i feel like i'm making a fool of myself because to me , they're very obvious hints . if i don't get the ... same here . i'm a clutz , but i love dance music . i could never dance in front of anyone , though for some reason i don't mind singing in front of strangers . empathy , sincerity , open-mindedness , humility melancholic people who don't know me may get that impression of me when they first see me and they'll often change their tone of voice with me and talk to me like a little girl , but people i know well don't ... i know just how you feel . even if i try to act normal , people still think i'm weird so i can't really hide it anyway . it's good to hear you're starting to feel comfortable just being you . when i meet new people i try to share music we both may like , but nobody ever gets it except for maybe my mom if i replay a certain song over and over and over and the words are simple and clear . if she's really shy it's possible that she likes you , or that you're moving too fast , or that she sees you as a friend . i can't say for sure because i'd have to see it to better understand . i liked ... i'm alone because i push everyone away , and then i get hurt when they respond by avoiding me . people offer to help , but i don't want to burden them with my problems and i don't think they'd ... for the longest time i've always expected nothing of myself because i let others define me , and those closest to me only expressed disappointment that i couldn't be what they wanted me to be . ... i like my curious / inquisitive side that gives me a wide scope of interests , but i wish i had more focus so i could be skilled with one or two things instead of mediocre at many things . i feel good ... people always tell me i'm quiet , even though i feel like i talk too much thanks for the warm welcome . it's nice to know there are other weirdos out there . hi i'm a very confused isfp ( i think ) . i like drawing , painting , playing guitar , singing , and cooking but wouldn't say i'm good at any of those things . i just like the arts . although i'm supposed ...