' okay , i have to make a general thing clear here : well , duh , of course i think that it's a misconception specifically in the mbti-community that extroverts ' necessarily always ' get energized by ... i'm actually in a relationship with another entp and a mutual friend of ours is always joking about how oddly we interact . there's a german saying that literally translates to love moves through ... i think that you're cute , but not really my type specifically . with the fluffy hair and sort of longer and edgier face , you look rather manly , but in a slightly softer and ' cuter ' way than the really ... i generally don't hold grudges as it's just too much effort for nothing and hurts me more than anyone else . however , i have experienced situations where a person just destroyed all of my trust ... geologist i'm going to a university for engineering and this is the running gag as a recommendation for people who like solitude . some oatmeal ( was probably around 50 ~ 60 grams of oats ) with a mix of fat-free milk and water , a peach , maybe 4 or 5 nuts and a drizzle of honey as well as a small hot chocolate for breakfast . for ... well , this month , i'm actually having my very first summer job , because after finishing school , you get 4 months off and i just can't spend that much time doing nothing of substance . i am working ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JguMgsfGc4o in my opinion , this is god-tier rap ( regarding lyric quality and thoughts behind it ) hm ... i would say that we hardly ever had those typical groups . i was with a group of gamer-nerds for the longest time , but the people were all really different and aside from the fact that we played ... my estp teacher : me : my homework got a little long , but the concept i came up with was just so good him : would other people call it morally wrong ? me : on every level that it could possibly be ... i actually took the mensa entrance exam a while ago for fun and i can now proudly say that i am a member of the international nt-circle jerk : kitteh : welcome to the forum ! i'm sure you'll be having a good time here . you can have a lot of intersting discussions and the people are generally nice and helpful . an advice that i just want to give you ... can i dress up as a drunk stripper in a parrot costume ? or would that be inappropriate ? sooo mildly exotic dancing , maybe ? like those exotic fruit-juices that are actually just orange juice with a bit of artificial flavoring ? you look extremely stereotypically infp to me . if i have to find an alternative , though , i might go with xnfj . so there will be no video livestream with exotic dancing and rap battles involved ? i am a bit disappointed . first of all : yesss , of course i am in : cool : secondly : if i follow rule 4 , i will break rule 1 . this is an error in the system . i can forward this for the girls as well . at least the younger entp girls . 4w3 9w1 6w5 sp / so evidence : not yet asked for . there i see the close-mindedness of infjs again , just dismissing anything that goes against them , not even asking for the reasons . if you take an exam and get a grade , ... hand of sanity ? you mean the infj's raised finger of no-sex-before-marriage , always-be-in-bed-at - 9 , never-cross-the-street-when-the-light-is-red and drugs-are-evil ? i have been chewing on that for ... hermioneg : i can actually fully understand any person who gets annoyed by that and i have a very similar viewpoint . i think what some people don't realize is that oftentimes , others are content with ... lacy tears : 1 ) aw , the childlike curiosity in combination with solitude . i'll give it inxp 2 ) again , a very ne-approach to things . ne-ti , probably , so xntp 3 ) this is ne again . curiosity and also ... i am well , alive and had lots of fun . my guess is that you are just jealous , because you infjs are too socially awkward and introverted to ever do something fun without an entp to escort you and deal ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjzpuYqB6Kw i love this . parody songs . yesss . no matter how much you think you are helping people , making the world better , being a great person , you will never do as great of a job as these chicken : ... maybe . i am not sure , but within the grand scheme of things , we can most likely not rule out the possibility . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-RjNwas8ok wow , if making friends in real life was as easy as online , i would already be a celebrity . : cool : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrB718F3LeI 1 . lol 2 . i'll give you isfj 6w7 as an alternative , since you have a fairly peaceful and friendly vibe to you that is f + si / ne and 6w7 can make you seem a little more ne accept your fate <3 isfj i still never know where to put you . you remind me of the girl in my class that i can only interact with properly when drunk . you are not necessarily as dumb as her , but really exalted and ... ... when you switch between being extremely healthy and doing lots of harmful things on a weekly basis .  ... when you are so bored that you work out , listen to videos about social issues and try to ... i have never had my iq tested , but every psychologist i talked to so far has assessed my intelligence as far over average and far ahead of my age . as far as eq goes , i think it's fair to say that , at ... i like you . you are cool and easy to talk to . it's possible to have interesting discussions with you and i like your attitude . also , thank you for keeping me company during a 3 hour hiking trip . i ... i don't really have to adapt at all to get along with guys . not that i believe that i am one of them or whatever , but with many male sfjs or extxs , i'm really in-tune and we can simply understand ... i actually love the taste and smell of cigarettes and specifically cigars , but i never had the dedication to start smoking . i only have something when it's offered to me and since only one of my ... eh ... i don't really care . usually , i just befriend guys , preferably other thinkers , or down a few shots of vodka to be mentally on the same level as my esfj friend ( no joke , sadly . i actually do ... my new year's resolutions : - be awesome - stay awesome - do awesome things - do whatever i want - not see all of my teachers anymore in autumn ... when i want to do something , i just do it ... extroverted ( e ) 70 % introverted ( i ) 43 % intuitive ( n ) 67 % sensing ( s ) 47 % thinking ( t ) 68 % feeling ( f ) 12 % judging ( j ) 61 % perceiving ( p ) 43 % your type is : * entj yeah , it's wrong . i am an ... your empathy quotient score was 20 out of a possible 80 . entp - damn , i thought that i would score better xd http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170103/eb7e7564c63f5c2ed6c3873fc30aadc3.jpg this is a good example . i generally wear a rather formal style with blazers and oxford heels . color-wise , i mostly ... i am a very calm person , but this is really pissing me off right now . you were the one who made a thread asking for advice . your passive aggressive comment , dismissing everything that is being said , ... with this , you are heavily supporting my hypothesis . i was never trying to claim that you have malicious intentions , just that it sounda like your views are biased an the topic sounds more like a ... this honestly sounds really passive aggressive to me . you are trying to ridicule his behavior to make yourself feel better and blame his reaction on being overly emotional . it seems like you are ... god , i feel a little sick right now and i am not sure if it's because : - i ate too much - i didn't eat enough - i ate too many fruits in relation to everything else - i ate wrong things in ... i know , i looked at your profile xd to be fair , i did spend some time trying to find a reasonable number , taking everything i have seen from you over the time into consideration . my alternative ... 23 let's say infp gesendet von meinem huawei crr-l 09 mit tapatalk '