' for one thing i know he's very busy with work , and he has some friend routines ... being an introvert he probably also needs me-time besides all that . i'm just wondering if i should see it as ... i think i'll do that ... i'll be abroad for a few weeks now , but i guess i'll do an invite : want to come over and see photos when i'm back ... i don't think i asked ... but i've always send a sort of , thanks for tonight , i really enjoyed it . i think that in the past he responded with something similar , but we never got any deeper into ... hello istp's ... do some of you hate texting with people ? responding only after a few days , if you respond at all ? leaving your phone at home , or silencing it when it buzzes too often ? would ... that's a good question , and honestly , i don't really know the response to that ... i can plan , fantasize , want ... but when the moment is there , my brain / body just blocks on it ... like things become ... g_w thanks for the song ... that made me smile . thanks for the thoughtful response , too .. as always . i've been pondering lately to ask / tell about my feelings ... i seemed to be at a point ... this ... i want to find that :-) : shocked : hope you had a good friday ... hello , i've been browsing around about this , but there's not an awful lot to find . any ( female ) intp's have experience with ( male ) intj relationships ? i'm looking for dynamics : how did the ... few months forward ... well , i've been seeing this intj friend for about 6 months now . it started as reaching out as friends ... he recently moved here from abroad for his job and doesn't know ... maybe you're right about fe ... i hadn't looked at it that way . i think i'd be sort of scared to say something like that , but i'd probably be more okay with the you look angry , can we talk about it ... oh , wow ... really ? i'd think that would infuriate someone even more ? hey all , recently , i had an argument with an intj friend and i have a question . it ended up with my friend being very defensive and lashing out to me , and getting my intp feelings really ... lady marlene https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5INZWFIaqM different , but somehow i had to think of those ladies : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kbdCDeKSoI ( btw , how do you post a video with an image of the video ? ) > newb ... * edit * ... i just ... perfect for a lazy sunday morning .. thank you ... and happy new year :-) this makes me think of discussions i had with my ex : he thought the music i listen to is depressing ... he always said your music makes me want to jump out of the window i never got depressed by ... i'm sorry for maybe not being very clear in my initial post :-) it's interesting , indeed ... music sort of needs to fit the mood , otherwise i find it disturbing ... unless , i wánt my mood to change ... this makes so much sense to me , thank you ! ... if you would remember where you read about fe / fi and music , i'd be interested to hear it ! i used to do this when i was younger , too ... go to my room , and turn on some really loud and aggressive music ... grunge mostly . it really helped for letting some anger go indeed ! for me , music seems a good way to make me feel when i need / want it ... or to channel my feelings and give them a place when i'm feeling emo . i find that with getting older , feels are more ... when your mind wanders off during a meeting , when you don't agree with a certain topic ... only to have formed a sensible response when the others have already moved two topics further , and you feel ... sorry , duplicated ... i wasn't sure how to have the thumb thingie for the video here ... : blushed : https://youtu.be/Uu4etk19Vg8 this is the behavior i very much appreciate and admire in my best female intj friend ... she's sometimes too much of it .. and me sometimes too little ... we often joke that we should bump into ... as an intj , after being cheated on , divorce , and very weary of letting people come close emotionally . would it be typical to be very compartmentalizing about sex , relationships , friendships ? ... ... i'm afraid i'm like that , too : if they want to share something , they will tell me lately , while meeting more new people ... i've heard comments like : it's easy to tell you things , but you don't ... it seems the older i get , the more accepting people in general are about awkwardness - including me . it's a great feeling really . :-D interesting perspective ... thanks ! growth , you're right ! ... and i can see how easy it is to get selfish , indeed . the best sex is about wanting to give ... yes , i can see that , too . it's ... why ? because i would like to be able to do what i actually want to do ... i would like to be able to let go a bit more . as for dating / fwb , ... i'm wondering about exploring , learning , ... has any of you ever tried a fwb thing ? ... it's pretty awkward being awkward about the benefits i'm just really wondering if it could help being less inhibited . such a gentleman 😂 i could see myself doing something like that 😝 ... but i so want to change that ! judgment_knight dubious things ? * curious * hey all , i wanted to know if any other intp's deal ( t ) with this , and if so ... what did you do ? i seem terribly inhibited when it comes to physical contact like : giving a guy i like a ... i hadn't even thought about it ... but i guess i do ! just smiling ... chuckling with mouth closed ... or a full blown laugh that often embarasses me because it sounds so loud : shocked : ... people find the last one entertaining and even contagious . walks and a drink along the way are ideal ... i enjoy it most when the other person doesn't have to be the obvious focus ... walking gives you something to do , something to look at , to talk about , ... hmm .. i agree with both . mbti and those confrontations arrived more or less at the same point in my life , but i think it's safe to say that : if i would get confronted without knowing about mbti , i'd ... i seem to get tidier as i get older ... my room used to be .. well , i'd say it goes beyond words . last few years , i start to work more actively on my weak spots ... and since i want to avoid the ... impavida i guess time will tell :-) thanks for your input ! i guess i find it difficult to gauge the difference between how the face-to-face and online / offline time feels . i'm not sure if age ... i so relate to that ... and it's only in the last few years i've been starting to realize this , after getting out of my long term relationship and getting into the dating field and making new friends ... more or less the same for me ... when it comes to words of affirmation though , it can be sweet things ... or honest ( constructive ) things ... no putting on a pedestal please . let me know what i did ... what's a dh ? * blushes * we don't have places for hanging out , i think . maybe it's a bit age related :-) ... i don't often go out anymore , and if i do it's because friends and i decided to go ... who ... me ? redriley , sounds like entp to me :d istracted : 1 . i often have the feeling that others find me weird . especially people who only know me superficially . once they get to know me better they ... i had posted this on the istp forum , but maybe i can ask about istp / intp experiences to my fellow intp's . i met an istp via a dating website about half a year ago . we agreed we both weren't into ... thanks enigma 15 , even though i was kindof looking for insights , rather than dating advice :) i've been going on dates and making new friends for the past 3 years ... but , dating around doesn't ... work has been quite busy , some social activities with friends , i guess :) we're both around 40 and we live quite close to each other . i guess i should things flow at their own pace for a ... here goes my first post ... i've been reading plenty , and still puzzled : i met an istp via a dating website about half a year ago . we agreed we both weren't into dating , but in making new friends ... '