' i think on this issue a lot and have some strong opinions on it . first we need to define what we believe strong to be . i think that the phrase better than before is a pretty agreeable definition ... i believe the heart of the question posed originally is directed towards a sense of belonging . that doesn't come from a tribe we may or may not feel like we have found but from a feeling within .   ... that time is my jam . i am a teacher and summer is just about to start for me and i am really looking forward to getting my own time so i can do my own thing . 2 hours a day of reading ? awesome ! 2 ... my fiance is an entp and we are that disgustingly happy couple that everyone hates . my relationship with her is the best relationship i've ever had . we rarely have miscommunications . everything has ... ni and fe our two strongest functions are fundamemtally opposed . this leads to dissonance . ni drives us inside , to our own little world . fe drives us outwards , towards others . these two are opposed ... homebody my fiance is a very rational and logical entp . we get along wonderfully . we're that couple that makes others sick . if a feeler and a thinker can't get along its because one of the two parties , or ... i amatuerly powerlft and run . i have some pretty strong beliefs on how developing my se through physical fitness has been a revolutionary life decision for me . it is a vital part of my mental health ... the common conception of stoics has done damage to the image of the philosophy . when people hear the weird stoic they see a person that is statue like and is void of emotion . this is a false ... what does the stoicism philosophy mean to you ? there is nothing in the philosophy that states that we shouldn't enjoy life . i have recently begun to really dig into stoicism . i feel like really entrenching myself in this philosophy has helped me significantly . i can trace when i began to turn my life around to when i ... i teach at a drop out prevention school . many of my students come from homes and backgrounds where there is no stability , no structure and often times just bad situations all around . i am there to ... bump the rules , what is ethically right is the only thing worth following . the tao of seneca by tim ferriss spqr by mary beard i have been heavily influenced by stoicism as well as the thoughts of mahatma gandhi and kant in a smaller impact than stoicism . i also pull much from plato and aristotle even though i disagree with ... you will have more luck understanding what an infj seeks rather than specific places . specific places as examples will ultimately have a bias due to the difference of individuals . what is worthwhile ... ethanol you have no idea . i work with kids who often times don't have a firm grip on what is appropriate and what isn't . i hope me ignoring it doesn't make it worse lol , because that's often times ... it's really helped me be a better infj / person . it's allowed my more dominant functions to come out as i've embraced the more physical and primal ( se ) aspects of my personality . it removes the stress ... hahaha ! thanks ! they were taken at a super spartanrace . it's one of the three classifications of races for spartanrace . it was just outside of mobile alabama in a little town called saraland .  ... spartan race ! i had so much fun , most fun i've had in a long time . the existence or non existence doesn't matter that much . what we do with our own personal answer is what matters more . i went through something extremely similar a few years back . although i always deal with heartbreak the same way . i always just retreat into myself when i need to during those times which is ... i had an interesting time with this dynamic due to the fact that for several years of my early 20s i was a hermit . not socially awkward or anything of that matter but i was just a hermit . i had no ... not really , i feel pretty distant and apart from many of the infjs here . i don't find many of the threads interesting enough to post in or maybe because they are similar to so many other threads i've ... for the past 4-5 or so months i've been losing weight eating healthy and going to the gym and i've lost 49 lbs and gained some muscle in the process . i am now 208 lbs and my goal weight is around ... i have people watched for years , even when i was younger . it is something i thoroughly enjoy and even have intentionally done sometimes . i don't judge or make any sort of conclusion on a person but i ... hey there :) welcome to the forums , your english seems absolutely perfect :) hope to see you around in the infj section . hey there ! welcome to the forums . :) there is a lot to learn here , could be on here for months and even years and still keep learning . hey there :) d'aw , i am just now beginning to learn spanish myself but seeing so many people here greeting you in it is so sweet . hey :) welcome to the forums , it is nice to have you here . welcome to the forums :) nice to have you here . hey :) welcome to the forums . hey there and belated welcome :P http://i.imgur.com/AVlUNPC.jpg holy mess that is huge , my bad ... dunno how to change it into something smaller . i have had a male enfp friend for like the past 5 years and we are very tight so i might have a slightly different perception due to my closeness to him so bear that in mind . he isn't very open ... they can be but as i have grown older they are no longer that draining for me with the enfps in my life . i have actually kinda grown to enjoy it and i just kinda smile and laugh on the inside and ... be open with him and be honest . i dunno for all infjs but when my so gives me authentic and genuine access to their feelings and emotions even if it could be a negative thing about the relationship ... on my days off from the gym i generally either do some form of basic yoga / stretches . i generally do not do it for the mental aspect as i write in a journal nightly for the purposes of centering ... i will be completing my masters degree next month . while mayhaps the content i learned through my studies may not be entirely worth what i have sacrificed to achieve it the experience i have gained ... is she doing what i think shes doing ? ... is she really doing what i am pretty sure that she is doing ? i am such a dolt that i always think that women are just being nice and friendly when ... if i am with people ? i am good , no tears , maybe a few manly ones are hidden . if i am alone ? oh lord i can become a blubbering mess of tissues , snot and tears . i dunno honestly , i think it is pretty varied from infj to infj . i can most often be found in book stores , parks , hiking trails , some form of education setting such as university , gym but i have a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDK_3VkkYRE because people find meaning in their label even if it is false meaning . it also boosts their ego to be amg im so rare unique and signifercant amg im 1 % of the poperlation . people identify with it and ... i just turned 26 less than a month ago and am finally getting into an area where i am really beginning to feel happy and positive outlook on life not just in theory and on an intellectual level of ... it makes little to no difference . clamp down on the shit we need and can't do without , dispose of everything that is extra . withdraw into yourself , focus on you and then fuck everything unnecessary that was not apart of the betrayal ... my man panties get into a level 9 knot . dear enfp , you know my real feelings for you , you know they'll always be there in some shape or form , fret not little one . ' tis only a bump in the road . sincerely , the infj who has always ... keep to yourself , block out people who you think may cause conflict , pull people towards you who you feel won't cause you any stress or conflict . however , to an extent you cannot avoid conflict , it ... '