' welcome to the forums . istp and infp are verrry different types . luckily , there's a whole bunch of resources if you're interested on finding out which one is a real fit for you . ( istps are ... college is kicking my ass but i got free acid the other day so it kind of cancels out ? if there is a higher power , please have my roommate be a mom friend . my dumb ass needs a constant voice of reason and a designated driver . 65k a year , so 32.5 ish a semester . haha , believe me , i can't afford it either . i just got a ton of scholarships so i've only gotta pay like 5k . move in day is less than two weeks away . you would think that for a college with 65k tuition they'd at least have nicer fucking dorms . what is the budget going to ? the vegan food options ? i am exothermic , probably . i am so cold all the time . anyone else playing pokemon go ? team instinct represent . july 10th , and people are still setting off fireworks . por que you wear glasses ? yeah . it's okay though , i only use them to see . no . it's just you , op . you're the only one ever . i'm horribly , incorrigibly messy . for someone who was never meant for this world , i must confess i'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it . of course , they say every atom in our bodies was once part of a star . maybe i'm not ... hunter x hunter and natsume yuujinchou . if you were the pursuer , how do you compete with others ? a ) how would you present yourself to get attention ? any personal examples ? be open and friendly . not overly sure of myself , but casual to ... mango with some tajin and half of a questionable wal-mart chicken wrap . istps aren't really a rare breed here . i think we're the most active sps on the forum . if you like studying mbti , there's a bunch of resources here if you look . welcome , and have a good time . kinda . if i'm interested in them or if they piss me off . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRgWBN8yt_E i watched the biopic movie about ray charles today . jamie foxx is a great actor . i don't even remember this . i apparently also bought 15 dollars worth of mexican candy online as well . oh well . i saw nashville's fireworks last night , # 1 in the us-of-a . fucking downpoured and it ... im piss fucking drunk happy pre - america day it's weird moving to a new state and understanding i'll probably never - or maybe just rarely - see my friends from back home again . but then again i'm not being abused anymore which is probably a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYy0o-J0x20 is it possible to skype with people but not really say anything , just kind of browse the internet together ? that's what i want . same . probably because i'm so unorganized i'd lose everything i own in a large area . i worked out and now my entire body is screaming . fuck it . i'll be sore until 2017 if it means i'll get toned sure . everyone has nightmares . mine mostly consist of my body parts falling off . not sure what that says about me . isfp , infj , isfj , entj ... i don't seem to make friends with many thinker types , strangely enough . r . i . p my laptop june 3rd , 2012 - june 1st , 2016 may flocks of angels sing thee to thy rest watched gattaca in class today , now i finally know where that one super hipster quote comes from . for someone who was never meant for this world , i must confess i'm suddenly having a hard time ... intp above me . 1 . ) i am very successful , but rely mostly on my own talent . i don't like to work very hard . 2 . ) if i find out i have to do something , i'd rather do it sooner than later . taking ... freedom to do as i please . an unsurprising answer , lol . i don't like violence when i'm a part of the situation , mostly because my parents were violent , i think . but if it's other people fighting then that's fun to watch , whether its fictional or irl ... dude , that blows . my condolences . engineering is absolutely horrible , in my opinion . i prefer english or something regarding communications rather than math related fields . stem areas are convoluted in general . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMV2YQ6bmAI a comment says this is like getting high , having sex , falling in love and having an eat-n-sleep life . holy hell . i don't disagree . i talked a dude out of suicide recently . i've been getting i just didn't think you were the caring type . the fuck am i gonna do , let a dude die ? i know i'm an asshole , but really ? it wasn't even ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOF1sDZsFzI iga nephropathy . why do you wear baggy clothes if you're not fat ? why do you wear make-up if you're straight up ugly ? to be comfortable . racist and homophobic and transphobic people everywhere you turn , living in the south sucks , just let me go a day without hearing something stupid and ignorant they know about my medications and stuff .. ? i doubt that would affect my kidneys . it'd be more like if i was taking 200 advils a day - that'd be a reasonable cause . but i've just been living my ... i've been peeing blood for half a year and these damn doctors still don't know what's up , except that i for sure don't have lupus or an infection of any kind . they're talking about biopsy if they ... so , like , the internet ? why are there so many fuckin ' intuitives on this website ? ah yes , pride day . my aunt took me to a gay pride parade in chicago when i was over there . she thought i was depressed because my parents wouldn't accept my sexuality ( i had never said anything ... i'd much rather take your end of the deal . i hate milk and most dairy products anyways . i already have to take vitamin d supplements . oh no , i've got allergies ( dogs , cats , pollen , grapefruit , peanuts , any and all seafood , hazelnuts , macadamia nuts , kiwis ) that cause rashes and swelling . but that's not my skin's fault , just my ... i've got stretch marks on my hip area and knees , but that's pretty much it . moderate acne but it's only hormonal and goes away about as fast as it pops up . i dunno . i don't sunburn that easily ' cause ... 343105 took a selfie for this . my 17th birthday was a couple of days ago but i've still got that babyface goin ' on . when i was six , i was very hungry in the grocery store . my mom picked up an apple from our basket and told me to eat it because i kept complaining . i told her no , we have to buy it first and she ... if anxiety kicks in , just think that you'll probably never see that particular stranger again . '