' i'm good mates with one , she's awesome but she can get drain me emotionally very easily . she's great to be around if you agree with her but is an emotional whirlwind . liberal arts > maths much prefer t , any variety of nt would be ideal . i'm a rather analytical person and i find that more emotional people find the way i rationalize everything rather odd . i'm kinda seeing another ... i would like to second fredward , summarize my feelings exactly . to answer the original question i personally think i'm decent , but not good looking , and scrub up fairly well . i'm 5 foot 5 ... i feel the same way about cooking which i guess is sort of like diy but with yummy food . as a young intp lass carpentry and electronics were not particularly assessable for me so i never got into ... i honestly don't care about anybody enough to give them the title of my ' worst enemy ' . the people i do care about are people i like or have to like due to social convention . nope , straight laced goody two shoes here . but i have a feeling my preference for generally not causing trouble comes from upbringing rather than my personality . i quite like offensive humor especially paired with self deprecating jokes and i'm a fan of comedians frankie boyle and jimmy carr . they are meant to offend and question ourselves and what we find ... pretty average , maybe above average if a make an effort . i get attention if i dress myself up to get attention which is very rare but i don't get any overt attention , if any , from the opposite sex in ... i find myself most generally comfortable with infps , entps ( who are mighty fun ) and intjs . i once called a girl i knew that she was average looking when she was fishing for compliments because she was average looking . she wasn't very pleased and all the other girls stared at me as if i ... my father probably is a istj . socially awkward , clumsy , alone ( since all my friends went crazy at started taking drugs ) and rather depressed . those were the days :d ry : . intp - something to do with law like law reform or public policy . self preservation and basic instinct . animals are the same , chimpanzee's often rape and murder . great points . for me he is not the sort of politician who got into the whole business to genuinely help people or to change australia , in what they individually view , in a positive way . while most ... strangely i like the films that turn my brain off , like action flicks . those sort of films always send my brain an hyper drive and i usually find myself thinking rather unproductively about them for ... i went to a male oriented strip club as a straight female with somefriends . i found it to be a great place for people watching . agreed . on a side note . i have my own personal rules regarding hitting people . it's is not cool for anyone of any gender to hit another person unless it is in self defense . and when defending one's ... such is life . being a part of society comes with it's own issues and headaches , people are varied and different so it is little wonder that our society gives so many , often conflicting , messages . i ... no need to do that . there is a large difference between being a generally decent unoffensive person and being a sycophant . the saddest thing of all is that abbott is a oxford graduated rhodes scholar , and although he didn't get fantastic grades like other rhodes scholar prime ministers we have had like bob hawke he is ... depends on your country . i like to apply directly to the individual companies website , i feel like they are less likely to ignore my application . a bit over one hundred . i go to law school and everybody is either an nt or a st , with the occasional nf thrown in . internet dating is a big part of the dating scene like it or not . heaps and heaps of people are meeting thought it , many ordinary perfectly pleasant people . yes the general quality of the people is ... wow , well said well said . i feel the same way about the mob killing of rapists in india , it's just wrong to want somebody to die just because they disagree with you . i had a friend who like to talk ... what is mgtow anyway ? i hadn't heard of it until today . so far it reminds me of lesbian separatist movement ( i'm not saying that you guys are gay , it's just a radical feminist movement from the ... i think it is for some people and it isn't for some . as a feminist i've always seen it as an ignorance of men's issues rather than placing women above men . people want equality and they focus on the ... i certainly understand your point , most of my female friends have never faces discrimination , so i understand why they don't identify as feminist . i personally have , coming from a background that ... as an intp i admire your apathy and the level of distaste you show for both mgtow , which i didn't even know existed until today , and feminism . that being said i do believe the feminism you see is ... this is why i hate the whole feminist debate . i feel like it's the idiots teenage ' feminists ' that are the loudest voice to young people who have never really studied feminism . people are quick to ... i like the city i'm in right now , melbourne australia . preferably , i would live in the inner suburbs , close to everything but quite enough for some peace . i would love to live in an airy modernist ... you could try other forms of internet dating , tinder seems rather superficial . maybe joining a club or do what the person above me said . even joining something like a gym could be a pathway . actually there is very little equality in north korea . the people are organized into a class system called songbun depending on their family backgrounds , race as well as the political , behavioral and ... ah , you have misunderstood me as well . i don't think anybody is completely equal in a literal sense , nobody really does bar a few communists and certainly not most feminist i've meet . in the end i ... fair enough , that make sense . in all honesty i would could consider yourself a feminist by proxy but your reasons are perfectly legitimate and you have the right to choose your own label . personally , ... really depends on the individual . i love entp's myself , great company good fun . i haven't meet many people i would outright identify as entjs but the intjs i've meet can be intimidating . as a political realist and a person who studied history i don't really see most of my thoughts as dark , i just don't ignore or sugar coat the nastier side of reality . i used to have actual dark ... to be honest i don't think anybody does think people are perfectly equal or tries to fit everybody into a box , every regime and society that has tried have mostly failed or changed their ways ( ... why not a feminist though ? i see them as a same thing . feminism is a wide academic and philosophical field and while i do understand that some of the more radical feminists can have abrasive ideas ... i would consider my self a liberal feminist , a woman of the old blue stocking strain . however , i don't bother too much with the academic side of feminism , it gives me a bit of a head ache . i ... i'm 21 : happy : yes , i believe you're right . statistically there should be more sensors . however , the amount of sensors change according to where you are at university there seems to be a little less , in fact my ... have you tried applying for graduate only positions ? the ones where they train you up as a part of the deal . and do you have any useful connections that could help you ? i couldn't be bothered ... depends really , the level of pain , the length of time the pain last for and the type of pain . for me physical pain gives equals mental pain because physical pain usually just makes me angry as hell . ... thank goodness things are a little different in my country . we borrow from the government at practically no interest and don't have to pay it back until we make over average wage and when we do pay ... i have the same problem . i try to combat it by keeping myself busy and challenged . i tend to work very efficiently when i'm under a little bit of stress or when i block myself from distractions . i ... that's a good question . i think most of the time it's implied . like a person who inexplicably agreed beforehand to partake in a rape fantasy would 100 % not be a rapist , despite the cries of no . in ... intp probably something along the public policy , ngo , charitable organization or legal line . i want a job that challenges me intellectually while giving me an opportunity to try to make the ... i would hugely disagree with you . yes it was legal to rape back in the day , it happened a lot . but it's still rape , regardless of legality . the fact that people back in the day when referencing semi ... '