' eisbrecher ! glad to see them here :) listening to blue stahli :D https://youtu.be/t7OKs-zqxXA my fellow infj s . o . likes this also , we like the lyrics :) https://youtu.be/l9VFg44H2z8 so our second function , fe , i'd like to ask / discuss . i've found some people say extraverted feeling feels fake to them , like someone just trying to soothe the crowd and appease people . i think to ... lol yep ! :) :) http://youtu.be/MRKz3bl178w i wondered if i'm alone in this or not . it is like i can close my eyes and see that the fabric of reality is completely fake and all things are energy . the older i get the better i get at ' seeing ' . i ... still good advice , i was reading it in general going yes . the difference between i-inside out / your inner world of ideas and impressions or e-outer world of things and people ( in regards to mbti ) is just where you orient your energy , because of popular ... there are a lot of mistyped infj's online . that's why imo . not that people are trying to be but they are confused about what mbti means , and also agree with someone else that said more are online , ... of course the official test is better but barring that , what the strength of the pci or your scores mean is how sure you are or not of what you prefer . mbti is all about preference , everyone does ... that's actually really good advice , too bad i didn't hear that in my 20 ' s , lol . i can definitely agree with that statement :-) . lol . sorry but that really sounds like your situation was completely that * person * and not type based . how are you sure that girl was even an infj to begin with ? i had an entp obsessed with me but ... there aren't the same amount of infj's as there are intj's , most infj's online are mistyped , as well as a fair amount of intj's . i think if someone is seriously angry by someone else saying that's ... it's like a flash of sudden insight , sometimes it's within seconds , sometimes minutes , sometimes after about 20 minutes i'll get more flashes of details , that part is a bit random . who they are ... agreed ! i learned people will just deny it anyway and think you are a jerk if you point out who they really are . i just keep it to myself too and yep , they always do what i think they will , they ... i always know . right away and deeply , who someone is . i sometimes blind myself to it and make ' excuses ' for them romantically because i want to be wrong . i'm never wrong though about who someone is ... also i do notice i connect more easily and often with other intuitive's , i think we are all drawn to each other , so that's part of it also . i've met a fair amount in the field i work in ( i . t . ) but also , yes many are mistyped , same with infj's . i think an intj sounds more appealing to many people than an istj . i don't see why , both are ... that's great to have more good memories than bad , that's for sure :) aw , koala , nicknames are fun . oh .. well people say things during breakups they wouldn't normally , so that makes sense at least .  ... yes , thank you for the correction , you really are right , that is a better way to word it and more fair . yes , we do have more of an intellectual flair , i get along really well with intj's i think for ... i didn't come to that decision lightly , it came from a place of real data . i didn't mean to offend , maybe a better wording would be ' not a fit for me with that particular person ' : cool : edit to ... infj dominant function is ni-introverted intuition . :) funny you say this , this is exactly why i ' infj doorslammed ' the entp i mentioned , unfortunately . i've met one entp and it was hard not to be attracted to him but he was a bit unhealthy . this had nothing to do with type , i'm curious about entp's personal experiences also , hence , checking it out ... yes .. i'm a bit random , hehee well .. glad to hear it then * runs and hides behind couch * :D nafatali , of course * blush * first , yeah i know it's poetry and hi :p roud : there was joke in another forum that if one were to write poetry for intj or nt types that it should be tailored to them , so i wrote this and a few intj ... enfp / infj is intoxicating . i see zero reason to fight it ;) enfj's are more ' chill extroverts ' that i've noticed . i was mistyping myself as an enfj before i was officially typed , it can get confusing because how you see yourself and what you value ( i valued ... nah , he was an enfj when you don't want to be because that would mean less people would understand you .. well i've dated about 6 intj's , i didn't know it at the time until the most recent ex . i didn't say the person was soul sucking , i said that trying to change and adapt is . after a year or more it ... yes . absolutely and all the time . ( for me of course ) yes . absolutely and all the time . i meet more infj's than enfj's , it makes me wonder sometimes which one is more rare .. http://youtu.be/AIjVpRAXK18 well i'll be able to tell in awhile more , getting mbti certified in november ;) i know one other , know about 4-5 infj's though , but they kind of gravitate towards my type of religion . i suspected my friend might be an nf and asked him to take test , was enfj :) my intj friend just said : tell him its from an intj that wishes him only the best and that his purpose will come to him as he grows into it . http://youtu.be/ZQNj3thCdco you did not go too far or say to much * hug * please don't ever think that telling others your thoughts will result in some kind of backlash , it does depend on where you say things but i think you are ... how to get an intj to talk to you ? completely ignore them and be happy doing your own thing . the only downside to this is you will be into your own stuff and a bit annoyed when they finally do come ... for me , if i'm not responding then it's always for a reason . i'm a single mom with a demanding job and i still find the time to respond to people so i don't buy anyone's excuse of being too busy , ... i thought to pm you but then since you so openly discussed things it inspires me to do the same :) the more i use and believe in it the stronger i come to feel that my problems in reality are not ... oh so for me i got on functions test : by focusing on the strongest configuration of cognitive processes , your pattern of responses most closely matches individuals of this type : infj extraverted ... figure , oh great ! i know what you mean a bit i think :) i never did take a functions test . i'll look around for it , thanks :) and edit because : i question it because i get along with so many intj's , either i'm a super weird enfj ( possible ) ... thanks figure , that's really interesting and i definitely understand where you are coming from . i've only myself met one other enfj and in a social setting so i didn't really get to get deep into ... thank you . i really appreciate your well thought out response . hm .. the entj and infj you mention as a comparison i find interesting because i know of an intj and his two sisters do not get along ... i was wondering if any of you have personal experience with both , and which you prefer / get along with best ? i tend to meet a fair amount of intj's and get along well , wondered if any of your ... '