sure they can be friends . but in most cases one if not both want more than friendship . i would never cheat on someone i am in love with and loves me back . that being said i did cheat on my ex wife more than once . it wasn't about having casual sex though not into that i was seeking ... sadly i started drinking exactly for that reason . now i do it because its delicious and good for you . im very open minded to new things and ideas as long as they fit into my value system . very closed minded to things that dont to the point of fleeing a debate or argument and possibly ending a ... i am unbeatable at ping pong and foosball but i never talk smack . just say good game and ask to play again drives my friends insane lol . i enjoy going go clubs on occasion but only as an observer . actually i prefer a bar setting one with a croud but not so crowded that i dont have my own space . live music is the key for me . a cold ... i have 3 cats and i love them my male friends thinks it odd that im a single man with cats but i dont care what they think cats are cool they are sneaky and remind me of woman lol good thanks for asking true and i appriciated all of you all's responses , opinions and acknowledgements . a lil understanding and a few kind words goes a long way even if if they come from faceless friends . thank you all fyi i tried that for a couple weeks a few months ago and it didn't affect her in the slightest all it did was made me feel like i was going to explode because i couldnt get my feelings out . the way i ... those words are important to me too and hopefully one day she will say them freely but they aren't so important to hear that i give up on the best thing in my life because i dont hear them . she does express her feelings to me in of her ways she even calls me love as a pet name not to go into too much detail about her personal life but she has been hurt by past relationships more than ... i think she knows i have told her but its as equally uncomfortable for her to verbalize as it is for me to hear it so i just keep on telling her and she just keeps on giving me a kiss or responding ... not exactly what i asked guys but appriciated none the less . you dont always get what you ask for . yeah well thanks anyway . hope you are wrong . she is an estx she scores 50/50 on perceiving and judging . just curious how many of you all have dealt with this . i have told my girlfriend that i love her once a day for 8 months and she never sais it back . i know she does love me we are planning on moving ... its weird for me it seems like all the relationships where the ladies loved me i didnt love them back and the ones i have loved truly didnt love me back . my current girlfriend of 9 months i love to ... i have the feeling but on a much smaller scale . there are plenty of areas i haven't seen within a hundred miles of where i live . hell taking a different trail in the woods not far from my house and ... dont particularly like cooking for myself but do enjoy cooking for my girlfriend really enjoy it when we work together preparing a dish . given the thought you have put into this my guess is infp in a growth stage but im really new to the whole typing thing . i too am an infp but its easy for me to cross over to enfp given my mood or ... infp here with a very healthy libido . im a lil more reserved probably when it come to initiating physical contact with my partners but im good looking enough that that hasn't been a problem for me ... infp my first visit to my enfp brothers and sisters but dunno why tho we have so much in common pretty sure im an introvert but it only takes a strong cup of coffee a monster energy drink ot ... reviving an old thread because the topic is where my head is at right now . i have mimicked others my whole life to the point of an identity crisis a few years ago im a 9 by the way . like others i am ... good advice thanks all how the hell do you indent from your phone lol i cant figure it out . lol didnt realize i was being graded . ... ok so my estx girlfriend calls me up yesterday and sais she wants to get out of the house and go on a date . im like hell yeah the chance to go to a pub get some good food and a few pints of ... somehow i ended up working in a federal prison . i effing hate it loud ass people everywhere if i could go back i would have been a biologist or an archeologist or a paleontologist . i spend all of ... people who fail to plan for the future dont have a future . maybe that's one of the reasons they got left in the past with only a handful of offspring from matings with modern humans living on to pass ... yes and at the end of my day too . come to think of it quiet at all times of the day would be nice lol that's like asking a redhead if souls are delicious of course they are . functioning light sabors its like scientist aren't even working on them . the sad part is only intuitives get the hint . lol and they aren't usually the ones that cause problems . i use to have loud outburst when i was younger but never wanted to it was usually when i was backed into a corner not physically but verbally attacked for being different . i would be quiet taking ... lol i have a huge noggin too . one size fits all my ass dont know my exact measurements but i have to wear xxl hats or 7 7/8 fitted . who else has big heads lol ? hats ok this might ruffle a few feathers given that infps are known to be more spiritual than scientific but . well one of my favorite subjects of study is paleoanthropology . i love biology and nature and ... honestly after giving it a lil thought i really do love being an infp and the crazy part is i dont have to wonder what it would be like to be another type . myself and most infps in general are really ... i feel the same way love who i am just wish i didnt have to stress over bills and whatnot . to me talking on the phone is so awkward even to people im close to . im not much of a talker to begin with but throw on top of that you cant look a person in the eyes and read their body language ... lol a buddy asked me the same question the other day . when i was young before the internet i spent hours reading the encyclopedia britannica my mother bought me . and watched star trek scifi movies ... was hoping to see more videos dont be scared people only everyone will be analyzing you lol very interesting thread . i agree with the op about rambling out thoughts while speaking vs . taking the time to think about just the right way to express your thoughts and feelings in writing . i ... had to post one time before i could post a video . sorry this is a filler post the next one is good good thread couple more i have all kinds of weird shit i have made over the years is spurts of creativity . comments ready go lol . becoming a person means the individual moves towards being . knowingly and acceptingly , the process which inwardly and actually is . he moves away from being what he is not , ... i find it amusing that there are far more infps responding to this thread than estjs especially given it's in the estjs section . and here i am another infp asking the same question . i am dating an ... i respect you guys for not getting all worked up over some silly little sentimental thing . i wish i could turn it off sometimes lol .