' has anyone seen this ( it's only 4 minutes long ) ? does it strike a chord with you ? it sure did for me ... http://vimeo.com/70534716 i totally get where you are coming from , but lately have started to find a little peace around this issue through reading about non-duality and light / shadow stuff . we all have a good and bad side . ... very nicely written ! you obviously put a lot of thought into this . i'd like to suggest a book that i think is very relevant and would be useful to this discussion : the joseph communications : ... yeah , i really think that is an infp thing . i've found over the years that meditation helps , as well as dabbling in some of the buddhist philosophies . i was raised in a very judgmental home ... this book is really more of a ' view of existence ' for infps , but i found it incredibly profound . it's kind of new-agey , but to me , it explained so many things about society and the state of the ... hi fellow infps , i've read a lot of stuff that talks about our sensitivity and a tendency toward depression , but ... have you seen anything that talks about prevalence of bipolar in infps ? i think ... hiya group , i've posted before , but just love this song - one of the members of our group actually composed it too ... ( watch in hd ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj--PjD8PkM ronnie i know infps are sensitive to music , art , etc . , but do you ever read a book and literally nearly lose yourself in it ? i read a novel over the weekend that i identified with so strongly ( about ... one of our own wrote this - i've posted the link before , but it's worth posting again ... why we feel lonely , part 1 | infp blog why we feel lonely , part 1 | thoughts on the infp personality type ... i was nearly done with my music degree when i realized how many talented people there were out there , and decided to also get a sciences degree . i've worked in the sciences my whole career , but a ... so ... i posted before , but couldn't resist one more . my current group sings the title song sure on this shining night in this documentary trailer ( hint : go to change quality icon and watch it in ... ok - i was at a party last night with my wife , and after a few hours ( as usual ) i maxed out on my extroverting quotient . somehow i keep thinking that i will ' get over it ' and be able to comfortably ... did you hear about the infp that was a dyslexic agnostic insomniac ? he lays awake at night and wonders if there's a dog ... hi all , i don't hang out too much in perc , even though i've been a member for quite a while , mostly because of the group demographic ( i'm in my early 50 ' s , and i would guess the median age to be ... the human voice . i am from the united states but all of my grandparents emigrated from sweden . sometimes i feel more like a swede than an american . i think the infps can be excellent leaders , but it can be very hard on the infp themself . i think that enfps are probably better suited to it , at least in western cultures , where the e traits are ... when i was first dating someone that got serious enough to discuss marriage - i was pretty adamant that i did not want kids . however , the more we talked about it , i finally saw the possibility . ... well ... as someone who is over 50 ( ! ) ... 1 . be yourself . really think about that . be true to who you are . 2 . work to live . don't live to work . money is great , but seek balance . no one will ... this isn't my work ( it's bono's ) , but i am singing the solo ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOJk1fmh9XU the u . s . , but i'm kind of swedish , since all my grandparents emigrated from sweden to the u . s . mine is to compose a beautiful piece of choral music and have it performed by world-renowned groups . i used to smoke a lot of weed when i was younger , then i stopped for about 10 years . i started again , but only occasionally ( say once per month ) . i've been finding lately , though , that for a couple ... i agree with meetup ! i actually just started my own group this week and had a great time . i'm over 30 and have two friends that i've known for many years and still spend a ' lot ' of time with . i put ' lot ' in simply because people who are busy in their careers and raising kids are busy - ... funny , i was just having this conversation with a friend yesterday . many of the repeated mentions are ones i can identify with - fear of abandonment , etc . , but the more i thought about it - i think ... because all the open positions for underwater nude photographers were taken . that's a hard question . when i was in college , my first degree was in music , and the further i got into it , i thought to myself geez , there are a lot of really talented people out there ... i ... consider using some flower essences like pink yarrow - known for helping establish ' harder ' personal boundaries . a psychic bubble if you will . yes . i have lived this for more than 50 years , so i get it . i think it's a great thing that you've started to figure it out , though . i recently read a book that i think you may find interesting - ... singing a gorgeous a capella choral piece - being surrounded by other human voices - here's my group doing one last year ... lyrics to make music sweet : iii . rain has fallen all the day by jenni ... i've been dealing with it for more than 30 years , and i think the single most helpful book i've ever seen is called the chemistry of joy . it's not what it may sound like - doesn't advocate for ... i've always been somewhat of an entrepreneur , but i really think it comes from having a father that was one also . when i first began in the ' business world ' , i kind of got a kick out of getting out ... i run a consulting business that is mostly offline , some online . i don't really think it matters which in terms of staying motivated - self-employment requires it regardless . needing to provide for ... dare to be aware - i like that . well ... i certainly don't claim to be an expert , but i've done more than my share of introspection . some may call in navel gazing . whatever . re loosing the demons ... search back through the infp forums for a post on friendships by infpblog - i thought he did a great job on his blog of defining why infps struggle with friendships , and gave some great pointers too . to everyone that replied - i truly wasn't fishing for father's day wishes myself , but thanks for those all the same . for those of you who have lost their dads - i did too 8 years ago , and i miss him ... dear infps : if you haven't wished your dad a happy father's day yet , it's time to make that phone call . regardless of your issues ( unless it was an abusive relationship - i'll give you that ) , ... what denomination do you identify with ( if any ) ? i was also raised baptist , but could be nothing further from that now . i only feel that i am a christian in that i admire the teachings that jesus ... i have no words of wisdom , other than you should consider that life is cyclical - sometimes you're up , sometimes you're down . kind of like the stock market . you can always watch this ... oh yes , i know all about that feeling . the exceptionally annoying one is when you go somewhere and see someone that you have met or been introduced to ten times , and when you talk to them they have ... one of my sports coaches in high school called me a pansie , and i responded f * # ( you , and quit . if being a male pansie is frowned upon by society , i'm fine with that . my sister tells me you're ... yes , this is something i have struggled with my whole life . i would highly recommend a book called the introvert advantage ; author's last name is laney . at least intellectually , it helps put the ... yes , that sucks , when you are down in the pits . part of infpness is self-introspection , though . and just the fact that you recognize the things in yourself that you'd like to change or work on ... i guess it depends on whether or not ' sharing ' includes with a therapist . i spent about 5 years in group and individual therapy , and shared a lot . i share quite a bit with friends , but i must say ... this is an interesting thread . i agree totally with the premise , but of course like everything else in life - it is a balancing act . i was laid off from a job right after i found out my wife was ... i know a lot of infps self-identify as highly sensitive people - makes me wonder - how many of you think the world has gotten a lot noisier ? i am sitting in a coffee shop right now as i type this ... b . a . music b . s . nuclear medicine technology m . s . environmental health that if i asked jesus to forgive my sins and ' come into my heart ' , i would magically live forever in bliss . so ... i posted about depression yesterday , and since went to see a healer i go to occasionally , and he said that i am very ' energetically sensitive ' to what is going on in the world . he then went on ... '