' i'm loud , i speak fast , and i am an intj . so ... maybe these characteristic do not have anything to do with type ... digital radio - jazz . no ads , just music , uninterrupted and beatiful while travelling on my own on far away lands . he sat next to me on a bus and ended up talking and travelling together for days after that . it was along time ago . the relationship lasted for a very ... i get along very well with all the infps i have known . although with none of them i have become friends i've never been good at rote memorization . while i majored in history , i could never remember battles / dates / ' memorable people involved in those kinds of events . on the other hand , analysis of the ... trump strikes me as a promoter / entertainer - estp / esfp right now as i am interested in current affairs , i find out i need a wooping 250 posts ! i would like to learn chinese too , but there doesn't seem to be many takers ... as an intj i have found that most of my friends over the years have been istjs . some times the relationship has been short lived but in some occasions it has lasted for decades . so , what do you ... same as green girl , i don't gossip or antagonise . i try to be diplomatic and tactful with toxic people and will let my supervisor know what's going on , without being overwhelming . nevertheless , ... i , too , share this view . i'd like to add that this event will help you to know and understand your business partner much better and this information will come in handy to you in the future when ... i am the mother of 2 boys . now they are 23 and 20 . my experience was varied to say the least . for one thing , it took me 28 years before i could bring myself to have the first one . with both ... big history : the big bang , life on earth , and the rise of humanity by david christianthese series of lectures raises very interesting questions regarding ways of understanding history , humanity and ... main : visual equal : auditory and kinesthetic thank you seralya , i laughed so much at a stubborn old fart with a generic distaste for change . it sounds so true ! i hope this line shakes him up as much as it made me laugh ! : crazy : cheers ! this is an interesting and fairly accurate way of describing my friend situation . the limits and borders are changing and power associated with a position is no longer a guaranty of respect ... thank you for your reply . you do raise several very good points . firstly , i do agree it is not the new guy's fault . he just happens to be the face of the change closest to my friend . the new ... finagle my friend also use passive aggressive behaviour . but , right now , this is making the balance tip against him . i wish i could find a way to help him . but it looks like he'll have to ride ... yes , i think my friend is reacting to the bossyness . how do you handle the ones who are bossy ? have you had to deal with any in a work situation ? and how about if he was an estp ? how do you get ... they both work in different departments and my friend department must work closely with the other one . my friend is the manager of his department and has for years worked in a particular way . but ... a new estp ( or entj ? ) at work who is becoming a raising star is giving much grievance to my istp friend . i don't understand how or why my friend is reacting so badly to him . being much younger ( 30 ... agree quality time and acts of service . estp because of se claussen , thank you for your comments . i tried the coffee and it took me half an hour to get away from her . i tried leaving some nice chocolates on her desk . and she enjoyed that very much . but ... i hitchhiked my way along many roads on my own or with 2 other girlfriends in the 70s and 80s . one of the most interesting times of my life ! the big five personality test : openness 84 - you enjoy having novel experiences and seeing things in new ways . conscientiousness 92 - you are very well-organized , and can be relied ... i very much agree with this comment ( bold ) . i was actually married to an estj for a long time . the best times where when we talked and debated any topic that came to light . we also used to travel ... first : spanish second : french third : english i can also communicate in italian hold a decent conversation in portugese ( brazilian ) and a smattering of german . i'm not very worried about ... i too feel very much like this these days ! thanks for your post nyn . also i like my determination . just like someone else said , when i decide on a goal , i accomplish it , end of story . and i ... lately i like organizing people to do unsual activities with me . recently , i organized the ride 2work day in my workplace . out of about 50 potential candidates , 4 ended up participating . i ... up to mid mid 20 ' s i knew i would never have children . i didn't think i knew what to do with those things . they ate funny stuff , they could not tell what they needed or what was hurting . they ... my divorce was emotional enough for me . i could / would not talk about it to anyone . when the time came to take time off work to move house , boss and collegues could not believe the reason ! :d ry : yes , that is always a possibility . i sometimes have considered it . although mostly it seems to be a result of lack of emotional support . she needs plenty of it . when i comply , work is smoother but ... we are a small team of 3 : intj as team leader , an istj and an esfj . communicating instructions and clarifying tasks is easy and efficient with istj . once the job requirements are understood , off ... i like to go to the gym 5 times a week . i will walk some 10km one day of the weekend and ride long distance ( > 80km ) the other day . my diet consist of everything and anything as long as it ... the super-intellectual variant - becoming cold and distant - showing no emotion to others - shutting down feelings and increasing factual analysis the thats illogical variant - continuous ... mother tongue is spanish . i'm also fluent in french and english . can manage a conversation in italian and portuguese ( brazilian ) and a smattering of german . visual no doubts . i enjoy reading the lectures and summarizing in my own words ( or by completing assignments / essays ) . auditory only when tutorials promote debate and bringing up the ideas you are ... vivaldi , rodrigo and mozart are my favourites but i like many more composers . there are so many to choose from ! anarchy :p roud := all rules , laws , regulations ... need to be shaken and reshaped periodically for humanity to advance . or else stagnate and die best lol i've had in ages ! i do like istps sense of humour . thanks aeiou : laughing : thanks again intrish for your comments ! you describe it all with such fun : laughing : ! why didn't it work out ? was it just the lack of good conversation or some other reasons ? thank you for your comments . and , yes i have looked at him and he responded very well to that . but haven't asked me out yet ! : unsure : for now , i guess i'll just wait ... oh yes , we do . most of my childhood is also a blank . and can very well stay like that ! 1.omnivore 2.intj is an istp male good match for an intj female ? if yes , how to break through both being introverted ? any ideas ? fashion ? whatever feels right for the day . although sometimes i like to dress just to shock peoples preconceptions about how i shpould be dressed like . how very truth :p roud : same here . hi '