' what kinds of conversations do you enjoy the most ? edit : a lot of the replies seem to say the shorter the conversation , the better ... that's good to know , but could you imagine any kind of ... two thoughts i'd like to offer : 1 ) if you're dissatisfied with how the intp is responding , then it would be completely fine for you to stop mediating for him . honestly , he probably doesn't care ... just in general , i try to express it when i don't like something . not necessarily by directly saying so , but by expressing reluctance , or doubt , or whatever - - the point is that i want a ( reasonably ... do you form judgments about people shortly after meeting them ? or do you withhold judgment until you've interacted with them more ? what do you judge people on ? i think it rocks to be me , actually . my highest personal value is truth . i always seek to know the truth ( which is always more useful than ignorance ) , and it helps when other people speak truthfully to me . what separates your close friends from your average friends or acquaintances ? but what if they choose to talk about conventional topics , despite having interesting ideas , because they don't know anything about you yet and that's what most people want to talk about ? ( okay , ... a 4000 word essay on what subject ? and what would the interview entail ? in your experience , with most people who wanted to be friends with you , were you willing to be friends with them , or not ? which fictional characters have inhumanly good fe ? ( bonus points if they're not an unrealistically idealized character without any flaws . ) do you have a long-term plan for your life ? in what areas ( career , relationships , etc . ) ? is it important to you to stick to the plan , or do you expect that you'll probably end up changing it ? same ! but i wonder why intps are willing to forgive but not forget , while intjs are willing to neither forgive nor forget ? i've found that reading a book often helps me really experience a certain way of thinking . i appreciate your recommendations . :) i've found that reading a book often helps me really experience a certain way of thinking . i appreciate any and all recommendations . :) thanks for the recs ! i read stargirl years ago , but i don't remember the details anymore ... i'll give it another look . what type do you think stargirl is ? ( do you think she's an infp , or is it the ... i've found that reading a book often helps me really experience a certain way of thinking . i appreciate your recommendations . :) i've heard a lot of intjs say that when their trust is broken , you'll never get it back , while intps don't seem to make a point of saying that . are intps more willing to forgive than intjs ? why would ... i thought it'd be interesting to read an autobiography by an intp , to see how their type developed and maybe learn things that i could apply to my own type development . any recommendations ? ... we could probably learn a lot by reading a biography of someone of our own type who did really well in life , so that we can use it as an example / inspiration for our type development . what ... hmm , what's your anchor ? if it's not too much trouble , i'd love to hear a specific example . but if it's too much trouble , don't worry about it . :) haha , that reminds me of a quote i read once , sad is happy for deep people . :) ( i think it's paraphrased from doctor who . ) i feel that way sometimes , too . what kinds / applications of philosophy are you interested in , then ? i know that philosophy tends to be an n interest , but i wonder if there are any sps who are into philosophy ? if so , why do you find it interesting ? who are your favorite philosophers ? i know that philosophy tends to be an n interest , but i wonder if there are any sjs who are into philosophy ? if so , why do you find it interesting ? who are your favorite philosophers ? thanks for your thoughts ! does this mean that you can feel happy whenever you want , by listening to happy music ? so it's stuff that's hard to summarize ? but that makes it more interesting . :) and do they have different political styles ? that's interesting - - do you usually try to hurt back people who hurt you ? my impression was that intps are not very retaliatory . and do they take different approaches toward philosophy , and if so , how are they different ? are there any isfps who have no interest in art or have no artistic talents ? i feel like i know what you mean by the scary stage of a relationship , but i'm curious to know how you'd define it . this is a pretty significant problem for me , to the extent where it's one of my primary stressors in life ( to be fair , i have a good life overall ) ... especially when things are going well in general ... would you still remember it months later ? that's interesting - - do you mean someone telling you that you seem emotionally vulnerable ? does that happen a lot ? should i interpret this to mean that you believe that you have no emotional weaknesses at all ? when you create improved theories that work better , do you have any interest in popularizing your improved version , so that others can use it too ? i have a friend who types himself as intj , but who seems like an intp to me . another intj friend , i initially guessed was entj ( has very strong leadership skills and is involved in starting / leading ... intjs have an image of being a rational type that isn't susceptible to being hurt by others . but we all have ' chinks in the armor ' , so to speak . in what situations are you prone to getting hurt ? we like to think of ourselves as rational people who aren't very susceptible to being hurt by others . but where are our weak points ? in what situations are we prone to getting ( emotionally ) hurt ? what's your experience with mindfulness meditation ? by sensitive , i mean more likely to be hurt by something that someone did . or are they sensitive in different ways ? if so , how are they different ? that's interesting that you'd say that chess is an ni game ! i hadn't thought of it that way , but it makes sense . and i guess ni + te types do best . i've wondered every now and then why i'm not ... i'm quite comfortable with ti , ne , and even fe . but i've never paid much attention to my si , and i've recently noticed that it's probably a weak point / blind spot of mine . what can i do to develop it ? ... examples of theories ? i'd love to have created something like mbti , for instance - a generalization of human behavior . as an intp , i like creating theories of how things work ( the more generalized and broadly applicable , the better ) . is that an intp thing , or do intjs like to do that too ? how do intjs relate to ... do you / have you had a crush on any celebrities or fictional characters ? what attracted you to them ? egotistical ... but intp is my favorite . i find the estp type intriguing . se and ti seem rather opposing to me ( se - sensory details , ti - logic ) , and with se / ti dominant / auxiliary , it's a bit hard ... have you been great friends with a type that wasn't supposed to be compatible with yours ? i'd love to hear about what the friendship was like ( what you guys did together , what you liked and didn't ... '