' thank you , deprecator , for consistently being a voice of reason in this thread . oh , also , i really did enjoy that aspect of drain the swamp he had during his campaign . i don't agree with his policies on immigration or health care , or the environment , but it was really nice to ... i am personally not a fan of trump's personality , from what i've seen of it on television . he strikes me as one of those people who taut themselves as tough-minded and blunt but really just use that ... trust me , if they keep the conversations going for an hour or so , you are by no means bothering them . i can't think of a time when i'd entertain a conversation with a single person for an hour ... how would you define a good person ? and a bad person ? i would define them by the sum of their actions and words . an abusive person , to me , is a bad person . can a person be both innocent ( no ... i believe it's reasonable to be proud of your personal accomplishments . i don't view pride in one's nation or race as explicitly necessary , but it makes sense in the context of racism , that racial ... in order to consider this question , you do need to define all of those things . otherwise , you're describing a single act of sexual violence , and not actively asking should rapists be castrated .  ... how would you act if someone you're really really sexually intrigued and intimidated by is around ? i would act the same around them as i act around everyone else . how would you act around such a ... right , but there is no gray area , because the legal definition ( ergo , the crime , and therefore , the criminal ) of rape doesn't require genitals . so , yes , this literally means that your original ... this still makes no sense to me . in your ideal society , you'd castrate men who rape ( with their penises ) and ... do what , to everyone else ? the situation even posited for this debate is ludicrous , ... be kind . this is entirely false , and contributes to the overall assumption that rape victims are damaged goods who can never recover from their experiences . most rape victims would rather be rape victims than ... you don't need genitals to be a rapist . rape in and of itself is a crime of power , not of sex , so it's a moot point to assume that castration will prevent anything . not only that , but it's directly ... oh , yeah . a pack every couple days . marry : entj kiss : esfj bed : insp ( ? ? ? is this like fucking an alien ? ? ? ) estp istp infj hemingway , for sure . advances taken the wrong way , how ? like , romantically ? just be yourself and chill with him . if he makes a move , be blunt and let him know you're not interested . ( or , if you are interested , let him ... ok , i figured as much but was not quite certain . i do think that it still applies , because ( and this is not my view , for the most part , i'm not expecting a paraplegic to run the 100 mile dash , ... can you be more specific ? are you asking if i discriminate against disabled people ? i believe discrimination is an attempt to determine if a particular person poses harm , or detracts in some way from society . this comment for the record is not to suggest that certain parties are ... i just read the description of that type and i had to laugh . tru tho . truly , though , thank you for your comment malandro ! i'm looking into this type , now . i definitely resonate with some ... a little of everything . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROUXV-8scJs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Y-8zQp6a9g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeRaGG1W8zY ... it depends on how you define forgiveness . i am able to let go of anger , resentment and frustration exceptionally easily ( when the subject of said emotions is human ) , but i will always hold people ... this thread is very interesting to me . as an stp , i find that i really do only get along with other sps , or ntjs who are willing to respect my space and personal integrity . ntjs like that need to ... not precisely . it is more like , being in a place where you are unable to utilize your analytical abilities . not being intellectually stimulated , not having anything to focus your internal magnifying ... when i am bored , i am consumed with the urge to generate-create-play-move . i get very physically restless , and the desire to exert energy rages supreme . i'm a ti-dom and i enjoy rping . creating all of the details of a character's past and personality , constructing personal histories , developing worlds , languages and lore , are all very satisfying to ... traits i fit : adrenaline junkie lack of commitment calm and collected exploring , curious hating limits / don't tread on me individualistic logical aptitude ( software , not hardware , ... disclaimer : i've taken a few tests that have yielded different results . the most popular results seem to be 9 , or 9w8 , but i've gotten high percentages in 7w8 and 8w9 . i do relate to the description ... sarah : istp alison : estj rachel : esfj krystal : infj helena : isfp cosima : intp beth : istj mk : infj me christy christ , jung was evidently not a ti-user . these paragraphs are mind-blowingly dense , but if i had to guess , i would say that he's attempting to demonstrate not that ti literally represents ... ti . it depends on what is meant by the term images . i've never heard of ti being particularly visual , or reliant on visual imagery . more that ti describes an internal system of facts , opinions , beliefs ... te is concerned with external systems and facts . ti is concerned with internal systems and consistency . https://i.pinimg.com/originals/83/fb/e9/83fbe9ba4fa51f57aafa3f836afcfcac.gif truth is consistency . none of this follows a rational , linear mindset whatsoever . i support rehabilitation of offenders so that they do not aggress again , thereby reducing the number of victims of violent crime in the ... why wouldn't you do this . that's the real question . this argument seems somewhat specious , as it's in overall society's best interest to improve the quality of prisons and prisoner treatment , while moving away from a culture which will , in the end , ... disclaimer : i found this questionnaire on reddit and decided to fill it out . also included the scenarios in case i didn't provide enough information in the first section . i've always very strongly ... the reason why this wouldn't work is the same reason why prisons under the retributive model have historically proven to be less than effective in preventing crime , and why countries with the ... agreed , sensational . you don't need genitals to be a rapist . all you are doing in this instance is perpetrating acts of aggravated abuse against another human being , which will not provide you with any useful results . predatory behavior is ingrained starting ... it honestly doesn't matter if it's a mental illness or not . as long as you aren't hurting anybody , you should be free to modify your body and identify how you see fit . there is nothing morally wrong ... the problem is , academic achievement isn't necessarily correlated to intelligence . many people struggle scholastically but have higher than average iqs . your problem seems to be that you are ... assertiveness is the healthy medium . i don't believe we're born as good or evil . we develop and grow based on our exposure to caregivers , education , morality , law and structure . the more civilized and enlightened a society is , the less ... not precisely , but people of the same social class and employment background stick together . it wouldn't surprise me to learn that there were in fact groups of ultra-rich attempting to manipulate ... no . our justice system should be rehabilitative , not retributive . castration will not prevent someone who has developed the mentality of a predator from abusing people . '