' the internet makes me hate people more than i already do . :d ry : going out to buy weather stripping . it's like 6 ° f here and that is ridiculous . plus my balcony door is so drafty and my furnace is kicking on twice an hour . i was feeling better for about a day or two but now i'm panicking and depressed again about my new job ( that i haven't even started yet ) because it pays so little and i can't afford anything , but ... perhaps think of it as a resting day or mental health day ? my lime gelatin was abnormally watery . it's cold in my apartment . i have nothing in particular to do tomorrow , but maybe i should ... i always get dressed properly , unless i'm sick . i might be very casual if i'm home all day , but i do get dressed . i feel better about myself when i put effort into my appearance . no , this is a good thread . i've spent too many long years hating myself and denying it , then recognising it , and then wallowing in it . something that i rewrote on an index card , the original was ... thanks . i called my dad today and had a good chat with him about it . he's supportive , at least . i found a few books at the library toward rebuilding self-esteem and making the best of mediocre ... i got the job today . i should be happy , but i'm not . it doesn't pay enough . and it's technically temporary until april or so and i can't miss work even if i'm sick once during that entire time or my ... i struggle . a lot , recently , due to circumstances . and i started a medication in september that did nothing and started fluoxetine today in its place , so right now it feels like i'm not on ... sexy is subjective , as i tend to like beanpoles and dislike overly muscled men . but this was a good post . thanks for the mood lift ! they want me to do another interview tomorrow but what's the point , honestly . it's another $ 10 / hour job with no benefits and i just don't fucking care . the only reason i agreed to go was because my ... i've had depression and anxiety issues since i was diagnosed at 17 ( am 25 now ) and this is what i'm doing as treatment : exercise 3-4 times per week , aerobic and resistance training ( i usually ... also my avatar on animal crossing is kind of awesome - pink hair with ponytails and she's wearing a green blazer . haha . i start prozac tomorrow morning and she gave me the regular dose ( 20 mg ) and i'm so scared of having side effects ; and also i'm supposed to cut my remeron in half tonight and i'm scared of the ... thanks , i start it tomorrow . psychiatrist also wants me to go through with applying for unemployment benefits because i was laid off my temp job like two months early and i've been in a pit of ... seeing my psychatrist , probably getting a new medication . i'm feeling hopeful yet apprehensive , because i always have side effects from meds . i don't want a repeat of zoloft . i forgot to mention that remeron has caused me to gain eight pounds and i am miserable , upset , and crying . paxil did the same . i'm not overweight , but i feel like it now . i just wanted to feel ... i'm kind of scared about starting a new medication ( again , for the fifth time ) but i have to . this one isn't working . and i always tend to have side effects . lexapro made me so fatigued and drowsy , ... going to call in tomorrow and ask to switch to wellbutrin . has anyone here taken it ? probably . i can't afford prolonged therapy , though . also i think i need to be forthright with my psychiatrist / therapist and tell them that i think i have regular depression , not just something secondary . and i don't think the medicine is working . :/ i wish i could stop being so irritable . another thing is that i'm probably starting a new job next week and i'm not excited about it at all . the pay isn't good and there aren't any benefits . and ... i get irritated and annoyed by people and things far too easily and it's something that i truly hate about myself . maybe it's another reason why i tend to withdraw . i don't want to snap at people or ... amc is marathoning hitchcock films . just watched psycho and now the birds . :p roud : i still feel heavy and lethargic for no reason . the only thing i can think of is i didn't take my vitamin d supplement today or last night , but that's not really a plausible cause . on the other ... i need to go for a run and lift weights but i feel sleepy and so oddly disconnected . i'm not sure if it's just me or if it's something my medication is doing to me , but it's sort of like being ... carpe diem - seize the day . my uncle also used to say very often , it is what it is . i say it as well because it promotes acceptance of the things that cannot be changed , and this is something ... hannibal i used to watch the office ( i ignore anything after season seven though ) , arrested development ( seasons one and two ) , parks and recreation ... i haven't been emotionally invested in ... does anyone know when the second season starts ? i know 2014 but the exact date would be helpful . i probably have a realistic outlook on the world , maybe a cautiously optimistic one . i think most people are generally good and want to do good . we're an inherently flawed species like any other , but ... i have difficulty being open because i have social anxiety and i have been betrayed by people i thought were friends in the past , not to mention i was bullied as a child . i have difficulty in being ... don't worry . don't worry . do not worry . also : college is not all it's made to be . i was unhappy for most of the time i spent in it . i'm 25 . i have $ 17,000 owed in loans as of right now . i am not in school anymore and am trying to find employment that will actually pay worth a damn . i haven't found that sort of job , but i did find ... melted chocolate . the refreshed feeling after light exercise . the scent of a familiar blanket . the quiet ticking of a clock . i have difficulty trying to console others even though i empathise deeply with them , so i try to think of things that will make them feel better or let them talk to me about it , or i'll just leave ... it's awful being poor . aww . * hug * i'm supposed to go to a team trivia meetup tonight with a group that i've never met and i'm so nervous . my mom visited me saturday and i said to her , i really need a cat and she said yes , yes you do . neutral , but i would say the same if i were a man interested in women . crying is a natural human expression of emotion , and gender doesn't matter . i don't think anyone should consider it attractive ... i was feeling okay for awhile but now i'm frustrated again because all i do is attract creeps whereas men that i am interested in are unavailable in some way and it makes me feel so awful . i went on ... trying to decide if my medication is starting to work or if i should go back to my psychiatrist and try a different one and restart this entire process ... again . a few things first : i graduated with a bachelor's of science in dietetics and , after months and months of no luck , took a temp job in september and moved to a new city with the hope that i could ... a new job . passion would be nice . shrimp tempura sushi . there seems to be this pervasive stereotype that americans are obnoxious and rude , but this is untrue . my sister's friend and her mother visited us from sweden and they were quite stunned at how kind ... 25 . thank you someone understands . i get frustrated when i'm supposed to find someone attractive who is just so ... bland . that said , i definitely look at attractive people longer , usually trying to ... i don't know how the hell he survived and did it but i was happy - i'm not going to cry over odin , that's for certain . haha , revenge ... it's not a bad idea , we have the right to have a thread like this too . but it'd be nice if people didn't post insulting things , is all . anyway , back to the topic . i have this issue where i have a ... '