' play darksouls , you'll feel better . humans , for now , need a medium to interact with each other . it is the medium that is the most efficient ( content to ease of use ratio ) at translating the thoughts and intentions that becomes ... that monochrome dressed 2 season guy at the back that just reads books and eats and cut apples in class , yet still gets good grades . my friends where the weirdos who did rugby and did jackass ... step 1 : convince the google supercomputer that i am a kitten . step 2 : tell it to take over the world for me step 3 : ? ? ? step 4 : profit ? ( ie owning the world ) google creates ' artificial brain ' - ... stupidity is human personality types are only very broad strokes of what a person is . every person has their own very specific behavior witch does not necessarily correlate with the personality type . in addition , when ... personally not offended , but after being in this forum for a while i just know someone will buthurt unless you specifically state that . i too am interested in seeing where this is going im saying this out of kindness , but the way this seems to be going , this will end in an argument , since this touches not just mbti . madam , i must respectfully inform you that i did indeed the op , the young quote and all posts from there to here . still doesn't change the fact that you did , indeed , associate the ni function ... err , you did . i didn't say anything about not liking science . i like science and find a lot of it is fascinating . my point is to that so many intjs ignore . many science fields disregard ... [ / quote ] i'm also not saying there won't be intjs who become scientists , only that i think it wouldn't be something we desire to do , as it contradicts our dominate function . i'm sure those who make ... i like :) dont weightlift , do rock climbing , parcour , judo and gladiator fighting . i do this for my own fun , not because i want to look good . do i look built ? fuck no . i look like a scrawny tall guy . could i ... mrholmes and emberfly in short , those who work are those who a ) are elegible to be part of the council b ) can vote on the motions proposed by the council work is defined as any activity that ... education : create a tiered education in wich the child chooses the classes he / she wants with guidance from the educators from early in childhood to make sure that the workforce is happy and ... what in the blazes have you gotten yourself into ! ? forgetting about being hungry when fascinated by a subject . its quite problematic . funny how no intj commented on this ... i patronise by default oh , and i always flip a coin when im unsure of what i want . the reason behind it is that while the coin is in the air , i always wish its one more than the other , and thats the ... to op : yes to all shit pay , hard to find good work , awesome as fuck when you do you will behave with sheer , uncontrolable stupidity because of that person , wether you want to or not . as for the physical manifestations , google it . at first , wonderful . after the 5th time , gets old . it can be wonderful , it can be painful , never boring , never yielding . grips you , shakes you , and doesnt let go untill the ride is over . when it is , ... 12 , was not ready for it . flirt ? what guild is it from ? selesnia ? or is it one of the new gatecrash cards ? athena avril ... what ? if there wasnt , it would not have evolved as a dominant genetic trait i find the average online intj's a bunch of stuck up asswipes who thing being dicks is what intj's do . some are an exeption to this rule . the irl ones , however , i enjoy for they are , amongst other ... i get rogue a lot i am in the same situation . what im doing right now is that whenever i feel too blue , i write down all the reasons why i had to end it . this usualy helps . i hope it helps you too , i know how it feels ... good advice here , nothing to add . ^ honnestly the important part of this thread . dated an esfj , and after much missunderstanding , i gave up . my martial arts are judo and muay thai actualy ... in fact ... hmmm oh ? ha no its not ... ie ... ya know , i've never seen a thread in the intj section speek to me this way . if you'd ask anybody who knows me , they would say im a realy nice guy and all that . i am , or at least i do my best to live ... i dont quite see what that has to do with anything relating to the op . in this case , i had used the mode of food gathering definition of it as the key sociological aspect . mind you , i agree with ... first , man used religion to explain the world around him . supernatural beings with human traits dominated the landscape and the psyches of the early humans . as humans evolved from hunter gatherer ... you need a map to find my bed . i dont . 58215 i was being grounded by a teacher and i didnt react . it made him so angry that he said this isn't a war-camp ! you're not a number ! i calmly told him my student id , wich is a number . got me a ... cancer is an aglomeration of thousands of different cellular malfunctions . there are litteraly as many different types of cancers as fuckups possible in your body . so if your question is whether we ... a ) hyperactive impulsive , not add . b ) wow , did i just read those last posts right ? look , i know lots of people are against medicating a neurological problem , but shit man , if you actualy belive ... when your a kid , you hate older generations . when your a teen , you hate your own generation . when you grow older , you hate younger generations . thats my say on that . some people think its useless to try figuring out what the universe is made of and what secrets it may hide because we will never find all the answers . these people dont have lazers . quite well . what you specificaly ask for doesnt exist yet . transhumanism isnt that hot yet as a subject . i've recently sumbled ont this website and i cant believe how ... absolutely ... ignorant it is ! ! ! im wondering , how many of you know about it and what do you think of it ? here's the link : ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2g7e78qUO1qf2g3oo1_400.gif i do gladiatoral fighting for fun , and debates , but if you asked me wich one was my favourate , i could not answer . the gladiatoral fighting is recent , so when i was young i did get beet up . then i ... heh , i used that one on my girlfriend , so imagine my face when i saw that one on here . '