' enfj with a concussion : a case study . :d ry : modes of operation basically limited to locating the nearest tylenol , sleeping , and feels . can i have my coherency back please ? according to this test , i should know about 27,300 words . now if only it really seemed that way when i talk , that'd be something . : tongue : i love hugs , but i'll mostly refrain from them if i don't think they're welcome . i had an infj ( or maybe intj ) friend in high school that i didn't think liked the hugs i gave her before class , so i ... feeling vaguely melancholic but vaguely hopeful . so . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQeRf30FqqE crazyeddie - thing is , she is very concerned about pleasing other people - the sort of exfj ' hostess personality ' i mentioned - but has blatantly expressed to me that she does so for her benefit . i've ... ohhh , the type differences between my mom and dad make themselves known . just wrote a post that kinda relates with this , so random rant sorry . : blushed : for an xntp , my dad has a really well ... i agree with crazyeddie . it sounds more like an enfj-intj problem than feelers-thinkers problem . those issues actually sound like the issues that come up between my mother and her fi , and the rest of ... my roomie just called counseling services for me , because i can't bring myself to . she got an answering machine the first time around , and then pledged i will get you an appointment even if it means ... you wonder why i like today . 20 years single . you wonder why i like today . it's a good question . i'm a skeptic of love . nothing can be more selfish . nothing can be more selfless . i had a kiss ... i looked at my last few posts in the enfj subforum and jeez , i'm being such a downer . come on , self , positivity dammit . a bullet list because i'm pretty sure my brain is currently gelatinous gloop . oh , the effects of college . dear istps , - i've been lurking your forum and keep almost-posting but then not - you're ... remember the good old jumping rope days when motion ruled there was nothing to say you didn't care words didn't compare to the ideals that would take wing there one , two measure your dues i've been through something similar , with friends calling me ' cute ' , putting me into a sort of ' little sister ' role in the group of friends , and underestimating me in various ways ... bubbly or cute ... edit : deleted . : l i think i just need a good sulk . might as well be a little more lucid as to my particular interests , since i'm declaring the major - geology . double major , actually , geology and music . still can't be any more specific about the ... you are a thinker your cautiousness , appreciation of functionality , and imagination combine to make you a thinker . you have a vivid capacity for imagery that allows you to see beyond your ... jawz - thanks for the advice but that's not really what's happening in this situation ^ ^ ; i figured out for myself why she's not been voicing it . there are some people being mean to her but she ... i'm getting really frustrated at an enfj friend of mine . so she's been sorta sulking a lot lately , she'll be offended by something and not admit it , stuff like that . she's trying to quench it for the ... 30411 on the feminine side , somewhat . peaceofmind - i considered pursuing counseling as well , but for basically the same reasons you've stated i decided it wasn't for me . i'm still studying psychology , but with the end goal of ... thank you both ! i'll clarify a bit - the field is in earth science . falling leaves - thanks for the advice on fe and not letting self-perception get in the way . you hit the nail on the head as to ... the song reminds me of four guys , all at different times mind you , so i don't suppose it was the one who got away , they just kept on repeatedly slipping through my fingers , for various reasons . i ... a few questions . or you can just discuss enfjs in science professions . ( input from esfjs would be awesome as well since i'm exfj ) to explain : i may be presenting on a theory at a conference . i ... it's been a while ... mostly because i've started school but also because i just haven't had anything to say on here . for a while . i'm getting over a recent drop in mood . luckily , as i said school ... just guess what episode of what tv show i just watched . wishing i knew how to turn off my fe . it hurts . ... was wrong about the whole emotionally well-equipped to handle week alone thing . back is better but i'm not . fell back to square one , and quickly . going to my college's counseling office some time ... whining about physical ills . again . my back is killing me again . it's not as bad as the first time it went wrong , when i couldn't walk straight without almost collapsing from pain ( and ended up ... just going to apologize upfront for any gross generalizations . and the length ... : blushed : and clarify that the trends relating to types as i'm describing them is mostly retrospective - looking at ... i agree with jawz and etherea , the easiest ( and best ) way to figure it out would be to get him to take an mbti test , and then discuss the results with him . at the least , i agree with knittigan ... my sleep problems seemed to have lessened / gone away this past semester , but since break started they seem to have returned full force . my insomnia is back pretty full force , i'm averaging about 3 or ... sometimes i wish i could get back into that infp head space that i used to have . that huge and interesting internal world , like i could step into my imagination . it was a much darker place at times ... storming out does not impress me . you threatening all the same things all over again does not impress me . does not scare me . maybe if you just occasionally had something positive to say about me ... hope everyone is as cozy as i am . http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwslzlomUJ1qeboqr.jpg happy holiday-celebration-of-your-choosing-or-not , perc ! :p roud : note to self : two glasses of wine in one half hour = too much . good thing i just get giggly and sing-y when i'm tipsy , i suppose . in the spirit of christmas and whatnot . additionally : brother's ... smiling . lots of smiling . or maybe not smiling . i may be off , but enfjs seem the least able to mask themselves , so if there's a lot of emotion on their face , a lot of the time , probably enfj . ... i agree that it's probably an fe-ni thing . honestly , i think my infj friends do it more often than i do , so maybe it's at it roots an ni thing . gathering information . personally , i may stare for ... i used that bit of me that knows how to use my attention and affection , or withholding said attention or affection , to manipulate people tonight and now i feel so bad about it . it helped salvage a ... oh , huh . i actually have a few sensory processing disorders too . tactile , and one that i don't remember the name of ... something about not being able to sense where i am in space the correct way ... dear enfp roomie , thank you for being so chill . that is why we work . you keep me from panicking , i keep you from accidentally sleeping through classes . i always feel a little bad because i think ... when you sometimes don't actively try to make others feel good or feel better , but apparently do so anyways when you literally can't help but smile or laugh at something ( or generally can't not ... random thing . i really like the internet phrases all the feels and that jpeg how do i hold all these feels . i'm involved in fandom quite a lot , so i tend to have a lot of feels about characters , ... mainly wally west . i think e ( ? ) tp , a friend thinks i ( ? ) fp . discuss . dear intj family member , i know you love me , but you don't express it very often , and sometimes i forget . also , i am a person , not a thing , not one of your projects , therefore not a good subject ... if you haven't already , find a passion of yours . you don't necessarily need to feel feelings for people . i know many t types that interact with their careers or hobbies or prized possession like ... i'm curious as to how add and adhd affect mbti . also , i'm curious to see if there is a prevalence of either among types . i feel like add may influence n / s and p / j , somewhat . our perception of ... oh . okay . yowch . it started out pretty accurate , then became horrifically inaccurate about halfway through . ' seductive ' and ' impulsive ' though ? really ? oh wow ! lots of replies . wow . hi ! i'm a sophomore in college right now , but i haven't declared my major yet . my life and passion is music . if i could just literally live music , move in it and ... ... okay , not really wild , just college-aged , still riding on the happiness of finishing exams , and very , very , very fe dominant . one of my friends has recently become obsessed with all of the mbti ... that we're simple beings of wonderful happy motherly fluffiness that are thusly incapable of any cerebral pursuit . just because i live and breathe emotions ( my fe is very dominant ) does not mean i ... i'm currently recovering from depression , so this whole thread has been really interesting to me ... since now , when i'm recovering , is the first time i've actually tested as enfj . i tested infp the ... '