yeah - that makes sense ... when i was younger , out of hs young , that is the kind of thing i would have felt ... not actually be crazy , but think crazy ... where as so is a thinker , so his jealousy came ... that's pretty much the same with my istj so . and we both get that . funny , while i'm not normally jealous , i can have flashes of possessiveness . lol . so plays in a band , and if i'm there and some ... thank you so much everyone ! ! ! that makes me feel so much better ! ! ! i will re-read all these posts and make sure i take it all in . he's a beautiful quiet boy , with a quirky sense of humour and ... my istj so and i had quite a few issues with jealousy in the beginning . i like to talk to people period ! i don't care if they're male / female / other . and part of my communication style is flirtatious , ... i don't have a problem asking for stuff any more when i'm feeling confident . but when i feel i'm being a needy emotional basket-case , forget about it ! ! then i withdraw . which is crazy , cause that's ... hello anybody ... i desperately need advice about my 9 y . o . son . he's definitely an inf ... but the j / p function is still developing . i'm an enfp mother , dunno if that's a positive or a negative ... : crazy :: laughing :: crazy :: laughing :: crazy :: laughing : same with me . when i was younger i could sleep 10/12 hours a day no problem . and then i had two babies close together . wow - sleep deprived for almost 4 years ! ! ! the older one was a bad sleeper , ... always ! ! ! and when i don't listen to that little voice i always regret it ! ! ! that is similar to my istj so . he'd known for a while that he wanted a relationship that allowed him to do that . but it wasn't until he met me that he could trust that it would be ok and safe to be ... i'm finding this whole thread really bizarre , first of all i have no idea what the hell you are all arguing about . or why it even matters . and secondly , it doesn't matter what type a person is to ... thank god , some reality back into this ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : i can't stop laughing ! ! ! don't sell yourself short , an average joe with a great sense of humour ! ! ! :) is this a common thing amongst istjs ? my man doesn't usually get enough sleep . in part because he always has so much to get through in the day . but then after days of little sleep , he'll crash and ... lol - you did again ... i've decided i'm going to look for your posts so i can have a good laugh ! ! lol i have to say , i really love istjs ! one of my best friends is xstj and she's amazing ! she is great at helping me stay focused and when she gets all blunt and critical i poke fun at her and then she ... that book changed my life ! ! ! dunno if this help , and some people don't hold store with it ... but i found going into my metaphysical self helped when dealing with my divorce . it's the layer between conscious and sub-conscious ... ... lol :) anytime ! poor niss - let's put him out of his misery lol . muchaparadox - the mere fact he's with you , means he likes you . if he's an istj , he wouldn't stick around if he didn't . and if you're being a ... oh you dear girl ! ! ! where do i start ? i know exactly how you feel . it took me a long time to be at peace with the good and the bad . and to accept them them both . you're not bad for thinking she was ... lol lol lol lol - what a great way to wake up ! ! ! thanks zeth 006 . i haven't laughed that hard in ages ! ! ! you're an absolute classic ! ! ! : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : wow - you did more for me in that one post to understand my brother , than i have been able to do on my own for years ! ! ! thnx for that ! ! ! i went and read the thread . you're right , they are a bit brutal over there . there was some great obvious advice . and you should take it on board . but i also think there was a heap of hidden , ... imagined - you love him ... he loves you ... if you want this relationship to last and be happy , you're both going to have to get rid of the toxic communication . i only read part of that skype thread , ... you know it's only a week and a day since i discovered mbti and this site and found out i'm am enfp ! ! ! i read this stuff and i want to cry cause i'm so happy to find out there's a whole bunch of ... alexandra 166 - girl , consider his breaking up with you the last kind thing he did for you . it had nothing to do with him being istj . it was him not being a man who is ready to be in a lasting and ... my mom sometimes jokes that she's amazed we didn't turn out to be junkies or with green mohawks and lots of face piercings . :) we both have great careers , stable relationships and great kids . the ... violici - consider yourself hugged ! ! :) i'm a big time hugger ! ! ! :) well astrology could be a bunk , dunno , but my aquarian profile is almost a perfect match to my mbti . so in terms of my own personal development and growth , i will use all the tools out there to help ... i had a similar experience . i met my so while i was still married . couldn't be avoided , he was my boss . we became really good friends in that time and we were both in the process of ending long term ... zeth 006 - there is obviously something in this that really bothers you . and i don't mean annoys you . i mean really really bothers you ... i can see your words , but it's much bigger than the words ... hi jennywocky - i read your post early this morning before i went to work and i can't get it out of my head . so i need to respond so i can get some work done :) i can only speak from my own ... nice to know there are others from oz ! ! ! : laughing : so i had a thing happen to me today .. and i don't know if it's cause i read this thread , this morning ... i was in my usual happy , peppy mood looking forward to sunday ... something happened ... i ... sometimes it would be nice if it was all just easy : unsure : but it just ain't so ! ! ! : sad : sing it from the mountain top ! ! ! no more said ! ! ! i think i understand where you are coming from memento ... everything and anything is possible . people don't just become abusive one day , it builds up over years and lifetimes . her manifestation of ... i can relate to that form the daughter's perspective ... grew up in a dysfunctional home with abuse flying in from all over the place . definitely no rational boundaries . when i was 19 y . o . my ... the idea has its merits , : wink : but lack's a certain warmth and sincerity that we feeler women require : laughing : i can't say it's clear cut for me to always follow my heart and not my plan . because sometimes the plan is really what i want at the end of the day , and my heart is being impulsive . and impulsiveness ... jennywocky - my 7 y . o . son is just starting to to the exact same thing ! ! ! and he's an esfp as well . it's freaking me out a bit when it happens . i've tried to deal with this a couple of different ... wow so many good points raised ! ! i love a really good self-aware conversation . makes me all tingly inside ... :) awesome - tried to search , but that didn't come up ... will read now .. :) pretty much to the letter : tongue : ! ! ! we both end up happy : happy : hi - i was curious if there is a common theme to istj's sense of humour . some of your post are really funny . i detect a wicked sense of humour : wink : now i get the questions ... sorry i jumped ahead without reading the link ... wow - that has always been a cornerstone to my personal philosophy since i was about 19/20 y . o . dunno how it came to be , ... not sure what it has to do with enfp , not really applicable to me ... my only regret is ... * so far i haven't made a significant positive impact on the world . ( but i'm trying ) my philosophy ...