' hm , i think it's been a bit too long since i first saw the series to recall the general personalities , but i may swing by the old characters and try and gauge it , yeah . the last anime that i watched ? well i've been re-watching ranma 1/2 with a friend of mine here and there , but the anime that i most recently watched for the first time was katanagatari a week ago and ... thanks for sharing , lemurs this is terribly fascinating to look at . wasn't expecting ma to be producing so many women who aren't straight . new york and other cities mentioned do not surprise me , but ... it's fine , you've written more than enough . : happy : it's funny , i haven't seen too many people who are big fans of smallville . i'm rather a fan of it myself . clark kent will always have a soft ... eternalfrost : oh i'm so on the same page as you . but at least we can appreciate the show for what it is now : happy : kingoftheamazons : lol i rather like us exfj's , too , though my appreciation more ... lol i meant 4 , not 3 . whoops hahaha fair enough . oh no , she screams enfj to me . maaaybe infj , but her way of operating is way too much of an extrovert . i think the only introvert of the group is ... the thing is , it varies from girl to girl . some avoid , others persist . it depends on things like confidence , extroversion / introversion , and knowledge of mutual attraction , and all that jazz . i think ... season 3 has been really on top of its game as far as pacing , plotline , and character development . it's too bad that the show had to wait until the last season to get it's act together . of ... that's fair , cycling through them , i mean . i bet if you asked people on this site though they'd be more than happy to help type you . : tongue : people have fun with it and are pretty happy to help ... welcome to the site ! interesting that you tend to flip between the j and the p . i would look at their individual function stackings and see which resonates more for you . either way , so long as you're ... kind of you to do for him , but not really sure what this has to do with the enfj thread : happy : i think elsa may be infj , though she is a character i relate to a lot . it's difficult to tell because her character is one who has gone through extremely unhealthy isolation and development . mlk ... i would definitely talk with your friend about it . i know that i would be horrified if i was to learn i was doing something unknowingly hurting someone dear to me . i also recognize , since this has ... <3 i'm glad that you've found a type that works for you : happy : i rather like those who are fe-oriented as well , though i prefer them introverted as a balance . lol what about fe-doms ? lol no argument with anything you've stated . i do think it's more about the people , however , i wanted to pose the inquiry regardless because i'm curious to see what people think . i like to hear the ... i'm curious , what are your enneagram types ? yes and no - - more that i know what i'm like when i'm head over heels for someone , and i refuse to commit / get involved unless i am thinking of them and only them . there's no if ands or buts and ... it's funny as that kind of describes my relationship with my dad in reverse - - i'm glad to hear that you have a good relationship with your mother :) absolutely . i really try and focus on just appreciating the friendship for when it was and what it was , and the fact that it had to come to an end did not make it mean any less . of course that kind ... sweet , sensitive types are my favorite types . infx guys are wonderful and i wish there was more of you , or easier access to you . and as people have been saying , everyone has a type . i look at my ... oh ? that's too bad . i would think that'd be ideal , but i suppose it depends on the person and what they're looking for in a relationship while my 6 is the less prominent of my tritype ( 216 ) some of what you're saying i find that i can relate to , though the tone of it is different because of my prominent 2 . this is a very fascinating piece that i can see having patterns of in my own life . i feel that i would like to do more research on the subject matter , however elements of it feel very true for me . yeah , not to provide an obvious statement , but i think it's purely our extroversion that makes us less mysterious . we have more of a need to connect with others consistently , and because of it , we're ... possibly . though , correct me if i'm wrong , i find people who are fi can be more difficult with their feelings because of how they process them internally . whereas people who are fe i find more ... i can understand that , though i will point out that enfjs are the most introverted of the extroverts . : tongue : wow . black mail . very much not legal . i'm simply curious , since enfjs are fe-ni-se-ti and istps are ti-se-ni-fe and are therefore using identical , yet in reverse order functions , why they are not paired up . there very well could be an ... seeker * hug * oh seeker , i wish you peace of mind , of heart , and all the self love . dote on yourself . note all that is lovable about you , and keep doing it . keep appreciating yourself . this day ... lol pretty much , as stendhal says ( though i wouldn't call it all bullshit ) . as the saying goes : don't fix what isn't broken . for some , enfjs and infps work really well . for others , not so much ... i think that what you're bringing up is a very significant point . it is an issue with many people , and those who are more introverted , even more so . the best thing i can think of is to act as a ... yes , these words are absolutely spot-on . i'm glad that you're finding a source that can validate your experience as well . i've talked with my therapist and she has shared with me about men ... i find this to be pretty common with enfjs . i know there have been times i've contemplated my introversion / extroversion identity . i think that video is pretty spot-on . oh sweetie i'm so sorry : sad : i dated an infj and went through some very similar feelings and patterns . the emotions going through you are so anxiety-ridden , and there's a fear , like your life is ... when you leave a box is it for you and your own closure , or is it for them to learn from ? if it's for them to learn from , then it's not for you to do . you are not their teacher and it's not up ... i agree with fromfaraway full heartedly . in addition , i would point out that there are other people , other men , out there you can have such amazing connections with who are very much single . of ... honestly i don't think you necessarily need to explain all of the above . not being interested is a good enough reason . i think if you can convey to her i greatly care about you as a person , however , ... b'aw being told you're crazy is no fun . the correct response should be wow , that's not something i personally put a great deal of emphasis on . that's so interesting that you do , what comes up for ... if i am interested in a guy , being romantic is more than appreciated . if i am not interested in a guy , then his actions are uncomfortable , and if he persists , creepy . i definitely think the sooner you're able to move out , the better . i'm sure you're well aware of this already , but i think your mental health will be so much better when you're outside of such a ... if i've been stressed for too long , yes i'll get sick if i'm not careful . generally manifests in the form of a cold . or at the very least , i may get canker sores . also when i'm stressed i tend to ... i mean i'm kind of quirky myself , so i do not know if i'm the best judge , but when i think of the infjs i know , i don't think of crazy . i think of caring individuals with big hearts who don't know ... do not block them . recognize them . love them . cherish them . there is a part of you right now who is in pain , and is lashing out in anger , grief , what have you , and that is the part of you that ... not to be redundant , but it's a little difficult to say without proper context . : tongue : this sounds so wonderful , i'm so happy for you :p roud : my brother is an entj and we get along extremely well . always have . the only times we ever have disputes is if my feelings have been hurt , and while he may roll his eyes if he feels i'm overreacting , ... lol - - actually , now i'm curious because i get this a lot , do other enfjs get told a lot i wish you were the opposite gender ? i enjoy it a lot . i think the characters are well-developed , well-written , and even though many of them i wouldn't personally like if i were to meet them , all of them are just filled with depth of ... well i'll admit i have a bias in several regards : one , i think it's better when introverts and extroverts date ; two , i'm rather partial to infjs so i'm all about enfj / infj pairings : tongue :; and ... '