' why isn't anyone answering the p . s . question ? why wouldn't you want to live in a fake world , especially if that fake world effectively conceals from you the fact that it is fake while also giving you every comfort / pleasure possible ? interesting answer , but walking away with the information back to where you came from is equivalent to walking back to the fake world and hence is the same as choosing the blue pill , right ? ... the pills are probably just supposed to be story telling devices which highlight the choice neo's got to make here . besides , practical stuff about how the pills would take effect are just ... why does it fucking suck ? ( it is comfort after all ) you misunderstand the term if you were neo . this is meant to make you think of a hypothetical scenario where your mind ( and the memory , reasoning capacity , etc that go along with it ) is placed in ... i just watched the matrix ( awesome movie , spoilers ahead btw ) , and here's the clip where morpheus asks the million dollar question : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9vGMMPM5Lg so if you were ... entps at what age did you lose your virginity ? ( non entps could reply too ; there might be interesting correlations ) okay , here's a p . s . question : how many people have you had sex with ? ( be ... there is an absolute definition for where the map is : it's in a small room in washington . you could fix the room and the location of the map inside the room anywhere you like as long as this ... wow okay , i don't know what to say . i'm going to read all of it now , but before any of that , hats off to jamaia for having the courage to go through with all the math and for writing it all down in ... yeah well , this shows that if a homothetic centre does exist , then there can be only one of them.it doesn't show that there has to be one in the first place . so metaphors transcend logic ? okay since this is the best response so far i'll go through each bit of it.the first sentence is again a misunderstanding of what point means , cos since the map is a set of points , the exact ... i'm the messiah of perc ! : laughing : lol , nice restatement of the problem . wtf ? the ad infinitum is what convinced me you had almost got it.what you've got to prove now is that repeating this process infinitely would shrink the map to an actual geometric point . okay this is just stupid.in the last , modified part of your proof , aren't you assuming that the physical points are all located on the line z = 0 ? in other words aren't you assuming that the whole ... it's the same old misunderstanding of point again.the exact location of map on map wouldn't be a point , it would still be a set of points , which you've got to show reduces to a single point . ... you're right in saying that there is a homothety that takes the map to the real country . but you've got to show that rotating the map when it's not properly oriented would still keep the centre of ... this is the post in which you almost got the solution.the first sentence of the post is precisely the idea you need for the solution . as for the rest of the post , i don't see how the fact that a ... hey people , i'm back again from selling nukes ( the israeli commander was so pleased he gave me a few of his concubines and a lifelong supply of candyfloss ) . i never dreamed this thread would get so ... a map of the us is laid out in a small square room in washington . prove that there exists exactly one point on the map whose corresponding real location coincides with that point itself . ( for ... what the title says . ( tritype 7w6 sp / sx 9w8 3w2 specifically ) bernard black ( black books ) chandler bing ( friends ) rick sanchez ( rick and morty ) howard wolowitz ( the big bang theory ) this is might sound pretty : crazy : but i've always had this thing where i feel like i can't be bothered to go out and interact with people but on the occasions on which i do so , i always end up ... well it's a long time since i've looked at this thread after posting it , but it seems like a lot of people have had trouble getting what womanizing means.and bugs pointed out ( quite rightly too ) that ... how about a general target ( a hypothetical person having qualities from all the 16 types ) ? which 4 of the 16 types would you list as the best charmers ? here's mine : 1.estp 2.enfp 3.entp 4.esfp by your reasoning , if the logical inversion of the two members of the dichotomy doesn't matter and if all that matters is the preference of one of them over the other , then we could choose any two ... i agree that introversion and extroversion could be considered complementary , but then the whole individuality vs conventionality thing seems shaky . think of a hypothetical society where everyone ... the examples you gave show in general why the introverted and extroverted versions of the same function can't be used at once.but these don't show why the two functions are logical negations of each ... note that here i'll be referring specifically to the i / e , n / s , t / f , p / j scales and not the functional stacking interpretation although what follows probably applies to the functional stuff as well . ... this is something i just thought of . entps , being extroverts after all , are more likely to spend their time interacting with other people or doing some project than hanging out on a forum right ? so ... well an isfj reading an entp post would obviously be undetectable if all they do is read the post without replying in return.but if this alleged isfj does post something in return then the post would ... i don't remember any quotes in particular , but if this essay doesn't summarize the entp mindset i don't know what does : http://http://www3.nd.edu/~afreddos/courses/264/fmw.htm the above title is just an interesting one designed to attract more views and has nothing to do with what follows ( or maybe it does ): proud : . the actual question at hand is : are we what we post ? ... this could be called an extension of the old entp enneagram list.you could test your tritype here : personality types : pstypes enneagram test - enneagram and myers briggs here's mine ... master yao here is the best example i can think of for someone who's reached the purpose of life . kung fu panda : legends of awesomeness episode 20 my favorite yao | watch cartoons online , watch ... having an indian family experience would influence your behavior consciously or subconsciously and would make it resemble the behaviour of the typical indian more closely than before.so in this ... so what do you suggest ? if you're suggesting that we should just not think about it cos it's ultimately pointless , then i couldn't disagree more.we will never understand any objective meaning to life ... well the pness comes with both it's strengths and weaknesses , so ... changing of personality could be interpreted as the balance or unbalance of certain functions but a sufficiently large extent of this would make you change your type.for an example , an entp who ... if all you're saying is that mbti type is unlikely to change then i agree.but if you mean that mbti types of people would never change over time then i don't really agree.thinking style is a vague ... mbti certainly is a good model to explain the behaviour of people , much in the same way that science is a good way to explain the processes of nature.this does not mean that these models have an ... but don't you think that the dutiful life or the life of sacrifice is the path because they bring the person living those kinds of lives happiness ? i mean would a dutiful life be a person's path if ... excitement about new possibilities definitely brings happiness so i do agree with what you first said . but as to being perpetually happy , the happiness you get after triumphing in some fight is ... https://www.google.lk/url?sa=i&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwil2pLlmOXJAhXBS44KHQxsDeEQjRwIBw&url=http%3A%2F%2Fhubpages.com%2Fart%2FTwo-Faces-or-a-Vase-10-Simple-but-Wond ... i agree entirely , which is why mbti would be at most , a rough approximation to the map of the mind ( sort of like the treasure maps you see in movies ) . it is for this reason that predicting the ... chaotic good '