' entp - does this description sound like you ? i'm having trouble typing someone that i know ( i really only feel confident about the e ) ... social , outgoing , playful , engaging , charming , energized , ... zomg , i was in a bookstore tonight , and i totally found my crush from a couple of years ago . it was like where's waldo in this crowded little bookstore . i found my way back to where he was browsing , ... an intp at work came and sat down right next to me at a meeting . starting asking me questions . usually , this is a very formal meeting , so i was pleased that he was friendly . i think he picks up on ... hm , i guess you are right . there are lots of possible reasons for aloofness . but if i take your suggestion , his friendliness could also indicate simply that he is a nice person , and is friendly ... tl ;D r when you are aloof or cold with someone who you were previously friendly towards , what are some possible reasons ? my enfjs - are you out there ? ... i need some education about enfjs acting ... enfj who was one of my mentors at work , is now cold and aloof . some background : we are both single , un-attached . some possible attraction or mutual interest , but this is unclear to me . has switched ... okay , so ' just ask ' the intp is one simple solution to the question ' what is he thinking ? ' but , my question is also ' how can i approach him in a way that makes him less anxious and becomes willing to ... i wonder if intps make up like 70 % of guys doing online dating ? haha , it just seems full of people who sit hopefully , but do not act . is that accurate at all ? i'm not completely excluding myself from ... i think i'm chatting with an intp in the online dating world ... and he had to cancel our first date ( coffee ) due to a work scheduling thing ( this i believe is true , it checks out ) . he has a hectic ... i have been messaging with a guy on a dating site , and we have had a good convo rolling , but have run into some issues with scheduling the first date . he asked me if i wanted to meet up for coffee , i ... so , you would be understanding that you did not received even a first message from this person . that is cool of you . months later , would you be willing to respond to her as if fresh start ? would you ... my intp quest continues . your ' type ' is such a draw for some of us infps :P i have an online dating scenario . i know , i know . always ripe for overanalysis . i just want some opinions on this ... ... entps - do you ever pit people against each other ? i know that sounds kind of awful , but i wonder if you sometimes delight in charming people , and getting people to do things for you ? it seems that ... morfy kitty i would say open the conversation very slowly , calmly . do this someplace where you feel comfortable , and at a time when you could both part ways if needed . if this is meeting for brunch ... yes , at first i worried that you were my irl friend . haha ! unlikely though :) as for my feelings ... guaranteed that they are highly individual based on my situation with this long-term friend . in ... i'm an infp in a similar situation with an infp guy friend . i will say that the constant anxiety-limbo plays to the infp enjoyment of anticipation and future orientation , but it does eventually ... haha , i appreciate your comments ! i'm just , more than a little confused by my situation . so the ' go get him ' mentality is not exactly feeling ' safe ' for me until i understand wtf his mixed messages ... lol , you ppl . okay , well i'm not going to ask him , so i'm just going to stew about it in silence . it's really not my style to ask a guy if he likes me . we would have to be like in some obvious ... do you ever drop sexual innuendos in conversations ? or are these more likely ' freudian slips ? just wondering if * ntps would use this as a tactic for showing their interest ? whoa , so , really ! ? then i definitely need to find some way to type this person . is there a thread for that ? like describing a person and having someone help you type the person ? i know it sounds ... what more fun can i stir up here ... part i : how do you / other intps you know ' flirt ' ? part ii : do you know of any intps who are major flirts ? part iii : if someone is like an ... ah yes , this makes sense . being sure before perceived risk , etc . is a good idea . but that also puts you in a bind , because men are often expected to be more overt in their interest . but yes , there ... exactly re : gravitate towards then , but remain tame . okay , so say it's not so much involving a power distribution , but simply an intra - & inter-personal awkwardness . for example , you are both new ... so if you clearly have romantic feelings for a girl , but it's complicated - say like , you work with her - how do you behave ? how to you handle this situation ? imagine she is your boss , or your ... i notice that some intps do not really know how to ask personal questions of other people . or rather , maybe this is men in general , when they are nervous ? i know , i know , people will say duh , we are ... well it sounds like you have the answers for yourself right there , in the end of your post ! i think it's cool that we often have our own answers , which we can arrive at through talking or writing ... yea , i think you make a good point about dating to get his ex out of his system . he still mentioned her in coversation , but he made it clear that he has had time to process it and ' get over it ' . he ... yea . i guess i am having questions about each one of his four letters . he is a scientist though , so ... entp or even is / ntp could be possible ? jealousy definitely gets a girls attention , but not in a ... lols to the last couple pages of this thread . : laughing : necrilia : i love the golden retriever comment . i've totally seen this happen with several intps ! it's so endearing ! i hate to break up ... so imagine that a woman has opportunities to pursue an intp , and she thinks there might be mutual interest . but the mutual messages aren't quite clear enough for two over-thinking introverts .  ... how do you approach an intp with more-than-friends interest ? is it possible for a woman to be too forward ? as a female infp , i am not often in the role of pursuer . i know how to flirt , but i ... i am going to try not to make this all about my crush on an intp , and over-thinking it . but ... maybe a little bit . you intp guys seem like a ' type ' that is least likely to try and employ jealousy ... yes , yes , yes . i can see this all about intps not wanting to talk when tired , it's true . i've seen it with my intp friends in the past . especially because i'm a pretty attuned ' inf ' , i think there is ... man , you guys are saving me here . i was super pleasant with him when i left him to finish his ginger ale , but i went immediately to my room and started overthinking and beating myself up . wondering - ... oh totally , this all makes sense . i was curios to know the process , which you outlined well . i never thought of intp as robots ( no , that's intj , right ? ) haha . but really , i think most people are ... well , the guy who offered me chocolate ? he's done it again . but this time , he offered me a brownie , and i accepted . i'm beginning to question all of this though ... in some strange twist , he made ... i'm fascinated by intps , so i guess i'm going to dominate this board for a while . i seem to fit infp best , but i test with a more balanced t , and i have lots of intp friends ... personal question : ... basic question : is there a trend in intp attire ? i would assume something practical , comfortable , and possibly showing a little bit of their wit . but with some sense of aesthetic appeal , like ... good point , i was thinking more in a benign way . for example , finding out if she is doing online dating , if she is still close with her ex , etc . finding out things related to her availability , and ... just out of curiosity ... do you guys ever have other guys wing-man for you by finding out info from a girl you like ? imagining you are mutual friends , or something like this . i need some clarification on this point ... what is the ' explosion ' in reference to ? the feelers being upset , or the thinkers being repressed ? right , well all of that is pretty insightful . it must take some good relationships , friends , or therapy for intps to get more in-tune with the emotional world . really can't hurt anyone to be more ... yes , this is super helpful . just be in the moment , an be authentic . can do . is it common for intps to develop slowly when it comes to emotional intimacy ? i have met some intps who can open up , but ... wow , thanks . i feel like i know that he is into me , intuitively , but i'm still sort of unsure about misreading his friendliness . i mean , the guy is super kindhearted . he's 31 . this is very helpful . i need to pick your brain ( or other intp brains ) then about some intp scenarios that have cropped up for me . - after a casual friend dinner at intps house , he offered me a ... ah , i left out some information . we have a mutual friend , and this mutual friend told me that this guy is ready to find a long term relationship . well on a similar note , a new guy just moved into my same apartment floor . pretty sure he is intp . we have mutual friends who have teased us about being a good match . we have met a couple of ... all that you've described here is exactly true of me as well . i tend to type as an infp , though i think i have more balance with extroversion and thinking . it's no wonder that infp-intp is some sort ... haha , thank you ! i like that you are punctuating your success with borat-like enthusiasm . thanks , this makes a lot of sense . then , would you say that most of you intps are these authentic , ethical , insightful creatures ? i've met a handful , mainly science-guy friends ( so there are many ... '