' haha , i read the stereotypes about them . i used to think i was an intp . xd haha , i took three personality tests in a row , and the results stayed consistent . the test that normally identifies me as an infj suddenly said that i was an intj . however , i would have been happy ... intj - mastermind . introverted intellectual with a preference for finding certainty . a builder of systems and the applier of theoretical models . 2.1 % of total population . guess i'm an intj . xd i took a personality quiz , and while i identify with some parts of the isfj regarding relationships , i identify more with the intj way of responding to the world . however , i learn like an isfj ... intp for waka ? that was kinda my guess . the fact that he's a prophet helps , too . the stereotype for an intp from what i've heard here is a philosopher type who sits around all day thinking . xd what would be the reasoning behind that ? if you sneeze on your monitor , what is your first thought ? ( examples : that sneeze felt pretty good , eww , germs , i have to clean my pristine monitor immediately ! , ha , lookit the rainbows in ... do you typically like to get weird with it ? yes , but only with people i'm comfortable around . i'm not very comfortable being weird with strangers because i have been hurt in the past by being weird ... well , that's another way of phrasing it . xd bahaha , yeah , you kinda are . what about waka , though ? the half-baked prophet is unable to be typed ? : o okami is a video game for the wii and playstation 2 . the graphics look like a watercolor painting . and it's alright if nobody cares . i'm used to it . haha , i know what you mean . i'm going to have to use that quote and apply it to real life . xd i haven't been on this site in a long time , but i remember taking the test and being an intj . i was wondering if that was still true , so ask me some questions and i'll answer them . whoa , is something wrong ? or do you just not care ? xd i love your avatar , by the way . it's really creepy and cute at the same time . :) what would you say they are ? amaterasu : isxx of some sorts . issun : something loud and obnoxious , and i'm not sure what . waka : definitely something artistic . i don't really get an extroverted ... just when i thought i was an intj ... xd you have a dream about tattooed nerds who are imitating star wars characters . you are interested in what they have to say , even though they speak in gibbers and squeaks . you are not automatically ... hell to the no . i want to get to the meat of the conversation already ! : crazy : horses and wolves . [ / b ] i had a feeling that she was an intj . i can relate to her . you told one of your emo friends that you didn't like people , and even she looked at you oddly . you know you are an ambivert when you relate to these posts . i told my brothers that i was an introvert and they were like ... o_o i thought you were an extrovert ... : crazy : my mom is an estj . she's so bubbly and it takes her an hour to get back from the mailbox . she talks to every single neighbor she encounters . bahahaha that's very funny . are you the person with the shirt that says fu * * ! ? so that's why i love intps and their cute little quirks . you remind me of l . xd yes , this has happened to me ! it's just plain weird how it happens , isn't it ? that is cool . i'm going to ask for one for christmas . : crazy : no , i read in this one book called gifts differing that introverts don't extrovert their j function if that's their normal function . they are actually showing the world their p function , but ... you made my day . i'm not angered at all . : crazy : you tell your estj mother that you scared your ichythoid , and she has no idea what you are talking about . i threw socks at my fish's tank by accident . : tongue : i have the same problem ! the only time i do cry is when i'm frustrated or when i see that god-awful animal abuse commercial where they're asking , why did you hurt me ? yeah , i was bullied mostly by males and black females . it was weird ... : unsure : i get along well with my enfj brother . i wouldn't mind having an enfj boyfriend around . or an enfp boyfriend . i'd have to say that those are good rules for anyone to follow , not just intjs . my best friend is an esfp . esfps are nice , but i have some of my worst arguments with them . :( this sounds like it would be an awesome world . mind if an intj lived in your world , too ? : tongue : lol , i kept on telling myself not to derail this thread , but i did it anyway . get ... inside of them ? * twitch * : crazy : i cannot stand facebook ! once this one girl that i didn't even like messaged me , and just ... ugh . recently i've felt like an outsider . i can relate to this thread entirely . i'm 14 , too , like your brother , so we're in the same stage of life . i hate it when people try to change me so i can fit ... story of my life . : laughing : why do some of us here relate to l or light ? i relate to near the best , but l would be the person i would relate to if i were with my friends and i was on drugs . xd wow ... i remember i was drawing hearts with my esfp best friend ( i was having a rare girly moment ) and i asked my dad to draw a heart . he drew an accurate diagram of a heart . it brought a tear to my ... i really don't know where to start . i want to learn about a variety of topics but i'm not sure what i want to learn about first . any suggestions ? the complete collection of sherlock holmes stories . : tongue : i have been typed several times as an intj , but i relate to the intp description more . please ask me some questions so i can have this confusion dissolved . i love math because there's always going to be a definite answer . with language arts and social studies , the answers and possibilities are endless . : confused : a society with reason is nonexistent . * sobs * having a nice , used kindle means it's broken . : crazy : '