' to trust is to give no thought or doubt to something being less than 100 % true and trustworthy . i think one would always question the amount of trust they have in someone even if that someone was ... ah well , the puking is interesting . when and if i ever get the hankering to get to know someone i've found it easiest to look at them as if they were an experiment . some would say i'm still keeping ... sounds like wee willy wonka needs to brush his teeth a few times a day , morning , night and between meals good hygene is a priceless quality most would say t'was likely his smile she gave such ... yeah , the positivity in me couldn't leave my thought at simply being average ... i figured there had to be a reason for it . well rounded ... it's something . :) i'm so very average . i just wish there was one things i was really good at ... i mean spectacular , amazing , really good at . i guess i'm just too well rounded ? ha ! only closed minded people fail to see the value in everything surrounding them . i feel a bit sorry for them , i'd love to open that window and let them get a good look at what they are missing . ... although love some feel is a curse but ... the ultimate pleasure of love far outweighs the pain . i'm not surprised at the results ... it looks like love is the common quality we all seek . it's something that makes living special , it's something that makes the human experience priceless . it's ... i don't think we can really prove much at all , not with 100 % absolute accuracy . reasoning can be defined in any way possible as long as it twistedly makes sense to the person trying to make heads or ... ugg the weather , cold . i'm not into the winter thing unless it's christmas day . what's your favorite season and why ? it could be an everyday thing if you are not into expanding your boundries and experiencing new things . what book are you reading now ? my answer is pretty simple ... to experience everything that is destined to be ' my life ' . it should be quite a ride ! heck , chuck norris could kill a man with his eyes closed , you honestly think he had to stare at him ? ... we've all been there . i believe i've even written about not having the motivation or passion to do much when it seems like everyone else has the drive to do whatever it is they choose to do . ... haven't you ever watched a show where the story line is good but the acting is just ... so ... terrible ? that's what first comes to mind when you talk about an introvert basically play acting as an ... love does have the tendancy to hurt but who says love is a horrible trap ? please answer yes or no ( or whatever ) to the following : do you make random noises that others find funny ? yes i make them - but funny ? eh ? do you dislike misleading things ( ie . clowns , fake ... some nerdy ( yet attractive ) reading glasses ... buy 1 pair get the second free ! i think i'd more put it in terms of people falling in love with their own idea of who they think i am . once they realize i'm not the social butterfly their mind creates me to be ... i become a little ... i'd really just love some down time with family . i miss feeling like the clock is running slow ( when you aren't working of course ) , everyone is in a good mood and you think to yourself , how did i ... it depends on who was doing the judging at the time . probably the most shocking stereotype was when my brother advised me everyone used to call me the ice queen in high school . as an infj my shy ... today most only find value when concerned with themselves . our self-centered society has driven out a sense of belonging to something greater and being a true part of a local societal family which ... we all balance each other out . other types offer me a vacation from myself . everything is temporary . romanticeditor ... exactly my dear watson ! i don't believe i said we'd be apt to marry someone if we felt the relationship was just good . i think most would agree a marriage type relationship would have to be one that perhaps evolved from ... i think we find it hard to accept the fact these relationships do happen and we may never obtain them . due to our sense of reality , we know experiencing such a relationship has very slim odds . ... i think in terms of confessions , he took the easy way out . i can appreciate the honesty but i was hoping he'd say more , something with substance . is that what humanity wishes to leave behind ? ... just apologize and be honest about not understanding how the action was affecting me . infj's can be very forgiving and very understanding as long as the other person just comes clean . in the shower , while i am applying makeup , driving , folding clothes ... i'm usually alone so nobody things i'm losing my marbles . never . living life always aspiring for more . i was just about to laugh when my eyes quickly flashed infjs and social skills in the same sentence ! put me in a room with a bunch of outgoing people and i will quickly shrivel into nothingness . put ... those have been my exact thoughts lately . my mind says get off your lazy butt and just do it ... my body says seriously dude , i'm too tired for this right now , i'm comfortable . in the past it has ... my response is pretty straight forward . sometimes you have to risk everything to gain everything ... and then some . you pretty much wrap up my thoughts from an early age . i think we all , not just infj's but as humans crave , desire , have a need for a closeness with someone that is indescribable . this type of ... i totally agree geekofalltrades attractiveness is not just about looks ... it's ultimately about a person's overall perception of who you are in relation to what they desire and value . in order to ... here's the thing . you both have to put the work into the relationship in order to make it successful ... his phone call is very promising ! love is the acceptance of all a person is - the beautiful , ... ok , she's going to be mortified ... even if you take the tactful route , it's going to be difficult for her to hear another person feels strongly enough about her shortcoming to make a verbal mention ... infjs are famous for living internally . we know what we mean or intend when we say things but we don't always see how they may be interpreted by someone else . on top of that , if someone is moody it ... well , here's the thing . i've always been an infj but i just never realized what that meant - i wasn't aware of the definition . i've always felt different , misunderstood , a flower on the wall , ... why do you think i'm afraid of heights and speed ! ? ! what if someone pushed me over the edge ? what if i jumped ? what would the hopelessness feel like ? what if i steered the car into oncoming ... ahh , when i realized love or the act of loving is really about making a choice . to choose to love , to choose to be there through thick and thin . love is not about living a magical fairytale with ... when children ( ages 0-5 ) smile at me . wherever i am i always notice small children and babies , it's a great age ... most things they do are firsts , they explore , they learn , they are very innocent . ... for starters - don't rush into marriage with the wrong person out of fear of not finding the right one . i was much like you at 17 , married at 20 , but he was not the right guy for me . looking back , ... focus . focus on her and making her realize she is the only thing in the room capturing your attention . be interested in her , ask questions , smile , make lots of good eye contact and make her laugh . ... oh i use to be that way . i finally decided life was wasting away while i spent so much time locked up in my mind . i started by making goals for myself . my goals almost always included getting out ... you think too much . just stop thinking for once . you are so weird . speak up , you don't have to be so quiet . are you blushing ? do you embarass easily ? ( behind my back ) she's a strange ... infjs are known to be really good observers . because of this we are very sensitive to noticing things about people most other's would skim right over . furthermore , we ponder the options and various ... oh so familiar . it's more or less about the ability for me to focus on my own thoughts through the noise . infj's are known for their desire to withdrawl into themselves but i think a lot of that ... '