' mbti and socionics types have no direct correlation . if you want your socionics type , do some research . mbti defines personality through a study of behaviors , actions , and tendencies . socionics ... iee : leading function-ne . creative function : fi . role function : se . point of least resistance : ti ile : leading function : ne . creative function : ti . role function : se . point of least resistance : fi ... just popping by to clear up some misconceptions . both subtype theory and the idea that individuals can be typed according to physical characteristics are sub-branches of socionics . some socionics ... socionics functions correlate extremely well with jung's original definitions if you care to look into it . socionics also sidesteps the huge j / p mess that mbti created and adheres to jung's original ... http://www.socioniko.net/en/articles/table3.gif we certainly do have a tendency to yammer on about the wonderful concept of duality online , but it is an online personality forum . i guess once people run out of comparing and contrasting preference ... valid point . relationships between istps and enfps take compromise on both parts and a willingness to accept weaker aspects of your personality while embracing your strong points . i don't understand ... istp's are not supposed to hate enfp's ... from a socionics perspective , which you are basing this post off of , they are dual relationships , while not all sunshine and daisies , have the potential to be ... thanks for your open minded attitude and non-typist comments . have a great day ! you got it . best of luck with all your future self delusions . of course you don't , just a suggestion . and no , of course disliking enfp's isn't an estp qualifier . it's more of an observation of your general demeanor and attitude . ever considered estp for a type ? might want to . actualized type : enfp ( who you are ) extroverted ( e ) 71.43 % introverted ( i ) 28.57 % intuitive ( n ) 67.74 % sensing ( s ) 32.26 % feeling ( f ) 53.33 % thinking ( t ) 46.67 % perceiving ( p ) 76.47 % judging ( j ) ... yeah ... reading up and becoming a lot more familiar with socionics theory is gonna be helpful when answering these questions . i personally find socionics to be far more dynamic and interesting of a ... onefishtwofish na , that ended up being one of my crazy endeavors that never really panned out . i spent 50 days exploring utah rock climbing , hiking , kayaking and such and now i'm enrolled in app ... oh , and guacamole rules . the socionics istp or sli , uses si-te as opposed to ti-se in mbti . on top of that the socionics functions differ slightly from the mbti functions . si / ne and fi / te do indeed find each other sexy , but ... yeah i'm not quite sure how to do this whole uploading pictures thing ... i do believe i got the links working though http://s1211.photobucket.com/albums/cc433/WAR0808/?action=view&current=Snapshot_20110507_14.jpg#!oZZ10QQcurrentZZhttp%3A%2F%2Fs1211.photobucket.com%2Falbums%2Fcc433%2FWAR0808%2F%3Faction%3Dview%26curr ... ne is the bomb.com when i'm in the mood for running around in a demented manner convincing others i recently broke out of the asylum . it simply doesn't get much more fun than that . however , in ... is an ex-caterpillar a butterfly or a caterpillar you once had relations with ? another awesome playlist . and broken bells is probably my favorite band . they have a new ep out called meyrin fields worth checking out . it's got 4 new songs that kick an unreasonable amount of ass . you should post that one too ! your first playlist was pretty awesome as well , i love tool and red hot chili peppers . this video portrays my typical method of a breakup . i know it's long but worth a watch . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1-Oep9uNwM my inspiring playlist : 1 . welcome home son - radical face 2 . new slang - the shins 3 . fireworks - animal collective 4 . ode to lrc - band of horses 5 . i felt free - circa survive 6 . everybody here ... woohoo ! glad to hear that so many enfps have the ' i enjoy partaking in crazy shit tendency . chickydoda if you have the urge to jump out of a plane 10,000 feet in the sky i don't think that falls ... i'm from tallahassee , but i am currently stationed in auburn , alabama . florida is the jam though ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jDfSqtG2E4&feature=player_embedded the intriguing history of lolcats . i just want the world to be a more aware and sympathetic place with less greed and more love for fellow humankind and fulfilling of untapped potential . rim made an excellent point about society ... i would most certainly consider myself a rebel / nonconformist . any kind of attempt of controlling my free will violates my main desire in life for independence . i have an internal moral compass that i ... i spose she was very attached to her door ... i was waiting for the sawed-off shotgun to be whipped out . the modern culture has gravitated towards a materialistic , selfish , and confining nature in the past decade or so . freedom of expression and radical new views on the world are often viewed as a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoxcZiWK79c definitely every bit as fun as it looks . choose your neighborhoods wisely though ... in order to not take insults personally , you have to take an objective viewpoint and look at what the other person is actually trying to tell you . most people don't mean to actually hurt you with ... well it very well could be depending on how much modern culture has forced you into repressing your natural tendencies . if you have adhd , then i cannot recommend this book enough for you ! find a passion in life and put energy into it to regain a sense of purpose and confidence . it's amazing how much this can eliminate negative thought patterns and give your life a new zest ... my purpose on earth is to be . that simple . i try to live out every moment of my life in absolute accordance with my perception of what i feel is the right thing to do , say , or way to act . i seek ... sometimes you gotta refrain from cracking jokes at funerals metaphorically speaking . but hey , you were just trying to add a little levity to the situation so let's all be friends ! : laughing : haha i suppose it's my intuitive psychic powers kicking into gear . and no worries , i don't know who doesn't love them . i'm 4w3 , but i was also confused between that and 7w6 . check out this site on it , it should be quite helpful . the enneagram blogspot : new ! 4w3 vs . 7w6 - misidentifying mmm sounds like a pickle you've got yourself in there . not referring to when a runner gets stuck between two bases to prevent being thrown out , because this isn't a conversation on baseball . anyhow , ... not try to change their opinons by any means ! just offer different perspectives : crazy : indeed it does not . but we are inspirers after all , so we can always try to open people's eyes . everyone should believe whatever they want to and not impose their beliefs upon others . at the same time though , everybody should at least look into what they actually believe as opposed to whatever ... free love , groovy fashion , and inspiring a mass consciousness change in the entire culture ... gotta be the 60 ' s man ! fellow enfp's , do you ever feel like you are on a different wavelength from many others in terms of life view and just wanting to make an impact on this world as opposed to becoming another cubicle ... make at least 3 people smile every day take up a musical instrument love everything and everyone for a week and harbor no ill-will towards any ( great results ) wake up every morning like it's ... never argue with a fool , onlookers may not be able to tell the difference . - some words of wisdom from a fellow enfp mark twain alternative all day long , followed by punk rock . some of my favorite bands are mgmt , the hives , radical face , broken bells , neutral milk hotel , the shins , motion city soundtrack . gotta get my ... what ? ? give up my enfp-dom and no longer be able to have as much fun at an elementary playground as all the kindergartners ... i think not . i enjoy my sandbox , thank you . '