' hi andres ! welcome to perc ! :) i hope you enjoy exploring the forums . ps : to edit , click the edit post link bottom right of the post you want to edit ( next to reply and reply with quote ) . i ... non-stick let me give you a hug someone else can fix it pan this happened to me yesterday ! someone came and asked if i know how to do x , i said it is possible to do , but i didn't know how , and told her who would know so she could go and ask them ... but she ... mood : hungry reason : just realised i started getting breakfast and go distracted and didn't actually eat it ... : rolleyes : stone 100674 - wow , an instructor ! that's awesome ! :) what made you go to that level ? i did mine through st john australia . :) so far the posts are mainly requirement of work , anyone else out ... ... when you have your set of draws sorted in order of usage . eg 1 : bras singlets undies stockings socks ( paired ) socks ( single ) i sometimes wish i could be more of a social butterfly , like my sister - but although i dislike some of my tendencies at various times , i very much like who i am . i do like stretching / challenging ... mood : tired but very pleased reason : 2 long days of full-on first aid training , scenarios and tests - pushing me socially , mentally and emotionally - but i passed the course and have the knowledge & ... yes - i got mine today ! :) a few weeks ago i saw a fellow commuter passed out on the floor , staff were already helping her but i just felt so helpless not knowing what to do had no-one else been ... hello fellow istjs , just wondering if you have ever had your first aid certificate and what prompted you to choose to get it . and if not , have you ever considered getting it ? ( please remember ... ... when you type out an example or more detailed explanation , then delete / summarise it ( ' cause it's a little too ott & istj-ish : shocked :) , then post an example or more detailed explanation at a ... ^ agree . although i have started buying certain things in the bigger / normal / family / bulk size , dividing it up into portions and freezing some . ;) but i actually meant : 1kg pack = $ 2.50 , on special ... have been doing a first aid course and today my patient for the fell off a roof scenario commented to the instructors that she would want me there if she ever really did fall off a roof ... lost lying , cheating , harassing people , crossing my line / barrier . during high school i cut off / ignored various people at various times for various things . major one was relating to group work project ... lol ! my mum is always reminding me that it's only a special if you needed it in the first place . : cool : i just love the specials were it becomes cheaper to buy 2 smaller packets / jars / etc of the ... ^ ow ! hope you feel better soon ! ! :( mood : awesome ! reason : i dyed my hair last night . didn't turn out the colour i'd hoped , but it's still nice . :) ^ that is sooo me too ! ! ! : crazy : i did this once , the two of us tried on some clothes in a shop . i hesitated at first , but she asked for my opinion , so i told her it's nice but it was too ... tantrums hiya david ! welcome ! hope you enjoy hanging out at perc ! : happy : just today i was asked by a colleague why he keeps finding me in odd places [ to eat my lunch , take a break , etc ] . my response ? because there are no other people around . :) i went to a social ... been drunk ? no . most i've ever had is half a glass of wine at my sister's ( not even my own ! ) 21st . i guess that poster on the school noticeboard of the girl by the toilet regretting the choices she ... toy car karma nooo , i was way to weirded out ! think it might have been the light switch ( ? ? ) ... i dunno . i did notice that they even had fake drains in / on the floor too ... wrong . just wrong ! ! how i managed ... well , i've decided on some things i want to do . i'm dying my hair ( for the first time ever ! ) ... although it is only a semi-perm ( yeah , i'm a wuss ) , a tour at the local botanical gardens , some art ... ( arthur and ) the invisibles when the change room at a shop is done up like a shower ( tiles , shower taps and the light was in the shower head ! ! ) and you're too busy thinking this is sooo wrong ! ! that you don't even really ... i have a few weeks off from work . no big trip or plans organised , maybe just a few outings to here & there , but really i'm just looking forward to having a break ! :) but it got me thinking ... what ... hiya wetsoks , welcome to the forums . :) your avatar is very cute , meercats are awesome ! welcome joyjay ! ! : happy : there are so many forums and types here , you are bound to find a collection of people who are like you . although , of course , not exactly the same as you because we are , ... hello & welcome kozokana ! have fun exploring the forums ! :) mood : relieved ! reason : i have a manager ! ! and to top it off it's the applicant i was hoping it would be . :p roud : blue a few years back , a stranger passing by commented on my beautiful smile . ( i don't remember what had happened or what news i'd received to make me so happy , but i remember the compliment ! ) being ... mood : over it . reason : team has been manager-less for 3 weeks , ' nuf said . :d ry : teacher ear plugs hey dumbluck , if in response to a forum discussion , you can mention them ( eg : dumbluck ) or quote some / all of their post and they get notification message , or just hit reply to the thread & they ... belonging * waves at degardes * welcome to the forums - pretty friendly bunch , so feel free to explore and contribute . : crazy : * waves at rain king * welcome to perc ! : happy : have fun exploring and contributing ! : crazy : addicted hiya dumbluck ! :) question : what colour / pattern are your favourite pair of socks ? have fun exploring the forums ! :) in high school i failed a maths test . pretty sure my mark was less than 30 % . ( ps : there is no singing in the shower at my place , but i'll happily sing along to the radio / cd when it's just me ) hey niss ! yep , long time no see . :) well the majority of my team are early birds and arrive anywhere between 7am and 8: 30am , but they leave by 3:30 pm . i arrive about between 9am and 10am . but stay until at least 5pm and sometimes stay ... get back to work <- jokingly said yes / okay what did you break this time ? <- usually in response to co-workers wanting it assistance well that's wrong too easy already done it's ... '