' i like babies and playing with them . but when i play with them i throw myself on the floor , i roll around , play with toys its just like being a kid again . it is so funny to see what you guys write because its like exactly what i think . i hate being emotional in front of people and when i see girls crying i just need to run away haha i cant emphatize ... this is a nice thread lol im in a relationship with an enfj and i keep hurting his feelings ( unintentionally ) . we are so different , he likes to be with me all the time and i feel suffocated . i need ... i do like make up and shopping but only online so i dont have to interact with other humans : laughing : and i love having male friends however right now i am in a relationship and he doesnt like that ... hi , i'm an istj mom as well . if i have yo be around other moms i just stay there quietly and try to avoid any boring conversation like gossip , emmotional stuff ... im glad i saw your post . i've felt ... you know you are an istj when you carry toilet paper in your purse ... you never know ... haha that's me when ... - you realize you are like dilbert - you enjoy going to walmart with your paper list - you measure absolutely everything with time - you do exactly the same thing every morning before ... i have an outstanding memory , i can remember flavors from something that i ate when i was a little girl . i remember a lot of details from a situations such as a scent , the weather ... so weird haha ... i'm feeling a bit down , too constricted at home and 0 socializing :( what more inspiring than a lot of bright happy colors ? ? ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhheiPTdZCw i am like that all the time , it's just my way of making a conversation ! i don't know exactly how to flirt but it happens to me often that people think that i am flirting when i actually not indeed haha usually is the same for me , most of the people like me but there is always an individual that hates me haha i agree with the others , saying the truth and apologizing is the best way to go :) i don't like dressing up or thinking like everyone else does . i think i'm pretty unique when it comes to some of the things that i like or my way of seeing things . i hate being late , i am always on time . if i'm going out with my friends and they say let's meet at 7pm i am ready at 5:30 haha , when i get there at 7pm they all get there until 8 ... so i managed ... when i am attracted to someone i blush a lot , i sweat a lot , i start shaking haha i don't know how to flirt , i try to find excuses to talk to them , i avoid eye contact or immediately i'll start ... hum ... it depends on the situation , i do consider myself a really good liar . but i don't like to lie i rather say the thruth even if it hurt someone else's feelings ... - i focus a lot in my duties - i am extremely punctual - detail oriented - completely dependable when it comes to meeting a goal at work that is exactly what i am talking about :) ♥ my relationship with my intj is great ... we felt attracted the minute we saw each other . i love his sense of humor , we talk about everything , i love cuddling with him and when i have a problem he ... my mom says i am a cat when i need food or a hug i am around but when i don't need anything i just disappear haha oooohhh i feel the same way ... also i am very paranoid about other peoples intentions because i feel that they are going to turn their back at me ... i had a dream where i couldn't take a monkey outside my closet and he did this strange noise which made me feel very scared . and i remember my dad saying to me give him the orange ! ! ! and this ... ohhh god ... where do i start haha my dreams are the weirdest things in the world haha i usually dream about work , my beloved one , my baby and the end of the world the last one is pretty common for me ... 111842  1118 50 wooow that is kind of my situation ... right now i am with a intj . i think of him as the one . i really love him and i don't want to loose him ! i am also a single mom and he has been there for us since ... - i don't like to stare at other people's eyes and i feel awkward because i know that they feel weird about it - my eyebrows and my ears - my tone of voice - talking in public - sometimes i keep ... that is called being assertive and that is one step closer to feeling better about yourself ! i completely agree with lilsnowy ! let me tell you something that i've learned it doesn't matter how everyone else sees you . the important thing here is that you start to see yourself as this unique great human being . start focusing ... i like cats but i don't want to get one bec i know how the story will end ! ! ! the thought of a badger being this smart never crossed my mind ! ! ! they will be the cat's enemies for sure ! ! ! same here ahaha hahaha that's my kind of humor ... ok ... i have this theory about cats wanting to run the world and have us as their human slaves . i have many friends that owns lots and lots of cats which in my personal opinion i find it ... i will love my child to be an intj ... intellectual who always have to find solutions i have the same feeling , at first i though i was isfj , then i felt more istj and then i realized enfp is more like me ... so now i am just confused ... i just feel the dark humor building up in my mind and trying to get out of my mouth ... usually when i say something people just tell you are sooo weird ... and they laugh which is something good ... i have a really dark sense of humor as well and i am quite sarcastic , i can't help it . ohhh i think this is convincing me more and more that i might be enfp i feel related :D what i am writing is not made up , it doesn't make sense for me to make up something just for the sake of it . probably i'm not explaining myself properly . i'm sorry about that . still i appreciate you ... for me , we talk about it in a playful manner but sometimes i think the deal is a little bit more serious for him ... i know this annoying hehe don't get me wrong , when this kind of situation happens we speak of it in a playful way . he is not demanding who am i allowed to speak with . he knows that i am not going to restrain myself of having ... he accepts that he is jealous . he says i don't like to see you laughing with x person and i ask him are you ... jealous ? . i am ... :( he responds ... actually i am the one who doesn't like to ... we spend the afternoon in bed watching tv and we order some chinese food it was great ! : happy : you think ? for me is the first time that i feel really comfortable with someone . usually in my ... i used to think i was istj but then i was looking at the enfp profile and it seems a lot like me ... that's why i removed my type ... because i am confused haha anyways ... i try not to bother ... i took different tests and i get isxj buuut when i read about enfp it feels a lot like me ... i think i'll keep reading until i find out what is more similar to me ... thanks for the suggestions guys ! i think that every type has it's own way of being romantic . for example for me being romantic is taking care of another persons needs and making them feel stable . but i don't feel the need of writing ... that's true , i should spend my time enjoying everything instead of focusing on the bad stuff ... which is not even that bad '