' nay . they were supposed to populate the earth . i'm happy with whatever .. at this point ... .. if only i could come up with a mathematical formula for why i attract obsessive men , and why everyone else thinks i'm arrogant . same here . except i wouldn't describe it as dumbing myself down . i realize now , its not dumbing down : its holding back . i have finite energy , and i'm not going to build a popsicle stick house with ... interesting . see , this describes me more as well .. im more of an outgoing intp .. i have entp bursts , but i've discovered , i am far more intp . people get annoyed or distant when they cant connect with ... ok maybe i am entp ... because its like ... couldn't you see it coming a mile away ? ? ? and dont put yourself down by believing you are any more emotionally unhealthy than anyone here . its doubtful . also , the fact that your # 1 goal in life is finding romance ... well i appreciate ... the most stressful thing you can do , is worry about being stressed . because its not like a light switch you can turn on or off . the first thing you should do is accept the fact that you're ... thanks for the insight . will keep everyone's thoughts in mind . one person i have cut off , i unblocked from said social network . in the first place showing i'm not intimidated , i can keep them ... if any entp out there has every had an issue with people and had a hard time forgiving them ( not forgetting and taking them back into your life , but forgiving and moving on ) if any of you have had ... ok first of all , are you australian ? secondly , nice picture thirdly , about twitter , are you saying thats a good thing ? i personally love twitter , because it allows me to express ... ok someone who really knows ... life drawing or realistic drawing in general , i'm looking for a really good anatomy book , anatomy for drawing obviously . im interested in not just a bunch of nude ... what is personality cafe about , if not to give unsolicited replies to people that you know don't give a - - - , although they took the time to respond in spite of the carefree wording , i totally agree with you . they are hyper conscious of themselves , and never just go with the flow . they are super calculating , in an immediate tactical sense , ... well , orange county is the worst place possible to be an intp . in fact , southern california in general wreaks in those terms . if you're not at the huntington beach oktoberfest every year chanting ... here's my take on estp guys . they see themselves as smarter than most females . i dont mean book smart . smart in the things that matter to them . intellect , social skill , ti , stuff . and in many cases ... congratulations on the 3 years . you must have found a decent one . that aside , here's my letter to a different estp dear estp you are a total douche . sincerely , intp that will never ever ... actually , they do ... nah , i just had a weird brain day yesterday . do you ever have those ? i realize the greeks had it . but i mean in the modern era . i was obsessed with robots before robots were cool . i also have a thing about manhole covers . there ' something very fascinatingly unfascinating about them . i get obsessive about historical stuff ... i judge my own intelligence on a day to day basis . i only answer questions i put to myself , because i hate everyone else's questions . however , i recently believe i am ever so slightly more intp as ... before i even finish reading this thread : 1 . you are both crazy making . 2 . i would warn anyone off the both of you . 3 . i'm guessing there is more to her side of the story than you are letting on ... better yet , how many hadron colliders would it take to change a dark sucker in the middle of a black hole ? they are wrong . that pretty much describes me . the sock drawer has socks . do i match up the socks ? no of course not . but they all go in one drawer . same with silverware . they go in one drawer . do i sort them ? no , ... can't imagine most of you fellow intps haven't seen this . i read it like 15 or so years ago . thank god for the internet . enjoy . the dark sucker theory for years , it has been believed that ... whats good for the goose is good for the gander . if he wants to be in a relatinoship with an infp , and get the benefits that come from being with an infp , especially an obvoiusly caring mature one ... thanks , so i'm going for quality ... i dont mind inefficiency as long as i get a decent enough refernce photo out of it . i'll give the print screen a try , but keep the others in mind you mean ... pathetically , this was the most useful reply . thanks though . never used that button . dear esfps stop having crushes on me . i know i'm fascinatingly oblivious to your game , and it drives you nuts , but all the girls that swarm you are giving me a hard time . dear esfjs if you act ... ok i posted this one the science and technology forum , but i thought if any type was most likely to have the answer , it would be intps . i want to draw stills from movies . i want to capture those ... no , not all of them . i'm not . only the ones between the ages of 20 and 32 , that live within a 50 mile radius of me . ok you hardcore remind me of a guy i have believed is esfp . he is manipulative , he uses people , he gets retributive ( word ? ) , bitchy , paybacky , self entitled when he thinks someone else has my ... i know what you mean . we are very gullible socially , and very easily manipulated . that is , if i'm right in that you sound like myself . the thing is , we won't always know right away , and even when we ... i learn things as i need them , and as i am intruiged by them . i have not been impressed with a lot of articles i have read on here , so i never got through to the ones that explain why intp is ... im sorry but the s comments in here are the kind i always find i should ignore .. they are all like oh well maybe the girl this or maybe the girl only meant that . go with your gut the girl was ... those are some great sites ppl , thanks . yeah , and even non drawing stuff , concept art , is still pretty inspiring , as it reminds you to think outside the box ... can't ask them , need ppl ne dom . what kind of sensor guy , esxx i believe , will continue to cyber-stalk the online presence of an entp girl that has made it clear she no longer wants anything to do ... you too ? on the esfp thing ? god yes . the females i just dont get at all , and the males are always liking me but i dont get along with them becasue i dont like games . do you find esfps to be ... ... when your achilles heel , your feelings , are the things you should least discredit , yet the things you consistently want to discredit the most .   ... when sp guys right and left are falling over ... afterthought : why would entps even need to shower complements ? they don't . they draw people already . some people here are equivocating compliments with verbal affirmation of one's affection . the two are not the same . everyone needs to hear , by way of verbal expression , affirmation of their ... can anyone into drawing tell me the websites they go to for inspiration , education , etc ? right now i'm into learning realistic drawing , though thats not the goal , its more of a tool . thx know why you are doing it . both of course :) exactly . who the hell is he to be entitled to better treatment than you ? he can make mistakes and is entitled to civil treatment , he can be human and step on your toes and expect to ... nooo . it . is . not . your . fault . this is an absolute falsity , do not let yourself think it . i dont mean you dont make mistakes . i'm sure you and he both step on each other's toes sometimes ... that dude sounds like a real a-hole . a kind person would try to draw you out and include you . thats what i would do if i saw someone that was the quietest in the group . ask where they work , joke with ... my mom is infp , and we are best freinds , always have been . i can see myself with an infp guy , although it would have to be with one selfless , the way my mom is . no more selfish feelers , i hate them . gotta solve the problem of paradoxes first ... hawking doesn't believe its possible '