this is a concept i have been trying to communicate / get across to my husband for at least the last ten years , so i will be curious to see what others have experienced . my husband is an istj ... and ... never say ' never ' . your statement is absolutely untrue . welcome ! ! and i am glad i am not the only one that finds the smiley to be creepy :-) welcome ! one of my good friends is an entp and he teaches a few adjunct courses at a local university ... though he admits he wouldn't want to do it full time , he does enjoy it as it adds variety to ... welcome ! love you istjs with your stability and loyalty ... things that i crave but hate at the same time :-) i love to party ! ! even in my 30s ! but ... i don't want to do it all the time . i need low key moments and downtime , too . duh ! ! you either stand and hover over your computer until kitty leaves on his / her own , or you pick said kitty up and cuddle and kiss her / him until they are annoyed with you :) one of my best friends , and one of the people i care most about in this world is an intp ... i am an enfp and i am sure i must drive her crazy sometimes . we seem to have a great balance , though , even ... btw - i really love your avatar - where can i get me one of those ? i have one around here somewhere ... but can't find it anymore . welcome , fellow enfp :-) i am completely drawn to istjs , you guys amaze me . as an enfp , i admire your stability and capacity to love others through taking care of their practical needs ( not sure if this is typical , but that ... oh ... and i am an enfp and i really could use a hug right now ... and for someone to let me cry for a bit . and i don't think i could exactly articulate why ... i am an enfp and , i hate to admit it , but it hurts me to my core when i realize someone does not love me as much as i love them . or when i find out i put others off - that really sucks . yes ! ! ! except i call them cows . :-) my masters thesis is in this topic area ... i love public speaking if : 1 . i know the topic area inside and out 2 . i can joke with the audience ( in other words , i have to know the audience ... not the individuals , though ) 3 . i am on center ... i had a a good friend drop me over a year ago . i knew what she was doing because i had seen her do it to others . she doesn't typically make it permanent , but it hurt me so much that i became stubborn ... spree or kick ... call it what you want , but i know exactly what you mean :-) of course ! yep . i am still processing my response to you lol ugh . sometimes i am sick of always being the person that tries to understand where everyone else is coming from ... what don't you try to understand me for once ? care enough to do that . thank you . and you can't articulate how it made you feel ! ! ! i get it ... i really do ... but can't quite articulate how i feel about it yet :-) i'm so sorry for you ... i know the feeling and am halfway there myself . for me , it seems to occur when i feel i've done something to damage a relationship or when i have had little contact with people ... also my favorite in the franchise ! i never cared for the original much ... and i hope i can say i am also too young to have fully appreciated it ... it was off the air when i was a kid , so i think i can ... thanks for the guide ! welcome , fellow enfp :-) welcome ! enfp here ... and also new :-) welcome ! welcome ! i am an enfp that is married to an istj ... makes for a very interesting relationship :-) enjoy the site ! welcome ! always wanted to visit miami ! welcome ! i hope you are able to find other freedoms in your new normal . good luck :-) welcome ! is your username a tng reference ? welcome ! whatever i feel like doing ... don't stifle me ! lol definitely spit mouthwash , though ... and swallow whiskey and tequila , but not at the same time . hey ... do you think pointy shoes are completely out of ... definitely not alone ! i always have my journal with me ( for figuring out my feelings and some creative writing ) just in case no one is in the mood to talk . i wonder how many enfps engage in this type ... welcome ! i am new here , also , and share your sentiments about this site . i am an enfp , though , but believe it or not , i often feel a little lonely even when i am with others . hi ... i am an enfp that has been married to an istj for 13 years . lately i have been working hard at trying to communicate how i feel about something in the most loving and constructive , non ... i sometimes go to public places just to talk to any stranger that will talk back ... i guess that makes me sound pathetic lol , but i love it ... get so much energy from it ! typically i will go to a ... i married an istj ... do i need to say more ? also ... why can't people just be respectful and inclusive at the workplace ( and in general ) ? ? this drives me crazy when someone is left out or ostrasized ... @ viva omg ... looks exactly like the interior of my car most of the time ! ! i just love this forum ! i generally want to laugh or be entertained ... shows i love and have loved ... * next to all time favorites the chappelle show the office * parks and rec * whose line is it anyway ( this show cracked ... i really feel for you because i truly understand how you are feeling . i am in a similar situation ... only have my thesis left , but haven't been able to even start it ... can't decide what to do for it ... i often want to run away and start a new life ... there is just so much i haven't yet done or seen or been part of ... and i also think of morbid things , then beat myself up for thinking them :-) i'm an enfp and i can't decide what to say ... : happy : when you go to the grocery store and look into the faces of people you meet and wish you could be an integral part of their world , even if only for a while . hmm ... pretend i am a character in a novel or tv show , write fan fic , and generally whatever i feel like doing ... married to an istj , so if i have alone time i am like a kid in a candy store with my ... so looking forward to learning about how to best relate to everyone i love ( which is , essentially , everyone lol ) . i almost cried when i found the istj / enfp relationship thread as i am currently in a ...