' i suggest you read through the istp forums , especially the few related to istp relationships . not to be discouraging , but if you've been waiting this long you may need to consider moving on . istps ... thank you for making me lol by admitting you had headphones in , which is something i could see myself doing . just made it home for a major rabbit show . keep working toward increasing your sense of well being - being fullfilled and happiness - yes , this is possible , at times for a few moments and other times ... as a counseling provider rebt is one of my faves ! ! ! i think it includes what cognitive behavioral therapy was missing - the emotional . i think the spiritual is a necessity at well if one is ... my experience is that istps are not touchy with people they don't care about . the closer the person is to them the more they are inclined to give physical affection , which is interesting as physical ... infjaxyg focus on your personal growth . are you happy with you ? if not , why and work on it . do you have a good relationship with yourself ? if there is really and ni thing going on then you need to ... just answering to give you more ideas from my brother's job choices ( he's an istp ) . worked for an ( animal ) feed store in teen years . worked in the automotive department at a major chain store ... i year ya . i am great at understanding other's feelings , but mine seems so hard to understand and its hard for me to talk with others about them . vent - i finally come out of my feelings shell and ... is that even possible ? even when i try to ease into being vulnerable by sharing a small amount of ( core ) information i feel like i have totally exposed my inner most being . i can share a lot of ... he definitely cares for you and values you in his life . have you ever felt that special chemistry between the two of you when talking alone ? the type that seems to slow time down and feels totally ... i tested infp for years as for mtbi . it wasn't until a chat with some perc members that i realized i was infj . i have dealt with feel anxiety and depression . i say felt because they were often not ... when you were a child and knew things that happened before you were born about your parents that no one ever told you . when your talking to your entj daughter and you let slip the dots your connecting in her conversations . you have sigh a relief when she doesn't catch what you just did because her ne didn't ... i'm starting to get really pissed at the surveys that keep popping up when i am on a perc forum and i can't just ignore , click x to get back to my forum screen or click the back button to get to the ... dear es_j please let the istp & infj ( sp wanta be ) streamline the maual ( make it 35 pages instead of 150 ) and write it in words that are understandable to the usual person ( if my infj brain doesn't ... being spsx , 4w5 , i can understand the difficulty connecting with groups . i used to be connected more with groups , but have been doing a lot of work on me and needed the separateness to identify me ... i agree with gilfoyle . keep in touch with your ti in the moment to prevent from doing something you regret . ( in other words don't get in a grip and overthink . ) a safe way to develop se is go ... protect yourself and your children . its not worth loosing your identity , self-confidence and sense of sanity . your children need you at your best . i had to leave an unhealthy marriage and if anything ... visiting with my parents . mom was 13 and dad 17 when they met . they didn't really like each other the first time they met . the second time they met mom was 15 and dad was 19 and that was when mom ... at home , : smug : sorry couldn't resist . i've been enjoying some solitude . not sure i am the best to ask that question . it's easier to tell you where i hate to hang out . the mall especially at ... one thing to consider is that he may have come to a peace about the attraction . just because you don't feel , sense , read what you used to doesn't mean he changed his mind . also , be careful what ... lots of good advice . its been over 15 years since my ex cheated and left me and the children . a lot of good has come out of the fact i didn't let it destroy me and the children . i am much stronger ... thank you for the emotion word lists . i'm all giddy . i think those are the best lists i have seen . since i am a clinical social worker ( counselor ) and executive director of a counseling agency i'll ... i think keeping things on strictly professional basis is the best for him and you . it will also help protect you from his personal issues interfering with work . if there are issues in his marriage a ... troll the infp forums . something like , i have become fond of you , enjoy spending time with you and would like a . us to officially start a relationship and see where it goes or b . you to be my ... infj and christian . for me its about a relationship with god / creator . i believe jesus christ was god in human form ( without sin nature ) and proved how much he loved humanity by going through the ... i can be flirty when i am relaxed and just having fun . i have had guys think i was being more than just nice when treating them like i treat everyone else . when i start really having feelings for ... take it from someone who's been there . there's a right time to let go and walk away . if the other person chooses to live in their misery there's nothing you can do to make them leave it behind even ... i was wondering the good or the bad butterflies before i started reading . depending on how empathic you are , you may also be sensing his butterflies and therefore making the butterfly effect feel ... shit , that scares me , except the science that is incorrectly defined as truth . a mentor once told me that a person will often target their anger ( rage ) on the person ( s ) closest to them because this person is safe . maybe that is the case for you with your wife . this mentor also ... istpshin you suck at relationships and act indifferent , but deep down , you desire a deep and meaningful one . i'm supposed to be great at relationships , but have found few to be deep and ... thank you for responding . i will try to clarify what i am asking . i'm ( infj ) working to communicate better with the istps in my life . when you are intently listening to someone do you get so ... thank you all . i laughed as i took a break from getting ready for a big inspection coming up that our company has to meet 85 % of like 300 of 450 pages of a standards manual so we can provide high ... do you have to consciously make yourself respond in a one on one conversation , especially if you have mainly been listening ? i don't see this with my istp brother , but with my istp friend . i will ... voncloft i don't think you are being an asshole . your reasons seem rational and considerate of potential children . i understand the pressure you feel from your mom to give her grandchildren . it's ... i am looking forward to 2017 . i think its going to be good year . i feel better than i have in years . 2016 has been maintaining status quo while coming back to a complete acceptance of me after 2015 ... dora - are you sure your isfp ? : wink : you sound so much like me . i guess the 4w5 rather than the cognitive functions is the similarity . w w - you remind me of my daughter who's in her first year ... being judgmental - yes , infjs can be judgemental . as for me , both my parents are js . the more mature i get the less judgemental i am . i think the motive behind an action is more important than the ... for me it can take too much energy not to be nice . tick someone off and then have to deal with their mood , draining , unless i'm in a take no crap mood and can meet them . i so understand not doing parties and other social functions . i am talking about anywhere you have an opportunity to ease drop without being creepy . standing in line at the bank , for food , to check ... i'm a therapist ( lcsw ) and know the basic 4 personality types well . i started learning mbti / keirsey / jung a year and a half or so . i normally test infp , then enfp and once isfp . no more than a few ... as and infj woman its not so difficult to me men , but its been difficult to meet high quality men that are willing to go deep . those willing to go deep and still be logical ( logical to my mind ) seem ... for me when there has been uncertainty of getting what i want in a situation ( any situation ) for a long period of time and then circumstances change and its 95 % guaranteed to happen i still question ... i have only known 1 infj male for sure and i respect where he has come from and continues to grow as a person . there is a guy who i have thought is istp , but then i wonder if he is infj . he carries ... f . depending on how reserved he is , sharing something like this could make him feel very exposed to everyone . however , he would also probably appreciate that you are reaching out trying to understand ... thanks to all who have responded . very interesting read . i believe in life ( existence ) after death especially because of an out of body ( near death experience ) when i was around 11 years old . to ... i think anxiety is very common for infjs . if you are an empath , which i think most of us are in some manner or another , have mercy - that just perpetuates it . i've experienced anxiety just as far ... i did a lot of therapy after my children's dad left , let's see , around 16 yrs ago . as wums said it can open up a can of worms and it did for me , but glad i did it . i went back to college at that time ... i wouldn't go by the last part of the conversation being your monologue and therefore she should respond next . if an opportunity comes up say something as simple as hi and smile . take the opportunity ... '