' is it just me , or does it sometimes seem that this world was not made for intps ? i feel too claustrophobic to compete in this overloaded world . i'd rather just stay at home and formulate my theories ... 525434 5254 42 525466 5254 74 525450 * chants thread revival mantra * i'm showing this thread to my isfj girlfriend , in hopes that it may enlighten herself and myself as to the qualities of our personalities and the intricacies of ... if intps are independent scumbags , entps are needy scumbags who will do anything to get people's attention ; i . e . , this thread . / endthread 1 . i love going out to random events and generally hate spending whole days in my house ( though i do sometimes have social anxiety ) . 2 . lately i've been approaching more random people and saying ... thank you : kitteh : all of that is besides the point , being that i , as an intp ( maybe it's just me ) , couldn't care less about gaining any sort of material status . i'd rather figure out the world puzzle . if it means ... you sound like an infp my friend . definitely not an extrovert ( like me ) . you should try getting out of the house every now and then . just find an event you're interested in , and go out having no ... you remind me of this infj girl i work with . she's very sociable and can even seem extroverted , but she spews ideas and thoughts that i'm sure we all have deep down inside and i think it's shocking ... you sound a lot like my old entp buddy haha . i was going to say maybach but i wasn't sure anyone would know what it was . i want to be the ceo of a multi-million dollar startup , drive a cadillac to work , and be looked up to as a proficient leader . 1 . people think i'm unconfident , or indecisive because i take a while to answer questions , or when i do my answer sounds like a question . is there really only one right answer ? ( there he goes again ) ... 1 . that sounds like intuition to me . also you're quickness to decipher outcomes is j-ish . on track . 2 . sounds like the cool , calm , collected demeanor of the intjs i've known . makes sense , seeing how ... i don't think i'm mistyped but it's possible . for me it's logic , logic and logic . i like to do things for fun , and sometimes just follow my intuition on a whim . sometimes i seem illogical and like ... although i'm sure this was meant as a joke . i have to agree with you . i believe intps are already hyper mindful ( intp - hypermindfulness ) . meditation is supposed to be an exercise in becoming even ... intpoetry please do a critical analyses of my work ! i know there's not much to go off of with that selection but i'd appreciate the criticism . samples from short stories : dazed and confused i awoke , still hung over from last night ’ s nightmares . crusty maroon , cherry-scented vomit caked the side of my aunt ’ s guest bed , carpet ; my ... i like entjs sassiness . it turns me on but it bonfires and dies . < / 3 i looove entj women , but they're difficult so i settled for an isfj ( we'll see how long it lasts ) . i work with an entj who has to soften his intrinsic qualities and he does just fine . many people like him ( though some don't ) , and he's considered one of our better coworkers . he does have his ... entjs are literally just the inverse of intps ( switched extroverted and introverted functional stacks ) . we're like their shadows , their secret dark sides , their subconsciouses . we daydream of living ... to be honest i've always really been attracted to the bold , outspoken types as well ( had a really bad fall for an entj about a year ago ) . dating an isfj has just been a nice switch up i guess . like ... me in highschool : - did a ton of drugs because i thought it would expand my consciousness ( maybe it did , maybe it didn't ) . also it gave me automatic friends ( most of my friends ) , so i didn't really ... i take offense to this . my current gf is an isfj . although she lacks intellectual smarts , her emotional intelligence is quite a relief for me ... but i am coming from a world of dog eat dog nts ( my ... the above video is pretty good , except for the guy doesn't speak very distinctly lol . so i'm an intp currently in a relationship with an isfj . i didn't realize before that we had the same ... when i was in middle school i went through this emo phase where i listened to death cab and read vampire books . now i think i am the devil . footnotes : i mean that i think i'm the devil because i'm ... my interest is piqued . i've never heard of this game , but i'll give it a shot . anyone played the last of us ? now that's a game that can put you in tears . thank you all for your cordial responses . much love it's nice to know that it's not just limited to males lol . #intpfemalesrock #fuckhashtags art is expression , as intps art can be an invaluable outlet for our pent-up , unconcious emotions that we're so detatched from . let your brush guide you where it may . nothing is wrong or right in art ... kendrick lamar - untitled unmastered as an intp male , i don't know how to navigate the emotional aspects of relationships very well and feel stupid . i like being in relationships , but when emotions run high i shut down . #frustratedintp as an intp male dating an isfj female , i'm finding it extremely tough to deal with her hyper-emotional views / reactions . we've been dating for about a month , and everything was mostly good , except for ... this is true . i think i put too much faith in the whole mbti perfect match system . people are much more complicated than those 4 letters seem to indicate . i'm currently dating an isfj , a type i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tHhs5vBYGs i hope y'all are on that new kanye west . isn't he the epitome of an entj ? do entjs see themselves as superior to other types ? or to everyone else in general ? are ye all steve jobs , napoleon-esque hard-charging types ? do you all believe your logic is the most profound , ... it seems you are on two opposite ends of the pole ( both of those types are literally the exact opposite of each other ) . are you bipolar ? you could be subconsciously trying to convince yourself that ... you're right , it is weird . and i think i've come to a sudden epiphany as of late . i'm beginning to realize i actually like fj types . they're more loving , yet still somewhat controlling . the upside is ... make of it what you will haha . haha ! i promise i'm not always that way ... just sometimes when i'm around people too much i get irritated : laughing : but yes , a sitcom ! and intp poetry collabo . you and i together will write the ... i usually cry when i feel like i'm failing as a member of society . as an intp i can be quite unproductive and lost in my head , and social situations give me a lot of anxiety , especially when i'm ... i hate just hanging out . to me , just hanging out is a waste of time . i'd rather be learning something new , or accomplishing some objective . you know you're an intp when you overhear literally any jovial conversation and think that everyone involved is an idiot . i agree , we intps definitely think we know it all , and lionize our ideas as grandiose and unprecedented . another thing that irks me about intps is how cold and logic based we are . intp / intp ... coffee for the stimulant effect . nicotine for the stimulant / creative effect . alcohol for the depressant , chill the fuck out effect . adderall for the being a productive member of society ... haha ! that's surprisingly similar to something someone told me before : never fish off the company dock . you're right though , i had an unhealthy obsession with her . i knew she would never ... i'm a closet smoker ; i smoke alone because i'm conscious of the fact that people look down on smokers . i only smoke one or two cigarettes a day . reasons i smoke : 1 . i like the excuse to go outside ... i love entj females , which is why i want to improve myself to better be able to coexist with them . a typical terse answer from an entj . you're probably right though . i'm probably strange in that the psycho part kind of added fuel to the messy , intense flame . also , it didn't help that she loved ... '