which type would be both strongly moral ( opinion of right and wrong ) while at the same time , detached / factual ( analytical , not feeling-based etc ) ? and because having even one issue that conflicts ... broken sword ? xd was nico a character or something ? yes , when i think of that name i think of them [ plus selena gomez / shot ] and that's what you don't want when a name is supposed to ... manticore my ' name ' generates more jokes than nicknames t_t i think nico's masculinity is fine , because it sounds like both nick and nicole , like jordan . names like aaron or james would ... vinniebob of course , my apologies took you all day to scan identify the cluster of pixels by your screen i must appreciate that effort but how do ya do c ; vinniebob >:( oh god the ottokes and oppas and senpais i feel you hm , given a choice , i don't want a common name nor an exotic sounding one like i'm trying to stand out but one that is ... whoa , you're lucky you get to move around a lot o : here , the country is small and its easy to encounter people you know everywhere , especially if you don't ' change schools ' but rather move ... those of you with normal sounding names , you guys have probably taken it for granted . but i can say that you do not want to be feeling the mental turmoil i'm facing now . bit of history ( only if ... warning : do not encourage barbarians barbarians do not mess around . they hunt the opponent's king from the beginning to the end of the game . they are attacking players who are willing to accept lots of risk , calculating ... personally , i'll follow authority so long the rules etc don't interfere with my interests authority is useful , they're commanded or created by people such as nts i don't actively seek to oppose ... the hatter omg this is so late but i'm on the list what that's nice c ; quite a lot . i'm chinese , regarding race , but i was born in singapore . my parents though were from hongkong and malaysia respectively , so i'm half those . funnily enough , i have several ... see that button there ? the one that says ' do not push ' ? yeah . i can think of more than two c ; name the favourite book of this generation . it's fine ^ ^ hmm well , there are these traits in undeveloped types . intjs are more prone to that , like entjs as well . but a developed intj / entj would account that there is always an unsure ... furuba 9000 ohai someone my age welcome to perc ! appreciating is growing yes indeed , good job c ; its not easy liking something about oneself that was initially disliked hope to see you ... ah i see in this point of view , its impossible to see who's actually accurate because the test results themselves aren't a 100 % accurate portrayal and nobody's personality is exactly the same , ... okay xd yeah you shouldn't have tried but its nice that you did , its always nice to give people the benefit of the doubt c ; unfortunately , in this case you seem interesting you speak like thor but heck yes welcome c ; ironically that title itself has been used several times xdd but anyway weelcome :D its nice here , if you're trigger happy , like me cough drum roll weeelcome :D this is exactly why i love posting in forums so much xd i didn't take my comment on divergence seriously but now i see the possibilities thank you like no really , thank you best bunch of ... would it ? i have not said my opinion on this ' best typer ' matter yet however it would be superior i suppose , depending on the accuracy which is why i did not state ' better ' in my actual question ... of course xd i cant even get angry like msi hahaha don't even bother anymore from what i've just read in thie post this guy's a joke im laughingi cant even the way one perceives the world affects how they do things , is that not the case ? its because of some of these different mindsets that we're better at different things . oh naw i wasn't going ... its absolutely fine i'm not condemning or otherwise disapproving your way of presenting information after all , i can't control that i can only control what i have an inclination to read exactly different types have different skills , don't they ? so you're saying only experience matters ? everything requires some degree of experience , so why isn't everyone equally good at ... hornet why ? : o would there be something wrong in wondering who's most effective at typing ? or did you think it was keyboard typers it is annoying to read there is a reason paragraphing exists exactly it does fit each person specifically compared to the factions in divergent because it is possible to be both ... so you object to this thread but still would like to express your opinion what's with the ' seriously ' then ? c : this on the contrary is an excellent idea for an experiment except not just satisfaction with teachers , but satisfaction in general in the effectiveness of their education / social life first of all , i'm going to honestly say that i didn't read that enormous wall of text which seems largely repetitive and off point and also because i actually agree with youu 200b on the against the ... he's just asking questions to form a more definitive judgement , its a way of gathering information . if interrupting reflection time bothers you , i think you might be an intp are your friends also entps ? do you get all your things done quickly ? let's watch and see c ; oh well i don't think it'll be anything too serious though zero 11 are you seriousing this thread , or that intps are that best ? entps need interesting people also it helps if they're good-looking don't forget that a certain level of mental capability is needed honestly , i think we might be the pickest people ever but ... i haven't seen any threads debating the best typers yet ( not typing like , keyboard i hope you got that ) and i'm sufficiently curious so i thought i'd make one ^ ^ this is open to anyone with an ... u r entp like its very prominent you just pointed out all the entj traits that they share with entps working as a team , trying to lead , that's young entping a more experienced one doesn't ... just reiterating because this is important entps are the most introvertic of extroverts it's not surprising you feel that way i personally am equally inclined to go for an overnight party as ... oh ? this is your own personal projection of your status is candor considered lower than erudite ? or abnegation more pathetic than dauntless ? each sector has their set of talents and abilities ... bella 2014 i'm kidding lmao xd when i comment it already subscribes wait the ratios don't add up say you earn 40k with 4 hours of work versus 400k with 80 hours of work this means that every hour for the 1st case you earn 10k , and every hour for the 2nd case ... snort this whole thread how do yu subscribe to this i think they might be entps because only entps would have both the intellect and enthusiasm to pursue such a job , and be more than moderately good at it they read people pretty well , see ... honestly imagine the world was like divergent except the factions would be mbti , obviously it would be brilliant yeah i've got an intp friend , she's crazy , adhd , and we get along quite well especially idea-wise / conversations its like someone who can actually follow my train of thought ? ? one ... im dying like i can't even laugh its so dying that was excellent idk or maybe its just the word cookie your teacher though , too easily cowed