' go for it . i swap around between my painting side and corporate side a few times every year , and have for twenty years ! see below for details if interested ... motorbike racing ! go casey stoner in the moto gp . riding motorbikes is a great introvert thing . put the helmet on and it is just you , and occasionally your mates together on a winding road somewhere . thanks for the feedback ! absolutely ! i used to wallow in it a lot back in my twenties but now in my 40s i dont have any time to be melancholy ! my favourite wallowing in it songs from back then ... nina simone .. just like ... hi , i have this thing where i am really into my artistic side for a few weeks , and then something shifts inside , like i swap brains or something , and i then have very little interest in the artistic ... hi , does anyone else have an oscillating artistic to corporate temperament thing happening ? i am sometimes in art mode , where i paint and draw etc . then my brain seems to swap to another brain ... gross point blank , pump up the volume and highlander . gpb because of the offbeat humour and the music . puv because of the music and a quiet person being secretly cool . i voted for painting , as that is what i wrestle with the most , and have the most output sitting in the garage , but then i realised that i write more than i paint , but the writing is always half ... i loved living alone , having spent about 20 years in various mixed houses and alone before getting married . for me the time alone was magic , wheras with flatmates , it was hard to carve out alone ... absolutely . when i am in the artistic mode , i feel a drug like state just looking at trees and staring at things . sydney aust . my ideal keeps changing , so i keep chasing it around and around in circles .. i keep coming up with ideas to do grand things which would end up helping parts of the world from my perspective . just the follow through that it is the issue . i remember asking people this question years before i had my own kid . all the girls got mad at me for asking , as if it was a rude question . of course you have children . all the guys answered a ... hey - how about you spend more time alone doing your own thing ? we will head off and leave you alone . john cale does the best one ! i cant believe this one isnt on this thread yet ! ! ! having said that , even though i love john cale and his version , it was the first one i heard . later i also love the ... my handwriting has always been messy . the faster i try and write , the messier it gets . can draw good quick sketches though ! and now i type everything anyway , which kind of sux as i prefered journals , ... i used to be a party smoker , who occasionally built up to 1-2 per day for a few months . glad i stopped totally . i enjoyed it , but figure the health thing makes it mad 1 . cute . start chasing , but initially another guy with a bigger motorbike beat me to her . 2 . oscillating over the years i think . and sometimes different tangents . how i think more about the need for ... i keep seesawing back and forth between my artistic side and my corporate side , being very ineffective along the way . offbeat . empathic enough to normally get a decent laugh and know what would work . corporate job during the day in computers with as little people contact as possible , and then paint pictures when the artistic mode descends . absolutely . worst thing is if you think you have a chunk of time to sit down and do your own thing or read , and suddenly someone has an urgent thing . and you cant just say . oh but i have to sit here . i am a christian with a slightly twisted bent , coming up with bizarre theories that are almost enough to get me kicked out of bible study , but mostly just polite grimaces . try to be mostly . enjoy walking down the street not knowing anyone fantasy as well . patrick rothfuss name of the wind . brandon sanderson mistborn and elantris . i used to pretend to try and be a bit more highbrow . but half way through one of peter careys novels i ... definitely drifters . makes me smile just thinking about it . i have read the book . the two books that i think are better are doc loves the system . can find it on the askmen.com site , and david deangelos attraction isnt a choice . both great ones at trying ... leonard cohen many weeks of plus hundred hour weeks in a high pressure job that i eventually quit . later , the guy i worked with said he was worried that i was going to have a heart attack . i look back and wonder ... sagitarius quit my job years ago to instead go painting and develop the garage band . then the pianist moved to lebanon to dig things up , i panicked and asked for my job back . but it was gone . still was great to ... in fact , now that i think about it , i actually feel lethargic and slightly depressed when i finish exercise , which seems to be the opposite to what is supposed to happen ! i was surprise to read on an infp happiness thread about a guy who loved exercise , as i personally rate it closer to doing the dishes than something i really enjoy . then i looked again and realised ... a few things that make me happy . though i go up and down like a yo yo and still trying to figure it out . i fluctuate between artistic mode and corpoarate mode . so when in corporate mode i enjoy ... wow . have fun ! loved it when i did it a few decades ago . i had 3 months in europe and a month in the states then back to aust . i travelled with a friend for the first two months . as i am a guy and ... i am over 40 and saw this a lot in my 20s and early 30s , and with friends of mine also who would change into more childlike behaviour without realising it in front of their parents . it is what it is , ... thanks for the post . makes me think a bit . as someone who who has almost found a restless but only partly satisfying answer to the what will i do for money but still be able to have time to learn , ... as an infp who has been in a bunch of relationships and is now married , i hear you . have seen more than a few girls walk away and scratched my head . then i found the ebook by david deangelo ... i have been recording my mode swings between artistic and corporate / financial interest , and trying to find some link . i mapped it against temperature the other day , and it seems there is a bit of a ... great original comment , and great that this string is still going after almost a year , so that it pops up to encourage us all , and to remind me that as an infp i am an idealist as well as often stuck ... songs about feeling . cant help but mention my two favourite tear at my heart she has left me songs it makes no difference , the band ; and wedding anniversary by john cale . aahhh great for ... thanks for the reminder . my last workplace they announced it over the speaker and we all stopped at our desks for a minute . maybe it will happen again here i follow a bit of the economic arguments on a useful website safehaven.com some of the entries talk about a krondeiff cycle , and other cycles , which point to a likely cyclic downturn sometime between ... thanks for the tips ! i appreciate the feedback . i have not come across this idea of turning into your opposite before . eg infp becoming an estj . will have to dig into that ! maybe that is what is happening . for me , when ... thanks krentz . it is tough , but there is also some fun in there . and having recently joined this forum has helped a lot to vent some of my frustrations and so feeling a lot better ! i thought i was an enneagram 4 for years , and i do paint and do artistic stuff , but now i am fairly sure i am a 5 , as i enjoy watching the world go by more than doing the actual painting ! . possibly a ... as an infp i have learnt that i move between artistic and corporate modes and these swings last anywhere from a few days to a few months . i have been recordnig the mode changes for the last year ... would love to hear some actual real world tips from people who have succeeded in surviving in a hostile environment ! eg for my , in a relationship with a wife who is likely an estj . controlling ... '