' i think the purpose of life is to live it learning to choose and choosing to learn existing to experience , everything . i can growl like a dog .. but not as laud as they do when they're really at it :p ... yea i grew up with dogs around me : 3 i can make my eyeballs tremble .. only word i can think of describing it . ... noted ;p thinking that i wanna make a dramatic change in my life .. again take my cellphone , plug in my headphones and put on a nice lowbeat chillstep tune , then pack a bag of clothes , stuff my guitar in the ... enfp because according to reliable sources it's the only thing to be .. hahaha that's the spirit ! ^ ^ , so much win ... in such few letters ! you sound almost identical to how i were back when i was 14 aswell .. and it didn't change til i was like 17 or something . what changed is that i stop'd caring what people thought of me .. not ... oooh , nice one ! fair enough .. and no i have no seen the stunning .. whatever that meant i was not able to figure it out :p alright poem .. rhymewhatever crafting here we go ! mental barriers ... would someone mind telling a fella exactly what qualifies as a poem ? .. cause i only write rhymes , not sure if its the same thing or not tbh , all i'm sure of is that the stuff you write doesn't look ... well liking it doesn't make you shallow , but taking it very seriously does . big difference ! ;p why taking it very seriously makes you more shallow is because it proves to show that your a fella who ... hm .. i have an infp friend that i sometimes stop talking to .. avoiding to some degree even . reason for that is that i think i just can't be bothered to talk with someone i know .. i want to talk with ... taking fashion and appearance very seriously doesn't make you less nerdy i think .. think it only makes you more shallow :p my opinion anyway . which u shall have whether u like it or not because ... you remind me about how i was mentally back when i was in my teens . i think i can give you some advice .. well .. insight i guess would be the correct term for it if you want . think i'm feeling quite content with my type .. only thing i didn't use to like about it is that mainly we only understand life and don't really live it . but at some point after a very big push i ... i dunno .. i'm aware that they are manipulative and anxious , sometimes angry or afraid . the attracting thing about them that makes me like them anyway is that the motivation behind it is pure ... meh .. crazy aren't necessarily that dangerous in my opinion .. crazy basically just means you've got a different perspective on the world / life then everyone else .. nomatter if its actually more or ... personally i'm not sure whether i'm cheering for reincarnation or seizing to exist ... would be nice to travel space if we get that far as a species , but on the other hand , its exhausting to exist , ... hiddenangel been trying to figure out what to reply with .. you're right at some points and wrong at some , but i don't want to go into details out in public like this so i'll leave it with that i ... can't say i relate a lot but looking for people being able to talk to you've come to the right place at least , unless you need a face 2face conversation for it to have any value that is : 3 alright guess i could do with a little venting of my own . can't really say i'm angry , mad or any of that sort .. tired i think is the term that would apply best to me . - i'm tired of people always ... nomatter what type you are , obviously experience counts so much more so scratching my head wondering what type would be best would only be a good time-invest if i were placing my bets at some sorta ... haha jesus man you know how to get it said ! :P sitting here eating my evenings as i came across that post , thanks to my imagination it felt like watching a good soap opera episode ! god knows who ... i clicked on related videos .. bro got some rappin ' skills =p u sound good man ! sure have , my cousin and his moms are danish .. old classmate was danish .. but i'm pretty sure that's the pothead aspect of my personality speaking right there ;p haha cool thread =P alright i'll share some of my poems ^ ^ , wrote this a few months ago while frustrated over various stuff about today's society .. way of life . why must people be so afraid of ... my sense of humor eh ? well , i think there are 3 different things i mix into my jokes , metaphors , sarcasm and the last one i'm not sure how to explain , so i'll give you an example instead . at work ... i'm not sure if i got any specific preferences , but one who is able to see the world for its beauty and potential like i am would definitely be a huge pluss . like next year me and my friends are ... i've never had the experience of seeing someone being accused of being misstyped .. new concept to me , as is this whole personalitytest thing aswell tho so no surprise there =p but to answer what ... pretty awsome topic , never really thought about that . that it is an infj thing that is =p my avatar is one of my drawings , tbh i never really thought about its meaning much because i love the feel ... b-e-a-uuutiful <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTK3FCHYrJY http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y124/Skrue2k/naaww.gif http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y124/Skrue2k/12904.jpg http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y124/Skrue2k/11322.jpg ... i'd like to say that many of the artworks i've seen here so far really affected me with their moods , mystical , inspirational and some where i can't even describe the emotion better then that it just ... a picture says more then a thousand words , so here http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y124/Skrue2k/12910.jpg aye comrade , for mother nature ! i really really agree on that one , might very well be the most frustrating , annoying and horrifying part of being an infj =p yea , that too sucks balls :p really ? should check out another social site i'm active on called ipower .. half the bloody userbase are intj's :p hitler ? seriously ? how the fuck did that happen ? : s ot : who i admire the most will have to be ghandi with nelson mandela close behind . worst part of being an infj ? a few years ago i would've said that the worst part about being an infj is that there are a very limited amount of people capable of understanding me , that i never felt ... wow .. what a question , infj filled world ? well , good news is that it isn't the lack of theories that stump me , its the overflood of it =p but my best guess would be a world at peace where we're ... myea , well if u consider the secretive and highly complex you know your only looking at the tip of the iceberg ;) and thanks ;P appreciate the welcome , and yes yay norway ! thankyou for the balloon , here have a needle ! thank god nobody mentioned twilight so i can be the first one .. ! ;p relax , im joking , admin get ur finger off that ban button ! my favo book in self-dev would be 7 habits of highly effective ... hm , real life art i love a great view =p got a little spot 5minutes from my house where i have an overlook over my capital city =P pretty badass place , pretty hidden aswell so i can enjoy my joints in ... why thankyou ^ ^ , haven't voted yet since i'm completely new to all of this personality stuff , so i only know my own type at the moment . although i'll get around to it in the future when i've ... hey ! 21 year old lad from norway here . recently took the personality test @ humanmetrics and shocked with the accurate description obviously become quite interested . i'm here mainly to try n ... '