' : encouragement : im looking to possibly rent out a garage , i found one thats 600 square feet , does anyone know how many cars could roughly fit inside ? tbh i dont even bother trying to win half the time because i know i can https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xla1/v/t1.0-9/12376553_953559478057008_6746645854172744716_n.jpg?oh=da494cfef00cb14a8c7f8683863734dd&oe=571F7C8B gunshots ? me too . k so justin beibs is coming to my city next winter , im thinking i should buy a ticket near the front row for around 300-400 bucks right now , then sell it next year to some dumbass little girl and ... yup passed my driving test today . lol i feel bad because im a new driver but im not nervous like 99.9 % of other new drivers . - _ - istp , indulge their senses with acts of physical affection . they enjoy bear hugs , kisses , massages and other hands-on methods of showcasing affection . anyone else think that is a load of ... cool cool im going to go to amsterdam from the 26th to 28th dec . smoke a lot of weed . im pretty thin too . start work again on 7th jan . chances are im not going to get tested , but just incase , i hope this will ... if i smoke weed once or twice , or even 3 times , after last smoking it over a year and half ago . how long roughly before it will not be detectable in a urine drug test ? or completly out of my system ? this is exactly why i became an engineer althought sparkys have cleaner jobs .. but fuck it basicly i used so many diffrent stud extractors and they all failed . bought these off amazon ; http://i.imgur.com/VlSl3Hd.jpg they ended up putting a chamfer on the end of the bolt which let me ... finally got this cunt out without damaging the internal thread . protip : never use low grade bolts for anything . http://i.imgur.com/4hytz9I.jpg?1 lol everytime i want to build one i always go overboard with the parts and rack up prices over 2/3 k , so i just leave it then do the same next month . i guess theres not really any need to upgrade ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxjyOfJOOxo basicly everywhere and everything tho . the fuck is wrong with this world ? was actually asking if i need anything else . would be pretty retarded to go without a geiger . big man . has all the radiation died down more or less yeah ? i want to go for a few nights , check the whole place out . k im gonna go to chernobyl in the start of april with a friend . no guides or nothing . anyone care to join ? also what do i need just like a geiger counter and im sorted ? this was a really wierd junction though . was a t junction . the right of the top bar on the t was a one way street into the junction , which i came down on . was supposed to give way to traffic ... not everywhere . also i just noticed you are entp . any particular reason as to why you go on the istp section fairly often ? i dont worry . i just rage at why i fail . today i only had 1 fault really , its what failed me . i drove upto a giveway junction but because the ground was really wet , the sun was reflecting into my ... so i failed my driving test today . again . mfw ; http://i.imgur.com/mwwRnCR.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDoRmT0iRic ill try them , thanks no im talking about more advanced stuff . like 3 phase motors / systems , phasor diagrams , magnetism blah blah blah ive tried and tried . still i just dont get it . yeah i know . ive just never been able to wrap my head around how electricity works , so i tend to stay away from any kind of circuitry or whatever . i mean sure ill try but ... im not gonna know what ... what a chode i always sleep like a log . no matter what lol do you mean braze weld like ? i want to stay away from tapping because its a really tight space . plus i have no taps so my wallets going to take a even bigger hit . bully ? what is this bully thing you speak of ? yeah gonna try near all of these tomorrow . dont wana do anything to fuck the internal thread just yet , thats a last resort yeah gonna try near all of these tomorrow . dont wana do anything to fuck the internal thread just yet , thats a last resort its cast iron just before it started to go red hot . its kind of dodgy with the burner because there is oil around the place and also the a / c belt is pretty close the second i saw : 3 i knew you where not istp . i dont have any liquid wrench . not sure if they even sell that in the uk . sunday night right now , everywhere is clsoed so i have to look for new tools for the job tomorrow , ill try find liquid wrench ... calling all people that work with metal . got a serious issue and need ideas on how to fix it . currently have a bolt in my engine block where the water pump is , head snapped off the bolt so a bit ... thats a nice photo . speaking of nice photos who here uses flickr ? these pumps are meant to be a right bastard to remove , look at what this guy had to do to his lmao http://www.bimmerfest.com/forums/attachment.php?attachmentid=261002&stc=1&d=1294199559 not exactly , the pump has 4 holes in it to put w / p bolts into that then thread into the block . then 2 threaded holes that you thread m6 bolts into so they will jack the pump out , because they will ... cant run it no coolant inside , thermostat removed , no rad or fan either atm . the bolt is in the engine block . when i manage to pull the pump out ill be able to weld a new head onto the bolt or get ... i was replacing a water pump today . head of a bolt snapped off . bolts still inside engine block . tomorrow is going to be fun : rolleyes : i hate electricity . i cant see it , cant feel it . it can get to fuck anyone ever snapped the head off a bolt like this ? smfh ... : angry : : angry : : angry : ... saw this on tumblr and i liked it . dunno if this goes in this thread but yeah isfj ( mom ): where are you going with that record player ? istp ( me ): to the garage . isfj : ? ? ? istp : it doesn't ... '