' dear associates , thanks for bashing my isfp-ness . noot . we've known eachother for several years , and now suddenly everything comes out . i thought things were cool . but no . all of a sudden everyone ... i connect being manipulative with being selfish / taking advantage of people for personal gain . i do not see myself doing that . my consience gets too bad . i find myself apologizing a lot instead ... yeah , i'm very disorgainized , but now when i have a steady income i'm trying to get rid of stuff / buy necessary stuff / be more organized . i feel like i get so stuck in the moment that i don't ... yes i'm the same way . it's pretty exhausting . did you draw that btw ? it is nice ! i work with mentally unhealthy people , so it'd be good if i'm somewhat healthy . which i consider myself to be . i feel calm . when i was younger and more unemployed i was prone to be more ... i think i'm acting more cold and uninterested . i might stop contacting the person i'm interested in . i might distance myself from them . if i'm forced to be around the person i'm jelous of / the ... i think that i've dated an estp . he was fun . i liked that a lot . i don't know what else to say ? :P he liked me too but we wanted different things from the beginning . so i disappeared out in the ... as many have said , i don't wanna fight about petty things . sometimes i just lay low to see who'll take advantage of you and who will not . why would you take advantage of someone ? ¤ % ¤ # & ¤ # # ¤ # ¤ w yes . if something happened between you and him three years ago ... and he truly had feelings for you , he might be over it now . if i truly like someone it's either all or nothing , now or never . it ... sweet ! dear whatever-your-type-is , we haven't known eachother for that long . you seem to think that we should hang out every time we're both free . it isn't like that for me though . it seems like you ... i always date younger men ! i'm 29 . the last two i dated was 4 years younger than me : tongue : when i was younger i always found guys 1-2 years younger than me more interesting than older guys . maybe ... why is she with you if she doesn't want to be with you ? for fun ? i'd never do that . because i would not have the patience to be with someone i didn't like so much . yelling is probably one of the ... if someone does something that really goes against my values , then i'd drop them . i just remember when i was a child , there was this girl that could not accept no for an answer when it came to ... dear estj , sorry my thinking is interfering with your talking ! ! me sitting there quiet trying to read something does not mean i want to listen to you talk for another 15 minutes . the hardest part ... left :( i'm going through the same thing ... it is hard to know what to do . so i've been dragging it out . until it gets to the point where you have to see your friend's new partner . so you can either ... how often do you stay up ? if i have not been forced to get up at 6-7 am several days in a row , which means i'll hopefully fall asleep around 00 am , then i'll stay up . i never go to bed by ... yes , songs . not so much the other two . yesterday i had the chance to run into a person i really like and haven't seen in moths . but i intentionally left work early so that i wouldn't run into him :/ that's how i deal with people sometimes . with passer-by's , i keep my distance . with people i have to meet regularly : try to get along with everyone . i categorize them : interesting / unintersting . easy to talk to / not easy to talk to . people ... you sound exactly like an istj i know :p roud : thanks for the replies to my vague question . sorry for not quoting you all . i've figured that if i think it's a betrayal , then it's a betrayal . what is most annoying is that the istj doesn't think ... : laughing : i'm going to sleep on it . thanks for the replies ! what is a big deal ? replying ? yeah , it always feels like he's the one setting the emotional pace . i've had a couple of conflicts with this one . and .. objectively speaking i'd say that i've had ... dear istj , though our relationship went from good to bad and weird , you always text me in at least an hour after you've gotten mine . ( i sound like a 14 - year-old . ) you're probably the only one i ... istjs : do you think keeping information from a person is the same thing as lying ? maybe that question is too unspecific : bored : my mom is easy to figure out : isfj . she's taken the test also . my dad is harder . he loves to talk to people , and always know someone wherever he goes . but on most nights he's usually just home ... i think it could be an awesome match if the two individuals knew how to communicate . a lot of couples don't know how to do that . and i also want to say that it's not your responsibility to fix ... good thread : happy : look - casual looking . not snobbish . or , he can also be you know , artsy looking . taller than me . bigger than me . speak - he should speak the truth :P i'm not up for a philosofical discussion after ... dear istj , i don't know if i'm in love with you or not . i think about you every day , and i usually go through our convesations for myself after we've had them . i can kinda understand what you ... can't remember ! why would i be mean to somebody ? i talk badly about people behind their backs . but i'd say it to their face too , if they'd ever show it . i feel good about it . now i'm also thinking that . because , in a certain relationship , we've established that we're just friends , even though we were going somewhere completely different with it in the beginning . and i've ... i wish i could hire someone who could decide everything for me . i know nothing right now . don't know what i'm gonna do with my job , living situation and some relationships . or maybe i do ... i love you . i don't like you . whoa , let's take some pictures of my face and put them on instagram ! for extended periods in my life i have not had a desire to be in a relationship . i think that's what's stopped me more , rather than fear . well sure , it also means that i've taken distance from people ... no thanks . :p roud : don't like plane rides and don't like rollercoasters . dear people i hung out with tonight , i keep my distance because you're not like my close friends . and yes , i feel a bit disconnected . and yes , i'm lying awake for hours having an fi-spree . now ... yey , i found this thread . dear extremely extraverted adhd-person , :d ry : i couldn't even be bothered to mask my feelings . dear istj , you've randomly invited me over when i randomly had a time in need . the thing is , i have a lot of feelings and thoughts concerning this . it feels like you're only booty calling me . and ... i am crap at varying my hair style . i often get too self concious if i try something new . : frustrating : wish i wasn't . too tired to do 10 . : kitteh : what are your top ten songs , artists , films and places to go ? songs : sultans of swing - dire straits artists : touché :P i will look into all this later . good night . you should do a thread like that : wink : i usually have a hard time falling asleep and i have a hard time waking up . of course it helps to have good routines .. like getting up at 8 am when you have a free day . which i try to do , sometimes ... dear istj , i hope my silence speak pretty loud ! ! ! kidding , i know you don't care about things like that . we both know what'll happen . / isfp haha , sweet ! :) i saw some youtube-video of a girl with add . everything got better for her once she started with meds ... the only downside was that she got suicidal . it was a pretty comical ... ok ! how does the meds help you , if i may ask ? do you recognize yourself in what i've written ? :P it depends on what it is i'm gonna do . when it comes to exersice i don't dwell about it , just do it . and when i'm doing it , i mostly focus on what i'm doing . i like that . because i can be quite a ... '