' even though i still feel a little hurt and rejected , i think i will do as you suggest and just throw my feelings out there . i really hate dealing with feelings , ugh , but expressing my feelings is ... perhaps . maybe i should up the ante ? whenever we go out dancing with other folks i get hit on by other dudes and i know he is watching , istjs are always watching . i think maybe he is reluctant to ... wow ... thank you for your this post ! it was truly comforting , thank you ! here's an update : recently , he brought up the notion that we should talk . he basically said that our hanging out all the ... thank you everyone for responding , your insight has given me more things to consider . thank you ! how would you phrase it ? why should i be careful instead of asking bluntly ? i've been talking to an istj for almost 4 months . if we're not hanging out in person , we're talking on the phone daily . not txt , but actual phone conversations usually initiated by him . he puts in ... my sister and extremely good female friend are enfjs my best male friend is an entp my best go out and party-rock / hang on a daily basis friends are all sensors , hands down . ( nobody parties like ... are you currently in one ? no . what would make the difference in your decision to be in one or not ? if the guy has everything i'm looking for in a mate . if i don't feel stressed around him and i ... i understand what you're saying . i went to school for one thing and now i'm back in school studying it ( part of the business curriculum ) . i enjoyed the hands on classes where i had something to ... my mom is an estj . she likes to be wined and dined . i agree with the previous posts , pay for the dinner , open doors , do the traditional things . my mom melts whenever my dad brings her flowers . she ... my indecisiveness . that causes a lot of problems , like what i should change my career to , or what i should wear to work , or what i should order from the taco shop . i also think this comes from a ... dag . it looks like he needs to get his sh * t together , which is something he already knows . he probably needs time to sort things out by himself because he was confronted with reality . when i get a ... i tend to think about 50 things at the same time when i'm alone ... like what i'm having for dinner , where my life is headed , what classes i can take to further my career , what movies are on tv , how ... hmmm , so do you think that all that mess at the bar with diana posted against him and him not turning her away ( while he looks at me ) and him kissing her hand could be an indirect way of trying to ... yes ! thank you for your honesty etg ! i am a direct communicator and i respect when others communicate with me in a similar fashion . if only more guys prescribed to this school of thought :-/ now ... wow . this is good stuff . i can see how immaturity could spearhead this entire situation . i usually date older guys ( i , myself , am in my late 20s ) and i'm used to them being upfront and honest about ... can you explain this further ? if you liked someone , why would he try to throw them off trail ? usually you try to get them to join the bandwagon , that doesn't seem to make sense . help me understand ... thanks for your responses ! i think he's an intp for the following reasons ( although now you all have me questioning this assumption ): - he tends to be a little shy while at work . it's a bit of a ... this is an interesting question ... i do most of my socializing at work b / c i live alone . i also have two jobs - one with mostly older people , and another with people my age . after i moved to a new ... hey , hey , ladies ! i don't wear makeup or jewelry . i think it's pointless and a waste of time . my best friends are guys . i've even had a male coworker tell me in response to a story , yeah , but ... yeah , not being able to focus has been the story of my life ! i only truly focus when it's something i'm really interested in and i feel like doing it . other than that it is almost pointless for me to ... i don't have a gps . i'm a visual person and they are just too colorful and distracting ! it's like watching tv when you drive . i also am good at hand-eye coordination so i want to match my movements ... mom ( estj ): we used to clash like crazy when i was growing up ! she wanted always tell me what to do and how to dress ( with skirts , and dresses , and makeup like a good little girl ) and i wanted ... i've done both and i currently live alone . here are the pros and cons of living by yourself : pros : - you can do whatever the hell you want without considering another person's space or ... i am so damn confused about what's going on ( if anything ! ) and i need an objective analysis of the situation . i'll try to tell this story ( it is a little long ) without leaving out the relevant ... i usually think arguing isn't worth it because i don't feel the need to convince anybody of anything and it is usually a waste of my time and energy , especially if a fool is trying to argue with ... i live on the east coast , very close to the epicenter of the earthquake . i've lived on the west coast before and my immediate reaction was to get under a table or sturdy desk and i yelled to my ... for the most part i don't let things bother me and i'm pretty cool headed ; but , if you push me ... and i mean really push , to the point where i can no longer let you get away with the unfair treatment , ... i try to get as much work done in the least amount of time , making sure i mentally check off every task that must be completed . my ultimate goal at work is to have freedom to do whatever i want to ... i dated an esfp for a few years but it didn't work out . what it boiled down to is this : 1 ) he wanted to be around everybody all the time , we rarely had alone time together and when we did , he always ... masculine : i guess i'm not your typical sensitive female , i'm not very emotional . i open doors for people , fix my own electronic problems , and build my own stuff ( when i have the materials ) .  ... criminal justice . at first it was really interesting , but towards the end of my degree program the material got repetitive and boring , and i couldn't wait to get a job . now that i've graduated ... i understand where you're coming from . what helped turn christianity from a thought to belief was 1 ) going through a personal struggle where my only logical option , cause everything else failed , was ... 1 . whats ur type ? istp 2 . where r u in the family tree ? ( e . g . father , mother , daughter , brother , eldest , youngest , twins ) daughter , middle child 3 . do you act differently in your family than ... we all know istps and relationships are an interesting situation ( to say the least ) , but are any of you married or in a long-term relationship ? given our go with the flow moments , how do you manage ... i work a desk job in the legal / corrections field . i'm looking to get as far away from that as possible to something that is less restricting . i'm considering quitting my present job to pursue a master's degree in graphic design , what specifically did you like ? what did you hate ? why / how did it work well for your personality ? i've always ... i think there are a lot of people who fake empathy just to appear normal . i agree with most of the other posts , i don't really empathize with others , as my reaction is usually , that sucks or ... it seems like she doesn't quite know what she wants . i've been in situations where i think a guy is awesome and i want to spend time with him , but after further consideration , i decide to turn away ... annoying as hell . i can't stand the ramblings on what everyone is feeling or how they are feeling and blah , blah , blah . that and spouting a bunch of ideas and feelings with no action ; what's the ... yes ! me too ! i usually get hated on by other females , female estj's in particular . i get along quite well with males and maybe this bothers them . when i first started at a new job i kept to myself ... i don't really go out a lot . most of my friends live in different states , and my core party group has split up . it usually breaks down to who i'm around and where i'm at . - at work : i tend to talk ... 26 , mid-atlantic region . i absolutely love driving ! i like having sole control of a machine that i can manipulate any way i see fit . i'm a beast on the road , awesome at parallel parking , and i can weave in and out of traffic ... my best friend is an entp . we get along really , really well . he tends to say whatever i am thinking and is always down for spontaneous fun without getting too out of control . he gives great advice , ... according to the personalitypage.com , ... entj's natural partner is the intp , or the istp . an entj's dominant function of extraverted thinking is best-matched with a personality type that is ... i don't think we have an inflated self image . we are realists - we know what we're good at and we know what needs work . like all other personalities we want to accentuate the good because it gives us ... i don't know my purpose , but right now it is to find my purpose according to god . i am in an early life crisis too cause i don't know what i'm supposed to do , but i'm thinking it's to use my ... yeah , it seems like he just wants someone to hang out with and be sex buddies . i think your strategy of taking it day by day is a good idea , so long as it doesn't develop into anything further ( which ... lol ! i agree , its fun when you go with all your friends . i like to dance , so i don't mind going to do just that . it's annoying when some guys equate your presence at the club to you wanting to sleep ... '