' what the hell is supposed to be funny about this ? so , i met a girl . into video games / cosplay / cats , enfp , the whole shebang . the only thing is , i'm almost certain she has add , possibly sad as well . i don't know her * that * well , but we have been ... oh that sounds exactly like something she would do . i guess i can't say i know her that well , but it seems to me like if she doesn't write something down or it isn't already affixed as a habit , she ... i actually kind of like the enfp in my life . been thinking about asking her on a date . if anything , i guess she's a bit forgetful is all . not at all . after reading about the resurrection stone in harry potter , watching both iterations of the fullmetal alchemist series , and knowing all i do about zombies , i think the message is pretty ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltbluBU0pQY everything this guy does is gold . and if you liked that enough to keep going : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWcLWiOgImA yes , i am . i play all sorts of percussion instruments , i took a semester of oboe in the university band , and i'm currently learning trombone . i am also employed as the percussion instructor at a ... time . i can't speak for everyone , but it's healed all of my wounds . fi . without even a little bit of doubt . i suppose i should clarify what i meant the first time around . i meant unexpected change . i deliberately will change up my routine on almost a weekly ... it's almost midnight , so i may be a bit tired . i'm a 22 year old white male from ohio . [ / color ] [ / color ] https://www.flickr.com/photos/loic80l/23888906949/in/explore-2016-01-08/ part of me ... fair enough . where would you recommend i go ? i don't drink , so i can't imagine a bar or club would be appropriate . and if tv shows and movies accurately depict the kinds of people that frequent bars ... ok , so i am rather shy and feel uncomfortable talking to strangers for any reason outside of necessity ( cashier , waitress ) , so it is rather daunting to think about meeting people . this puts me in a ... favorite - gravity falls t-shirt from my brother least - box full of chocolates from my grandmother i've often thought about this--especially after finding myself becoming attracted to an enfp coworker--and i have concluded a couple things . i didn't know her very well , but most of what icy heart ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEwWcbBdbN8 knock knock . who's there ? to . to who ? to whom . i generally only tell people who will recognize the punchline as the punchline . the last one i wrote with the intention of turning it into a song about not being able to completely understand other people on a fundamental level because when it comes down to it , they are a ... https://www.reddit.com/r/TumblrInAction/ this is my stance on social justice . 141 and one of my intj friends is 140 except a lot of what they post isn't all that funny . personally , i subscribe to gardner's theory of multiple intelligences , but spearman's g factor also holds water . so while some people may be extremely skilled in a certain area but incredibly ... podcast by john and hank green called dear hank and john . https://soundcloud.com/dearhankandjohn/ #publicschool like emberfly , high school was generally very easy . history and social studies were only difficult because they were so unbelievably boring . but after being out of high school for ... my favorite games to date are brutal legend , the pokemon rpgs ( all generations ) , and guitar hero . in that order . ignore this post . i made a mistake and don't know how to delete these things . i want to move out as soon as i possibly can . i can only relate to either of my parents based on commonalities i share with one parent but not the other . for example , my dad and i can relate to ... thank you for this . thank you very , very much . if you subscribe to the love languages paradigm , i know my preferred language is physical touch . but i'm not a touchy-feely type of person , never have been . it is because of this aversion that ... i lost it at colonize me . this simultaneously cracked me up and pissed me off . being male , i have spent many an hour researching female anatomy , the reproductive system , the menstrual cycle , and the sexual response cycle . most of this has been from wikipedia and the occasional ... goodness , that sounds marvelous . true neutral . go to college . why ? because our te supports all the conclusions we make . in its essence , te is the fact-checking function . any conclusion we draw from anything will ( usually ) be fact-checked for accuracy . i suppose ... i work in fast food during summer break and winter break . it's mind-numbing , but they're very flexible and i get a 50 % discount . people who are allowed to hug me : - mom - dad - grandma - other grandma - aunts - good friend from high school - other good friend from high school - significant other ( work in progress ) education . educator . well that's still a result , even if it isn't the one you wanted . i have always wanted telekinesis . you didn't include fellow intjs as an option . in parking lot when we pass a car with a dog in it . i stare at it and growl / bark . friend : what are you doing ? me : antagonizing a puppy . http://media.oglaf.com/comic/muster.jpg http://www.pbfcomics.com/archive_b/PBF263-Harmony.png 243074 i don't trust people . to quote a villain from one of my favorite disney movies , when everyone's super , no one will be . i base the merit of compliments on the person giving them . i am a musician . if one of my parents tells me i played well at a concert , it means nothing to me because neither of them have any idea what ... i don't approach new people . i let them come to me . because she is the first person i have ever met who understands how i think and can relate to me . more so than any peers from high school , any teacher , either of my parents , my brother , etc . she ... i understand his pain . every time somebody tells me not to do something simply because it isn't polite , i usually scoff and intentionally do it anyway . it makes me feel fabricated . '