' a mix of ordinal linguistic personification synesthesia , associative grapheme-color synesthesia , and misophonia synesthesia . i didn't know what i experienced was an actual thing until i looked it up ... wow dude . i don't even know where to begin cause we're both coming from such different worldviews . if you want to get offended about what i , one person in 7 billion said on a whim about people in general ( my opinion ) , sure you can do that , but it'd be smarter to not say anything . lol for real ... a note to all young intjs : stop exaggerating yourself , stop limiting yourself , stop playing pretend and be a real , decent human being . grow yourself . integrate your inner esfp . be a life ... cause we're made of ice , dude . ;) why are you guys so cool ? : cool : hey , i'm genuinely sorry for making you have that impression ; i did not intend to make you feel that way ; but i don't appreciate being parented , so please take your opinions elsewhere . unless you can ... no problem . :) yeah , prayer is one thing i have trouble focusing on , but i will take that advice . thanks ! is it wrong for a leader to ask for advice ... ? i certainly don't think so . thank you . :) wasn't trying to be rude , i was just having fun . going to school is actually one of the many options of how to move your body through space and move your mind through time in this infinite ... uh , you must be in a bad mood . if you were thinking those things , why the heck did you have to post on this ? :d ry : i was asking a friendly , casual question : do you have any suggestions ? which ... thanks for that ! warning : religious response ( lol ): as for marriage , i don't see it the same way as you . i don't see it as being tied to a person but as being one with a person . if marriage were ... lol . i love enfp suggestions . they're always so out of nowhere and idealistic . ;) no , i hadn't thought of that , thanks ! i'm 18 , dude . lol i have zero experience doing anything , and zero qualifying education . what i would want to do , is what i stated in my op . travel or be an executive . my interests range all ... facebook perc pinterest youtube tumbr not type related . however , i myself dabble in the arts . i paint a little , i draw a little , i am involved in music , i love doing any sort of non girly crafting . the way you look tonight , by steve tyrell when i fall in love , by andrea boccelli sangria , by blake shelton say you , say me , by lionel richie sentimental reasons , by whomever sings it ... so , i'm a cna , and it's not what i want to do . at all . the only reason i did it is because i thought it'd be better than retail and fast food , and i wanted to see whether or not i could go on to ... my mom is a very cynical and dramatic person , and she does not treat people with respect unless they are bubbly , nice , warm , or whatever . i've noticed this a lot . i do the complete opposite . i am ... i attract nfs like crazy . it's weird . if i became what i would call successful , which is what i really want right now no matter how wrong or nonsensical it may be : i would be a ton more socially confident , i wouldn't necessarily ... i had a dream once that came pretty darned close to hell . it was filled with absolute terror and an overwhelming despair ... and just , yeah , lol nothing in particular happened that would ... i understand it like this : i despise authority because when i am under someone i can't do what i want . lol if there is a better way , it will bug me to no end if i have to do something their ... heck yes we are . ;) if you do that , you'll just look fake . i can see through everything people put on . actually , one of the things i cannot stand in people is how some mirror their ... one thing i do not understand about other intjs online is that they hate smiling or just don't do it . i smile often when talking to people # 1 , because it makes me look more warm , # 2 , because it puts ... hello there . : happy : what's up ? one definition is it's like a subconscious organizer . it takes what se gives it , subconsciously sorts it out , and comes up with an abstract concept or intuition . unlike ne , it tends to focus more ... i'm an 8w7 , and my best friend is a 7w6 . and you . :) hello . intj here . : cool : by my best friend , who's an enfp and my close friends including an infj and infp , i've been called : passionate , quiet , weird , trustworthy , ambitious , affectionate , loving , thoughtful , caring , laid ... hey , ya'll . i made another thread like this one , but didn't get a lot of responses , and i mostly got responses talking about romantic relationships , not friendships . so : enfps , what do you ... i'm an intj and i've experienced this . what makes you think an intj would be an exception ? i'm quite curious . this phenomenon definitely could exist , however , i've experienced it only up to stage 3 . my best friend , an enfp and i didn't go past that stage . maybe it's cause i tend to be a really good friend ... hi . intj here . : cool : hey . intj here . : cool : ' sup ? intj here . : cool : hey . intj here . : cool : ' ello . intj here . : cool : i like that quote very much . a tale of two cities quote , to be precise . charles dickens is amazing . i've been on here sincex 85hmmmx85i think april of this year ? yeah . if you want to hang around ... haha . how's it going ? : happy : hi . intj here . : cool : hey . intj here . : cool : howdy . i'm too lazy and add to read your whole post . intj here . : cool : neurodiverse : 109/200 neurotypical : 107/200 hey , i'm not an enfp , but welcome and i hope all your questions will be answered . : happy : ' ello ! intj here . : cool : hello . intj here . : cool : i don't want to spend any holiday all by myself . i like going to parties and such . just not every single nightx 85 i actually like my family , so it's no trouble to spend the holidays with them . ( i ... nope . am i the only intj who laughs a lot ( and loudly ) ? '