' i think we can be decent at chess , but not excellent . there is a point where the kind of intelligence needed is not ours . like the guys who plays eyes closed or ten games at the same time ... no ... haha now you get it yep but jesus can . jesus could drive with eyes closed , and no hands . i will not let anybody say otherwise . not sure what you are talking about . there is no zen state of mind . zen is a ( quite pure ) form of buddhism , very focused on practice . there are many states of mind listed . if you're actually ... i practiced for a bit , did a retreat in a temple , yet find myself incapable of answering your question . i've been sitting here ten minutes trying to think about it . intuition should help the ... yeah well . i guess the existential meaning is clear ( thanks to downsowf ) , and it was what op was talking about . as for what i see in it , and why i was talking about zen riddles , i might be too ... you're missing it dude . it's kind of a zen riddle . a simple example ( which is somehow betraying the idea ) : every thing is as importantas every thing else , that is of the utmost importance ... nietzsche puts the idea up there , as it is the less meh of all ideas . it's the overcoming of relativity , destiny and randomness . the eternal return gives every life , every instant , the weight of ... true dat i don't drink that much anymore , but always have high tolerance . in fact i don't appear , or feel , that much different when drunk . just more e . u mad bro ? that's a lot of rules while claiming chaos dude . do this do that . no no no . yes , definitely , but mostly on random ( to others ) things . all my sj family members consider me as lacking any sort of will . glad i don't have ozzy osbourne in my head . or a trolled infj with aphorisms . or http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/03/06/sy5uvysu.jpg god is skub . skub is god . skub is skub . i think about cicero's death in the show rome . the assassin comes , he's a nice guy , it's spring and the peaches are good , cicero gets a minute to look a the sky , see a bird , and there goes the blade ... sorry but lol of course you need a licence ( here anyway ... unless it's historical , travels in parts in closed cases , etc ) . with the sports license , you can transport it in a bag , with a knot ( keeping you from ... entertaining site ! i learned i was actually a pnte ! now that's something new . http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/content/cognitive-functions-and-type-dynamics-failed-theory this is where sloth from another thread comes into play . blades rust . you have to clean it every time , oil it , etc . ( i practiced iaido and cut through stuff with katanas ... dangerous stuff for the fingers . i got out with all my limbs , and now i have ... i love books . i could brag about how many i have read . but one is not supposed to say the truth even if it's pertinent as long as someone else would consider it bragging ( i never got this tbh ) . ... ( thread derailing haha ): thanks , but i meant countries ( or subdivisions of countries in the case of italy , germany , etc . ) having different mbti repartitions than other countries . what type is this ... ^ ^ ok . maybe i'm not clear about what buzzword means . i was under the impression that it did not absolutely disqualifies the idea , but simply points that its formulation was made to appear ... it is a buzzword . so what ? between money as the middle man and money as debt , there is some room . i liked the venus project some time ago , except the 70 ' s architecture , and the faith in ... what ? i never thought of countries having different mbti repartition . that is very interesting . somebody has moar on this ? a thread ? i'd be all for statism - if it were ruled by people like me ( haha ) . what i see now ... leaves me closer to some anarchism ( not the capitalist kind ) . anyway , + 1 to star trek tng ( not ds9 with ... pets are just too much work . i like dogs , but someone else's is fine . if i had the package ( house wife kids job etc ) i might consider it . shit i'm not . gotta work on it . i dont think i know any infj girl . damn . booty or not . is there a where can i find a infj girl thread ? didn't end so well with my intj wife . and all i see is intj girls everywhere . wtf . well done vids . nice editing . i say watch'em . even if i'm quite concerned about interpretation by insecure dudes of the punishing bad behavior theme in relation with hits in the face images . solid quotes . cioran , and in french ? dude ! you awesome . wouldn't a jester be eaten quickly , or at least left to die in a pit ? i mean what purpose does a jester serve prior to bored kings ? omg you guys are masters of trolling . i don't troll that much ( anymore ) , mostly irl , and with people i know can take it ( too much fe ? ) . this is actually the only thing that might make me doubt my ... that makes sense , thanks . i'm in fact more into the infrastructure side . the te i see in all the jobs descriptions must be to keep the feelers on track , and in reaction to the romantic era .  ... i feel you . lsd should be no more than twice a year or so . and preferably older . as for my teens , same as you guys . interesting . my actual worry would me more about te demands in today ngos ( lots of procedures and reporting and spreadsheets ) . but i must admit i don't really understand fi that much - relating ... seriously ? you think those general characteristics fit everybody ? i just put the rest for the lulz about the long nose . getting things done concretely for a change , lol . lol @ vedic horoscopes . i just found mine in my india souvenirs . the guy must have typed me as entp ( with a long nose ) http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/02/26/2a6u2yve.jpg ... pride . my father would say sloth . i have more regret than remorse . so many things i could have done instead of dreaming them . but eh , it's all dreaming anyway . doesn't affect me really . symmetry is wired in our brains as = good ( beauty , health ... ) cancer does suck . every illness really . even a cold . pisses me off . all your post : + 1 wtf did i just read ? op ? no no . no useless here . never have been . talking about women right ? cause i can be useless in many other areas . ok i'm at the crossroads in my life . mid-thirties , going through a divorce , no job ( and no intention of going back to previous experiences : stupid teaching , evil advertising , unsuccessful ... same same but i currently have no job so ... holy shit . i've got to find myself a shrink i feel somehow attracted to the red haired harpy . '