' i have the same feeling quite often :D thank you for the well wishes , so far everything is going well and i have a few people who are pretty good with typing helping me out on the side . i found it something interesting , yet troubling to ... not in the way that you are thinking .. we have dated a long time ago in the very far past when we were in high school together , and during the relationship we felt very uncomfortable as sexual ... i have little experience with entjs , but my closest friend who is one is normally a very fun-loving person who generally gets along with everyone , and most people describe his personality as cold ... i would say that i have that same picture perfect memory , haha . usually art is something i can escape to , or just playing around online , but with my new job which requires quite a bit of my time ... i was wondering , is it normal for an enfj not to care about other people's feelings ? lately i've been having issues with caring about other people because i feel like there won't be anyone to do ... this is a bit too true ! whenever i tell people i'm offended over something i always get the : you're angry ? reply xd i've run into your issue many , many times . i often find myself feeling like others will never give me the type of support i give them because of their own personal reasons that are unknown to me . a ... the intelligence and calmness . i'm currently romantically involved with an intp and those are the main traits of his i find most attractive . something fruity .. i can only see enfjs having something sweet , and fruity as a chocolate bar . you're not a terrible person , haha . just the opposite in fact . i've always been a bit jealous of your types because of the way you guys can debate . it's something that i can't do because i get far ... [ spoiler ] it may be that the way you argue makes him feel uneasy . my closest friend is an entj and when we argue he points out all the faults of the problem we're having then demands answers , but ... lately i've been having problems with stress , translating how i feel , frustration due to my father , i have conflicted feelings about my aunt ( who i was very close to ) , and among too many other ... oh no , it's fine . you're welcome :) i'm honestly not really sure . she's rather hard to type .. my current partner ( bloodbraid ) and i have been trying to figure it out , but she's a bit complicated . i know that she spends most of her ... this sounds really fun i might join too if that's ok . : 3 i take a while though ... i have .. there was this one woman i dated for a little bit longer then a year , and we were on and off about 6 - 7 times . it was emotional hell . she cheated at one point , i lost feelings for a ... i'm sorry this happened to you .. any break up isn't all that fun , but you shouldn't feel guilty at all none of this was your fault . i'm sure you're a really amazing person , but it might be that he ... no not at all ! the only troubles we encounter so far is emotional understanding . sometimes he comes off a bit more distant then he actually means to , or i'll overreact about something he said ... but what makes you tick ? i'm not really sure how to go about this question , but when it comes to my darker side i'm not a nice person . i tend to lash out at people who are close to me because ... i used to . for a while i never let anyone know anything about my past , or even who i really was because i was scared that they would just leave , but after a long time of doing this i found out that ... ooooh , thank you ! : happy : you're very welcome ! i hope it works out for the best for you . :) i used to be quite similar to you when being scared of bluntness , but if you're not blunt then neither of you will know what ... why don't we make one ? i know the intps use tiny chat . i'm sure we could do that as well , and maybe even get someone to make a thread about it . every time we go on just post on the thread that ... the blood of those poor innocent women will be on your hands when i hulk-out . 1 . how romantic would you consider yourself ? very , i thrive off of romance in a way , and i also give it in return to the best of my abilities . it may be something small like good morning kisses , ... i'm involved with an intp romantically right now , and it's by far the best relationship i've had . he'll explain things i don't understand logically , and i'll do the same in turn when he's having ... oh gosh , my boyfriend ( bloodbraid ) talks to many people . he went to a party for one of his exes and i freaked out , but never said so for almost 5 days . in the end i freaked out at him when he ... ermergurrd ! i can relate to everything here except for 2 .. i get angry pretty quickly haha . i send many internet hugs , and hope you feel better haha . * hugshugshugs * from everything you've said i wouldn't give up at all . she sounds interested in you but judging by the body language you've given her she seems like maybe she's feeling used possibly . to her it ... first i break down a door since i had no idea it was locked , then my friend gets hit by another car with me in the passenger side , then my friend can't give me a ride since he's too scared of his ... a pizza ! i'm pretty bold with my romantic declaration but when i've been rejected i take a hint . i never usually say i'm interested in someone right away .. i wait for the right time when both of us know ... an enfj and an intp would make a nice couple because they can both teach each other amazing things ! however , the only problems that i've ever encountered ( dating an intp currently ) is the lack of ... i guess it depends on what the situation is for me . it seems lately the more stressful the situation is the less i can control my emotions , and during arguments my anger tends to let my emotions on ... i get people who do this all the time to me , but mostly at work . they will flat out tell me they dislike me ( which i'm fine with , but i still act professional about it by not starting any drama ) and ... my immediate family is pretty dysfunctional , and my extended is fairly distant but from what i've gathered over the years they all happen to be more normal then mine . my parents are divorced and ... that seems normal to me honestly . during high school , work , and pretty much anywhere that's the same for me . i also find people being nice to me because i come off as too nice i'm not sure if ... there was this girl i was dating , and she loved playing with my feelings . when i finally had the guts to let her go she freaked out on me and guilt tripped me for days . one day i got so annoyed ... i have bruises all over proving i am clumsy . :( i guess , be blunt with her . i went through a phase where i would do something similar about art for a short time , and my best friend pulled me aside one day and told me what i was doing wrong . he ... haha ! that's awesome :) ' blinking ' would be very fun indeed . i had an idea for a villian once where she had a ' blinking ' ability but she used it on other things rather then herself . for example , ... haha xd yess ! super speed , and my identity would be fast forward :) ( i actually pen and paper rp and i play this character :o) oh goodness ! i hoard so many things for sentimental reasons ... whether it be music , drawings , scraps of paper , a poem , texts , or even bottles . i have little things i like to bring with me ... i find intps enjoyable . my boyfriend is an intp and we've had our fights , moments of terror , and unbelievable happiness . he teaches me things i've never really known about , and the more information ... we're going to be good friends * droll * haha xd let's seee ... comics : pretty much anything marvel as well , ( mostly spiderman , older spider girl , avengers , captain america . ) anything with the ... yes there is , unfortunately i haven't had much time to get on and look around more because of work . from what i have seen i like this site a lot , and comic / games ! ? may i ask , what sorts of ... hello ! * over dramatic hand wave * why thank you ! :) '