' you know you're an enfj when you read something like that and think to yourself , hah ! that's awesome ! ! for the enfj's that work in an office and wish we had a window ... 16352 trust . nothing drives me bonkers more than to be suspected of something without cause . bahahahahahaha yes that's exactly me ! ! ! well ... i * usually * let them in ... idk but fwiw ( as an enfj guy ) it feels like the ladies ignore me ... i mean i have lots of friends but they're all at arms length , very few people actually know me ... and forget anyone wanting a ... ( emphasis mine ) exactly ... actually that's completely true for me both for my own emotions , as well as those of others ... :/ ( if i could interject ) ... the whole enfj split-brain thing you ... well that makes sense ! ! ( read that like you would read well , there's your problem ) ... thanks ! i work best in the evening ( even though i get up at 5 am , my peak is at about 8 or 9 pm ) ... but when i'm tired i get very ... existential and philosophical . very thinky if that's even a word . not ... ha . i was just going to say i'd really need to see you move and hear you talk in order to take a stab at your type ... but just looking at the picture , i'd say most likely e , possibly n ( maybe s ) , ... the healthier version of that is just bringing out the potential in others ... ;) misunderstood - i find ( that for me ) i constantly feel misunderstood ... not in communication though--people understand very easily what i say and express , but as a person : not many people know why i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etQ5Jzv45Qw anthem of an enfj in a failed relationship . imho . had a failed relationship with an infj , and i'm really still trying to figure out why it didn't work--what went wrong . i really don't feel like giving out details , but could someone expound on what ... here's a couple i did on my ipad - - critique ? ? don't worry about feelings , i won't be hurt if you say it's awful ... lighthouse : i actually like this one ... lighthouse drawn on ... on twitpic ... * update * ... fyi it didn't work out with me & her ... truthfully i'm actually glad it didn't , and we're still friends . anyway ... just wanted to let y'all know . works for me too ... either writing , facebooking , or general internetting will get me tired enough eventually ... lol well not quite ... it's a different flavor , similar but different ... i think many of those qualities are in nf's in general ... honestly , i can see myself , an enfp whom i know , and someone who i ... one of the posters above said that being vulnerable is a big time draw for us ... that's part of the attraction ... me personally , i need to be needed ... or at least want to be needed ... i find many ... maybe my opinion of country music will illuminate things a bit ... i hate most country that i've heard because most of it is so darn depressing . what i don't hate is anything that's used in the music , ... with our families and / or close friends ... there is , but then if you knew what it was i'd have to kill you ... : tongue : i'll talk to anyone who talks to me , but usually i just jump into a conversation & listen until something actually sparks my interest ... but , i feel most attracted to people who are deep , like ... i keep testing as enfp when i'm feeling spontaneous ... if that helps at all ... yes ! ( at least i do too ) ... that sounds like enfj to me ... i usually feed off the energy already existant in the room / party / etc ... i read somewhere about enfj's that we're the most introverted ... thanks ! i'll try to answer as best as i can ... :) depends ... my intuitions about what others feel about me are typically fuzzy & off , mostly because i tend to idealize things . however , usually ... this's not necessarily a bad thing ( maybe why you're married ? ) it drives me crazy sometimes how people are afraid to things that are bad and come up with euphemisms that make them seem better ... you know you're an enfj when you do this ? ^ ^ ^ ( or at least you know you're nf in my opinion ) ... i tested as enfp and entj a couple of times , but afaik i'm an enfj ... i totally identify with ... n ... patterns patterns patterns ... there's a reason for everything . but i'd have to say that f and e are tied for second ... maybe ... definitely not j though . :P when you have multiple people in your head that argue with each other before you make a decision , and not in a crazy psych ward way . when you love happy endings but believe that tragedies are ... oh i totally agree with this ... but afiak i'm a weak j ( usually ) anyway . you'll probably find some enfj's ( at least me ) being alone in a crowd or starting up a random conversation with a stranger ... also might me in a mall / coffe shop / cafe ... church is a good place too ... that's what i'd start out with , there are several different ways to be affectionate ... touchy-feely things like hugs / kisses / touching etc ... things like giving gifts , doing things together , verbal ... oh definitely ... i'd go so far as to say that many of us enfj's could be great stalkers ... we can be pretty determined & clever when we want to , but mostly it's the determination ... and yes i've felt ... hahaha ok i can see _that_ now . am i the only one who fees a little disturbed that the elephant who's being hugged is actually receiving the heimlich maneuver ? lol i see your point though . let me jump in here ... i think that it's the combination of fe and ni ... enfj's skill set is typically defined as feniseti , so with extraverted feeling , we're able to determine best how ... definition - temper : a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger . as an enfj , do you feel that you have a temper , and do you have a short or long fuse on that temper , if you do ... please explain ... i agree that the plant idea is absolutely adorable , but if she doesn't have a knack for plants ( i . e . she kills them without even trying ) she may appreciate the thought and effort and the gift , but ... haha i don't know : blushed : ... like , eye contact when we're not talking ( eg . across the room , in a group , etc ... unmerited attention ... off hand compliments maybe brushed away with sarcasm ... uh ... well define aren't obvious because most of us ( at least myself ) are pretty darn sure that we're being completely transparent even though we are trying not to be ... myself ? eye contact ... oh definitely ... i told you so is a favorite phrase of mine ... for the record , as an enfj , i find that whole scene absolutely hilarious ... that being said , the same thing happens to me , a dirty fork , chipped mug , whatever ... i try to mention it quietly , just ... i'd agree definitely exfj , especially the f ... she's not really silly enough to be enfp , and probably not sensory enough to be esfx so i'd think definitely exfj , probably enfj ... but i'm an enfj too , ... for me ( now remember i'm not a girl , so it'll prolly be a bit different ) the gifts that i like the most aren't very utilitarian , but something very personal / from the heart , shows you're thinking of ... it depends ... definitely agree here , but i'd add that ... if it's someone that i'm into ( whether or not i actually realize it ! ) it feels like i'm flirting with her even if i don't say or do ... that would certainly make me think ... ( i'm usually a weak j when i test , for comparison with thirdarcade ) . for the immediate moment , yes , but i'd need time to sit back and put everything together and ... 2w3 but almost a 7w6 if the 2 wasn't just 3 % higher . i know i'm not an enfp but maybe this will help , because i do have a bad habit of starting projects and leaving them unended , especially music or computer programs ... i do find that the ones that i ... dunno if it's an enfj thing but definitely happens to me ... i'll put something down and it'll just go away for a period of time without me even knowing ... the longest i lost something like this was ... some of us enfj's can be pretty hopeless romantics . '