' * sigh * that comes under nature , yo . attraction to the same gender can be hardwired . acting on it isn't . also , i feel this quote is relevant to the discussion in general : she's human isn't she ? there are three defining elements to the human consciousness : nature ( the flesh , in biblical parlance ) , nurture , and mind ( biblically , the spirit ) . nature deals with ... alteredreality : ever heard of a pareto analysis ? the 80/20 rule ? basically , it usually follows that 20 % of the work causes 80 % of the problems , 20 % of the machines have 80 % of the faults , etc ... allow me to share an excerpt from a recent interaction with an athiest : him : how can you be so clever as to be able to use a word like qua ... quar ... me : quadruped ? him : yeah , that ... anita blake from laurell k . hamilton's series of the same name . goes through the same emotional shit every book , screws some more guys , gets preachy about it , powers up , rinse and repeat . it ... i actually make efforts not to do it when in company , unless the company desires it . i usually enjoy poking holes in films and nitpicking errors for fun - however , i am aware that many people do not ... this . the government should have no business one way or the other in marriage , in whatever flavour . just to stir the pot a little , i don't read the logic flow there as typist at all . typist would be : dad interrupts ; dad is an entj ; therefore , all entjs interrupt . was it a naive and ... politeness has nothing to do with either cynicism nor skepticism . indeed , it is perfectly possible to be both , whilst simultaneously being polite about it . 1 . ) this is a hard position to imagine myself in . trivial things are trivial , and i'm more interested in the textbooks ... but in the interest of playing along ... i'd tell her . honesty can be painful , ... i have recently discovered that my emotions directly affect my ability to concentrate and work efficiently . when i'm happy ( but calm ) , i am most effective and efficient . when distressed , frustrated , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh5HdPM_QuE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EKkbCPKXpA i was there and it was awesome . even then , the issue becomes not whether the glass is half full or half empty , but that it is 50 % too big ... technically , the glass is always full - unless you're in a vacuum ... http://i308.photobucket.com/albums/kk337/SplodgeOfDoom/communism-1.jpg ... seriously , bad idea . charm does have it's uses - convincing someone to take your side is awesome and all , but if you ... i've seen some awesome tattoos . i've also seen some really awful ones , and even the good ones are a major hindrance in many professions . whilst i'm generally open the concept , i cannot think of ... i believe the argument follows that altruism ultimately leads to self satisfaction in how helpful you've been ... or somesuch . generally , i don't really worry about it too much . whilst it may be an ... truly epic - but still wrong . xd i like to talk about possibilities , ideas and plans . i also love exchanging facts and trivia about stuff , how things work , why such-and-such failed , etc . any subject i don't know much about is ... one of my flatmates is an esfj . we get on pretty well , generally ... though i think it's fair to say we really don't understand each other very well . she bases an awful lot of her decisions and ... i'm not unsociable . i enjoy the company of others a great deal - especially when they are willing to commit to conversation . on the other hand i'm only willing to put up with small talk for so long ... pfft . am · bi · tion / amˈbishən / noun : it shows . do yourself a favour - read up on the other types , and stop obsessing about what is / isn't entj . intensity squared = intensity ^ 2 = intensity * intensity intensity + intensity = 2 ( intensity ) ' tis different . ran across this on snorg tees . seems fitting , somehow . : ninja : http://i308.photobucket.com/albums/kk337/SplodgeOfDoom/mmaac_fullpic_artwork.jpg yay ambiversion ! it seems to be pretty well documented that entjs are semi-introverted , especially if they feel there's nothing to be gained by hanging out with someone . actually , i ran across ... ... whaaat ? ? ? * ___ * entj's too serious for love , bro . you mean that whole being a romantic thing is just in my head ? aw , crap ! i already offered over on the other thread , but if you're sorted , that's cool . have fun . :) do you guys still want entj help ? an anecdote that is somewhat relevant : not so long ago , to drive home a point about materials selection and fatigue , one of my professors showed the class a documentary . it was a documentary on ... i don't think they're flavours of entj so much as aspects ... or so i gather from the site , anyway . i will be 23 next month . i also happen to feel similarly . perhaps ' tis not an entj thing so much as a young entx thing ? i only know the one intp , and he's not the healthiest of people . nice guy . quiet . mildly hypochondriac ( that's annoying as heck ) . really hard working - also not good at letting perceived slights go ... math is awesome ... scratch that . applied math is awesome ! i used to hate it . wasn't ' til i started learning about what it's actually used for that i started to understand what was actually ... http://i308.photobucket.com/albums/kk337/SplodgeOfDoom/Adorifying.jpg hmm . never been in the infj forum before . you guys are kinda cute ... people who can't think objectively . people don't deal with their issues . people with no motivation . people who bug me about table manners when i'm eating pizza . oh hell no ! that would be boring ! u200b on an online test i was given an extrovert response with a certainty of 1 % . does that count ? i've been at university for the past year . i'm surrounded by sex-obsessed , alcohol abusing morons , and ... heh . i've spent a lot of time emulating the big snail recently . :/ gah ... best get it over with . as per rule 7 : ironically , i'm an extrovert . i'm totally comfortable with strangers , i'm outgoing and talkative . i like being around people . i don't have ... what could it mean ? simple . he feels affection for you beyond lust . i can't speak for everyone , of course , but when i feel strongly affectionate towards someone , there is a childish , playful ... learning for me holds excitement because knowledge is a tool - and i love to build . i hated maths in school , because although i've always been fairly good at it , it was just numbers on a page and ... i've been considering this . now , i can't speak for all entjs , but speaking personally : if you want me to think an idea was mine in the first place , it is going to have to fit with my personal ... dear lab report , why ? why do you hate me so much ? these experiments are freakin ' primary school stuff ! i mean , really ? this is supposed to be a university ! ( secondary complaint - if ... this . so often i have found value in hearing out someone who i would otherwise consider a fool . if they may have relevant experience , i will ask , usually without regard to my personal opinion of ... that's an unusual definition of genius . in the everyday sense , jobs was certainly a genius . in the fashion you mean ... ? purely from the viewpoint of the world of technology , he had or was ... pfeh . assuming the purpose of the glass is to hold liquid , then at present it is neither half full nor half empty . it's just extremely inefficient - may i suggest you use one 50 % smaller ? regarding the chess / debate / sports : i have a confession . i like them , but ... my infp little sister consistently wins 3/5 games of chess ( arg ! ) , and i'm not actually great at debate , either . it's ... '