' swan :) perfect for someone who's supposed to be fi dominant i'm disturbed ... i'm not like this at all ! wow , this is very true for me :) okay , i feel awful for commenting on a thread so old but ... is there any hope ? i'm crushing on an istj right now and i really want it to work out . are y'all threatened when we say something really ... you've successfully taken over my infj thread :P congrats interesting way of thinking about it :) sounds complex to me :) it's cool how you can put it into words like that , i'll just talk in circles haha and don't you hate it when someone asks you hi , how are you ? i usually answer ... haha of course you do :P but who knows , you may be right this makes me so happy ... thank you for saying this ! i always search for hidden meanings in objects and especially nature , i don't know if this is exactly what you do but i truly resonate with what ... haha i love your rant :) i loved how you said that sensing can be just as complex as intuition because it is ! i have a knew conclusion to draw ... i bet if the world was run by more infjs than any ... you hit the nail on the head for me :) what's funny about this is i feel this way a lot but ... i don't believe it :/ i tell myself that it's silly for me to think that i see things differently ... interesting thought :) kind of like how feelings can't be measured logically ; i never even thought about us being so internal . perhaps complex is a term used because we don't let people understand ... i agree with you because i'm very sensitive to criticism as well , however , that doesn't mean i don't welcome it :) i think infjs are always looking to improve ourselves so even if it hurts , it ... just once , i'd like to meet an infj in real life ... the crazy thing is that i probably already have and never had a real conversation with one . every infj description i come across seems to involve the word complex . other personality type descriptions , even other intuitive types , aren't characterized in this way as often . why is that ? is ... my dad is an istj and my mom is a enfp ; to this day i'm still not sure how their relationship works haha my mom is very artsy and she's okay with the fact that my dad doesn't really get what she ... i'm finding a bunch of negative nancies on this thread :p why can't you be proud of who you are ? there's nothing wrong with that . if you really feel connected to what those four letters say about ... from what i've experienced , fe users do not necessarily conform , but are much more able to do so . because fe users read other people's emotions before their own , they tend to act accordingly to ... i find it funny that everyone keeps getting their panties in a wad ... isn't the reason why you all took the personality test just because you wanted to see what it said ? just to see if you were ... i find this interesting , i read somewhere that gifted children tend to be infp even though many children as they get older develop a thinking preference . can intelligence ever truly be measured ? of ... haha i don't think we know either :p crud i meant to quote you , look at the post above ! this might be because we connect the body and spirit differently ; then again , religious beliefs usually have a lot to do with what we think is right . perhaps different personality types feel more ... from what i read from this , i definitely use fe haha this one was a little better haha i felt like there were descriptions that sounded much more on target than the last ( however , i can still argue each side usually :P ) the only problem is that i ... i took me forever to figure this thing out haha according to this test , i'm either and infj or infp , the problem is that i can make arguments for both sides of some of the questions haha don't ... guess i should have done the post quote for my rant haha it's right above this post ! okay , here it goes i feel like i'm supposed to do something big ... somehow , some way , god is going to use me to speak to the world , enlighten great numbers of people . to lead but not like a ... so i don't want to be something i'm not : i'm very concerned with what makes up my identity so i don't want to think one thing about myself and it be completely wrong . i'm not sure if i trust my test ... i see the song as a metaphor which i'm sure most people do who really relate to it . and as for that second part ... sometimes you need to tell yourself things to try to get past your fears even if ... that might be hard to avoid :P haha i like this thread :) the only thing i really liked about frozen was elsa and now i don't feel so silly for feeling like her :P maybe one of these days , i'll learn to let it go with my own ... oh my gosh , i totally agree with you . wish i said this haha why did that post twice ? haha that sounds really cool :) hopefully i'll have the privilege of having such a friendship one of these days i feel like the people who say things like that in a serious way are not infjs ... i was more baffled than bragging when i kept reading that infjs are the rarest : so i'm not crazy ? there is an ... i feel like the people who say things like that in a serious way are not infjs ... i was more baffled than bragging when i kept reading that infjs are the rarest : so i'm not crazy ? there is an ... yeah , that's what i've always been worried about ... too much emotion . i would still like to meet an enfj one day :) ya'll sound so caring and i need a friend like that . i have a great infp friend but ... i really love this thread :) lately i've been infatuated with this guy that i'm pretty sure is an istj and reading y'all's perceptions on relationships and what not has greatly increased my ... i love one of my infp friends , she's an absolute joy :) for me , i get along with most types , but i seem to be attracted to people i don't understand because they fascinate me or balance me out ... well , the reason why i brought this up is because my mom is very happily married to a sensor and i'm sometimes attracted to them . ( my mom is an enfp by the way ) i just didn't know if it was a good ... interesting , no wonder why i always feel the need to either write my feelings down or verbalize them to other people to better understand myself :) and yes , external feeling is what i meant . i was ... ok , i want some infj opinions :) for the longest time , i've always thought that i needed someone who really understood all my deep , philosophical thoughts . since i'm trying to become a published ... in light of what humilis said ... do any of y'all find it difficult to tell how y'all feel about someone ? i confuse myself all the time with this ... is it because we have external emotions ? i mean it ... haha very deep stuff , i do think you're on to something however :) in actuality , i'm not sure if i hate anyone ... but what's life without being a little facetious ? :P well i didn't take it to mean that but oh well :p mmk :) thank you that's truly frightening haha well , at least you aren't held back by the concerns for another's feelings in stating your opinion ; this is sometimes a very good trait to have . if it comes up , then i'll use this ! thanks :) this is literally the thing i have most trouble with . i'm seeing how the separate car thing goes right now ... i don't want to use this line if i don't ... '