' 9 and climbing . bullying is not going anywhere in a hurry . it is bigger than any of us . dysfunctional behavior that is passed down through peers , parents , siblings , ancestors , history and so much more . growing up in ... i have one in my family . before and after myers briggs , i live by the principles of the 12 steps of a . a . unconditional love . serenity . compassion . forgiveness . higher power . welcome and thanks for the great read . very good questions , very insightful as well . i believe many people would rather not look at their defects of character , or shortcomings . we actually have a lot more going on than what we see on here ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH7WoeBVtXY i believe this guy is very truthful and very wise . i would love to meet him one day . i do not follow his practice , i do know he is the real deal . i ... once were warriors . apocalypto ( 2006 ) . welcome to the forum fellow infj . back in the 80 ' s was my first experience . i went blind and i could not see for about 3 hours . my friends did not want to wait till i could see so they escorted me around like a blind man till i could ... if i live in the problem and not the solution , then i would be happy to call myself a loser . seen it , and done it . living on the worlds terms is easier than not . one can respect the world and allow ... no , but i would join a chess club . intj said half full but he keeps a close eye on the level . as for me it is always overflowing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDpnjE1LUvE the movie rocked . the special effects were well done . thanks for the heads up . i am going to watch parkland now . the latest superman movie . not one for the atheist lets say . it was total garbage . it was more a sermon than a movie . dragon . people in purple cars are purple people eaters . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auVMmUiTvJ0 the bible is not infallible or have we proven the tablets with the 10 commandments on them existed ? catholics thought their leaders were infallible 40 years ago and that soon changed . johnny depp . robert de nero . kevin spacey . al pacino . marlon brando . welcome ... love science but did cooking instead . compared with my voice that was awesomeness ! ! ! . behavior really does breed behavior but that looked a little set up . welcome to the forum and enjoy . from a quick look on the net , about 800 years at least and it could be much more . hi fellow infj and welcome to the forum . have fun and enjoy . a bully is already punishing himself / herself through his dysfunctional behavior . the more he does wrong , the more he will have to fix later in his life , or live a most miserable and lonely life . what ... your characterx 92s alignment infj based on your answers to the quiz , your characterx 92s most likely alignment is lawful good . lawful good a lawful good character acts as a good person is ... greetings and happy birthday . deep breathing as i type . have a fun day . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Q00HQwO2Sg i am righteous more than emotional . 1 . how did you find out about perc ? my brother told me about the jung test being used for returning soldiers . he asked me nicely to do the test and i did . i looked through some infj threads and ... . yep exactly , wearing masks and maybe split personality as well . i would imagine it is not much of an image he is protecting . if they believe their own lies you are most likely dealing with someone who needs help .. lol . envy is what this kind of thinking will produce , jealousy , and resentment as well . we all have our special talents and as a group we make a better solution . to think one is better or worse is a waste ... i always get my extroverts to bring me gifts and bow three times ... lol . infp is no surprise really . the test does not cater for my type really . being sarcastic is an art form for sure . it makes people laugh . welcome to the forum and thanks for sharing a little about yourself . i am here for inspiration myself and i have found a lot here . good luck and have fun . seeing the impossible become possible is what i live for . welcome to the forum . rumble fish . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG5FBB8oEUI i loved my childhood , i was a hunter and gatherer like my parents and grand parents . it was a wonderful life being connected with nature and the wild life . i was raised by strict parents and ... welcome and have fun chilling . forgiveness , love and understanding will always win over , spite , resentment , and anger for me . i really did not understand what love thy enemy really meant as a teen , i do today . it means you can ... welcome to the forum . have fun and enoy .. oops i mean enjoy ... tee hee . the diary of anne frank . boarder line people pleasing ? or is it fully people pleasing ? for some reason i feel it can be useful in some situations but somehow my gut feeling tells me it is not really honest and a bit ... welcome and good luck with your search . '