' i'm glad you liked them . also , no , i have not heard of that quote before . i do like it though ; writing it down , thanks ! ^ _ ^ why don't i just give them all to you ? these images cycle as my computer background . it's corny to say it , but they do tend to kick me into gear when i'm feeling lazy or depressed . enjoy ! link ... silent_enigma sit up straight . if i had to give one , and only one , piece of advice then that would be it . it might sound stupid , pointless , or obvious to you at the moment , but if you follow ... laste exile is my favorite . steampunk with a focus on airships and subtle chess themes . fullmetal alchemist is good also but i stuck with the manga for that one . * stretches fingers * so it begins . i tell you of my most epic dream ever . i had it the day i had my wisdom teeth removed when i was all drugged up up and slept for 12 hours straight after the ... surreal snake 1 corinthians 13:11 i use to believe that hand dryers would shoot fire at me if i kept my hands under them for too long . this , a thousand times , this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDX1m0Y2Vkg brave fencer musashi & legend of dragoon on my psx emulator . as far as i'm concerned games today can't top the 5th & 6th generation consoles . boblikesoup sounds like a good paper . i particularly liked the second paragraph you presented and the is true chaos possible question . the idea i'm following from it , however , is that the ... i'm not the player or womanizer type because , in all honesty , most women bore me . my previous two relationships were initiated by the female because i wasn't interested enough to make a move ... geometry has always been the easiest for me , trig and algebra were boring , i really enjoyed calculus 1 , 2 , and 3 , and i hated differential equations . beyond all that though i had the pleasure of ... theboss yes , kinda , yes , and yes ! i also have to try very hard to not do this at stop lights : xkcd : turn signals this at home : xkcd : i'm an idiot if , in speech class , you impromptu all your speeches on the spot and tell the teacher you'll get him a transcript eventually . also if , while your differential equations teacher is proofing her ... i want kids , i really do , but that's not looking too well at this point in time what with the population skyrocketing as it is . i mean if i could trust every couple to only have two kids ( one to ... with old friends i'm catching up with we usually start with coffee / tea in the morning then work from there . i'll chose the activity based on who i'm dealing with ; could be anything from ... word on the street is people hate playing me in chess because of the constant smirk i have on my face . whether winning or losing they always have a nagging feeling i know something they don't . . ... what if there were no hypothetical questions ? oh . . . my humble apologies . i'mma go crawl in a hole now . best of luck , chap . wait till i get bored or have other things to do ( varies with the importance of the call ) . then , since most calls are recorded now-a-days , this takes place : i always leave the phone with a ... actually , there is no such thing as a truly random random number generation . every computer derived guess has a base somewhere in its code . human minds are very similar . if i ask you to pick a ... between two evils always pick the one you haven ’ t tried yet . - mae west - any clue what her type is ? cause there are a few i would highly recommend not playing games with . a masseuse ; i could use her immensely after lugging around all my engineering books to and from class all day . besides , i like driving and ramen is an inescapable part of my diet now anyway . i would want to be a harpy eagle , without a doubt . the sky would be my playground overlooking my hunting ground . the sea turtle is a somewhat close second . they're just so laid-back and easygoing , ... find a physical / mental activity you enjoy and join a local group ; a simple google or facebook search will reveal several to you if you live in / around a moderately sized city . if the group isn't too ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwtu7jThDm4 remind me of this cute redhead i use to know . . . in all the wrong ways . : cool : i've always , always been able to register with the characters , plots , and experiments . these are my particular favorites : xkcd : the difference xkcd : blanket fort xkcd : grownups anyone ... http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/matrix_revisited.png if you'd like a more physics-based approach to the understanding of light and dark you can consider the fact that darkness doesn't actually exist as any source , entity , or force . the only thing we ... 10 years ago i was a farmboy , about to start high school , and i wanted to be a fighter pilot . 5 years ago i was a farmboy , about to start college , and i wanted to be an aerospace engineer . today ... yes , without a doubt . a strong woman , positively challenged by conflict , knows how to use both her logical and emotional sides , and not one to beat around the bush . what could possibly go wrong ... so since it's a single-handed type thing i guess you don't need my help , ey ? i've enjoyed this avatar since i first watched corpse bride . a mixture of both . too many positives and you become too lax ; too many negatives and you can become too stressed . the ratio , however , all depends on the individual . me , personally ? i depend on the ... absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power . ~ eric hoffer ~ all god does is watch us and kill us when we get boring . we must never , ever be boring . ~ chuck palahniuk ~ be not so ... i'd have to give myself a 10 ; i don't lie . however , it's not because i find it immoral , or because i just don't care . i don't lie because it's so much fun not to . you see , there's something very ... a test , yeah , that pretty much sums up this for me . a little experiment to see if this site would be worth my time . . . and i mean that in the nicest way possible . hi , name's volantentropy ; break ... '