' # 3 . reminds me of myself when i was younger . that's right , i matured into a human . lol , i like that one . the only times i really mind people dismissing my conclusions is when i've put in considerable energy to explain myself . and when it becomes clear that the person was never really interested in a ... good to see this place hasn't changed much okay , here is my own unprofessional opinion ; it sounds like you are not communicating your needs well enough or that he for some reason can't or refuses to understand . one you can do something about , ... funerals are not for the persons who died but the ones living grieving them . give a message pertaining to those grieving to help them move on , focus on them and their relationship with her . i don't like you either . i'll like you when you stop caring and whining about what i and everyone else think of you . on what exactly do you want feedback on ? its a broad question , so i'll give you a broad answer . there are obviously a lot of issues here that you have to deal with . the biggest being self-esteem ; ... i think displays of affection differ from person to person and not really sure if its type related really . i enjoy hugging my nieces and nephews and so , where as i don't with strangers . its dependent ... ... hmm i don't total get it .. but i'll tell you what helps me . i make a mental note to pay attention to myself when i have an emotional spike and then to reflect on it the moment it happens . the more ... a man walks into a bar and says ouch . probably don't need to tell you this but be careful if you don't want a romantic relationship . all action starts with desire and the desires you are having requires more emotional entanglement ... the question to ask yourself is do you want this relationship or not . if you do then , honey works better then vinegar . so do the sweet things to make her feel special and in between asking and ... hey man no homo 99098 : tongue : it sounds like this question is more specifically about infj ? then you should post it in the infj sub forum , more of them will see it there and may provide some better insight for you . i too am ... my experience is quite limited . i too am not entirely sure i've ever experienced love if we are following the definition found in hollywood movies . what i experience is a deep interested to figure ... i agree with subtracting your husband from your life doesn't ... add intellectually conversation . that's not how that works . no matter who your partner is they will never be able to fully all ... i like that its visually interesting . i had the same issue understanding the narrator in some parts , maybe add some subtitles or making sure they say the words more clearly ? this my be reason why i ... welcome fellow intp . its good to have another in our ranks and hurrah , another manga lover . send me the links in a private message ? hello , i'm thinking of changing careers . i know in general what responsibilities i want , just not what the title or companies i should be looking at . im also looking for what the education ... well you already know what you want to do , so you got a general idea . as far as money there are many ways to finance your education . you can start by deciding what kind of school you want to go to ... as far as love and relationships , anything is possible . if you demonstrate you are sincere and show some effort , i think he'll take you back . i think only time can prove the qualities that you don't ... yeah , i agree that it's not a good idea to try to get her to change . we don't know where her obsessive cleaning stems from and depending on the reason it'd be out of your control , like if its ocd or ... world population of children age 5-9 : 604,063 , 713 . i think that explains it . it's enjoyable , but a bit predictable . not that being predictable is a bad thing , its like home cooking its familiar and comforting when that's what you are looking for . i have a hard time ... double post i'm going to try it for the first : my link . its probably going to be just as painful to read as it is to write . ^ ^ . its encouraging to see others are trying to . narrowing down some topics to choice ... i don't know how to feel about the doctor , but yeah she is definitely using him . however i feel that since their causes are aligned she will be of great stabilizing force in dexter's life and a great ... in fiction the most important thing for me is an interesting premise . i like grand ideals , stories that have a supernatural element or epic feel . believable characters are good as well . the minimum ... gmat prep course book .. hmm no netflix . i do enjoy the supernatural / fantasy genre though and its been getting good amount of attention in the last few years : kitteh : ... though more of the teen angst drama flavor : sad : . words pour from mouths they fall from lips like stone a pool of words forms , collecting at our feet it overflows and courses down the street down into the drains never to be heard empty words the rush of power crushing skulls , dominating drink it in like liquor grab a bottle grab a body feel the warmth pressed against your flesh pulling at your drawls , grabbing at your dollars ... gold , blood , any man would be lonely . the sigh in my heart , helps me forget . the cup overflows with blood . the connection is deep , feel the bite and sting of love . the recoil of revenge and ... well as far as school work , you aren't her mom . in the area of grades you have little leverage , i mean in terms of power to coerce ( the stick ) or holding something she really wants ( the open ... as expected of a intj ... so melodramatic : tongue : i think that is a bit of flawed logic . there are a variety of reasons to get an mba , besides wanting to run some giant corporation . i'm aiming to get one , so that i can be more independent . some ... its hard , but i think you need to try this out : talk to her about what you are feeling . she can't read your thoughts or understand what you are going through if you keep it all locked up in yourself ... i'm elated that my feelings have reached you . i must admit , i was expecting the warm embrace of handcuffs and the persistent invitation of uniformed gentlemen to stay over at their home . i was not ... take the more programming intensive course , it'll serve you better . its more hands on practical experience and its one of the harder skills to master . networks involve more theory and usually are ... hold on , i got a magnet here somewhere . fake metal tongue rings are so rampant these days , one can never to careful . oh wait i've got this live wire here too , testing conductivity is also important ... yeah , i want a feature to know who my fans are .. ugh i mean possible like-minded friends ; the ones who've like my posts the most .. : cool : there is nothing weird or socially awkward with hanging out at perc . my condolences , but you are also going through a hard time too . truly , how does one know they are a nice guy ? almost everyone assumes themselves as a good person . no one goes around thinking of themselves as a total prick . sea the standard for the nice ... its really not a big deal , as most programmers i know are introverts . so you probably won't be bothering each other other than passing work back and forth . maybe agreeing on different assigned parts ... from the creators of poke-mbti : gotta type them all , comes poke-intp , collect these elusive chameleon like creatures . travel to exotic locations like the library , their car , their room and their ... well .. um youtube is kind of saturated now but anyway : - keep videos less than 5 minutes long - cover popular songs - use or find a gimick - do collaborations with other artist on youtube ... i'm a christian . i've thought about it and i think its okay to be skeptical , in fact i think its expected , that is why we have the bible . its there for you to contemplate and come to your own ... my advice : chill . continue being romantic and lovey dovey with each other , its already developing into one without anyone assigning it the label yet . as long as you guys continue what you are doing ... '