' i tell you what's the cutest . lol . he almost fed me spoilt food in his fridge cos he lost track of what was in his fridge . i suggested to discard the expired egg , & how about the chocolates which ... estp can be so good to everyone . my estp greets and thank every bus driver , every waiter , etc . i never even notice their presence ! i'm so impressed . yup , my estp showed his vulnerability to me ... i have asked that , he did throw the question back to me . and it was more like , he wanted me to see for myself , what it is . and we bumped into his colleagues and he behaved like i was his ... he was just teasing me . cos he got offended the first time that i tried to give him treat . and so he always is the one paying . : happy : : happy :: happy : we are still together ! ! he is so gentle and devoted and sweet ! ! i think he can be sentimental . i see gentleness in his eyes . estp can be so gentle and sentimental ? maybe his t and f are ... my new estp bf lied to me about his age . he claimed he was 44 . he is really 54 . the facts didn't add up right eventually to me . i confronted him with what i found and he tried to cover up ... my favourite colour is not a standard colour . it is a particular shade of pink , with a tiny bit of orange mixed in . it is called coral or salmon pink . sometimes it is called rose pink . next ... as predicted by you guys ... yeah , i think mr estp is falling for me . and i think i'm also falling for him ... themartyparade , to me , kindness is being gentle & patient with me , giving me space , never saying cruel insensitive things to me , not critical , being encouraging and supportive . being sensitive ... i have difficulty with my boss . he is always barking rules must be respected ! ! ! to the team . and i will in my mind think fuck you . cos i hate restrictions . he always bark to the team ... the chase is still on ... thx firedell for ur reply . do you mean , hopefully he will tire of the chasing game with me and settle into a stable relationship ? so when he wants to settle with me means the chase is ... yup , i'm doing just that . testing his patience . so far he's doing well . i myself need a lot of persistence too , to keep on holding my ground ! ! ! not easy . i won't sleep with him just to test it out . i'm too isfp for that . i'm sure there are other ways to find the answer . diphenhydramine wrote perhaps you misread or i was not claer . he refers to himself as mine . you have to give your ( his name e . g . peter ) a treat . so he wants to be owned by me too ? ... yes , i think he does like me . he expressed happiness for me when i said i have found the apartment that i want to buy . and he said i have to give him a treat ( small one , cos i am going become ... hi , guess what ? estp is still going strongly after me . and i allowed some progress . and you are right . he really enjoys the chase and even proudly said to me , you girls like determined guys ... so what happens after estp has gotten what he wants ? what are the signs that the estp needs to know he is progressing ? ? maybe i don't feel we are progressing because perhaps i'm looking for emotional connection and there is none . estp guys are not ... as per my earlier thread , an estp is after me . many stuff i read about estp says that estp is insensitive and selfish and also smooth talker . the estp that is after me , indeed he is smooth ... my ideal guy : he is as smart as me ( i'm very smart ) . has a well paid job that he loves . he does not have to be very rich , but he must be able to live comfortably and have extra to pamper me a ... dear djarendee well is this a challenge for him ? i kinda suddenky growled dun touch there ! ' annoyedly and pissedly at him when his hand crossed a boundary yesterday . he stopped but he was ... i'm into both . i was into him the very first time i saw him and at that time , he hadn't even asked for my number yet . i think he is estp , because he is very domineering and pushy with physical intimacy . he can't stop holding my hand , can't stop kissing me . he demands for kisses in return if i ask for any favours ... hahahah ... what's the entj like ? ? ? what does the entj do ? ? ? what can isfx do to stop that ? ? i was treated like shit all my life because of my isfj ( super unhealhty ) mom . you can love them if they are not your boss or parent or teacher . i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him . i hate him for micromanaging me . i hate him for constantly badgering me . i hate him ... i've reached a point of my life , where i realised my relatinship with my enfj dad is seriously fu cked up . i feel my dad and i are very emotionally distant from each other . we are sooo polite to ... i think i'm dating enfj . but he could be esfj . it was our 3rd date , and we got intimate . he asked me if i could give him a blowjob but i negotiated and gave him a handjob . after that , he said ... i just dated my second enfj guy . lotsa sexual chemistry . we felt comfy with each other almost immediately . the previous enfj , it was also easy to have a emotional connection . and yes , i dress ... enfj males are supposed to be rare ... but yet , i'm dating my 2nd enfj male . plus my dad's enfj . so that's 3 enfj males in my life . i've gone with with al 3 times so far . he is very warm and ... on second thoughts , he may be an esfj . cos he's a worrywart , and he reacts dramatically to things . such that my colleague secretly say is he having menopause today ? he has bad hair days , literally ! possible . cos today , i saw a dramatic reaction from him , when something didn't go as he planned and he reacted strongly and upsetly at a colleague . my colleagues told me that he can behve like ... yes kinda . i can sense he has a lot of nervous energy . it's as if disorder is a beast to be slayed . it's like a fight or die response . he can be stubborn . and when things are not going ... i like him so far . i respect his knowledge , his skills to organise , his confidence , his consistency , his straightforward honesty , his impartiality , etc . i'm drawn to his groundedness . i don't see ... i need to get more opportunities to observe him outside work environment to know . cos i have only lunched with him twice so far . a six worries a lot . is his workaholism and wanting to keep tab on ... if we use eenneagram , then i would say that he is likely to be a one . he's strict and fastidious and impatient . i think he is estj or perhaps he is balanced . i have a istj friend , this istj is very calm and not very assertive , and become an account rather than manager . but my boss seems to be very ... i have a boss who is very strict . he goes by the book . he is very sharp . powerful memory . checks everything in details . he would make me sit with him while he goes through the report in ... i have cycles . i have cycles when i don't meet anyone for a while , and then suddenly , i feel terrible ! ! ! i would then start calling friends up and go on a social spree . and then i would then ... yeah , i got a good esfj guy friend ! there used to be some kind of attraction between us . but we're just good friends because of the age gap . exactly 6 mths . but i have helped him de-stress before . he has even expressed appreciation to me for the support that i've given him . he has also said that he feels comfortable with me and can ... to update . i decided to cook something and tell him that i would be delivering it to his place . but he said , not today , i'm stressed and tired . would be late from work too . i was sad and ... my esfj good guy friend does not show openly the caring feel about him . he's abrasive and blunt ! ! but i know he is caring deep inside him , which he shows to a few . yes , i think he's really a great person . i'm very proud of him . i have never felt proud about any men in my life before . ok , i will get him to cuddle me and then i will communicate with him . yes , ... thank you . you have given me courage to initiate meeting him more . funny , i sell too when i want to ask him out . honey , i've cooked something nice . i cooked an extra portion for you . can i drop ... haha , i guess i have to try harder than him . i used to buy my own food at public food courts while he got his own . then once he wanted to get for me . i have turned him down . the next time , he ... so far , he has - paid for my groceries ( he insisted ) - always pick up the tab for meals ( but in public food courts , i try to pay my own ) - however the last time we met , he insisted on buying my ... '