' i think nts are attracted to physician type careers , but ultimately go with something else . sjs are probably good surgeons , and i've also always kinda pegged them as cardiologists for some reason ... yo ! i was thinking today and realized sometimes i do things one way and not the other simply because it fits my type ( intj ) . sometimes i feel pressured to live up to my type . maybe that's a thing in ... and - - it's strange , and sad , but arthur waits for the sweet sarcasm , the crinkle of the eye and the charmingly , raspingly english way eames ' mouth softens the vowels of his clever retorts , but they ... now its better man by pearl jam http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWzLgWWu5wU i have had marilyn manson's i dont like the drugs ( but the drugs like me ) stuck in my head for days . how about you ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhCwebrGMTc if by party you mean sitting alone at my computer in pitch darkness at 3 am researching whatever interesting topic i thought of while laying in bed ... then yes . all the time . i think other types see ( atleast stereotypically ) the intp and intj types as the ' smart people ' to come to when there's a problem requiring intellectual and innovative solution , and the two types ... it pisses me off so much how many people don't know queens of the stone age , i forgot to put them on my list , but i love them . 3s and 7s , no one knows , little sister , song for the deaf are the best . metallica staind marilyn manson nirvana alice in chains pearl jam seether death cab for cutie disturbed audioslave yeah , sometimes i do it that way too . but i always line them up in rainbow order . i may or may not have a countdown on my chalkboard in my room ... my ex-best friend is a selfish , immature , overly dramatic , ignorant , petty bitch of a person . i've dealt with alcohol addiction , physical and emotional abuse , abandonment , severe depression , ... just wondering . they're one of my favorite series , and they're being developed into a movie . the books are as follows : book 1 : the knife of never letting go book 2 : the ask and the answer book 3 : ... the first , definitely . when i eat m & ms i must first eat them so all the m & ms in each color group are equal , then i line them up and eat them in rainbow order . when i was little , i believed that those plastic lids on pop cups with the press down buttons were for the customer to press down what type of drink they had , and when it was thrown away , people from ... every type can come across as cold at times , but the most stereotypical are intj and istj . i've been called cold by almost everyone i know , but i've also been told i'm crazy and warm and always ... Do: - stand up for yourself - give me space - have reasoning for your ideas don't : - talk about your feelings - be clingy - sing obnoxious songs i don't like when people ( even friends ) just come up and hug me , but if someone is a really good friend and i initiate it , it's fine . a granola bar . yum . just realized i never posted what i thought the other character's types are : dom : estp or estj arthur : intj ariadne : infj or enfj eames : enfp ( i can also see entp but if you prefer the theory ... if you were to go undercover as another type on perc ( whether the reason be spying , government research , a recent acceptance into the witness protection program , a mix of the three , bla bla bla ) , ... i was going to suggest that maybe sj parents simply don't get along well with nt children , but i remembered that my mother was also an isfj , and we're on okay terms . granted , she was almost as bad as ... i created a facebook about a year ago , but i never use it anymore . my friends actually made me a page full of stupid fake info and i got so irritated that i had to change it and then i just kept it ... mr . darcy arthur ( inception ) eames ( inception ) marshall eriksen ( how i met your mother ) carlton lassiter ( psych ) ron weasley there's definitely more , i always end up loving fictional ... i loved phil's obsession with captain america . i mean ... i was present when you were unconscious ... about ten minutes ago i was googling ( google-ing ? googleing ? ) 3rd rock from the sun . i can't get enough of that show . well that logic is bulletproof ... if you think that atleast half the self-claimed intjs are faking it . well they've just always come across as incredibly controlling , something i really dont like . when i was in highschool i had a group project with an esfj and they insulted me and my work every chance ... biggest flaw : i am incredibly insensitive and uncaring at the worst possible times . biggest strength : i have a pretty good work ethic , i get stuff done when it needs to be done and i do it well and ... do they ? ! all the experience i've had with guessed and confirmed esfjs have blatantly disliked me . perhaps it's just me ... oh jeez , just thinking about having to sit through even a few minutes of incredibly repetitive , mundane , pointless chit-chat about the weather is putting me in a bad mood ... i usually talk about ... this doesn't have to be some original phrase you made up , albeit it would be a bit more interesting if it was . what are some phrases or mottos you like to live by or just think are intersting , or ... this is exactly what i was hoping wouldn't happen . i am not discriminating against nerds , i am an incredibly huge nerd myself , nor am i saying that jocks are who everyone wants to be . simply going ... holy crap ! ! ! my gpa is the lowest its ever been ; 3.4 . and i am dying ! ! argghhh ... and i have bronchitis so my throat hurts like hell because i can't stop coughing :P fantastic . i mean this not as if to find out which types are more athletic and outgoing or which types are more introverted and studious , but if we can hypothetically assume that jocks are higher up on the ... but alright , i'll play . you bash on my type , i'll bash on yours , benr 3600 : who esfps think they are : 34667 and who esfps really are : 34668 but you do have a lot of examples for intjs , so atleast you were thinking of us , right ! inception fight club dark knight amanda knox trial i love sheldon , he's hilarious without meaning to be , doesn't take shit from anyone , and is so idiosyncratic that no one can stand him . second to him comes raj , his shyness and brains make him ... i really like the show , but it irritates me that for all their supposed geniusness , you rarely see them reading a book or conducting an experiment . the creators seem to just put them in normal ... i don't do well with kids , they make me uncomfortable and they don't seem to ever like me . despite this , i think i might want my own kids in the future , if i find the right person that is ( hopefully ... not so much knowledge as ... intelligence , or competence . number one to me would defintely be efficiency . mark novbett : i could immediately tell just from your first sentences that you read keirsey's book , and i cannot explain how relieved i am that you have ; i am so sick of people attempting to type ... i can see why arthur could be an istj , but honestly i think he's an intj . i think so many people are simply going off the fact that he challenged eames with specificity which could indicate an s ... 1 . confident 2 . analytical 3 . stubborn 4 . independent 5 . judgemental when i somehow end up alone in the middle of a room with everyone else around me talking , i usually try to focus on everyone's conversations all at once , and notice how different they are . it sounds ... so have i . '