' i'm so hesitant to be completely open with how i feel because if he's not ready to connect emotionally , my emotions may just push him away . i sent another text since i started this thread . it was ... could it be both ? what if you were knew you also hurt the person ? ( he admitted earlier the situation wasn't fair to me . ) i am over him hurting me . and that's why i had to cut him off . so i could handle it myself . because he wasn't in a place to do so . but it doesn't exactly feel good now that he's ignoring me . :/ that's exactly what i did ! i liked something back later that day . but then nothing else happened . so then i finally texted him 10 days later . just yesterday . and nothing . would you actually like their pictures though if you were still angry ? i don't necessarily blame him but i can't seem to gauge where he is . the reason why i say he's not mad is because after each message i sent , we had some social media interaction . the second time , he even went on the account i removed him from after i said i didn't ... i said i failed to see his side of things . no , no retraction . honestly because i didn't know what he wanted . it was by text . i basically said i wish it hadn't gone the way it did and tried to understand where he was coming from ( in how he hurt me ) . the second time i sent a nice easy going funny text i know ... what if you also hurt that person and you know you did ? but you didn't really want that reaction ? would you be able to be understanding and forgiving and try to work through it when the other person ... i told an infp i didn't want him in my life . it was an emotional reaction , but he did something to really hurt me . but i also handled it poorly . things have calmed down , and i have tried to ... i'm not sure what to call what it is he's doing . he's avoiding getting emotionally close to anyone . so he won't stick with one person . i think i was the closest he got to that . and i only have ... i guess it's possible he felt some rejection by it , but why would he ? he wasn't ready for something serious , and he knew that's what i wanted , and i couldn't hang around at his convenience while he ... stare darts life i know the easiest thing to do is walk away from this . i guess that's not what i want . i'm fairly sad about it , but i've worked on being steady and consistent and thinking long term . i would ... welcome to the i had an infp withdraw from me club . :) i don't know that any of this will help you , but i had an infp withdraw from me . ( i'm also enfp ) . if you want to peruse through that ... i need to give an update on this . i'm not sure what i'm looking for here . i'm struggling to reconcile new things i've learned in my head . i guess any thoughts , ideas , relating , etc . may help me ... no you didn't hurt my feelings at all ! you're being realistic ... and looking out for my well being . i'm okay with that . i'm a hopeful person but also fairly realistic . ( raised by an istj mother ) . my ... thank you ! i would say the same thing to a friend . it's helpful to make sure i take care of myself while trying so hard to understand him . a friend told me recently that i look for the best in people ... i relate to this ! the going back part . that's why i'm very cautious letting my emotions go . i felt them coming on strong with him so i asked him are you ready ? are you sure you're ready ? are you ... thank you for this ! that brings me peace because it gives me a better understanding of what is going on inside of his head . plus , in all honesty , i don't feel like i did something wrong . what do ... thank you for saying this because i grew up hiding my emotions and feeling needy because i had needs . that's a whole other story but my emotions were not fostered growing up . and so i tend to feel ... i know he's drained . and i think i can understand it because i've been drained when my mind is on overdrive , especially if i'm being hard on myself . that is more of a focus to him than i am and so he ... i'm not familiar with this theory . i'm curious . i'll have to check it out . i don't think it's about what i'm giving him . i think it's what i expect from him . mostly i expect engagement ... i think he's just not capable of it now . i would guess , as an infp , the lack of seeing the future is what is draining to him . i think he's in an fi-si loop stuck in the past . he knows where he is ... i also thinks he likes me but he's pulled away and i don't think conversations about the situation will get him any closer . honestly , if i have the strength and patience to attempt to make him feel ... i know . and it does hurt . i keep thinking i can be logical about it but i need a serious drop in expectations in order to be logical . i am very good at not letting my emotions go if i think it's ... you're right . i'm not setting any . i've been on both sides of this before . i told him a week or so ago i'm concerned he'll lose respect for me if i'm giving him more than he's giving and he seemed ... we talked . i'm trying to place all of my anxiety about this situation over here or in discussions with friends so as not to overwhelm him . he said being in a relationship would be a roadblock ... maybe you're right . i feel like i may have gotten to the bottom of it and that's that he doesn't want to let go of his past yet . he didn't tell me this , but when i asked some questions , it came out . ... i get this . and i agree . i'm the same way . but when i back off , he will still initiate with me . when i ask about it , he says he's conflicted . i'm really not trying to wedge my foot in the door though ... i don't feel pressure . i just really have a strong vision for a future with him . i don't get these visions for people often . but i am better at finding them now , as i'm a bit more experienced at ... and this is why i ask other people in my life but this whole thread has me at the conclusion they are wrong . it makes more sense now . so . my first reaction is to the five years . this scares ... thank you ! this is immensely helpful . i'm listening to what everyone else in my life is telling me , which is basically that he wants out and he doesn't have the heart to tell me . i was mistreated ... exactly , he's afraid of another breakup . things will work means we'd get married . he's afraid of hurting me which will hurt him . i don't know all the details from his last relationship , but he was ... haha , well that wasn't what i expected . but i can't disagree with you . lol . not much of a choice . :) i do like trees ! i've been all over the redwoods and sequoias over here . the u . s . no , no , we did meet . we spent three different days together . things went really well . according to him , that's why he freaked out . he said he has to know things will work because he can't face ... thank you , and yes , it makes me wonder if it's a similar situation . i don't think he's like that , but i didn't think the other guy was either . what is the conflict for you between something good and a deeper feeling ? what resolves that for you ? if he's definitely out and that won't change , then i need to immediately work on being done . i don't want to cause myself further pain . he never says it's me though . he says he's conflicted and would ... yes . i hung around and kept trying when the other person was clearly on his way out while he was staying in the relationship . no . i just miss him , and i don't want to let him go . i'm just afraid i'm being foolish by sticking around ... that he really doesn't want me . everyone seems to think that . i have not put myself ... it's not fair to me , no . but i also am torn that we are missing out . we both have things with each other that we've never had . i know he'll eventually be fine ( he thinks he may not be , and i know ... i feel like i want us to have a chance , and i would wait for that , if i knew there was one . i don't want to heal him . i am a firm believer that that is a bad idea . then wouldn't he say , let me get things together , and we'll take a crack at this later ? and if that's the case , what is the best thing i can do . i'm afraid by sticking around , i become a comfort ... i'm bad at being succinct . please bear with me . if anyone has any suggestions , points of view , or if you relate or understand any of the below , i'd appreciate your thoughts . i began a ... ... i think people define forgiveness differently . obviously it can affect the one forgiven . one may seek forgiveness to have a place in the forgiver's life . the forgiven may feel badly about his act and ... '