so on a slightly lighter note i'm curious what was this statement in regards to ? i use vanilla chrome with no ad-block or anything like that and besides from the ad up near the top of each page i get no ads . i have no idea what's happening on your end . * sigh * it's already 38 in melbourne and it's meant to hit 43 and over night it is going to be 25 . thank god i'm not in adelaide though . damn bloody medication is expensive wirelesssleep my opinion on this in a quick one liner is that it is not worth trying to get back together , at least not yet . a bunch of ramblings below , proceed at own risk . first as a pet ... yeah i noticed that . it's also the only symbol on her which makes it even stranger . as for the tropes well its not like they have a lot of experience making anime and for such a short clip i didn't ... i honestly have no idea what their marketing team is thinking . that being said it actually looks pretty decent ( the anime clip that is not i . e . although i have heard that it has improved .. ) it's going to take a lot longer than that . i was born here * and i still don't get all of the fuss . although from what i have learnt the fuss isn't so much about the race , more that the race is an ... .. i'm more confused as to how you think he doesn't like you . holy crap that is brilliant . so apparently they're making a crowd funded phone . it actually looks really good .. : shocked : it also looks quite ascetically pleasing . took the car for a service , but before i did i emptied out all of the gold coins ( $ 1 and $ 2 ) that i had be stockpiling in the ash tray . i knew that i had around $ 40 in the car , but when i took them ... oh i have been waiting for this episode for quite a while . good to see all of the fangirls reactions didn't disappoint . god damn it , just finished the last book in a series ( cycle / saga / epic names get confusing when a series has several trilogies in it ) that i have been reading for years . so many memories . hopefully ... gah what is this sickness . i can't even remember the last time i was sick it's been so long . so marvel has released a a fair few big movies in it's time , avengers , x-men , hulk and what have you . but the first movie they ever decided to make they got george lucus to do it , you know the guy ... yeah once you understand what things they're looking for it's pretty easy to get any result you want . ( also no clue as to the arcade machines you mentioned ) . kinect app can detect depression heh i actully feel tempted to try this out and see what it makes of me . although that would first require me to purchase an actual kinect .. i got a text saying i have won 500,000 pounds * and a toyota car from a microsoft lottery . sounds legit . * i live in australia . http://sphotos-h.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/318248_217281108417853_1799766256_n.jpg my hotmail account has been suspended due to unusual activity . i wouldn't really care if it wasn't for the fact that 1 . i was in the process of migrating everything of importance from that email ... either way free publicity . also congrats . super computer to simulate brain . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ojYK6CW8gdw# ! now that is pretty cool . https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-TAJPr2hmEtM/UQor7YSR13I/AAACd10/-T6VJ1LyWw8/s640/312364_539184739435875_183775161_n.jpg i'm up for it . i used to frequent the perc chat room quite a lot that is when it used to have a chatroom . what the fuck is this . this goes on for 15 pages ( as of the time of posting this ) . edit : nsfw ref : 9 int : 5 vis : 1 glo : 9 i found that several of the answers were equally valid for me , especially for graphs vs written explanations . they way i figure it is that people try to fix problems the way that they would need them to be fixed if it was their own problem . this rarely ( at least from my experience ) equates to actually ... i didn't know it was meant to be a secret .. * goes and destroys all of the evidence . * i think that every one is nice to those they care about , just intj's don't care about many people . found this on facebook . special fluoride free resevoire . seriously ? let alone all of the other stupidities in that statement . further more this came from a post that was asking if water ... ' brighter than a full moon ' : the biggest star of 2013 ... could be ison - the comet of the century - science - news - the independent arma 3 delayed because two of the lead developers have been accused of espionage in greece . what ? : confused : edit : apparently this happened in september o . o note to self do not film / photograph ... there was one girl who i ignored because she was really , really annoying ( drunk calls at night every second weekend gets old fast ) . she then sent me an fb message a couple of months later which went ... honestly that sounds like great fun to me , although that is coming from a on summer break university student who doesn't have a job atm and who has had barely any time in the snow . honestly i don't pay too much attention to the exact temperature when cooking , to be fair a lot of that has to do with the fact that our oven sucks . in terms of ovening i find that i often use 180 , ... while you have good points and for weather it is probably a better system for countries that experience massive differences ( i . e one part its snowing and the other part is too hot to live ) there is a ... well not in terms of weather , but cooking it's pretty handy , i mean 100c is the boiling point of water which is a pretty common occurrence and you can measure how hot something is ( i . e an oven ) by ... i dunno does it snow for you ? otherwise i think i might take a pass and just stay in front of the fan all day . i never got why people use fahrenheit , as a temperature system for every day ... today was 27 degrees today , hot but tolerable . tomorrow is going to be 38 . i am not looking forward to that . for all of you fahrenheit-ers out there that is a change from 80.6 to 100.4 . well i just got my first phone call concerning a ' problem with my windows 7 computer ' . they couldn't even answer my first question . man and here i was prepared to waste some time . scammers just ... yeah its one of the main reasons i changed by gender shown to neutral , even with my small participation i noticed people treating me slightly different ( more warmly on average ) then they did ... i usually find it quite handy to have some fruit in the house , great to eat when your hungry .. or bored . nothing like going to the market and buying 10 kgs of a given fruit for 1/4 the price in ... for memory missjordan was originally called misterjordan but changed it . i think it was to see if people treated a female esfp ( or some type like that ) differently . although that was ages ago ... history transformed in vce exam oh dear god . vce is the final two years of high school in the state i am in . the results of this is used to get into university . and instead it became awesome . : cool : looking up lana del ray on wikipedia , i see all of her known aliases : lizzy grant lana del ray lana rey del mar may jailer sparkle jump rope queen sparkle jump rope queen how . why . who ... i use chrome , youtube is fine for me , although i don't have it on auto play on page load up so thats probably why . google 28 days later .