' that's probably because it's hard to get a consistent view on types using mbti . you are probably a lii ( intj ) and your friend a sei ( isfp ) . or you are a ili ( intp ) and your friend a esi ( isfj ) ... haha ! well , if that really was true , don't you think that's a pretty bad definition of being human , considering 70 % don't fit it . so you don't think thinkers can have hurt feelings , or ? ... well , you don't . it's not a good idea to try to improve an inferior function . but , there are some things you can do . be prepared . it puts less pressure on te if you have had time to take care of ... why do you care ? your type is not gonna change to something else , just because others view isfps in a certain way ( if that is even true , i don't know ) if you are good in academics that means ... things entp likes in a partner : 1 friendly , warm , easy-going 2 helps you relax 3 shows emotions naturally 4 doesn't argue about relationships 5 helps you focus on worldly matters when needed ... learn socionics ( yeah , it takes a while , but it's not impossible ) . try to hang out / make friends with the same quadra . it doesn't mean that you will connect with all of them , far from it , but the ... enfj ___ i wrote the post you quoted a long time ago . anyway , you cannot just swap j / p for introverts to get the socionics type . there is no automatic way of converting the types , but often types are the ... basically the strength of the esfp is great flexibility in personal relationships and understanding of power . of course i don't know if you really are esfp / see , but here are some descriptions . ... yes . many esfp are good natural leaders . it's the same type as the see politician in socionics . the esfp is one of the types that is most centered on personal power . and i've noticed that many ... your're right about that . esfp is very common among politicians . reinin dichotomies requires knowledge of socionics . not only to read the article about them but to observe these things in real life for a long time and categorizing people through the socionics ... i am glad it was . even though i didn't use my translate-to-intuitive-language software when writing it . :) they do . not exactly in the same way because all dual pair have different interests , ... i am standing at the end of the world with no fear , no fear : shocked : actually , it is 100 % right , but it takes many years of observations and life experience to realize this . people in these ... it's interesting . in mbti there is the s / n opposition that people want to emphasize , because the model keeps them separate . so some people assume that sensors and intuitors cannot communicate very ... i type god istj , as he appears in the old testament . yes , he is definitely enfj . i don't understand why some people want to type him as an introvert or thinker . his speeches are extremely outgoing , dramatical , emotional , manipulating and affecting the ... enfj ... entp-isfp is duality ( a natural match ) . so just go for it and follow your instincts . try to do things where you both can be yourselves , away from demands of the environment ( work , school ) . give each ... of course you have chemistry with an istp , you and him are duals . ( iee-sli ) . that's the best type match . trust your instincts but don't trust everything you read on the internet . it's actually better to think of same type code as being corresponding types . so isfj = isfj ( esi ) and isfp = isfp ( sei ) etc . so then the functional order is different , but the functional ... socionics is very accurate , but it's a whole theory of compatibility . it's not enough to read through some website and then think you know it . the socionics relationships can seem suspiciously ... it's not really that simple . it could be that your girlfriend is an isfp / sei and that you are duals ( congratulations if that's the case ! ) . but you cannot use the j / p conversion for introverts ... that's activation and a very common relationship ( entp + esfj ) . there are a lot of married couples and friends with this type combination . but using the sj-category to generalize about relationships is ... extraverts can be shy . nothing strange about that . entp ... i know this . it is just that these are not good definitions for what we see in real people , if we compare all 16 types and how they interact . and if we compare different typology systems . it's a long ... still , it captures the types we see in the real world much better . there is a problem with mbti , it fucks up the functional order for introverts . this has never been corrected . the se-types are ... in socionics the ego and super-id functions are the same in each quadra , not the first 4 . oh , maybe you were talking about the mbti functional order . yeah , just don't mix mbti and socionics , it ... nope , the j / p switch for introverts doesn't work . it would only work if you assumed that the functional definitions are the same , but they aren't . the relation between mbti and socionics is actually ... these are all mirror relationships in socionics . they are good because they are inside the same quadra , but they are not the best . partners have similar strengths with slightly different emphasis ... no , this is not correct . i know there is a web site with a conversion table of this kind , but it is not correct . this has been discussed on socionics forums . the conversion would only be correct if ... it's tricky to mix mbti and socionics . you cannot just switch the j / p for introverts to get the socionics type . actually , often the socionics type and mbti type are the same . i , for example , am isfp ... however , there are theories that try to predict the development of relationships from a type perspective . and explain why two so different types as istj and enfj can match perfectly . still , of course ... enfj and istj are duals in socionics . so provided you have the same types in socionics ( which you might have ) , then that's the perfect match , but it can take some time to get used to each other . ... socionics functions have different definitions than in mbti , so dont confuse the two . fi in socionics is not the same as fi in mbti . if you want to know about compatibility between types , then ... this sounds very biased to me . to mention logics vs supernatural as the line between t / f when talking about intellect . feelers dont tend to believe in supernatural stuff as opposed to logics ... ... what do you mean ? if you are isfp you cannot have ne . but you might have developed ni so you percieve things with se + ni . maybe you think of it as ne . have you read this ? : how to tell intuiting ... i've left this forum , but i'm just stopping by for a while . why do you want to know why i think i am isfp ? i know it from many things , they all combined gave me the information i needed to ... socionics has a model of intertype relations . estp and infp form a duality pair = best psychological comfort ( it doesnt say anything about attraction ) . formally mbti types and socionic types are not ... they have different dominant functions . ne and se . but they can be easily confused in a test . there is a quite useful article about this problem : how to tell intuiting from extraverted sensing | ... many infj : s have eyes turned downwards . like being sad . like this : / i think infj eyes look exactly like the functions of their type : they radiate fe through a layer of ni . look at this old ... thank you for posting this . i've been thinking about this too . before i knew anything about mbti and my type i was able to be fake in an innocent way . i could for example put on an esfj face to ... just a small off-topic remark on this : i never understand what balanced p / j actually means . the four letter code is just a short form for the four preferred functions , and they are fixed . j means ... i use linux ( ubuntu ) . no anti-virus and no viruses . muahahahah ! i'd say stereotypical dominant se . confident in ever changing situations , enjoys the thrill . wants to make an impact and get an immediate result . spontanous . confident . estp extraverted sensing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dF_irDJUdGI i cannot say that i am the same way . and as types we are very different . but there is one analogy : i often feel that i have to listen to people . it's not that i want to listen to them , or ... in a way there is nothing to remove because the identity is virtual . except the connection to the physical you , your real e-mail address . but it can be changed or removed , as far as i know . when you ... '