' this . also flashbacks to times you've been criticized by others ( especially if you feel it was undeserved criticism / you were misunderstood ) whispers of the beloved by rumi and thinkers of the east by idries shah ... this book makes my little intuitive heart all warm and fuzzy and liao-fan's four lessons harvest for hope by jane goodall makes me want to go back to vegetarianism the ancestor's tale by richard dawkins when our handbasket to hell gets me down , i find it helps to think in ... worldchanging : a user's guide to the 21st century when this website makes you cry : the nicest place on the internet ( or maybe it's an nf thing ? or an f thing ? ) petracovich - nighttime http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gNpfrT6sak this song seems kind of infp to me . any thoughts ? yes ! ! ! do you know posterchild ? of bladediary.com ? he does stencils , as well as things like this : http://personalitycafe.com/members/adamantya-albums-xiangce-picture29140-2009-11-04.jpg ... sassypants , your user name makes me smile ! :D that's to lull the unsuspecting victim into a false sense of security ^ __ ^ all part of the plan ~ ( argh why won't it show up ? ) barbapapa ! we infjs are about as good at looking threatening and angry as the barbapapa is : ) ... dear everyone ; jumping in on a thread without having read all the preceding posts , as usual : am having doubts about my type . i don't feel like there's any other type that i'm more likely to be , ... i'm afraid i just can't picture you wanting someone to die - you've got much more of a concerned parent thing going on , like you're upset with a child for doing something to put themselves in danger ... not to sound overconfident , but i'm pretty sure i win . http://personalitycafe.com/members/adamantya-albums-umm-pictures-picture28497-90.jpg yep i finally watched the last 2 hp movies on nov 18th , and i'm still feeling snape's lifelong suffering for him . i read the book about a year ago i guess , but somehow it didn't affect me as much ... so , just as an example , i watched both seasons of the new nikita over the course of three or so days , and i got so caught up in the story and felt so sad for the suffering of the characters that i ... there's something similar in montreal ; the magazine is called l'itineraire and i've bought one copy of it . the articles are about the homeless and i think frequently also by the homeless .. not sure ... dear thesis gods , thank you ! that was fairly painless . i think i can promise that i will never bother you again . sincerely , me boba fett fox mulder jack bauer oliver wood vash the stampede satan ( yeeaah ... evil is sexy .. and yes i consider him fictional ) cloud strife captain li shang from mulan yan qing , hua rong , and ... thanks ! but actually , control is my problem ; i've been trying to loosen up because it seems like the goal of watercolor is to be able to splash a couple of washes on the paper , just hinting at what's ... some paintings done this fall . 1st and 3rd are from photos i took ; 2nd and 4th are from photos in books . please feel free to analyze / type / comment ~ ... two nights ago i went for a walk : moonlight , leaves rustling on the trees and underfoot , a warm breeze off the river , the smell of fall , temperature cool enough to keep me alert but warm enough that ... the ursula franklin reader : pacifism as a map i'm not religious , but if i were , i think i'd like to be a quaker . hmm ... i guess i'm the opposite of most of you ; if i've got the speech memorized , i can go on autopilot and recite the speech and not think about anything else . i don't have photographic memory per ... sometimes i wish i were an estp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpyZEzrDf4c hey guys , i remember reading some posts in a thread around here about dreams , and it got me researching dreams on the net , and then i discovered lucid dreaming , and it sounded like fun , so i started ... since we're doing baby pictures : http://personalitycafe.com/members/adamantya-albums-umm-pictures-picture25797-scan100011.jpg you betcha ! ;D there's just something about the way the top of the glasses lines up with your eyes , and maybe the colour combo and slight vintagey-ness of the photograph , and ... i dunno , just a ... that's not nerdy ; that , my friend , is the cutest hipster baby i've ever seen ! actually , the first i've ever seen . ^ ___ ^ dear perc , what happened ? do you know how deprived i was without you yesterday ? do you know how long i searched the internet trying to figure if you were down for everyone or just me ? anyway , ... that is exactly my situation ! except that mine wasn't quite as long as yours before the cut - but i had been wanting to get a really short cut for months and months , and a while ago i was up late ... hahah , ok , here goes ~ http://personalitycafe.com/members/adamantya-albums-umm-pictures-picture25644-42.jpg i feel like a mix between hathor from stargate sg - 1 and jane birkin . so i made a ... not yet ; i am reading tfa and the tfa companion book . i would like to read his other books , but i'm worried that if i overdo it all at once , it won't stick ; i'm planning to really try the things he ... the four agreements http://personalitycafe.com/members/adamantya-albums-umm-pictures-picture25533-38.jpg i got a haircut today , super-straight and with bangs , and when i got home i opened photobooth to take a picture ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRdiNcz3PXA if i ever get my effing ma thesis finished and defended on time , i hope to go into teaching or public service to start with , and then slowly ( hmm , not so slowly would be nice i guess ) develop a ... i don't believe we've met , but welcome back : ) 13/20 i didn't understand at first ; i didn't know they were going to start and end with a straight face ( didn't read the instructions carefully ) so i gave most of the ones at the beginning fake ... i don't want to pry , but i feel i'd be able to give more useful advice if i had a better idea of what type of ' unique circumstances ' force you to keep cordial relations . if it's a coworker from a job ... dear ... world ? mbti ? jung ? ... , discovering ni has been the best thing that ever happened to my ma thesis . and no , my field of study isn't psychology . sincerely , a vindicated intuitive who ... dear perc , you are the great fairy fountain in the hyrule of my life . now if only i had some empty bottles ... i'm reading ( was reading - it's short ) juan mascaro's translation . haven't read any others , so can't compare , but i did enjoy this one . if only it were as easy to implement as it was to read ... ... the dhammapada just walk beside me and be my friend . excuses excuses ; ) well , we'll hold you to the halloween deadline ~ hey wait , that's a great idea ! we could do an infj halloween costume thread ! : tongue : you could always set an example : wink : that's what i'm talkin ' about ! by the way , is that kermit from muppet treasure island ? and also , we have the same camera ~ well , you're all a lot braver than i am . i'm not sad very often , but i don't like it when it happens . or ... maybe sadness is tolerable , but depression is awful , and other people's depression can be ... dear infj men , lurkers , and others who only post a photo once every thirty odd pages ( or haven't posted any ): post more photos :D holy moly that's a big fish ! also , do you know the type of the other person in the second photo ? '