' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHJr07zU9Gk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=450p7goxZqg my best friend is an infp . i'm really into gaming lately : i've just played rayman origins . it's sooo pretty , fun and relaxing . except at the end it gets a bit too hard for me . but the cartoony graphics , the soundtracks , the ... andufeff i've waited so long this love tearing me down https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQCMtudobKU i think for a long term relationship , i'll need an nf . i have some st-friends , well ... two st-guys i used to have something with . they have their own great qualities , but it's really difficult to get ... you are my sweetest downfall i loved you first , i loved you first ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p62rfWxs6a8 i'm an infj and it's scary how you hit the nail on the head there ( at least about me , i'm not going to speak for all the infjs ) . i have this problem at times . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crTYOryEFXw well , this may be a silly tip , but i bought an extremely soft teddy bear when i was feeling down . i had quite a depression when i was 16 and sadly enough , i relapsed a few months ago . i'm seeing a ... this is how i feel at the moment , two of my guy friends were being insensitive towards me : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suaveqvlWP8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDNVTueV9TE thank you so so so much for this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crTYOryEFXw what helped was that he just wants to go out and do things . and i try to tag along . i always worry so much , instead of just enjoying the fact that we have something fun planned . afterwards , i had fun ... well , what i have learned of the istp-person in my life , is to live more in the now , not think just do sometimes ... it's hard though . my former best friend did somes tests and mainly got infj out of it , but we looked into it and read up on things . he cleary is an infp . one video on youtube really helped to make the distinction . at the moment ? none . over a year ago , i still had two best friends . the female best friend and me went our separate ways and now my best friend of 7 years kind of ditched me because he finally found ... when you realize , you still have feelings for that istp-guy you dated 4 years ago , had incredibly drama breakup with ( didn't speak to each other for a year ) , went camping with him and some friends , ... lol , i didn't know there were even some options , the first thing that came straight to my mind was : chocolate . it's sweet , it hugs you emotionally , it soothes ... it fills up the emptiness you get ... affection yup , i'm highly sensitive . i've known for quite some years now . i don't really like it , because in this society it kind of sucks being an hsp . but i also think it kind of sucks to be an infj in this ... oh , there was no real sex involved . he did offer to not touch and such , if it would make it easier on me to keep a clear boundary , so i don't think he was in it for the sex he was into me but then he got scared . so there's no possibility that when we both relax it turns out differently ? to continue my story in the previous posts . he freaked out and said again he doesn't think he will fall in love with me . so we are now just friends . first i was upset about the betrayal , because he ... the issue is not about saying i love you . the issue was if we were officially together or not . he's the one who brought it up , but also started to panick a bit . i panicked a bit too and suddenly it ... and what is the best way for me to respect that ? and my problem also is , when do i know he won't doubt so quickly anymore . i find it really hard to still trust him now . why do i attract st types , who then get drained by my fe and ni and then run away ... is it typical for istj to doubt a lot ? i needed my time in the beginning to open up to him , he really did his best so i could open up . i finally open up and now he's like i don't know if i will fall ... i can't relate with being quiet . my fe is all over the place at times . it used to be different though , i was quite shy and quiet . all the rest is very spot on though . it's not nice to kick somebody who's already down . he's not weak , he's hurt . and all people have their own struggles . and 0 % attachment ? that doesn't sound healthy at all . that sounds like a ... * hugs * i can only say , i'm struggling with something similar : s the only advice i can give is try focusing on yourself . that's what i do . distraction , distraction , distraction ... it's the only ... well , i tried giving logical reasoning and then i gave up . to heal . myself and others . healing scars , making lost limbs reappear or even to healing an annoying zit on a date night :p my god , yes , yes and yes . i have the same thing and it's my biggest frustation i understood sadly enough , infjs often have to help themselves . which is my problem , i get frustrated because i would love to have help of other people , but because nobody seems to really ... somehow i often get attracted to the shy , mysterious guy . i want to open them up like a christmas present , discover what's inside . what is you main goals in life ? to survive . or at least that's the feeling i have . to survive in a hostile environment . what do you think about on a day to day basis ? i think about soulmates ... i was just trying to be comforting and said it with lightheartedness , because i once was akward with emotions too . you don't have to attack me like that . my intuition and thinking is just fine . so ... aren't you guys overreacting a little ? you make it sound like the world is going to end or it's the most horrible thing that could happen to you . just relax and don't run away . :) that's the most ... i also started my first job . and now i have a hard time finding reload time . the problem is that each morning , the moment i walk out of the door , it's 2,5 hours before i start to work and in the ... thank you so much for explaining . i feel like i'm finally getting somewhere understanding istps . or to at least know how to not step on their toes . i think going out with this istp is a good ... i just started my first job . been doing it for a month now . i work in the customer care department of a pharmaceutical company ( concerning health and environment ) . the job is placing orders and ... now this is interesting ! in what way could i tell a story instead of just sharing feelings ? for me they same to be intertwined . seems i did it again , by mentioning emotional stuff here . it's really remarkable , on an infj forum people would be empathizing and here it almost looks like i dropped the f-bomb or something : tongue : ... could you please elaborate ? although i think i once scared an istp off with my fe . which hurt a lot , because it was about my abuse ( i freaked out after we had gotten a bit frisky a day or two ... i was wondering this . if i'm annoying when hanging out with an istp . i have the tendency to have fe and ni all over the place and ask a lot questions ( why this ? why that ? how did you feel when .. ? ... when i feel good , i smile , look people in the eye and joke around . the minute i feel though that that person is getting the wrong idea , i will stop with the joking around and such and tone it down to ... i flirt naturally apparently . laughing , looking them in the eyes and i love poking and hitting . a gentle touch . i don't decide , it's just what i start to do and i get all giddy . but i can only do it ... i feel like i'm not appreciated , because of my fe . the people who internalize everything and have introverted feeling , seem to be mysterious and interesting . me with my fe , my feelings all over the ... '