' you could say that karma acts out in society in that criminals are apprehended by the legal system . if nice folks did sit back and let injustices occur , then you could argue they are acting in bad ... i often find i have a grotesque fascination ( and caring ) for people who are in pain . a part of me really values intuitively grasping the problems of another , and i've been remarked to be very easy ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcKZkYxB1Hk sufjan's music often has that nebulous way of approaching an idea , ni is getting a sense of deeper or more foundational qualities of a person / thing ... nabbit i can't say i'm a huge proponent of mbti or cognitive functions , but judging by your function stack in your signature - ni > fi > ne > si , you seem perfectly suited towards these kinds of ... how do you think your interactions with others would be different if you were interacting with ni-doms ? i enjoy doing that kind of thing as well , though usually i say something absurdly stupid or counter to logic and pass it off with a deadpan expression as being my genuine opinion . no , i am not superstitious or religious , but i do have a strong sense of spirituality . i mean that in the sense of being connected to the irrational part of my humanity that seeks and dreams in ... just how hard to understand do you mean ? are you cryptic with what you say ? or is it simply a great leap of perspective to understand the humorous side to a lot of what you say ? hello ! ( oh wait , i don't belong here ! ) well , greetings from the intps . you should come visit sometime , we have cake and existential musings ! well , if everyone were like me , then i would be like everyone else , which would violate my individualist-compulsion , and i would likely become like something else in order to maintain a sense of ... you're favorite type is intp , i imagine ? infps , you are fun to squish ! ^ _ ^ hey , just thought i'd poke around in here , cause some ruckus . how do you infjs tend to express humour ? would you say you are particularly humorous ? are there things that you find humorous ... i laugh a lot at my own humour , but i don't often make jokes . to me , a joke is a more discrete and consistent entity that is purposefully told , whereas humour is more of a mode of perceiving ... i don't know ... i've found a lot of glee in my ramble-blather ! the quality of meaning is absurd . and yet so juicy ! it may or may not be ridiculous , but the point of the saying is not nearly so much in it's applicability to chains , but rather in the complexity of its implicit thematic elements . the point at which ... redonkulous is truly a word without surd . i cannot extend any reason other than pure madness to the notion of saying same difference rather than same thing either . post terminated . i think we can all agree that monty python is the pinnacle of some random assertion that will hopefully win the prestige and adoration of my fellow intps . yes , well these things are obviously bad . i am generally wary of anything intended to be serious . and what , to you , counts as unhinged absurdity ? absurd ! how much of it can you handle ? are you a harbinger of absurdity ? what with the intellectualism ascribed to intp , i think many think that we think in almost exclusively pragmatic ... maybe . but i've found it's a fleeting endeavor to use something like level of contentment or pleasantness of feeling as a metric to gauge happiness . the point , to me , is : does my life have meaning ? ... would you be able to change my name to cryoshakespeare ? :) thanks , this outdated username is awful ! xd 5w4 4w5 8w7 sx / so i don't know , i don't believe i have the capacity to predict what i would do under extreme circumstances , having never been in one . well , music with a logical or calculated vibe to it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX1pm2o_2T4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fznHWFIvGlk and then an emotional spin on that vibe by ... that is so damn true . i have strong feelings which tend to express themselves in negative and subversive ways if i suppress them , so instead i prime my emotional state every morning by listening to ... alright , cool . i have strong emotions , well , more specifically , i have strong drives such as anger and i can be stimulated to hyper-activity and energy easily enough . though this entirely depends on ... huh . those dramatic things you talk about sound * extremely * similar to the kinds of drama that i used to make when i was still dealing with my fucktonne of repressed rage back when i was frequently ... my ability to find things boring without shame alright , i think i'm getting the picture : my emotions do not make me special , and while i certainly have strong and changeable feelings , i tend to let them go . they do not define me , they are of ... typeless ? maybe motivated to not have a type , which indicates ideas of self-forgetting or an undefined-self , which indicates enneatype 9 ? not seeing much enneatype 1 there . or type 2 . type ... apologies , it's been nearly a month since you posted your reply ! to be honest , i recognise a major irony in my behaviour . it is a value of mine that one's personal beliefs should be put under ... i think the addition of wings and tritype greatly help combat the problem you've mentioned . in my opinion , every aspect of the enneagram , the holy-idea , the motivations , the passions , ego-fixation , ... i do wonder who or what exactly defines the purpose of the enneagram . i'll admit , it is structured in such a way that it is functionally built for self-discovery , but i don't think one is necessarily ... in terms of typing other people though , it is more reliable to look at behaviour , at least as a basis . i agree though that motivation is hugely important , but it takes a considerable degree of ... while your lack of capitalisation makes your points seem initially more suspect , i have to admit i'd agree with all your points above . only you can know your enneagram type sounds more like a ... oh dear , i completely missed that ! i'm aware it's some time after you commented , but i'll do my best to reply now :) intensity , in my mind , is a particular form of expression of the clash of the ... are any of you 458 ' s influenced by nietzsche at all ? personally i'm reading thus spoke zarathustra ( kaufmann ) at the moment and i'm finding it quite revolutionary . and another question : how do you ... i'm very wary about bandying about the idea of what is an illusion and what isn't . i mean , you could argue that everything is an illusion , that the only reliable axiom is i think , therefore i am , ... considering that humans are the only species we know of to display love in the very particular manner that we do , i would say that love exists because of the incredibly long period of time that a ... i shift towards abnormality and esoteric-ways because it is there for me that the interest of life lies . my tritype is 5w4 4w5 8w7 sx / so . i find it amusing that others care about or crave normality , ... perhaps for those more depressive moments of an sx 5w4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nShc6s6vrhU well , after having staked my claim and attempted to sound like an intellectual superior , i'll now ask a question of actual interest . what think ye 458 ' s of romantic relationships ? right , 5w4 4w5 8w7 here . in my opinion , a lot of people here have over-accentuated the darkness of this archetype . dark dark dark depressed nihilist . i'll admit that at times nihilism can overcome ... 124994 upside-down , tanfastic . ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 ( yay , not alone ! ) vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w6 sx w9 that's an interesting way to put it , toxic . i think everyone has the ability to be toxic , to be pure as well . it's just that infjs are so damned potent in who they are that if toxicity plays it's ... re-incarnation is a nice concept , and i can see why many people take to it . but there's not many things which in conceptual form i'm ready to believe . for instance , the idea that anything outside ... that was really interesting '