' no offense to any estjs that may read this , but the few that i've talked to are obnoxious , loud , lie about shit to try to look cool , and usually talk out of their asses about things they can't back ... surprisingly not too many as of late . i suppose that getting on my strike-out list would require being somewhat close to me to begin with though . people brave enough to endure that whole process ... lol what an interesting way to word the exact same process that i use as well . i would normally just say my version but it wouldn't sound nearly as cool as this . so i guess there's nothing more to ... i don't really like any subjects honestly , so i'll go with no . but it does hold my attention more than most subjects . the whole having to figure it out partially by yourself aspect keeps me ... me ? approach ? that's a good one lol . but if for some reason we happened to be talking , like if we're working on a project or you initiate the conversation , then just be yourself honestly . a lot of ... i honestly think it's pretty accurate , at least in my experience . i took a legitimate mtbi test at my college that i had to pay for , got intp . took 16 personalities test , got intp . took a bunch of ... hmm i find sorry a pretty awkward thing to say . it really depends on the situation , but if i really feel like i'm wrong then i will apologize . mostly i prefer to try to make it up through action ... it's difficult to say without knowing the situation , but i guess i can give a general answer for most scenarios . i think the most important thing is for him to know that you genuinely care . this can ... for me it's that the possibilities of what something could be tend to outweigh the concrete reality of what it really is . it could be something extremely obvious to most people , but i'll constantly ... i would gladly tell you if i knew lol . we just do things differently , and happen to like it that way 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg will this endless waiting ever be over ? it's all i think ... feels awkward in both scenarios . especially when people compliment how i look when i'm dressed up , since i mostly just wear shorts and a t-shirt . then i have to give them the standard thank you , you ... do not question these things , just appreciate it lol . or don't , whatever floats your boat lol you're asking this on an intp forum where the only gyms we're most likely to have gone to are the ones that are required to get to the elite four . most livestreams are pretty boring to me , but i don't mind watching esports very occasionally with friends if they want to . it's a bit more entertaining if you have people to discuss it with at that ... lol i don't know whether or not i should be offended that aloof was the best thing that the op could say about us . i hate how hard it is for infps to talk to you at first lol . i was talking to an infp a while ago , and when i first started talking to her it was just like me talking to myself the entire time . i ... i'm currently dealing with 2 sjs in my friend group at the moment as well . holy shit they are annoying as hell most of the time . they can't see anything beyond what's been put directly in front of ... the fact that you're overthinking it this hard makes you already not an entj . it's really not that complicated man lol well i'm no entp so i may not be that helpful , but i'm intp which is kinda close lol . i will start off with saying that i personally hate when people pry . if someone keeps asking me about something ... step 1 : receive assignment step 2 : wait until the day it's due to even look at it step 3 : research sources until lunch step 4 : write paper until it's due , usually midnight that night step 5 : pat ... types i like - intp entp istp infp enfp estp esfp hit or miss - entj isfj esfj types i dislike - estj istj ( seriously stay the hell away from me . way too close-minded and idiotic for my taste lol ) ... pretty hard to tell e vs i here , so i think intp or entp would be pretty strong candidates . lol you're both intp so whatever would work for you could likely work for her too . not gonna lie you sound kinda like a douchebag from the things you said . something about bad reputation and bragging ... ooh i was thinking about watching that show but never really decided to give it a shot . and puns are always fun lol . bonus points for making your friends cringe whenever you come up with a pun around ... oh so you do actually think ntps are retarded ? doesn't seem like your mood was very jocular then lol . so i guess we can add contradictory to the list of critiques about you . so far we have ... you think mood or tone is easily conveyed through text , instead of realizing that it can be interpreted differently depending on the person reading it . the only irony here is you proving how ... here's an example of what i said in my previous post . entj guy insinuating that all ntps are retarded . i can't respect the closed-minded nature of people like this lol . entj , women only though . this is based off of personal experience . entj women have that same quest for power , but they seem more open to being proven wrong . and if you can show them why your way is ... in no particular order : entj intp istp enfp then a toss up between intj or infj theoretically . never met anyone i could type as either of these , but i'd imagine there's potential there . wow what a simple yet amazing way to describe it lol . couldn't agree more i've only talked to 2 people that i know are intp , since i made them take the test lol . one of them i didn't like at first , but he turned out alright after our early misunderstanding was resolved ... 1 : do you consider yourself creative ? tell me about it . sure i do . most people tend to attach the meaning of creativity to some form of art , but i believe it just means being unique and approaching ... couldn't have said it better myself . especially the part about lying to preserve privacy . some things about myself just aren't meant to be shared with others lol . i'm pretty happy and goofy most of ... so i've been talking to an istp friend a lot recently , and she believes that the world is a place filled with nice , friendly people who genuinely care about each other . i on the other hand , have more ... how did i deal with being called weird growing up ? i'm grown up and still get called weird lol . and i reply with a very kind thank you very much because it is indeed a compliment :p roud : if this was something just personal then i'd legit just never talk to him again . but since it's business i would imagine that you have to rule out emotions and objectively seek a solution . this would ... i like to think of myself as someone that thinks intelligently but lacks any useful knowledge or expertise in anything . if someone gives me a problem , then i can think through it and come up with a ... i see where you're coming from with the feeling kinda handicapped sometimes in social situations lol . that being said , i don't care about that at all really . i don't have to give witty and funny ... lol we are not the most forward bunch of people . not gonna lie i kinda skimmed through it because too long , but i can still say that we probably overthink things just as much as you do , if not more ... i usually don't see too many hip hop listeners among intps . there's an artist i've been listening to for quite a while and i'm literally 99 % sure he is an intp himself lol . so if you're interested in ... in my house , on my computer . probably playing games , watching shows , and researching ways to get out of my house and off of my computer , but never liking any of the results enough to actually follow ... depends how comfortable i am around the person . if i barely know you then i won't swear at all other than a damn here and there , just because i'm unsure of your boundaries . the more comfortable i ... i actually don't use them super often , although i do like using them from time to time . i mostly just said that because you told me not to lol . but yea , sarcasm is huge for me . who doesn't like ... puns . what can i say ? i'm just a rebel you lazy ass intp bum . get off your damn computer and go experience the world , then you can actually have some useful knowledge you can apply to something other than theories . yea theories might be ... i personally think so . honestly i believe that all intuitive types can go well together . to me that's the most important part almost every time , which is kind of ironic because i'm currently ... personally i think wording is key . i find that wording something you want to say in a less conventional way , but fits more to your personality makes it easier to say . basically , try to find the least ... intp sherlock holmes ( sherlock ) elliot ( mr robot ) floki ( vikings ) i know there's a few more , but i can't recall them right now . honestly from the first post i'd say that he's just needing some time away to do other things . i experienced this in a relationship before and just had to drift away for a while . the biggest red flag ... '