' yeah , my first relationship was with an esfp / isfp and i got quite bored of her after 9 months , which is when it got broke off . my second relationship was with ( i think ) an infp , but i think my ... rebel child ? not really . i think the best way to sum up my childhood is with the fact i didn't stop playing with action figures until i was twelve . it's been four years , and i still haven't found a ... guiltless most of the time . guilt tripping only works on me if done by eithe rof my parents ( although i think most of the time , it's for the sake of keeping the peace , as opposed to a genuine ... r yes ! that's exactly it ! one more reason why we're amazing , i guess . : wink : so it may well be another perk of being an entp ? that's pretty cool . :p roud : kind of funny that people find us so trusting though , my friends who know about mbti consider us ( and other nts ) to be ... i have this ability to make pretty much anyone open up to me when in conversation with them , it's mostly subconscious ( i do occasionally do it deliberatly if i need to know things ) and tends to freak ... objection , your honour ! if one is developing ti , is it possible that they may temporarily inherit the ' rapid fire analysis ' behaviour pattern , leaving them susceptible to confusion between the two ... 1 - sometimes , was much more often when i was developing ne , ti has tones me down slightly . 2 - sometimes , i enjoy my own company and am very happy going out by myself , but it is fun to hang out ... thought so ! i agree , the analytical and introspective of nts means we're very likely to be interested . i also find i tend to doubt my type if i find the slightest piece of information that doesn't add up , but ... aside from all the generic entp stuff ( aside from maths , i'm decent at it but can't concentrate enough to excel , although my age may contribute to that a bit ) i'd say my talents lie in debating , ... you know you're an entp when you can apply boserup's theory to tetris . so going from the previously established point that most ( if not all ) of us tend to draw off the emotions of others a fair amount , do any of ever find yourselves empathising with fictional characters ... so i slept in a hotel last night and according to my parents , i got out of bed at 1am having an argument with thin air ( apparently saying ' fuck ' quite a lot ' , before i was told to go back to bed - ... thank christ , my over-complicating of simple matters was making me doubt my typing ! xd i'm entp 7w6 and i'm chaotic neutral ^ _ ^ i was never tested or anything for adhd , i was just called loud , talkative and very imaginitive quite a lot , as well as being hyperactive a lot . i was lucky that my parents / school encouraged ... some of the people whose ideas set off revolutions . you seem to be forgetting your friendly neighbourhood entpman . thank you ! i'll try and talk it out with her when i see her next . :p roud : the one that would probably kill somone out of sheer curiousity xd i tried posting this in the relationship section , but couldn't get anyone interested , so i'll try again here . xd i'm greyromantic , and there's this girl i've been semi-dating for a few weeks now ... can't help but feel your outlook and method for approaching and enticing romantic relationships might be slightly flawed , but whatever ... i prefer the framing hanley cover , the lyrics may still be dumb , but the they improved the hell outta the music ! well , i see ideas in everything everywhere . whether it's story ideas , ways to make things more efficient or just a witty one liner , there's always something floating around in my head . i also think ... the whole thing about entps being awful with emotions by default / being very unemotional is wrong . we do have emotions , we're just not very expressive ! : tongue : i'm also hearing more and more about us ... i myself am researching biological / chemical weaponization , reading deadpool , listening to the mars volta , debating religion , writing a historical creative writing piece and studying personality ... so yesterday evening , i had an ' it seemed like a good idea at the time ' moment ... basically , my drama group and i were having a performance that night , and whilst out with some friends ... in no particular order : donnie darko o , brother where art thou ? fight club trainspotting in bruges air america eh , if i warm up to someone enough i can get quite cuddly , but that doesn't happen very often . :p roud : edit : i'd also have to be in a very close relationship with said person . anyone got anything in relation to his mbti ? hopefully , you won't be surprised to know that you really covered your options there . i think the best way to go about this is to examine his cognitive functions and work out their order , that should ... is your friend very down to earth , fact driven and living in the moment , or away with the fairies , possibility driven and thinking about the future a lot ? sounds to me that you're describing one of us entps . don't worry , we're great . ^ . ^ yep , pretty much as soon as external stimulation is reduced it's bam ! daydream time . so yeah , we're not crazy ! ^ . ^ we do love a challenge ! : wink : from my own experiences - and the replies to this thread - i'm pretty sure it's a common thing for entps . i also tend to reflect upon past , present or potential future situations and play them out in ... very good point , and as proof that our topics of interest aren't always concrete , i enjoy studying philosophy ( with logic and objectivity , obviously ) and i have an infp buddy who loves the sciences . ... heh , that happens sometimes ... : unsure : to be fair , dogs are magnificent creatures ! :p roud : i got entp : e = 68 % n = 100 % t = 70 & P= 100 % . what do you mean there is no plan ! ? ding , ding , ding we have a winner ! my apologies if there's been a similar thread created previously , but i was curious as to whether there are any themes regarding entp morals and how we justify our actions . obviously , we won't all ... you do realise that there's a difference between arguing with people and making yourself look like a complete tit , right ? funny , most enfps i know understand that we are lacking in the department of agreeing with people , especially with incompetent people , such as yourself . good day . : wink : hello infj and welcome , however i believe you have us misconstrued . if you're looking for a site with discussions and debates , then i'm afraid you're out of luck - we're all really boring and hate ... rooting for some tmv fans here ! if there are , what're your favourite songs / albums by them ? :D mine are : songs - goliath - ilyena - soothsayer - vermicide - l'via l'viaquez - eriatarka yeah , i have the same . it's really interesting actually , although it can get quite annoying when most / all of your friends are over emotional . i myself enjoy multigenre music that manifests itself with lots of elements of rock , punk or metal , crossed with other genres such as jazz , electronica , country and salsa . also , for a band to be ... i drift a lot . i ' get on ' fairly okay with most people , but i usually get bored of them fairly quickly , or they find me very intense - usually both ! i used to never really have a specific group ... it wouldn't matter if we all sucked or if entjs were the shit and the rest of us were just shit , it doesn't make the differences any less interesting . :p '