i don't have a license so ... parents . oh and curiosity , that's the name of my chauffeur . personally , i want to roll like a ball . my role model , on the other hand , is ... ... ... ... i .. don't know . time to find a role model i suppose . i'll start with bio related fields : since you said you want to do something you feel will have a positive impact , i wouldn't recommend research ... or any other lab oriented jobs . it has a positive ... while i agree that medical school is like this , once you hit the actual being a doctor part , it's very different . if being a doctor were just about memorizing a lot of facts , it wouldn't be one of ... 5 on bc , 4 on english , 3 on bio ... i want to go into medicine ... dammit . where did the question mark originate ? that would defeat the purpose of the secret . you see , i had a very silly idea and this was born . perhaps you will enjoy it , perhaps not . be nice , please . i have feelings ... occasionally . writer's block ix92m supposed to write but try as i ... there is an intp initiation ceremony . i'd tell you what happens , but it's secret . we still treat it like sh * t . what , is housing all of humanity not enough of a job for the earth ? what about the rest of nature ? still not enough work ? we treat spheres worse than we treat condoms ! we leave sh * t lying around all ... that doesn't mean that spheres have to have a natural enemy . perhaps each individual sphere has different enemies ! why the sphereotyping ? not sure antartica would fit intps that well because we're not that cold , just good at hiding emotions . besides , research is results oriented and occurs over a long term ... i know for a fact that ... why can't spheres be a peaceful shape ? what did you think of my poem though ? i'll call it ... ations . but the same is true of intp males . does that mean that since neither can find each other , intps can not meet ( internet excluded ) ? i feel a bit of annoyance at obvious questions , but if the question is deep and pokes a hole into one of my theories , i'm usually happy that i can improve it . it can be a bit annoying . oh who am i kidding , it annoys the crap out of me to have it not be at 0 for everything . i always prefer quotes ; perhaps i'm narcissistic . when someone quotes me , it often means either they are using my quote as support for their argument or they are disagreeing with me . the first is ... capitalization we all live in a nation of many - ations . corporations , sensation , acclamation , and abbomination ; so why , oh why , must so many forget capitalization ? no seriously , there isn't ... antimatter spheres . well , i only read the first and last page ( so far ) of this discussion , so i'll answer the original question ( what's on my mind ) and then go to the heart-to-heart between intps and an esfj . i was ... a . read a book b . daydream c . put on sunglasses and sleep i think we can all agree that 3.141592 ... =P i > cake = a lie which means that 3.1415 ... > a lie , through which we can conclude that lies all have numerical values on a decimary ( i think that's what it's ... too much like me . blame the cat's killer . or perhaps , this thread is in fact an elaborate trap to eliminate a perceived threat and we're waiting for them to show their hand . nah , too lazy . i wonder how this would pan out with other mbti groups . listed in terms of importance : read ponder eat jump from page to page on wikipedia chess science ( whatever part of it i'm reading up on that week ) sleep think about easier ways to answer math ... i go to an all boys school and rarely leave my room , so i need a bit of clarification in regards to this thread . what is a girl ? it's not that we're hard to find , it's just that we keep to ourselves so much that you don't notice that we're intps . if you're looking for us , you won't find us , but if you just talk to people who ... i just put on jeans and a t shirt with a hoodie when i go out and shorts and a t shirt when i'm home . i don't understand why people dress fancy ; clothing is meant to cover the body and t shirts do ... once , as in for approximately one second . aka birth . if money weren't an object , i'd probably dedicate my life to anything that catches my interest . poker , psychology , chess , biology , chemistry , and math at the moment . would that be considered ... usually , i go to sleep at four am on monday morning and wake up at six for school , so i'm grumpy and blame the day for being after sunday . well , i didn't even notice . yeah , i'm an intp . i just chose the first question mark i could find . the question mark was supposed to represent my name ... because i'm unnamed . worst movie : eragon . the book was great , but the movie was disgusting . worst book : it's either twilight or allegiant . i didn't mind divergent and insurgent , though they could've been worst , but ... well , i'd try to converse with him on an academic front then . what subjects is he good at ? by that age , i basically ignored anyone older than fourteen unless they were willing to teach me something ... i think you're infp too . what does mine look like ? slasher films : i'd be cozy in my house reading a book . zombie films : i already go around walking slowly , with little focus i my eyes , and live off intellect . other horrors : horrors tend to take ... a large problem in getting an intx to open up , i say this from personal experiences where others tried to get me to open up , is that's it a bit like feeding a rabbit . you have to offer us a treat , an ... oh , you're loud are you ? that's just great . now shut up , i'm thinking . yes , thinking ... a cognitive function that you seem to lack . and honestly , what happened to creativity ? every time you say ... well , i'm new . shocker , right ? i'm sure this is where i'm supposed to talk about personal interests of mine like tennis , chess , and psychology , but i'd rather talk about pie . because really , who ... we were once normal .