' i hope you know that you are my best friend in the world , and that i have never met anyone so much like myself . but how things are now , i just know it can't last . i shouldn't have asked you about ... and ... double post ! yeah ! i agree with the aura thing . a friend of mine and i have nicknamed it the shining ( like in the book xd ) . its some sort of intuitive look into a person , if that makes any sense . like , i see the ... meh , i don't know what to say . it would seem this is a circular debate what i wonder , is why you are telling a group of people that don't respect your authority , that what they think is stupid and ... i suppose thats true , i have been repeating the same argument , more or less . but i think thats because i don't get it . what is the point of this post ? you're posts have been centered around your ... commenting on the inaccuracy of the remarks is one thing using their names , and then commenting on the person's character is attacking them but there is no point to making my own thread . i would ... freyaliesel i know its her thread , and she has the right to say whatever she wants . but i can't help but feel sympathy for the people who are getting attacked . its such an us vs . them topic , ... i understand the point of this thread is to expose the typists and make them defend themselves for what they have said . but ... what has that accomplished ? so far , it seems that instead of these ... i speak english , and this reminds me of a story . okay , so you know how when people want to make fun of how chinese is said , they go ching chang chong or if someone wants to make fun of arabic , ... who here has heard that song ? whats it called ... everyones a little bit racist ? i think thats it ... i think everyone is a little bit typist too don't you think ? i mean , i don't think its right ... i don't know if its an i thing , or an n thing , or an f thing of a p thing , or an infp thing , but i am a terrible initiator . i have an infp friend , and whenever we plan anything , we never could get ... oh , okay hehehehe ... ( what has two thumbs and is the worst teacher ever ? ... points to self ... this guy ) i move my arms up and down , and sway my hips back and forth , and bend my legs in and out , and ... i tend to dance in public a lot . if i am standing somewhere , and i notice someone staring at me , i will usually find something odd to do as a way to encourage them to stop staring at me . its rather ... i fear losing things , people , that sort of thing and then there is my fear of rejection , which seems to be a trend on this thread and then a fear of vomiting . i don't know why , but vomiting ... all the esfps i have met have been extremely opinionated , manipulative , and self centered . not to say all esfps are like that , because i doubt they are . i just havent met any thus far - ___ - as long as they treat me fine , then i wouldn't cut them off . as long as they are being good to me , i don't think its fair to judge them based on the choices they make that don't affect you . but i ... i have a ring a friend gave me in middle school , from a manga we both liked and a knife another friend gave me , as a christmas present my freshman year i have a heart shaped pendant , that i was ... she whispered sweet words in my ear as if they meant a thing before she drove the highway out to make love to another man a man who doesn't walk around with a wedding ring who compliments her ... ^ ^ ^ you totally have the right to your own opinion , and i'm not trying to challenge that in any way . i guess i just would like to say that nobody takes a ton of drugs or goes and joins a war for ... i personally don't like religion . but i can see its purpose . religion is a prescribed lifestyle that simply says hey ! you don't have to think for yourself , just follow what we say and you will be ... i have a problem with empathizing with everybody , regardless of who they are xd my friends hate it when i do it , especially when they are venting about something . so i usually keep it to myself . ... i live in the generation where since its politically incorrect to slam minorities and women , teenagers tend to slam men , whites , and gays . ( not saying anyone should be discriminated against . ... oh , i'm really eccentric . i say odd things , and i dance when i walk a little bit . and i laugh a lot at stupid things :P rommel sorry to call you out , but i started reading down the thread and suddenly i'm thinking heavens to murgatroyd ! another infp mormon ? i'm also an infp mormon , though i dislike organized ... i would agree with that . i honestly would think that there was something wrong with me ( though i still do sometimes ) but now , i feel like there are other people that are like me , somewhere out ... i should probably give more thanks xd but i feel bad when i thank one person , because most of the things said deserve my appreciation . i'm just way too lazy to hit thanks for everything i guess xd rip up all the city streets with jackhammers and sod them up at once ! the way i go about doing it is probably the worst way ever . it usually causes a lot more trouble than necessary ... but most underlying negative emotions ... they are like zits ( forgive the ... what i talk about really depends who i am with . i am usually silent , and let others talk about whatever they want to talk about . i enjoy talking about psychology , spirituality , philosophy , love , ... i dont know . its harder for me to love at first . there is so much fear about being vulnerable . you never know if something will turn ugly , and then someone will take all your insecurities and ... ^ ^ ^ i read this and all i could think was fight club no , but really , very insightful :P yay ! i'm not alone out there ! well , i mean , i don't know many lesbians to be honest . but i do hate the derision that a lot of girls have towards guys in my school . i get a bunch of girls saying ... i used to be very hating of the world and the vast majority of its inhabitants for their selfishness and lack of kindness . i wondered how anyone could be so cruel . but really , if the only people ... displace the wealth so it is more or less evenly distributed , then require education be based on teaching love for others , understanding for others , and bettering of the world . also , allowing ... last year , i went through this whole bout of the evils of video games and how they wasted time and money and yadda yadda preachy preach . i kind of hit the mid point . like , video games may be a ... my support group consists of one person . of course , its not really a group if its one other person . the problem is something always happens to the person , and then they are gone , and then i feel ... i'm sure somewhere out there , an infp and an istj are very happy together <3 but i would imagine that they are the rare exception . i have a friend who is an istj . we have been friends for ... i feel a bit embarrassed to be doing this to be honest . but okay ... so i have been playing league of legends for awhile . its a fun game , lots of replay value , and is absolutely free to play . it has ... i totally fall into that category , which leads to a lot of hazing from some of my close friends that insist that its all nonsense or whatever . i don't really have a certain answer why . but when i ... i don't like the idea of drugs that kill pain or get highs or anything like that . its not something i'm really interested in . however , i am very intrigued by acid and whatnot . its something that i ... ive found that i have a difficult time getting along with s types . no , other way around . they aren't very fond of me :P my personal dislike are immature xstx types . any mature type is fine . but ... the real world doesn't really have a niche for dreamy people-unless you get really lucky . i live in a town where everyone is very pragmatic and hardworking and logical . and i feel like there is ... how do you get over somebody ? sophies choice by william styron . its like two weeks overdue by now : tongue : i really judge selfish people . and judgmental people . which makes me kinda a hypcrite : tongue : 1 try , try , try-smashing pumpkins 2 ceremony - joy division / new order 3 broad majestic shannon - pogues 4 cemetry gates - smiths 5 go to the mirror - who 6 wish you were here - pink floyd 7 mayor of ... meh , i feel like that all the time . i feel like the entire world is obsessed with being right . and they know its not like i'm going to tell them otherwise , so they tend to go to me . just ... i think the strength lies not in our having fear , but in that we can admit we have fear and isn't acknowledging something the first step to solving it ? in the 5th grade my best friend called himself the moose master . and we thought it was the coolest thing ever . so when he moved , i wanted to do something kinda in memory of him i suppose . so i ... minecraft ! the absolutely most addicting game ever ! xd age of empires 2 the might and magic series whatever valve happens to release elder scrolls magic i play minecraft the most , but on ... '