' oh my gosh lysana , you and i are so much alike . i am quite confident in my infpness but i do have a well developed use of fe . it is almost like i am two different people . the social mask i wear is ... i was thinking enfp snail , you are absolutely right about this ... this is such an endemic problem ... blaming the victim for being weak instead of the abuser for being a dick . i mean i am thinking of all sorts of ... lol ! yesss ! ! ! that is exactly how it is :) though lately i've been feeling bad because it is somewhat deceitful to be a bunny with a killer streak ... you know ? so interesting lady starbird ! you and i seem to have a similar use of the functions , that is cool ! i have an fe mask as well , and would probably test as a 9 on the enneagram , though my true self is ... hmm ... part of me thinks , if he likes you , he should make the move ... i mean ... in heterosexual dating rituals ... that is the dance , i guess . the girl makes it obvious she won't say no .. and the dude ... as others have said , it is incredibly draining , although in a weird way i seem to be good at it . my father is an infp and he climbed the career ladder and wound up running the organization he worked ... exactly , you don't find that often ... go get him ! i am like one of those dimorphic crusading / hermit-ing infps . in my life i've had causes ... and i'm crazy crazy crazy when i'm on a mission . i can't believe the things i am able to accomplish , or how ... hello axolotlet 17 ! ! ! well , that depends ... if i like the person back , then no amount of positive signals will ever convince me ... until you know ... it becomes obvious , like with varying degrees of nakedness or ... awww ... this made me tear up a bit enfp <3 <3 <3 one of my favorite people in the whole world is an enfp ! ! you all have such amazing energy and ideas ... i will > > always < < support these :) errrmmm ... yeah . going the wrong way down one way streets is a favorite . one time , i was pulling out of the parking lot and there was ice on my windshield that i was too lazy to clean off .. it was ... i also get accused of using drugs , especially marijuana ( did i even spell it right ? ) . mainly because i'm so laid back and things don't ever bother me ... or sometimes when i make some random ... these are great suggestions ! thank you :) so , i'm quite solid in my infp identity , although i can at times appear quite social compared to other infps . i think this is because i'm a teacher and the job has helped me become more extroverted ... here he is :) can you feel his personality ? he is so incredible and smart ... and he knows it ! ! ! i call him crazy bird and his wife is crazy wife when i call them i call : crrraaazieees ! ! ! ... i also feed wild birds :) whoa ! these birds sort of picked me out though , well one bird in particular . he is a mockingbird . he was always really brave and kind of a show off , and i fell in love ... i have known 3 other infps in x93real lifex 94 besides myself and am curious about a pattern in these 3 people ( one male , two female ) that i will call x93anti - sexualx 94 . ix92m not talking about asexuality ... lol ! great question ... i drive a little like clark griswold ( haphazardly , distracted , but it seems to turn out ok in the end ): http://youtu.be/PhlR3vidvp0 oh my god ! i too am obsessed with jewelry making ! ! ! seeing that i don't really wear jewelry , the hobby still seems to demonstrate a lack of practicality on my end ... but damn it ... it is so ... in front of a gym full of middle schoolers , i put on a fake cape , grab the microphone get the wave started by running in front of the bleachers ... lol is it any wonder i spend my summers locked ... i only scored 62 % , but i accidentally left one question blank and i couldn't go back , but ... dude ... i totally thought i'd score higher ... lol ... maybe i'm growing ? ? ? * crosses fingers * ongoing : not losing my keys not losing my wallet not losing my cell phone : wink : this made me lol , damn that inability to remember mundane crap ... why the hell is it so important in the real world anyways ? ? tell her about your infpness ! hmmm ... i have known a few infps first infp , male : we talked about physics , had the class together second infp , female : talked about our childhood wounds third ... i have an ex infp female friend who does this . what makes it strange is that i am also an infp female and her behavior is perplexing to even me . we had an intense , stormy , codependent dysfunctional ... yes , i am also the therapist . my problem is that this has been the predominate way of relating to others , which is not healthy ! i hear what you are saying , perhaps it is just semantics , but i actually think we are saying the same thing ... you think ? :p roud : i read this sentence the other day , the woman stated in regards to her romantic relationships : i hope to be wanted instead of needed . this sentence struck a chord with me , a deep one . i ... i do not remember these imaginary friends , but apparently when i was a very small child ( like around age 3 ) i had a couple of great imaginary pals ... my mother tells me their names were sissy and ... thank you for such excellent advice ... priceless advice :) i am admiring your big brave testicles ... right now ... you are awesome . i'd love to find a man like my dad ... he was an infp / infj :) i instead seem to draw my mother to me ( she shows up to me in either gender ) . sigh ... mom was / still is a nut job . i turned out like my ... intjs are cool ! uh ... um ... off topic ... sorry i was a computer programmer during my first adult lifetime . worked for a few years at a tax software company until the corporate grind drove me out . there are not a lot of girls , true dat . ... i've certainly been there ... : unsure : i've certainly been there ... : unsure : it's a check mark ! it was a check mark , right ? people keep saying v shape , did i imagine the checkmark ? maybe there was a bird that i couldnt see that made it a void check mark ... do you know that ... extra extra like ... i wound up in a relationship with a narcissist ... it sucks the life force right out of you and you don't even know it ... there is a difference between self absorbed and ... i idealize losing ideals ... every hard point in my life taught me so much , some was bad baggage but most was a closer understanding of infinite truth . who i am , what the world is , how i fit . i ... i relate it to my adhd boy ! ! ! girl ! ! birl ! ! goy ! ! actually my sexuality is kind like the song boys & girls by blur http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Unal15XOGoU&feature=youtube_gdata_player ... yeah , my infp friend is a pretty amazing communicator . i will brag about her any day ! whoa ! i feel you ! i have infp female friend with huge fi , whereas for an infp i have quite a bit of fe , in addtion to my fi ... i'm weird . like you , i do not like to stay in the negative emotional ... well , there is a dating site based on personality type ... i actually met my last unhealthy relationship thing there ... but the site itself worked like a charm ! typetango myers briggs personality ... yes i do this too ... so i can relive the experience over and over again in my mind . i mirror people subconsciously all the time , sometimes i catch myself doing it and am like whoa ! but it isn't manipulative , im not even aware of it most of the time , it's because i am genuinely ... hey enfj ! have you read this book ? amazon.com : personality types : using the enneagram for self-discovery ebook : don richard riso , russ hudson : kindle store this book gives insight into ... you talk for 3 hours per day ? omg ... does he have a job or other social stimulation ? this would drive me nuts and i'm an infp ! are you sure he is an infp ? i mean even when i'm smitten i need to ... what light bulb ? go ! : cool : awh ... this is a repeat post ... sorry ... dunno how to delete ! helppp ! ! ! :) vegan restaurants ... animal rights organizations , volunteering at animal shelters etc ... a number of vegetarian / vegan people are infp . '