haha you're an isfp so tap into that tertiary ni and let it take you places . if all else fails you can binge-watch on netflix . if a criminal impulse strikes go for a show where you can live ... are you aragorn , son of arathorn ? idle hands are the devil's playground . just google boredom and criminals and look at the hits . lots of studies have shown that petty crimes , and sometimes even violent crimes , are committed by ... mbti statistics bear that out . the most common type for women is isfj and for men it is istj . istjs make up a large portion of it workers and isfjs are hardly represented . it's not that a majority of ... if you want to change that's one thing , but if not i wouldn't worry about it . people who get bored are often simpleminded and end up criminals . being able to entertain yourself is a sign of maturity , ... i like to fully formulate my ideas and thoughts before sharing them . i think ne doms , far more than ni doms , will think outloud . they'll let others share in the thought formation process . for me at ... i think we're going to have a personal fi reactions to traditions , if our fi is developed . so if we have positive memories or associations with a holiday or event , then we'll play along . and if we ... 576474 5764 82 576490 for me it's often about the song they choose . got is a classic . a couple others not yet mentioned . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT07eZoXPw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzlyGxDx8Ck there are some horrible employers out there who would take advantage if they could . i guess that's why the laws are in place . of course the most basic argument against something like this is you're ... http://www2.pictures.zimbio.com/mp/Vnz38q-X9_sl.jpg not too bad considering the lack of questions about intuition . hi deni . a lot of intjs are very artistic . it's one of the more common types among writers and not unheared of among musicians . jane austen is believed to have been an intj . the same is true for ... it would depend on your lifestyle and what you're looking for . if you're more of a typical libertarian intj i would think the netherlands or switzerland . switzerland isn't in the eu , but i believe ... i concur with the lack of motivation theory . while not as stereotypical as the lazy intp , an unmotivated intj can appear lazy . we have two extrovered functions , se and te . se is not going to be well ... hi pear . enneagram 6 is one of the most common enneagram types and can be paired with a number of mbti types , so i can understand your frustration . the 6w5 is going to make for a more knowledgeable ... i usually hear them called barb for short . i just finished watching the show . i had missed the last two seasons the first time around , so i rewatched the series . first , i want to state that fictional characters don't really have types , ... i can often predict someone's reaction before a situation happens , which allows me to plan how i'll approach them . for instance , about a week ago i basically intuited a conversation i knew was ... welcome abdul . i had to smile at an infj working in healthcare improvement . it seems like a perfect job for your type . enjoy your stay . nice to make your acquaintance . i can see the model of a personality type with the tritypes , whereas just saying someone is an enneagram 6 leaves a lot of room for variance . 6s especially , but other ... hello personality cafe , i'm a female intj college student from the us of a , but might sometimes come off older than my years , even if i don't look it . it's the price you pay for having your head ...