' even if religion isn't evil it perpetuates narrow minded social ideals where the undesirable of society are shunned and denied the equal rights of the desired people . people are constantly degraded ... this personality dynamic you have in your relationship is that same one i experience except i am the female istj and my partner is a male intp . he is always on the go and doing something adventurous ... dating a genuis ( his iq is 155 or 160 ) for the past 5 years has made me realize that i am wrong ... about many things . mostly factual or knowledge based things because i have strong opinions and will ... i definitely let sh * t drop all the time ... and f * ck when i am really angry which is not often this is pretty much one of my top fantasies . it would be incredible to meet someone who was remarkably similar to myself . i envision we would get along swimmingly . especially because this person ... yeah , i have several issues with osama bin laden's assassination . like the fact that he was executed without arrest or trial . that there is not evidence , photographic or otherwise , that he is really ... haven't tried yet but i plan to this summer . i want to do it because it sounds intriguing and its legal . from what i understand it makes guiness taste like a chocolate milkshake ... i'm in ! i have taken a personality disorder quiz before and the only thing i scored high on was schizoid . from the descriptions i've read , i don't really consider it a problem . i like to be by myself and i ... i don't really have trouble fantasizing but it is usually about a goal of mine that i would like to accomplish in the future i don't usually fanatisze about thing that aren't real or have no ... 1 . i have one large cup of espresso in the morning 2 . starbucks 3 . frappicinos and lattes 4 . oh yeah , i have an espresso machine 5 . no---hadn't even heard of it before 6 . i could live without ... i totally love this comedy bit from forever ago ! johnny carson = awesome show ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-bcwujO1_M i rarely ever whine ... or show any kind of self doubt . i see whining as a sign of weakness ... part of the reason i don't like overly sensitive guys . i a pretty freakin tough ... lots of negative stuff ... i cross my arms all the time ... sometimes walking , when i'm sitting in class , talking to people ... unless i'm trying to explain something ... then i use a lot of hand gestures wild violets ... they are just starting to come out ! being alive is pretty sweet ... definitely beats the alternative that south parks 15th season starts next week that i finally finished my ... i'm going home for the summer after this school year ends . being in a different state from my mother is not fun cause we are super close ! even though i don't love my hometown , but thats where my ... i hangout with far more guys but my close friends are female , but i would say i only have 6 close friends , 3 from high school 3 from college . this is opposed to my much wider circle of less close ... graduate student in master's program / teaching associate ... bosses are talking about giving me my own class next school year :) when you find communication with others unfulfilling , even though they find communicating with you to be quite fulfilling when you have more respect for your pets than you do for many people ... i don't know what about the show makes you think he is gay . lots of guys are awkward with girls . and i agree with previous posts that he is smokin ' hot ! and jason bourne kills with guns and runs ... cooperation from the american students in helping the foreign students with their grammar and english has been encouraged in every university i have had experience with . but you should ask the ... realism seems to be the trend here and i would ascribe to that personally . but like everybody my mood fluctuates , some days really happy , others not so much . one thing a have a lot of trouble with is ... when i originally took it i was a primary 1w2 but i just retook it and it told me i was a primary 6w5 with a secondary 1w2 sooo i dunno ! when something ironic , idiotic , moronic etc happens to one of my guy friends we say sorry ' bout cha . when we talk about tripped out or drink people doing something stupid we say that almost never ... considering i'm still a broke college student , i am quite frugal . the only superfluous expense i have is going out to eat cause i love a good , tasty meal ! :) the only confirmed nt i know is my boyfriend ... so as you might guess we get along quite well . i do have to say the most irritating thing is his inability to make and stick to plans . he lives day to ... i am probably the odd ball in that school just seems to be my thing . i did well in grade school , high school , college , and am currently doing well in graduate school . its not that i just sit down and ... i think a big thing for istjs is common sense , which is lacking in many people . it is quite obvious to an istj that a woman shouldn't show up dressed like a stripper to her office job or that work ... i like this post ... it seems many people are taking a slight offense to it . but i find it interesting to have another personality type so interested in our thread and so keenly observant of some of ... i have had black eyed peas karma in my head today ( song made b4 fergie ... shes lame ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhQSMWiwAeA i find myself constantly surprised at the prevalence of religion in my young peers . i am not religious nor am i an atheist . i find for either side to assert that there definitely is or isn't a god is ... i was trying to find a previous istj post in all this but have lost patience now . the closest i came was a couple istp posts so maybe i will be the first ? i have to say back in the day when i used ... i would think drug use probably has a higher correlation with intelligence than personality types , though i could see certain types being more prone to experimentation . however , if you just knew i ... i think this question relates back to the difference between intro and extro-verts . i think extroverts look for validation , self worth , and enjoyment from interaction with others whereas introverts ... yeah , i've had to calm some emotionally unstable female extroverts at parties before and its a total drag . it seems that someone looking at them the wrong way can induce a fight or cause them to ... when you play the game spot the anomalous at the park with your significant other i noticed someone suggested this thread in another area so i thought we could all discuss how awesome the show is and our interpretation of dexter . my boyfriend disagrees with the character being an ... yeah , i much prefer to analyze other peoples actions and possible motivations than my own . of course there are times when i think deeply about myself . i have often wished that i could be naturally ... dead give away for me is becoming quieter and more fidgety around the person . i also like to laugh at the person's jokes , smile a lot and make lots of eye contact . i don't personally have this particular problem . my iq has been tested and is above normal but not quite genius level . my mood also tends to be relatively stable and happy :) its not rocket science to be spontaneous in a way that most girls like . surprise us with flowers , a nice dinner , a weekend a bed and breakfast , or even do mundane things like the dishes or cleaning ... i definitely do not want to stay home with my future kids full time . i am highly driven to succeed and i think it is important for me to do so for my own happiness . besides , in today's economic ... pedantic ... awesomely pertinent word choice ! ! ! i thought my intp boyfriend was the only one who used that word ! ! not usually ... its hard for me to think of new things to try and stuff like that . but i really enjoy hanging out with myself . i , myself , find myself quite humorous . i don't know if others find me ... i do have to admit that most of the friendships i have now happened by accident or someone pursued me to the point that the relationship developed ... that probably how is goes for a lot of introverts he's and intp so we're pretty different in our approach to ... well everything ! i have been with my boyfriend for over five years and i can say that the single most important thing that has been instrumental in keeping us together is work . relationships , of any kind , are a lot ... what do i look for in music ? ? two words ... warren haynes ! ! gov't mule is my favorite band of all time and warren's guitar playing is godly . otherwise i look for mastery , lyrical or instrumental . you ... i have to say i quite agree with this . my boyfriend and several of his friends from high school are geniuses . not kidding ... iqs tested and off the charts . my boyfriend got a 32 on the act without ... i have friends whom i stay in contact with but none of them live close enough that i see them everyday . i don't know what their personality types are but i know 3 are introverts , 2 are extroverts , ... to my knowledge , i have never met an infp but my boyfriend is an intp . we get along great and have been dating for over 5 years . we do clash when his head is in the clouds so high that he can't see ... '