' interpersonal thinker apparently ... okay that music video is totally random compared to the lyrics lol * first time i've actually seen the vid * hahaha hehe http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cumTHJHoHIM not alone .. http://cdn.head-fi.org/7/76/76d31508_c851d40e_Derail_1.jpeg : laughing : would not posting a contribution into this thread increase my expectations of this thread ? i already had high expectations for this thread ... :P you can read all you like you can do all the dating courses you like too many fn variable to get close to a perfect formula sure you can zoology the shit out of some of the grunt work but if it's ... arriving at work and thinking to myself , ` wow that was dangerous surely .. i have nfi how i managed to get here ' * waves * sydney nsw here for me :) well for starters , don't play a victim . you fall into that trap and you're fucked . it's very hard to get motivated when you've little to get motivated about , so give yourself some space to accept ... * hugs * when it comes to being there for those down and out and they end up ` in love ' with you .. it's natural for people who are feeling lost , lonely etc to become very smitten by someone who is taking the ... i started zoology and then moved to film school , did online editing then switched to 3d animation for the last 12 years but i'm well over freelancing atm and thinking it's time for a change , just ... i am right you are wrong : from this to the new renaissance : from rock logic to water logic : edward de bono , ivar giaever , brian josephson , sheldon lee glashow : 9780140126 785 : amazon.com : books i only have one thing to say to this ... nsfw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTIorwtJbhE ... doesn't support the death penalty ? ... i wonder fucking why ... i attended a private boarding school where they draw a big fucking line in the sand and said ` cross it you get caned ' capital punishment is like that imo . you do this .. you die . now the problem ... now .. i think i played perfectly just the right balance of everything . i was gonna right a list but i think its better maybe not to share how to play you infjs here's the deal don't try just be ... i haven't had time to reply ... soz basically aspirations are good , but they're bad when you forego your basic values to get them . if you want to be a millionaire great , but don't suddenly forgo all ... unhealthy if it is attaches to things and their sense of self worth is attached to the wrong kinds of aspirations healthy to want to get fit ... change a diet ... learn to ope with stress better be ... i'm glad you showed yours first .. there is no way i'd show you mine if you hadn't shown me yours :P pretty sure this one has saved me from myself a few times over :P wish you were here ( pink ... i agree with sedem it's all a matter of what your own capacity is . you know your limits . never pass over what you need . if he was being emotionally black mailed by a previous ex to get in a ... tell him to read ` 10 stupid things men do to mess up their lives ' and make sure you're the right kind of woman to date :) * wink * imo bad ex relationships for me = extremely guarded for a long ... * hugs * i love doing it for personal reasons . also helps to just put pen to paper to work through personal issues etc + 1 so your mum is under 5 foot yeah ? :P for me it's inconsistencies in behavior , say one thing do another ... like taking forever to get back to an sms question or email , but check your phone when ... infj - unhealthy traits selfish ? never ? ? hehe * oh f me i started writing this thinking it was going to be clear cut but i can see this from at least 3 different perspectives and each have different responses ... gahhh * true friends : for me ... weirded the f out for 2weeks ... lol wtg jungledisco you could have at least freaking spoiler alerted that for spiderman ! :P safe ! ! for the love of .. make her feel safe . be open with each other non judfing and have a freaking sense of humor :) it is supposed to be fun after all dumbfounded inquisitive take your pick :p somethings i've fucking terrible with ! ! ! others not so much ... but generally yes ... 75700 def having some outlet in life that is a form of expression is a freaking must . writing , music , art , exercise event ... if your parents are toxic judgers you may have to chill a bit with your art ... does masturbation count as a super power ? characters characters characters for me it is essential that the people in the book are interesting and written well , i am not interested in a diatribe of description about some robot in the corner ... oops double post , stupid mobile :) thanks again .. i recently gave up nicotine over a month ago .. i had a coffee yesterday and one today and i freak out ... i think there is a strong relationship . ... thanks so much for the advice will be copy ... 3d animation film / tv fuuuccckkk seriously anxiety sucks shit i've never had it before , but after all the crap i've been through and the uncertainty in my ` relationship ' ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDVW81bXo0s&list=PLNbZwlogRI0v9v5b4CDimrf6LNm-mf5rv http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7ar0wdK4vc&list=PLNbZwlogRI0v9v5b4CDimrf6LNm-mf5rv too much social anxiety on the social anxiety forum ? never ... schadenfreude - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia very dry very sarcastic at times sometimes just plain gutter humour cheeky though pretty much 90 % of the time to those i enjoy the company of and yep prone to just finding myself laughing out ... this is how i like it . i'm not a painting on a wall for you to just randomly dump your opinion of on . there are plenty of positive , open , direct and to the point ways of doing things and especially ... regina spektor apres moi live oh erm trust issues ... why does she find it hard to trust u ? atheist with a massive amount of respect / curiosity for the unknown ... disappointing people who count on me ... entirely dependable , trustworthy etc as a result regret .. try to think ahead on everything .. everrryyyttthinnnggg ... and if i think that i will regret not ... '