' tfw you can't buy a bf or gf . : c is it bad to love material objects more than people ? wait ... people are material objects too , with a fully working biological system . eh ... i still like my computer more than my mother . heck , my ... i'm an internet virgin , if i post my photo here , i'm afraid all of you people are gonna make fun of me ! but no , seriously ... i don't even use facebook , so why would i upload my face here for you ... i was gonna say what strelok said , but not that excessively . well i had an unfortunate late fee on my rent today , so no black friday shopping . it's all because the online payments system thing wasn't working right before . and i do recommend doing bf ... i do love my foods , as the poll says . or i guess the pool , since everyone's invited--nevermind . so are any of you on a diet ? i am gf ( gluten-free ) though it's not very strict , since i'm not celiac ... well i'm confused why you said ni when your profile says entp . we don't use ni . ni se is for suckas . ne si is pro bono . here i am still waiting for qled to come out . https://youtu.be/VjznErmcLnU the more fun i'm having to play around with things , the less realistic i become . i almost wish i could take things as seriously as a j type , but nooo . nice 4chan style trolling bro , 10/10 . see , i know . i know all of you intj losers belong on a place like 4chan . just admit it . : 3 probably not . you don't need an iq test to really get into a good college , just an sat test . you also don't need an iq test to get a job , and you don't need it to get a girlfriend / boyfriend , or to ... well , not only did you misspell rambling , but you have an underscore in your username .. i mean ... wtf man ? use spaces . oy hi , welcome . i'm that asshole intp that nobody seems to like . ;) hey ! i'm intp , i think . i don't wanna be one of those guys , but your type could also be very close to istp . i definitely know you are a ti dom at least , that's the most obvious . i've been confused ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bT7q0SGsAcs i dunno if i can cringe , or smile , or both . i'm listening to my fan blowing next to me , and also youtube . i don't like silence , it makes my ears ring . honestly , i like carob better than chocolate . bob's red mill has really cheap bag of carob powder for about 3 dollars that you can use with nut butter or whatever you'd use regular cocoa powder for ... the type of people that would do this shit : entps . meaning leaving the text at the end , but also even using an ipod touch to browse the web . just why . i'm just sayin ' they should really make adjusting the temperature in the shower digital and not an analog thing , same for sinks . do expensive b & b products have these things ? yeah , this is pretty much what i do . and i also browse on intp forum . unless the topic is about a particular subject that i can talk about , such as foss / linux , i wouldn't really say much of anything ... honestly , they may be wrong in assuming you are an infp . i don't seem to like your personality type at all . your posts rub me the wrong way when i read them , and that's typically what a lot of isfps ... lots of people are ambiverts , too ! it is a thing . i guess for some people it comes down to what label you are most comfortable calling yourself . are you most comfortable calling yourself an enfj , an ... that feel when you have to fiddle with the temperature when you first shower . lonewaer : i figured , but it's something i would never want to do , since i'm not used to it . hard to tell sometimes , but the real distinction is indeed both the p and j dichotomy , and the fact that istps are heavier se users . you might find that a lot of intjs don't really participate in as ... what a strange thread ... but okay . porta-potties ( or the canadian term / version is honey buckets ) suck , because people can't wipe or wash their hands if they gotta # 2 . they always seem to stink , ... you know you're an intp when you can't get to bed when you want to . sometimes it's just funny faces . http://viral-hippo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/wind-blast-11.jpg sink wash ? how does that even work ? i guess if you're desperate , become a member of a gay bathhouse and start taking showers there . problem solved . the way i've seen it is : intps are critical and intjs are cynical , though a lot of them share the same traits , or maybe none at all . depends on the individual . the s in estj mostly stands for stubborn . lul . well , okay . they are more down to earth , but not in the way you're probably thinking . remember that si and sj users are more traditional . they are ... that's right ... take a look at attitude ( psychology ) on wikipedia . and i'm not exactly sure if it's actually possible to change anyone's personality . maybe the ways of thinking can be ... it's okay to laugh in most situations , but i don't like seeing other people fail , either . well , first of all , using fi instead of fe would help greatly . i'm serious . having this emotional feeling of awesome every day instead of relying on others to make you feel good ( or down ) about ... what the hell are you talking about ? i dunno . ask your mother . |: ) edit : actually , seriously , xkcd's what if segment should be able to answer this for you . what is going on here ? i hear farting and animal noises . actually , i think and intp can get along well enough with me as long as they can pay attention more often and don't get lost into their overly detailed conversations . a healthy intp is definately ... how would a rock climbing activity make some one badass ? i must now observe how bad your ass is at this point . so i guess i've concluded that the answer to destroying an intj is by feeding them bullshit every day , all the time , not stimulating their ni / te . just feed them religion and stuff that they think ... heheheh . hey , guys ... i like to suck dick .  ... is that a sausage ? well i'm glad to see that many entjs will take a break now and then from their obsessive , serious activites . but wait ... then they start becoming obsessive and serious about winning at video ... i had to quickly look up , again , what altruism is for the purpose of responding to this thread . so is the op saying that giving away things are evil ? if we don't give away what we have and ... okay , bye . i'm leaving forever . continue to stay depressed or whatever ... oh , uh ... intjs are actually fuckable . call me insane if you want . i much more prefer ni over si forever . i don't like shitheads ... i hate playing games like sokoban , sudoku and go on harder difficulty , or others that i haven't studied extensively , but are required to play well enough , like chess . this hatred may go away over ... it's okay guys . he's probably twelve . i suppose so . not an internet virgin , surely ... i think anyone can be relaxed when they can truly be themselves in a suitable environment . ... at the very last minute . '