' realisation . because shorts with a liner is too difficult for you to put on ? why would you assume it does ? try pants without zippers ? some of the questions are unanswerable 1 for example , others make assumptions 10 springs to the fore . also i'm not sure what the phrase question the cancer is meant to convey . nothing as freeing as commando or terrifying dependant on your religious denomination . sounds like either you want to build a box , then jump inside .. or never ever look at the box again . tell him that . 89950 do you want soup ? yes , chicken chicken noodle ? noodle yes . super noodle ? if i'm with people i trust , or believe i can trust , i am a rather talkative and gregarious type ( i think ) ( or if i believe they are of similar outlook ) small groups i trust , get one-liners , bad ... come the revolution , come the hour . still midnight .. isn't it ? ;) goals more reading more bike more happiness 89945 the way my outer casing malfunctions . what part of hypothetical do you have a problem with ? web pages whose adverts load first .. i know that's all of them pretty much , but fucking fuckity fuck ! 89876 i have no fear of death , i welcome it . but the chance to play with civilisations over eons is interesting . the inherent weaknesses and limitations of the human body result in a distinct lack ... jack harkness immortality , yes . can be killed , but comes back to life . there simply is not enough time in my life to do all the things i want to do .. so a few hundred years would be good for ... 89849 childish really . can't get it out of my head that this is frankie howard in cat form . is therefore quite funny . 1 you appear to have some misguided belief about logic versus real logic ? ? also , is different then what others ... is really distracting , at the very least , the word you need is than . 2 . women ... with time comes a broadening of attitude . it is alright to grow . some don't want to grow , some aren't ready to grow and so enforce their perceptions of what should be . some believe themselves to ... 88419 if ever in doubt , i ask yoda . do or do not , there is no try . explains why i missed it . yeah , i've done the helping people put up their tent thing followed by get the hell out of the camp site before they decide to take it down again ninja move ... some of them i think might still be ... some people are worth the effort , most are not . start a thread you do want to read then . simple . i walk naturally fast as well . saying hurry fit better in the sentence i thought . i must be hurrying somewhere :) ive had to slow down though , i'll faint if i walk too far too fast , old head ... wouldnt say it was odd . after prolonged exposure to unthinking zombies , locking the door behind me gets rid of tension . thats not to say i don't crave the company of particular people at times ... my conclusion is that people are afraid of new information , they do their best to break up its path towards them . i believe everyone does this to a greater or lesser degree . the google doodle today . not so much laugh , but its lots of fun . bob moog would have been 78 . of course you did :) no damage to the bike then . can't stand this really . i can take being interrupted the first time or to clarify something , maybe a second but watch out . the third time i'm interrupted you have lost me . if however its ... i don't suffer from that much any more .. i think a maximum of 3 visitors so far this year . cycle camping .. i always have space , even when i ' ve had none leaving the house :) i swapped my ... this is part of why the world hates america ... it's got electrolytes . yes yes yes you are fine ... now what about the bike ! ? paaackiiinnnggg / zombie all my traveling stuff is weighed to the gram . my camping gear weight reduced by 7kg this year . i only joined the band so i could pack away the gear at the end of ... sometimes when i'm in a hurry walking towards automatic doors that are closed , i say hurriedly open , open ... open ! i'm walking so fast they aren't going to open in time , then i have to stop short ... ive never seen the film either . that clip looked to me like they were really bad actors . possibly it's not edited together well . i watch romantic scenes and consider how if it has been ... didnt you get the memo ? size isn't everything . i'm torn here . i try to compartmentalise what i can , it creeps me the hell out when there is unexpected crossover . if i trust someone enough to share stuff , there has to be a reason , but i'm ... according to other people i should be excited about plans i've made . interesting was what i was going for , fascinating would be better . i get excited about spending time alone , not that it would ... so then the captor comes in and asks who is sacrificing themselves , everyone points . then the captor asks who will pull the trigger ? apparently i'm supposed to be excited . it's how you should feel what , am i broken then ? why didn't i get a manual ... i coulda crammed for these tests . how are you getting rid of it ? i didn't think this was possible . now reading the whole linked text . thinking turns me on . you been at the red meat again haven't you ... silurians anyone ? i just don't get it . kids doing it is annoying after a while , but they are kids ... adults however .. - . - '