' i like yours . a lot . she is pretty , isn't she ? also , to all my fellow buffy fanatics out there ... did anybody else get the willow vibe ? i would like to make a titanic reference here , but it would seem self depreciating . true though , many a time . yeah , as an infj i've got a super highly developed fi , which is right on par with my ni dom . and i believe so . its not like when you hit 25 , the level cap goes up and you can suddenly work on your ... i give it a day before i did something out of pure boredom . haha yeah , maybe i'm being unfair . although , i tend to find that enfps will push some things a little far . this being said , my most stable friendships tend to be with esfps and enfps . you sound ... baha . thats the thing about enfps . i like them as long as i have the option to put some distance between me and them as quickly as i can . but in reality , i think its that whole ... the stronger the ... this . right here . qed . sorry enfp , i love you most of the time . except for those times that i don't . a lot of the time . : happy : i get angry . i stew . i boil . i cool off , get my head back on straight , and fix whatever i happened to mess up . sometimes when i'm angry , its for a reason . sometimes its because i perceive ... enfp . honestly , i would blow my brains out . or theirs . or both , what with that explosive . it would just feel so ... worth it . edit : being stuck with another infj would also end in a quick , fiery ... haha its all in the functions . a lot of the ni is all in the head - it doesn't much lend itself to words very often , so many times when we talk , its tough to follow . awkward as hell for me . but , ... five page zombie plan . and on not one of those pages does it say ' make friends with walking corpse ' . there's a lot of chopping and shooting and yelling of good one-liners though . we nf's , ... hey , lifes a jungle , and you can be jane goodall ^ _ ^ ix92ll admit , sometimes i can really read people fairly well . i really hate saying it though , because ix92m sure there are myriad details that go ... i can see you doing some sort of case study following a few infjs or something . or a nature video . i am going to approach him now , and i will make an offering of a borders gift card . if i'm ... i love speaking to people , usually . i don't shun contact or anything xd it's just that sometimes , its very cathartic to be alone . we aren't all extroverts . ^ _ ^ hey hey kinipela ! welcome to personality cafe ! from what i understand , the personality types are usually balanced - i don't believe theres a lot of sway from gender , but i could be wrong . start a ... this happens to me quite a lot actually , for various reasons . anger , introversion , social exhaustion - i end up getting snappy and mean with some people around me when they get within my ( rapidly ... thank you so much ! wednesday mornings it gets updated ^ _ ^ i actually write quite a bit . when i was younger , i did a lot more poetry . now i focus on stories and such - fantasy , and stuff like that . i actually have an ongoing story that i post weekly online ... welcome welcome ! ! i have an enfp friend that adores intjs . x . x they'll be the deaths of each other , were it to happen . god i'm glad i'm not the only one who small-talks psych . this is pretty much exact . thats pretty much the totem difference between e and i too . although , many times when the ne is generating ideas , the ni will be the stick in the mud and naysay many of the ... see , i'm a male infj , and i always hear about how infj's are tough to find and stuff , and i'm not always sure i agree with that . this is the part where i start speaking for myself . personally , ... bravo to you , man ! hmm ... well , i'm always up for an experiment . and the new semester starts soon ; should be interesting ? lets hope haha . actually , interpersonal stuff and communication i am pretty good with . i worked at a goodberrys ice cream place for two years , now i work at a computer repair shop on the phones and speaking with ... that's another one of those ' looks good on paper ' types of things . but in practice , its a wash usually . the prospect itself is terrifying . plus , i'm not exactly ... prime real estate . i try to be ... yeah i can definitely understand that , and flirting is fun . but then there's problem number two . i have no idea how to flirt , even worry free - i'm about as smooth as lumpy sandpaper , and my composure ... hey , its what the forums are for - agree , reinforce , say whatever you want ! most everybody around actually wants to hear what you have to say , so always feel free to say it ^ _ ^ gah i'm this exactly . i start out , its fun , then bam . second thoughts , worries , am i going to tolerate this person , how am i reacting with these people and will that change , blahblahblahblah i suck ... very nice ! welcome ^ _ ^ very nice ^ _ ^ welcome ! what country did you move from / to ? this honestly used to be a source of great distress to me though - even now , when i'm in a much better state , it does cause some annoyance . i'm not the type to judge my worth based solely on my ... can never have too many infps ^ _ ^ that would be ... quite an experience . i'll do it for science . gah , i'm still single because ... hell i don't even know . my inability to function around those i take interest in is part one - i can't approach these people . i'm bad with new people . then , i'm wayy ... i love taking pictures when i can . but i don't really know how very well - i'm awful at composing a good shot , lighting , etc . its sad , because i'd love to be able to whip out a camera and take ... * wince * doh ! see , i saw that going into typing that out , but there just wasn't a connection between what i was writing and that . i apologize ; . ; you've more than got this . that decision is one of the most empowering thing you can do , and it shows true resolve and strength of character . roll on , good sir . and my good wishes go with you . it was much better to the years immediately previous . i came a long way in that time , and 2010 saw the healing and growth of a great deal of my personality . hoping for an even better ' 11 ! wooo zomboy ! its the difference in extroversion - one focuses the energy outwards , one is more sublime about it . both work ^ _ ^ my esfp friend , everybody loves him . don't tell him though , i don't think i could ... welcome welcome ! and i do hope you learn a lot about your type - it really is fascinating stuff . i'm an introvert . ' nuff said . its probably just the some of the enfp's i've me then ^ _ ^ and not all of them . several are ... behh . also , the esfp can be . man , we infj's just don't come off as the the sweet type , do we . my poor little world view ... that being said , i wouldn't vote for us either xd honestly i have no clue what type is the sweetest ... true , at times . i don't think i've had a christmas ( or any holiday , except a thanksgiving one year ) as anything other than single . i like to tell myself its not that bad xd while i don't like the way this test asks some of its questions , i do very much like its expansive response - and for the most part , it was spot on . i would like to see this redone with a more ... '