' i self diagnosed myself with add via the internet about 2 years ago . still have yet to see a doctor , mainly because i don't want to call and say i have add and need drugs , give me them . i'm at work , i should be working . i had my ears pierced , and stretched them a bit to a 6 , which isn't very big . i sorta just took them out one day and never put em back in , so they shrunk back down to 18 , which is basic earring size ... i really like angry customers , at least at the hotel i work at . my boss has a very low tolerance for angry customers , unless the anger is warranted of course . so if someone is an asshole , he doesn't ... i post about half as much as i want to here . sometimes i type out a reply , decide it's wrong , and leave the thread . or i'll just say something about myself and leave because i feel i can't give good ... http://www.aintitcool.com/images2006/RatatouillePoster2.jpg dude the scott pilgrim game music was amazing , these guys did a great job . 1 . not the confession thread . 2 . i actually have a quote for this too . but my dear man , reality is only a rorschach ink-blot , you know . - alan watts characters if you gaze long into an abyss , the abyss will gaze back into you . http://www.movieposter.com/posters/archive/main/79/MPW-39897 right now its really hard to find a job in my town . i got lucky and a friend of mine worked at a hotel so i got hired there and i still work there . my advice is apply everywhere , don't lie on the ... http://www.collider.com/uploads/imageGallery/Into_the_Wild/into_the_wild_movie_poster_l.jpg it seems all too often i don't know what to say , so i say nothing at all . every last one . i'm working on it : tongue : hah everyone is on the same page : happy : . i got over my anti-mainstream ways , now i just listen to what sounds good . i also learned to stop showing people my music because nobody really listens to it ... glance into the world just as though time were gone : and everything crooked will become straight to you . i confess that this is not the confession thread , and i seem to be lost . hoodie and headphones , i'm unapproachable : crazy : glance into the world just as though time were gone : and everything crooked will become straight to you . - friedrich nietzsche 7 hours is usually when i wake up . i used to just stay in bed and go back to sleep but i've learned that i feel much better if i just get up when i first wake up . i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... i ... megaman concept ? hmm , i like that : laughing : 19 wish i was where i was when i was wishing i was here . saw that tagged on a wall and it's stuck with me since . i like to beatbox to songs every now and then . i never really thought to refine the skill or anything , maybe i will . he did a bunch of great stuff with nujabes . it's time to slow down with my pot smoking . sun up to sun down eyes red and run down , this is getting old . i respect religion , but don't personally follow one . at some point i am going to read up on various religions and take some from each to create my own belief system . i'm somewhat biased against ... in high school i would sometimes write papers the class before they were due . i always wait till the last minute with just about everything . the only advice i have for you is get to work ! : tongue : i got infp : crazy : you scored 25 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 0 j versus p ! the death note theme guys ! sweet ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBrzEVJwYFg pm me if interested : happy : 5w4 , i haven't looked into it much though . i couldn't tell . when people post on facebook hey everyone i got a new phone , i need numbers ! this one girl i know gets new phones all the time , and it seems like every time i text her she replies who's this ? ... have you seen the movie into the wild ? it got me thinking about self-exile . i would rather do it on an island than in alaska though . well , i got these trophies for everyone , but you win all of them . http://www.cruisinclassicscc.com/CanTro.jpg i'm pretty self conscious irl . somewhat uncomfortable in my body in social situations , online i have no body : crazy : . http://i53.tinypic.com/8yxqvl.jpg took me longer to find an image hosting site that works at my work than it did to draw the picture : tongue : thats usually how i find out who i want to be friends with when i chose this name i had some sort of fascination with gas masks , and i have just used it ever since . also , the pot and psychedelics are considered hazardous to some . oh and the 4 is there ... http://rudyxx.com/videogames/ha/index.shtml that is one of the heroine anthem games i confess that my cat is my best friend . my favorite part of waking up every morning is seeing my cat lying right next to me . infp the three ms marijuana , mushrooms , and mescaline . i smoke pot mainly because it helps with add , but it also helps me calm down and sort out my thoughts a bit . i have a thing for ... samurai champloo cowboy bebop air gear death note ( should have ended at ls death ) this songs great , i like the pete rock mix too youtube - jeru the damaja - you can't stop the prophet ( pete rock remix ) youtube - the herbaliser - new + improved salvador dali http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_cUuIMoP_aeE/Sap3UaW5T7I/AAABaM/gNjFWy011tw/s400/departure-of-the-winged-ship.jpg ... man i can relate to this , negative thoughts take over and i decide i have no chance . i'm still a virgin . not in any hurry to have sex , but i do want a girlfriend , never had one . i'm not shallow , just insecure , and i used to be really anti-social . oh , and i was a selfish asshole too , ... '