' honestly , i thought this post was going to talk about how babies stare at infjs ( or whether they do for any number of them ) . folks have described my look as being an all-encompassing one - taking ... philosophical telegraph - brilliant ! verbal communication with me is always slightly stilted , but that's because i'm constantly reading feedback signals - i need a little pause now and then to ... i think uncle iroh from avatar is a great example of a mature infj ( zuko is probably a good immature infj ) . agree with mentions of atticus finch and galadriel . i'll also toss in faramir from ... i can see infjs being susceptible to a femme / homme fatale mentality , but they would need some sort of self-mythology or ideal that would justify their role . an infj femme fatale would probably ... there are two reasons i have more difficulty connecting with guys than with girls : 1 . i respond to animated and reactive faces / body language . it's one of the primary ways i know whether i'm ... as an infj guy engaged to be married , yeah , i've given this topic a lot of thought . perhaps too much thought at times :) i think infjs can make excellent fathers : we're great listeners , we often ... not dumb at all ! first letter : is the direction of the first function directed inward ( i ) or outward ( e ) ? second letter : is the first information gathering function intuitive ( n ) or sensing ... i think the progression is fairly accurate in my life , but 11thnight is completely right - the progression doesn't take into account the infj stress paralysis . when i'm under a lot of stress or ... well , the actual order of the four letters are are not strictly derived from the functions . the decision to order the types [ 1 . introversion / extroversion ] [ 2 . intuitive / sensing ] [ 3 ... print is dead . i'm totally kidding : of course we love to write ! although in my experience , infjs tend to be much more gently pushy than other writers . the shoulds and oughts about what ... the main difference between infjs and intjs ( though there are a lot of fun little nuances ) is that tjs use te / fi while fjs use fe / ti . what does that mean ? it means that tjs think objectively - ... that i take my darkness with me to my grave is my gift to all mankind . reading is recreation ; writing is art . reading inspires writing . writing is a glorious refinement of thought given form . now am i more of a writer than a reader ? that is a very weighty ... you're just experiencing a very powerful form of empathy . infjs tend to have this ability due to the workings of dominant ni , informed by an inferior se , and governed by a strong auxiliary fe . ... i intentionally chose , after turning 21 , to at least try most kinds of alcoholic beverages i encountered - i didn't want to fall into the forbidden fruit trap where i'd go on a total binge just ... i would say that eccentric people are just weird people that have accepted their own strangeness or through ignorance or illness are unaware of their weirdness . i've mostly made peace with the ... i strongly agree that mbti only measures the how of a person's personality and i'm glad you brought it up . i've found that the mbti system goes a long way in explaining how i work , create , and come ... i think a key factor to consider when creating an infj character is that infjs adapt to other people . so they may interact with different people quite differently since they put a lot of effort into ... i guess i think in word forms what i mean is that when i'm thinking , much of my processing is an unconscious blob - images of feelings and intuitions . what happens when i'm really thinking ... this reminds me of the discussions and readings i participated in during my literary theory class ( which was much more enjoyable than it sounds ) . the classic text to spur discussions on what ... because there are so many variables in situations such as yours ethanol i can't be all that specific about what may be best for your family . i do recommend trying to find an estate planning ... i always thought sandra bullock was extremely charming . then there's emma thompson - she's amazing . as far as deceased celebrities go : katherine hepburn 110 % she might not have been as strictly ... i would recommend that your dad see an attorney asap as well to make sure that if ( heaven forbid ) his condition worsens , the family can still take care of his bills and other legal affairs . it will ... rationalism can be a refuge , but it's like armor . it's cold , metallic , and unyielding and it's just those qualities that can help you stand up in the world . but you can't live as a suit of armor ... 55 % here . funny that the average result for guys is 50 % psychopathic ; not exactly the most encouraging statistic ( but we all know women are meaner when they're evil :P ) . your first impression of your partner : i met her sister about two years before and my first thought was : wait , she has a sister ? ! awesome ! x95 your second impression : i had never met anyone who ... i definitely sense both infj and type 8 from you nobleheart . i think the best way to view enneagram and mbti is like this : have you ever done the white-carnation + water + food coloring ... i wanted to add this observation to the infj / intj comparison : as others have said , the difference really boils down to whether the person feels , then thinks or thinks , then feels . but it's ... it's funny because i tell my istj fiancee ' pretty much the same thing and she thinks it's fantastic . i'm always very careful about how i bring out my gut i-know-there's-more-to-this intuitions ... it all depends on the other alternative leaders in a situation . if i'm confidant in the current leader and share their vision , you better believe i'm right there with them ; i've got their back to ... to echo those who say overly aggressive people : people who are sharks , gunners , and spitfires intimidate me . they put the pressure on immediately and demand to know exactly what you think of ... i don't think that i've ever asked anyone out , cold-turkey without having spent a lot of time hanging out with them first . sure , there's always the risk of being friend-zoned , but it's just how ... i think , personally , that i wonder what other people think about me , but not because i necessarily aim to please them . i want to know what the think about me as i act in accord with my principles ... haven't seen the movie yet , but did watch the let it go clip and that was amazing . i've not been so effected by a disney song since the lantern song in tangled . going to go see it with my ... thank you all for the thoughtful replies ! they got me thinking more , which is always a good thing , and i think that therex 92s a distinction to be made in our ability to handle conflict . itx 92s very ... i work best with direct and honest people who know who they are and are comfortable with that . we could be worlds apart on many issues , but so long as they are direct ( not playing games ) and ... in many infj type descriptions , they say that infjs are x93easily hurtx 94 and x93canx92t handle conflict very well . x94 am i the only one who thinks thatx 92s both unfair and crazy ? do we like conflict ? of ... i liked most of it . i have a little trouble with some of the descriptions of fe ; i'd have preferred it to say that infjs are principled social compromisers so that it's clear that we don't just ... cats . they're my favorite pet . they also reflect my personality a little too . i'd love to sleep 15 + hours a day and have 24 hour room service . and , yes , i could perform some amazing stunt of mental ... after getting over thoughts reminiscent of highlander from thinking about a fully-grown identical copy of myself ... i would definitely raise him as my son . identical dna does not an identical ... yes , you're an infj :P you've tested and come out as one , people who've read your posts think you're one , and you've answered some decent winnowing questions in the infj way . no reason to ... take a deep breath . it'll be ok :P i found that once i was fairly sure i was infj , one of the best sources of information / illustration / confirmation was the classic infj or infp ? website . ... my journals are , at best , well-intended , but mostly blank . i have approximately 3 actual , physical , journals . and i have about 7 actual entries split between them ... over about a 10 year ... hooray for considerate creator - ness confidence 66 openness 52 extroversion 42 empathy 82 trust in others 62 agency 34 @ trophycase it's interesting to see another infj who had to compete with an intj brother . i know that that relationship has shaped me greatly and forced me to develop my ti much more than i ... infjs often have strong extroverted feeling ( fe ) . that means several things . first , we instinctively pay attention to the emotional needs of those around us . this is one of the reasons most infjs ... my initial response was : don't but i figured that wouldn't be very helpful :P my best tip : find things you like to do and participate . the more you hang out with groups and do things with ... apdenoatis : 1w2 , 2w1 , 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) u200barkendale : 1w2 - 6w5 - 4w5 sp / so perspicacious : 1w9 - 5w6 - 2w1 so / sp cordial milli 66 : 1w9 - 4w5 so / sp rwm 4768 1w9 , 5w4 , 2w1 sp / so pterodactyl ... i didn't get my license until i was 18 . i was first stop on the way home on the school bus , so there wasn't really any incentive to learn to drive until i got a job and went to college . i also ... it's funny that i've had this happen to me a lot , but most people don't just come out and ask me if i'm gay . i usually just read it on their faces as they interact with me - that hint of wonder and ... '