' there's not really any way to have those experiences be 1:1 emotionally . you have to settle for a bit of projection . affective empathy's use is limited in my estimation , it's mostly biological ... epiphanies can be striking revelations . thinking is not unique to thinkers , rather it's required of everyone - immensely more than feeling . thus feelings may be less about hopelessness ( no ... thinkers don't always deal in facts . things being wrong / senseless are obvious to most . they're not thinker epiphanies . that's why their derision causes so many problems . the feelings ... yeah , it's true . don't poke the bear ( s ) as they say . there are simpler explanations for the rest . people make irrational decisions when they're emotional . their misgivings do make logical ... a bit drone like for my tastes , but have at it . still , it's a simple problem worth fixing . it's all external upsides . it's required to use these things . life is chasing feelings , ultimately . they're what give meaning to any action . nobody can escape that painful truth . conversely , if that were really true , intjs would be the masters of the universe . there's downsides to everything . isn't tactlessness a simple problem worth fixing ? some of this can come off like ... musical 4.57 self 3.29 language 3.00 how dare you , sir ! one word , delusional > _ > breaking promises is called being a lazy bum . say what you mean , mean what you say . the truth does not help all things . honestly it's paving the road to hell when mishandled . but , i can see why that may not have been a fruitful debate . generalities , though as much as people differ it's also surprising how much they can live up to their mbti descriptor . ouch , a two three punch eh ? well philosophically i'd rank intj rigidity somewhere in the vicinity of istj . i've changed my mind at least a handful of times talking to intjs . they simply ... i see . and feelings are probably a better descriptor of what i was thinking of . all the same , my work output is garbage without them . i cannot do only what i think is right or what might appear ... never ? i'm not sure about that . a decent isfp would use them to do better work than their contemporaries . emotions can be a sizable advantage . to think they're only transient or wholly ... te's useful . rejection is very demotivating . you have to make people understand why they should care about your craft , and well , that may take many tries . they don't know who you are . i see a lot of potential similarities between the personality type and the disorder , specifically borderline . my mother was bi-polar , and frankly that was a disaster . at her worst she was ... sorry to get back to this thread so late . i realize that i'm not necessarily correct , but the better question is : did he ? that's what the thread is about . could that belief have ever been equal ... http://i.imgur.com/cpFs2cR.gif http://i.imgur.com/vFWU5Aa.png your empathizing quotient is 46 . baron-cohen ( 2003 ) suggests that this means you have an average ability for understanding how other people feel and responding ... i do as you've read in this thread : live and let live . you've got to let a lot of things slide ( i . e . too many ) because life hands you a lot of crap , and it's a shame because people won't try to walk ... and people are also silently judging you . what makes your verdict so much more important ? do we not see why there is a limit to expectations of others ? can one really live up to those ... so what grade is he in ? : winetime : no and no . morality is about the last thing from my mind with compliments ; that's giving them too much weight . you can lie about compliments as they are a subjective interpretation of a person's ... when everything grinds your gears , especially piddly ass , penny-ante bullshit which has little to no significance . appointments , errands , renewals , paperwork , etc . i can't stand that stuff when i'm ... then get out . i'll leave if you do . sincerely , common sense i know you're probably looking at my type and groaning , but ... oof . where to begin . the worst example ( and he's rather unique in my experience of this type ) did the following : ignored hard ... dear intp , that is why you must feel more . do you think people are going to trust a person who uses emotion skillfully or one who sequesters it ? there is no feeling less than one does in a ... dear intp , feel more , then you would understand your own statement . sincerely , isfp what do you know about people ? son of a bitch ! intp post sniped . well , that's what they do . does not compute . beep boop . dedicated , resourceful , collected , ignoble ... shall i count the ways i love thee ? also secretly despised by : http://i.imgur.com/YXhF5zC.jpg you guessed it ! intj . not so secret weapon of the estj : cat o ' nine tails made of unicorn fur . you wanted chivalry . that's often not top of the intj priority list . i also think you've very mistaken on what defines masculinity ( here buy my drink , here tell me where we eat ... come on now ) . in 2014 for us firefighters : 36 sudden cardiac deaths 14 internal trauma deaths 9 asphyxiation or smoke inhalation related deaths 2 burn related deaths 1 death related to electrocution , ... could be being the operative words . realistically many possibilities are unfeasible . so intjs will look to the future and / or what can be accomplished over time , which may include changing what ... i agree . more short-sided intjs will not give proper consideration to alternatives in service of their goals . [ insert yoda quote here ] i am ... disappointed . i see . even though these are not the same approaches i take , they're definitely the kinds of posts i was looking for . with mixing music i've never seen anyone do well who hasn't staked quite a ... interesting . is practice not how we improve , though ? sticking with certain things that work seems to fit isfp ( also very istj-ish ) , however there must be a certain amount of repetition to ... skeptic * shakes head at big picture stuff * : rolleyes : so . what did the firefighter die of ? i put asphyxiation and you'd believe all of them ? tap button 1 for yes . http://i.imgur.com/gJhNHyh.jpg definitely among my favorite genres . post early 2000s it really lost something , though . i put music over lyricism so rap usually doesn't rank as highly to me . there are plenty of songs out there ... such pointy ears you have . we'll add it to the index cards for you , don't worry . i swear , every job i have it takes me at least 5-10 more repetitions of a certain action to get it down and become confident about performing it . this has carried over to cooking , games , public ... haha love . it's alright , you can break out your index card definition if you need to . 50/50 chance it will end up in my death for the greater good , but : toast : did you see this through the eye of the needle , or a keyhole ? '