' i went to medical doctors for a health issue and felt this same way ( i had a doctor admit that she googled a condition and then told me i might have it : happy :) . sooo i guess my suggestion would ... jchazard well , for the record , many of the most beautiful people i've ever known have been infps ( yes , males included ) . i don't mean beautiful in a girly way , but just really great people . i ... lol ok .. that's really letting someone off the hook . that's like getting punched by someone and saying , well i can't get upset because maybe they had a good reason . regardless of the reason , they ... this just sound 4ish and intuitive , so i don't think that really distinguishes . i'm an infp and easily relate to that , but so might an infj . many people consider infps to have the cold exterior ... i know an esfj who doesn't trust many people , or anything new or experimental that she hasn't done for 20 years lol . now when you say you don't trust your gut , idk if that's quite the same thing ... i think it's interesting that most of the replies have discounted or rejected the idea that the daughter is fundamentally the one at fault for taking the action she did . it's not only someone ... i'm not a guy , however i would suggest that maybe he didn't bother being too forward with you since he knew you were going away for months . he may be thinking the same thing as you ( maybe she'll meet ... i have absolutely no idea what that map means .. but it looks super interesting . kinda reminds me of this level of consciousness scale by david hawkins . map of consciousness from david hawkins | 2012 : ... i think it's safe to say , telling whether an infp likes you or not is pretty difficult because by nature , we keep all of our strongest & most personal emotions to ourselves . i think i may have ... sirrichard 80 % of this sounds identical to my mom , who has driven me nuts for 25 years now : happy : . the only thing i can suggest is this : don't explain anything in your typical infp way . she won't ... toastedguy your story reminds me of the lives of a few of my male infp friends . they've struggled to accomplish things , but they are articulate , capable people . and to me they're admirable , ... blessed frozen cells yea , i've done this over things that i would consider dealbreakers . ( although others might consider things not a big deal ) it just feels like there's no way around it at that ... i think we'd probably be running around tourniqueting limbs , convincing people not to eat their children , stealing from the rich and giving to the poor , running diy soup kitchens , and hoarding all ... story of my life as well ! but i don't really feel that way around other nfs , so my advice to you would be to try to find some . and also try not to think too much about the others who don't ... lucia 4 : laughing : wonderful . at least your situation seemed to call for it & really push you to the edge . with this isfp its like his edge comes way too quick . and to answer your question , yea i'm ... tiny houses + baby greyhounds ... awesome i can relate to what you guys are saying . i think it mainly comes from intuitives pairing with sensors . i've dated both n and s people and i've only felt what you guys are discussing with the s ... 54-46 thatsmynumber ahhh that is also one of mine ! although further back on the to-do list , since i may never have the money michael 82 you have your work cut out for you ... and the only one you ... so there's always talk about infps being big dreamers . john lennon's big dream was world peace .. edgar allan poe's was to scare the living crap out of everybody . ( seemingly ) so now it's your ... it kind of sounds like your parents are sexist if they naturally expect you to be a slave because you're the only lady in the house . if you do have psychological problems , it sounds like it may be ... i think i get what you're saying , sometimes i find myself confiding in other people about my flaws or a problem i'm having , and ( while completely oblivious to their own flaws ) they simply tell me ... ha ! there are so many hulksmashing isfps . guess it's not just the one i know . might i suggest kickboxing for getting out the rage ? i naturally use it because it's the quickest way i can think to make people laugh . if we're on the same page , the other person will laugh . but ( and idk if this is just my imagination ) i feel that ... lol yes . i have one bit of advice , it's the only surefire thing that has helped me , and that's to get to know a set group of people really well . obviously that will be hard at first , but the key is to not ... hey ! first off , i can entirely relate to how you feel , and even feel this way myself sometimes , although i think it's improving . what it seems , just based on what you've said is that : 1 . you are ... that's horrible :( i can only imagine how she must've felt . i'll certainly keep your advice in mind . typically just road rage , yelling at traffic when nothing major is actually happening . he doesn't get along with his father and they've gotten in several arguments over the years . it basically ... i definitely see what you're saying about him probably not changing .. but then i think , he's never tried to change anything about me .. who am i to say what he does in his free time ? maybe he'll just ... 150586 i totally understand this statement . i've sometimes felt like i'm fighting for something other than myself . i can remember in grade school , this little kid would try to bully basically everyone in ... over the last few years i think i have seriously discovered the one and only procrastination cure , at least for a typical infp . you have to really really give a crap about what you are doing . if ... honestly it's a bit eery that since him and i began discussing this again tonight , i happened to get 2 responses just minutes later . but anyway , thanks for the input you guys ( and yes , my cat is ... well said ! i'll definitely check that article out . so i'm hoping to move into an apt . soon , but i was hoping to get some intelligent insight / advice / whatever from all of you brilliant nfs . in the past few months i've realized more and more that my ... sophiamarie i don't know much about the 9w8 type in general , but from personal experience i guess it works ok because i'm a little bit more decisive than he is , he's a little bit more assertive than ... so i was reading some blog posts by a girl who claims to be an infj . and while it is somewhat similar to infp writing , i honestly think it's better . the writing style seemed more focused , less self ... if you watch his other videos describing infps , he really misunderstands us / constantly insinuates that our minds are stupid . its kinda funny . the fact that infps are single-handedly blocking him from ... yea , i also used to be all about ' individualism ' , but clearly the setbacks of this are becoming evident in the western world . i guess the problem comes in when people who aren't empathetic at all get ... a bit off topic , but while i am socially liberal , i always give off a conservative vibe to others . as in , my personality is conservative , i'm a prude who is boring at parties , bookworm , ... lana is isfp type 4 ... i'm pretty confident on this .. as confident as you can be for mbti-ing someone you never met : tongue : i know many other people have dubbed her as this type . if you read ... let me guess , you live in america ? :) i've noticed this and it is why i usually avoid talking to most people about anything in-depth . i've definitely gotten the you're up tight , no one cares vibe ... <3 intp : kitteh : also i forgot to say , i agree completely about the wounded physician thing , and the triple effort thing . 2 things that we have to try to remember . i've known several infp males closely and yes , i've realized after learning about mbti that things are easier for me as a woman . the times i've been extremely emotional or acting ... wow , i know exactly what you're talking about . i initially typed as intp and only after reading the infp profile i realize , ' oh yea thats right , i used to have values and lots of feelings before i ... these are all awesome & interesting insights . also endlessdaydream that is the author i was referencing in my original post :D all of the depression / low self esteem posts on here are very similar . i'm not criticizing , i'm just saying it seems that depressed infps are very predictable . we think and feel the same things , and ... sooo like estj on a regular day ? hehe . yea , i did a lot of messing around as well , i'm 24 and should've graduated earlier . advertising sounds like a cool focus . i'm just trying to apply to anything remotely decent that i could be good at , ... '