' man of steel ... disliked it , with the exception of a few scenes . so glad i only paid matinee price for it . i came into college as a biology major with a rigid pre-med mindset . i took one anthropology class on predictive health my freshman year and switched to anthropology and human biology almost ... wow ... i am currently doing this . i'm hoping these feelings go away ... fast ! and going with the flow is what got me in this situation to begin with . if i had just curb everything when it first started , ... hahaha thank you ! i appreciate the advice , though i'm not sure i believe it lol . and you made me laugh , not because your post is particularly humorous but because he's called me man and bro before ... when you realize you actually like someone for the first time in your life and your response to that is this is not normal ! this results in an incredulous look from your best friend who's been with ... nope . the most # of pages i've read is 19 and that was some thread in the intp forum about how logic is an illusion . the only reason was to see exactly where it was going rather than in an attempt to ... when someone asks you how you feel about x and your reply is the question : what do you mean ? this is usually because you're confused about the question and it's purpose . it is also done in the ... wow ... what an entertaining thread . it's one of the few threads on this forum that i read all the way through . please continue ! xd when you pick the seat at the end of a row because you figure you may be stuck sitting next to only 1 person and it's a better alternative to sitting between 2 people . either that or crouch in a ... ugh ! i've done it again and i have no one else to blame but myself . i've tried to rationalize it and come up with a reason as to why i can't seem to commit to a relationship . it's not like i'm ... yesterday was one of those days during which i felt suffocated . i was anxious , irritated , excited and numb all at the same time . i had too much going on in my head to function properly and ended up ... i registered with my facebook account and am a bit uncomfortable with my username . can i please have it changed to bebe is possible ? i'm not sure if i need to be at a certain rank for that but i ... http://personalitycafe.com/support-suggestions/70904-name-changes.html when a guy you might like calls you his bro and you don't even realize that you should be offended / annoyed until someone else points it out ... then you go ohhh ! and everyone proceeds to look at you ... i have a terribly low tolerance and i haven't drank in about a year now . alcohol usually makes me more outgoing , less censored , and less balanced . i go crazy and want more and more ( this tends to ... i suppose you're right . but in actuality , i'm not nice to everyone , just the people i consider friends . and i don't mean that the person i'm nice to gets the wrong idea , it's the idiots who have ... this happens to me too ... according to some nosy people , i like this guy and have made it obvious to him so now i'm waiting for a sign from him that he likes me too ! like hell ! most of what i say has been mentioned already ...  ... the fuck ? ! that doesn't make any sense . am i making any sense to you ? why ? ( i say this enough to get people extremely annoyed with me ) what ... how well do you read body language ? decently . can you tell what someone really wants before they ask for it ? usually . can you predict how conversations will go and anticipate how long they will ... iptn-the stoner stoned or not , this type uses themselves as the basic element in their fantasy world . consequently , they tend to make very self-indulgent frameworks to inhabit . um ... i guess ... i'd probably be stuck indoors and surrounded by books . i might also get around to writing a few . wow ... the possibilities ! this is , of course , assuming i'd never experienced the joys of technology . if ... i definitely do this all the time . i always have a movie playing out in my head when i listen to music . it usually involves dancing but sometimes i have a full-blown plot as well . when i like a song , ... i teared up over the trailer for bully . * coughs * ... didn't realize we were being watched ... : blushed : friends ? edit : you beat me to it . good boy ! i can and i always do ... unfortunately . i'm not too bothered though ... entr 0py ' ll get over it . :) * accepts toast ... then runs off and hides * oh and thanks for the toast ! yum ! hmmm ... maybe layered with some apricot jam ? i have to say that the puppy eyes have no effect whatsoever ... :) awesome avatar ! : tongue : and i completely agree about jake gyllenhaal ... not sure about the marriage part yet . :) yay ! the uncertainty was killing me ! : laughing : that would be weird but doubtful ... i wore a pink / black combo . : happy : i haven't been on the forum long enough to do that to an efficient degree but i did check out entr 0py ' s avatar and it's ... darn . i considered the possibility that someone already had that avatar and actually thought about going through the profiles of all members of the forum . i was too lazy to do that and decided i ... - very religious / spiritual - consider the feelings of others ( when i'm not zoned out ) - had a partying phase ... only lasted less than 2 years though . when you can name many things that you don't like or doesn't interest you but can only come up with two things that do interest you . or is that just me ? it's funny because calculus is my worst subject and that pre-calculus class was my lowest grade in my entire high school career . homework went uncompleted , and i b.s.ed my way through tests and did ... i once got an award for being the student most likely to space out in yet still manage to get the answer right . this was in pre-calculus . i would stop paying attention to what the teacher was saying ... congratulations ? it doesn't make my eyes bleed so that's a plus ! : tongue : when you get an award for being the student most likely to zone out in class but still manage to get the question right when called upon . really ? i did test as an istp my first time , but it's been intp ever since . i think that a lot of things that piss me off are those things i've noticed in people i've come to strongly dislike ... - when people don't return the things i lend them . i try my best to return anything i borrow from anyone in a timely manner and believe they should do the same . i think about asking them about it , ... it isn't but thanks for sharing ! : happy : i've been told that i'm good at critical analysis essays and journal articles . i suppose it's because there's analysis involved with straightforward logic rather than simply opinions . i can write ... wow . i always assumed this was something specific to just me . i have a really hard time ' getting ' sarcasm . and it's really not because i can't discern that it's sarcasm , it's more that i have to make ... when eating dinner with your family gets you strange looks from everyone at the table ... and you don't even notice . when you search the word dinner in this thread to make sure no one else has ... this happens to me as well . when i get like this , i usually end up doing the things that i'm good at and even though it's won't help me be more productive or a better person , it makes me feel better ... i wouldn't touch any insect but i would try to drown them to see how long they would last . it they tried to escape i would barricade them and dump more water on them . pretty sadistic . i don't like ... i got my license a year ago and drive a white honda civic hybrid sedan . i don't like the color , it's too conspicuous . i don't mind driving if there's no traffic . traffic drives me insane . i ... a few things i've noticed about myself : - i grind my teeth ... a lot , and not just when i'm pissed off . i'm trying to stop doing so because it's getting painful . - i noticed that i call people ... this was me in high school . i think relationships are very superficial in high school and that worked out well for me because i made sure i didn't let it get to me . after high school , friendships are ... when a guy shows some interest in me , my first instinct is to laugh in his face . once that is suppressed , i proceed to rebuff every attempt he makes to get me interested . i start to feel bad so i ... thank you ! and i hadn't realized that most intps were type 5s . i tested type 6 wing 7 . :) '