' oh my goodness ! is this still a thing ? do people still come on here ? hahaha wow . well that's certainly one way of looking at it : tongue : wow . i can honestly say i'm shocked this thread is still going at it . : shocked : interesting . then i think i'll check it out : wink : thank you ! aaand this is when i take a break from personality cafe . whaaat ! that's so insane ! oh my gosh my mind has just been blown : shocked : it's super trippy for some strange reason , attack of the killer tomatoes doesn't sound to be all that scary to me . how many people in line ahead of me ? i think i can confidently assert i want the meep . hello world ! so i play the ukulele and i was wondering if you knew any songs that sound great or have the potential to sound great on the ukulele . besides the obvious ones , of course , like somewhere ... stay with me . but i hate that song , so now i'm changing it . the moon song ( from the movie her ) i absolutely love reading paper books . i can take them anywhere , mark them up , ( not to mention they smell amazing ) , i prefer hard cover books , and if the book is amazing , i'll take it with me ... i think i'm in love key words : at this time . there's still hope , mr . meepers : tongue : i suppose so , considering you're so enthusiastic about me : kitteh : ... probably not . sorry . the maze runner popular from wicked why do some people have natural vibrato ? hi ! i'm new too . i'm an esfp . maybe we can be friends :D hi ! i just joined this site today and i am super excited to make a bunch of new friends on here ! :) i , too , am continuing the pointless posts you know you're an extrovert when it's as easy to talk to a complete stranger as it is with your best friend . okay i know we're supposed to be criticizing , but i just love your sassiness . : kitteh : and your comebacks are pretty bomb too . hm ... criticize ? well , you have about as much emotion as a rock . just out of curiosity . i'm and esfp and wanted to know if opposites attract or if you guys just can't stand us . '