' that reminds me of this oldy but goody . https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_0XFHt_ZbZ0 nevermind ... edit bigstupidgrin how exciting ! ! ! you seem very thoughtful and i think it will be great . trust in yourself . every teacher has his own style and im betting infps bring something fresh and unique to ... i feel like i did that day at the college cafeteria when my best friend / roommate moved her plate diagonal from me to sit instead of in front of me where it was before i went to get food . and it ... i am thinking about some of the wonderful people at this website as i write this ... maybe many infp's are like some sort of exotic plant . you have to put the seed in the correct environment ... what does it say about me that i rarely notice ? i'm usually very impressed with how well people speak or write in english around the world especially when english is not a person's first language ... called out sick ... my username is so outmoded and outdated . i think it was already a saying on its way out when i joined perc in 2011 ! now i laugh to think its even older . i remember when i first joined i'd try to ... lost my voice maybe its because i'm sick or didn't sleep last night but but today i'm feeling especially heavy with guilt about the crappy things i've done to people i care about . i have all of these memories ... my adolescent ( 90 ' s anime obsessed ) dream of traveling to japan has never been realized . actually i kind of want to go back to mexico . i always come back with really memorable experiences . causes i act on : encouraging learning languages and cultures working with immigrants encouraging art and creativity encouraging literacy , love of book reading , and story telling . causes i ... i'm having a dilemma . i'm sick with a nasty cold sort of thing . i think i got it from my coworker . she came in sick and only took 1 afternoon off . i got sick after and took half day friday off ... oooh .. thanks ! that sounds good and easy . i eat mac n cheese from time to to and the oregano sounds good to spice it up . i'll definitely try it and report back . thanks ! : happy : that sounds really good ! by any chance is there an online recipe ? i can't sleep and now i'm hungry . :) summer spring fall ... ... ... ... ... winter . random : night mode app is good for late night phone browsing . it gives your eyes a break if you're in the dark by dimming the screen . and it's also good for checking the phone at a movie theater ... hopefully the sound has gone away . its appropriate that you write this in your signature , am infp hear me meow ! :) my cat seems to express the same sentiment about vacuum cleaners . she ... for me not going after what i want can stem from two major factors : one is fear of failure / lack of sense of competency . the other is intimidation by the mountain i perceive i need to climb to attain ... i'm usually too lazy to wear makeup . when i do , i don't usually wear much . i like for other people to do my make up for weddings and that kind of thing . i never learned all those techniques . ... i think you shared a pic of you once here , right ? ... you didn't look at all like this description . maybe you're too tough on yourself . the pic was pretty . don't know if you had makeup or not but ... hmmm ... idk . for me it's mostly sleep or dream related . when i took ambien to sleep in college this happened to me . also i sometimes hallucinate voices during sleep paralysis which is something of a sleep disorder . and sometimes just when ... freud would have fun with this one : did anyone ever say pee standing up ? i always had the dream of doing this . tmi when i was a kid i tried unsuccessfully to do this in the bathroom . lol i think ... ... i feel a sore throat ... ... the sharp tips of claws of a cat's paws in my arm as she kneads the blanket ... .. the vague general fever body ache of sick ... ... the cool autumn draft from the ... cats are people . my spanish teacher is awesome and always hands us readings about how to stay positive and work to find contentment . its like a spanish class and motivational speaking event in one . she handed us an ... cumbia is my fave but not as many dance it . tango sounds interesting . i've never learned that . lots of people know salsa so it could come in handy . wow ! i actually made the cut ! lol ... but what about my 4 foot 9 friends ? they exist . i've never really understood nor related to the whole height-preference thing . as someone rather petite , ... http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/3874917/stitch-sand-castle-o.gif hmm ... i can relate to some of that . i think there is actually a benefit to surrounding one's self with a variety of people , including the people who may seem to have it together in the ways ... i don't mean to invalidate your feelings but i don't think you should feel inferior for something like that . if she already has a license , less reason to need someone else to have one . what ... the goat is a perfect representation of how i've felt and acted all week . if you were to interview any person i've interacted with all week , they'd agree ! : laughing :: blushed :: confused : i have found that talking to a friend can be a real help when i'm feeling down . people . an open ear . when i was a kid , my mother bought me a personalized book . it was children's book with nursery rhymes and tales but it was adjusted for each person who ordered it when it was printed ; they injected ... no problem . for the record i've asked you what i consider to be very difficult questions which i don't have all the answers to myself . for instance , i don't actually have a solid idea for a plan to ... thanks for your reply and thanks for posting that article . those are some interesting and thought-provoking ideas . i understand a little more where you are coming from now , i think . ( and sorry i ... yesterday i went to a friend's wedding . i found myself quite teary , but perhaps not for the right reasons , or at least the tears felt slightly indulgent as the welled up and i had to restrain ... i try to keep my politics and my perc separate , but you've got me quite curious . before i go into anything else i'd like to add that i most definitely agree there are major issues with not only the ... library i'm always at the library . lots of times for work . sometimes for pleasure . sometimes for a working printer . bookstore sometimes , but i'm frugal so i prefer the library . :) they know ... freespirit 777 i think you have every reason to feel the way you do . there is simply nothing comfortable about being treated incriminatingly when you've done nothing wrong . something like that ... i've decided to move to the city from the county ! i'll be able to walk to shops , restaurants , bars . at the same time there's lots of green , trails , and parks . i'm really excited ! i hope this is ... one thing that comes off sort of nf / infp ish to me is his ... sort of zaniness ? he's very unpredictable and silly . like when he comes out at the intro he always does some kind of wacky , wild ... i was so happy to see stephen colbert do a whole skit on myers briggs tonight ! he got tested on his show and his results were infp ! i was thinking he might be an nt but now i see how infp could ... have you ever had an idea that you thought might be your own that actually wasn't ? i saw amelie recently and saw the scene where she says she likes to turn around and watch the whole theater ... maybe i just have a sick mind but sometimes it seems like i always end up inadvertently saying something stupid . never fails . i've been shopping for apartments recently and here is the way a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoUEQYjYgf4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-P3l9ezaF8 this is a delayed post . a week ago i danced for the first time since i sprained my knee at the gym last winter . i danced for hours non stop ! this was a big deal for me given that even standing and ... that's an interesting take .. :) spoiler i read ' things fall apart ' my senior year of high school . i remember the ending being sad . i recall the sense of sadness watching another culture and ... cool ! maryland is nice . :) i think its very varied like you said . you've got d . c . close by , the appalachian mountains on the west , the beach on the east , and lots of little cities and towns ... '