' i suppose it would feel like atheism so ... i would feel nothing . when i was trying to come up with an mra reversal for feminist sex rights for this topic , i realized i couldn't really do that because what feminism did was give both women and men freedom to be ... goodness , i am not advocating for the argument i'm making . i'm simply making an absurd reversal of feminism to show the problems with feminism . anyone would see that men acting this way would be ... not really , since women have biological privilege and get to stay home due to pregnancy and childrearing . men deserve that too under this hypothetical scenario . perhaps , but not without social stigma . men are tired of being considered unmarryable losers if they refuse to work . suppose there were a men's movement where men decided that that were tired of the status quo and they wanted more opportunities . they say that relations between the sexes are unfair , and that they ... funny , i would draw the complete opposite conclusion and say that a feminist society , including women in the workplace , is making this a rarer occurrence . i don't know what people are talking about her being witty . i remember her being witty a long time ago , but recently she was getting pathetic . you could point out the flaw in her logic only to be met ... what kind of perceptional coloring ? how do you know that we cannot know something with certainty ? i do not believe in mind-independent reality , because if nobody knew the truth , not even god , then it ... she was a communist . nobody has ever met a jolly communist . both terms have objective meanings . i see no difference . care to explain ? really ? you can only love if you have free will , and having free will means the ability to choose between love or non-love . how do you know what is best for someone unless you first know what they were made for ? crown me king , i'll abolish them . : cool : nobody , not even god , can force you to love anybody . that is the reason hell exists . you think that's bad ? i live in california . my state loves illegal immigrants more than natural-born citizens . this post is rather confusing , starting with your statement , the goal of truth is correspondence to reality . i'm not sure if you simply made an error in expressing yourself or if you literally ... this post was hilarious because of the post that immediately preceded it . i used to think such an idea was ridiculous . now , it's the only way i can make sense of governments around the world being so suicidally stupid . no ... where would you draw the line ? and what would happen to female rapists or sexual abusers ? hysterectomy and vagina sewn shut ? good god , man . well , this is why i am personally against the use of any psychotropic medication . it seems like it's getting more and more controversial to say that , as a white person , you're only interested in marrying another white person . there's a lot less stigma for other races to say they ... i think the proper use of the word is only within the context of specific religions . if you take it out of the context of any particular religion , it seems like the word simply refers to a vague sort ... mere wealth alone does not determine your sinfulness or your righteousness , and it is just as much a sin to be envious of another's possessions as it is to be greedy with yours . i have no way of knowing that . this is a long thread , and i was thinking of making a topic on libertarianism to some degree , so i just want to know : how many people here actually consider themselves to be libertarians ? he seems to truly care about america . he is the antithesis of sjw culture . he's not a member of the communist party ( d ) . he actually has the guts to propose actual solutions to real problems , like ... is this the version of the game where you get a new queen every time she gets captured , and you can turn your pawns into bishops ? define your terms , please . governments may be able to prevent you from going down certain paths of evil , but they certainly cannot make you be good , only individuals themselves can do that ( with god's help . ) is it that hard to understand ? i'm saying that no government can make people good through pure authoritarian policies . the only thing that can make a society truly good is a just ruler and a just ... bipedal , have you ever seen the movie a man for all seasons ? i saw myself in the character of william roper and i am seeing you as that character now . to william roper , thomas more says : now , ... why would that matter ? all that would matter is how you define good and evil . niss update # 4 : carpe diem . i called her . i figured either she would be surprised but the kind of girl who likes meeting people again and want to talk to me , or else she will be intensely ... reclaim your religion . start praying again and ask god for help . go to confession . go back to church and receive the eucharist . look , i can't help you very much because i am in a similar situation as ... you don't get it . if morality is determined by the individual then the natural result is that the strongest person gets to decide what's moral . dictators get to decide what's moral . and conscience is ... the exact same thing happened to me . it started small in high school when i thought about what i would have believed if i were an american colonist in 1776 america , and i figured to myself that it ... because it's only worth talking about if the same rules apply to all , and according to you , they don't . we're going with your answer to the question of who determines morals . if morality is non-existent then it is non-existent for humans as well as animals . then right and wrong do not exist . hence , animals cannot behave morally . let's put it this way : who decides what is morally right or wrong ? because only a moral lawgiver can impose moral laws . this seems dumb . it just assigns value to certain words , that's all . i type in the word good , and i get a result of 5 % toxicity . i type in the word evil , and it jumps up to 67 % . again , i am talking about a higher sense of justice here . i will concede and say that animals , on occasion , may have a small sense of fairness , but certainly not a human's sense of justice . what ... that actually sounds like a really bad idea , and it's surprising hearing it proposed by someone who ( as far as i am aware ) considers themselves to be a sort of libertarian . then why call it morality ? what i described is an aspect of justice . animals cannot grasp that . the reason a punishment or reward is deserved is because there is a moral law above humans that we follow . animals cannot judge , ... because if animals understood justice , then we wouldn't have to wonder whether they were moral or not . we'd just point to the literal kangaroo courts and have our answer . justice is doing the ... it is impossible for animals to behave morally - - or immorally - - because animals cannot conceive of the concept of justice . simply cooperating with other animals of the same species is not evidence ... '