' u200bbusiness management yes , i have astigmatism most of my reading is done digitally ( via moon reader or ibooks ) green fig salad lentil peas tomatoes soursop paw-paw pineapple banana wonder woman ... it was highly enjoyable however , the 1st half of the movie was boring https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMivT7MJ41M we can do anything but we can not do everything we can do anything but we can't do everything u200bwe can do anything but we can't do everything welcome to the forums nznr 11 : th_jtteglad : : hug :: hugs : it may take a while to figure out what your true type is as mood and stress-levels may skew results . as others have advised just read up on ... welcome to the forums shalom 1 : th_jtteglad : : hug :: hugs : welcome to the forums lenny 97 . glad you discovered your type : th_jtteglad : : hug :: hugs : welcome to the forums sectumseverus : th_jtteglad : : hug :: hugs : chose downtown as i would get to see the all the activity / colours of city life but never be forced to participate in it p . s . it would also be the opposite of the relaxing , quiet mountain view i ... my 1st job was being a camp counsellor . i love working with the children and preparing for parents night greetings fergus , : welcome : to perc hi leparfum aka nicole : welcome : to the perc family . hope you have lots of fun here with us : hugs :: hug : hi lindamayeadams welcome to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us . as long as you hold on to that dream i'm sure you'll have your own business in no time : hug :: hugs : hi slender 2008 welcome to perc , glad you rediscovered yourself . hope you have lots of fun here : hug :: hugs : hi navvy jay welcome to perc : hugs :: hug : hi kristry welcome to perc , glad you decided to join us : hug :: hugs : hi lilprimrose welcome to perc : hugs :: hug : hi bo0mcha_ welcome to perc : hug : : hugs : wow , i never knew this was a thing ... practice child i know about getting a dog or a pet to learn responsibility though granola with coconut milk and banana fried rice with chicken veggie spring roll good night and sweet dreams everyone on perc may tomorrow be filled with lots of laughter and smiles : sleepytime : good christian bitches by kim gatlin it was an interesting take on the two faced gossiping nature of church women . not my type of book normally but it wasn't bad fantastic beasts and where to find them ( 2nd time watching it ) a beach day filled with splashes , laughter and joy : welcome : to perc alexismccown : hug :: hugs : : welcome : to perc silentemma : hug :: hugs : : welcome : to perc princesstoots : hug :: hugs : : welcome : to perc malcontento : hug :: hugs : i love saying hi to everyone . i normally personalize it with their names too but have fam over for christmas . so it was a quick welcome : tongue : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : btw congrats on the wedding : toast : may you both be very happy hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : hello there friend ! ! ! : welcome : to perc , hope you enjoy your stay with us : hug : : hugs : u200bweird different confusing mysterious intriguing outta-the-box non-conforming quiet ( yet can be talkative with those i consider close to me ) so yes i'm intimately familiar with the labels '