' thank you , i never felt my troubles were bigger than anyone's . i understand that it would also feel that way for anyone when your problems hinder your ability to function at your everyday routine ... my peers thought i was weird ; i thought they were vapid . attractive in what way ? i'd probably ask . or , i'm more likely to say something like , beauty is in the eye of the beer-holder . none . religion didn't work out with my personal principles , so i reverted to atheism . agreed . the expert is not necessarily the man who has loved plenty of women , but the man who manages to keep one loving him for life . i'm one of those intjs who kissed a number of boys a tad too early ( at 14 ) , because i did it out of curiosity as to why other girls my age were rushing to do it , but not because i really felt like ... - peanut butter , bacon , pancake syrup , and jalapeno peppers . - cheez whiz , cheese curls , and garlic peanuts . extreme pain causes me to be emotionless , and when i'm emotionless is when i perform most efficiently . i choose whatever pushes me to be at the top of my game . most people you know fail to understand your penchant for acquiring information . let's just say i made a stupid decision that could have been avoided a ) had i paid attention to the numerous red flags i had already observed beforehand , b ) because it's inherently wrong , and c ) ... anywhere between chaotic good and chaotic neutral . you fall out of love with someone once you lose respect for them . i've been really sad for several weeks now - - okay , my depression has recurred - - but i can't really talk about it because it's my fault . on topic : unnecessary noise . my husband and best friend are infjs . differences aside , it's never boring to be with them . i quit smoking cold turkey in 2007 , and have been smoke-free since . however , i am addicted to coffee and the internet , and tend to be obsessive with various interests . that person doesn't need to be dignified with any further response , because they only want to hear themselves talk by goading others into an unnecessary and irrational argument . ;) i'm not quite sure what your point is , other than to aggrandize yourself by lashing out with ad hominems in an otherwise neutral conversation , which seems to have somehow affected you on a personal ... probably because they are misled to believe that reason cannot co-exist with emotion and empathy . and probably because they're simply looking for the most convenient and self-aggrandizing excuse to ... because we think in all caps . ;) = = = when people fear your judgment of them , more than your anger at them . 1 . most of the time i carry my problems alone . even as a child , i had not been the type to ask for help for as long as i can manage on my own . so when i ask for help , that means i really need it . and ... this . the good thing is that ultimately , both intelligence and stupidity can't be faked . 45 . when people message me to say that they think i have a lovely name , then misspell it . it depends on what feelings the loved one tends to elicit in me . there are those that have had no difficulty bringing out my affectionate side , and there are those that i liked having around but at a ... almost 5 days . my son was confined for pneumonia at the time and i rarely sleep when he's ill , until i've ascertained that he's out of danger . it's the adrenaline . on the average though , i sleep ... yes , i do , and i don't look back . and a rather undescended ballsack at that . small words , big ideas . age : 37 gender : female languages : english religion : none political leanings : humanitarian murder , she thought . dinner , she made . no . i find that i end up strongly liking people whom i am initially critical of , and the more i like them , the more glaring their flaws are to me . my son is diagnosed with asd and we get along very well . perhaps it helps that in childhood , i also used to exhibit several asd traits but have never been diagnosed . with difficulty . and sometimes , with choloroform and duct tape . it depends on the person and their capacity for self-reformation . and that's just the intj in question . ( contrary to popular ... yes . for the most part , i'm generally levelheaded and forgiving . but on the few occasions i've lost it i've broken a glass window , slapped a few people who've been extremely rude , slashed my arm ... even more so if you're referring to the iq level , not the age . my self-esteem has plummeted lately . in spite of that , i'm still confident about the way i process and synthesize information . hi . i would appreciate some advice from fellow intj's . although i tested several times as an intj , it appears that i'm one of the more emotionally sensitive and intense ones , mostly due to a ... i'm gonna post all 1,537 of my latest selfies on all my 37 social networking accounts so everyone will admire how pretty i am - - for an introvert ! luv ya bae xoxoxoxoxo the angle of your right eyelid , maxilla , and pursed lips remind me of ethan hawke's . vulnerability and onions . no , i'm not the only intj who [ fill in the blanks ] . perhaps i've developed a complex about not being pretty at around age 6 . when my teachers told me that , i knew they were only trying to make me feel better about myself . i was fat and plain , and my ... when people contradict their own principles to accommodate personal biases . i also welcome and even revel in cognitive dissonance . usually in my case , the dissonance is accompanied by minutes of glaring into space while i reprocess my old beliefs vs new and conflicting ... one that leads to even greater sex . when you're a female and people call you sir in online discussions , despite a feminine profile photo , username , and gender indicator . if i were rose , i would outdo my brother in villainy , the bumbling amateur . no matter how you try to spot us , we will spot you first . today , i hate my maxilla . '