' premartial ? you're going off to war ? i salute you . oh , ok . i really haven't heard of them . i was sort of making connections to something i read recently . now i am confused . which message is spam ? edit : i get it , your version of 10 characters ? nice ! the ramunajan number . am i awesome ? my favorite number is 7 because it comes off as an intj to me . i like intjs . i also particularly like eulers number , it doesn't have a personality but its fun . are you referring to hindu chakras ? your avatar looks similar to a chakra diagram and third eye is a chakra . oh heck yeah . with my audiographic memory i just have to sit there and my brain will know everything required for the test . i don't even show my agenda ( special calendar ) to my parents and they don't ... parents : esfj o . sister : entj o . brother : istp y . brother : entp me : intp i am third out of four . alone and miserable ? harsh . what did you do to them to get that ? murder their parents or something ? my guess is that most intps seem older in text . i guess our brains grow faster than the rest of ... nope , not yet . i might feel a little bit shorter ( i'm doing this stuff and i am only a year younger ) . i have been told , multiple times , that i would make a great father . i generally get along well with children , adults and the elderly . come to think of it , multiple elderly women have told me that ... a boat ... a book ... someone to paddle the boat whilst i read .. first paragraph ; yes . second pargraph ; i am one of those people . i love the rom , i wish i could have gone when king tutenkhamen was in . what is the most interesting thing you've ever read . i am also trying to learn to manipulate people ( mainly for fun / knowledge ) , have you had any success ? i am having a bit of trouble . does not compute . what do you mean by does not compute ? oh god , i literally laughed out loud in a quiet room at this , my parents now think i am crazy . i would drop touch , that way i wont feel pain . if you could go back in time and change one thing , what would it be ? he may have been refering to 100 degrees celsius . does it count if you are a serial killer ? neither , i am scared of both . what do you like ( if anything ) about being an intp ? most important ; returned from montreal . least important ; slept for 6 hours on the ride . finish the sentence ( creatively ) , when life gives you lemons ... you need both because things that happen to you have an effect on who you are , and some things are inborn . do you ever push the elevator button more than once and believe it will make it move faster ? 1.people i can't kill them all so i have to live with them . 2.color wikipedia 3.money i will have a lot of this when i grow up . 4.life painful 5.nature camping next week . intp porn ? do not send me the link . this : list of colors - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia yes , but if everyone is unique like my stupid television keeps telling me , it wouldn't be so special to be special . to use that to print an organ or a car , you would have to print out the peices one at a time and assemble manually , and that is if it uses the right material . but those are some good ideas . 1 ) leaving home at 18 . 2 ) uhmmm ... next question . 3 ) kinda . 4 ) no addictions , games are fun though . 5 ) 95 % theist . 6 ) 170 , 10 points off of genius . 7 ) no . 8) no . 9 ) nerd , geek , dork , all of the ... omniscience means all-knowing , because he knows what will happen there is only one way things can turn out , have you ever observed two realities in which one has one outcome and the other has ... that one way it can turn out is the way it ( happened ) , throughout that we had free-will to do what we wanted to . is it that hard to grasp ? god knew about these choices before-hand , so what ? screw you . that is ( hopefully ) not what he meant . yeah , just curious however , how would you address the op's concern of if god says that raping children was good ... according to my previous teacher , i am an intellectually arrogant , conceited , over-critical , sociopath ( she was a shrink before she started teaching ) . from acting i learned that a smile will look like a smirk if you only pull up one corner of your lips . pull up both and it will look natural ( hopefully ) . and i stand by my stance that they can co-exist . god knows everything . that means that there is only one way everything in the universe can play out , but that one way is based on our choices . god ... yeah , it's not like we're crying or frowning or grimacing . i'm just really not extremely happy all day . and if my family see me smiling they ask if something is wrong or i am up to something ... happens at least once a week , if i want to smile i will . i usually have a neutral expression . had you given me this advice the day i was born ( and i retained it ) my life would have been so much better . there is nothing wrong with the scientific method beyond that it is limted to human understanding . your condescension is not appreciated . eh , like i have said before , where is the incompatibilty between religion and science . being religious does not make you anti-science . thank you , this is what i have been trying to explain to bioghost for the past 4-5 posts . is there an incompatibilty ? intp fits me still so its good . i think i might be an entp , who is so much of an jerk he doesn't have any friends . now you are misenterpreting my posts . how can i make it any simpler ? you are stating that if god knows our actions ahead of time , there is no free will . we still made the choice ourselves , but what ... i do not agree , i have noticed that morality is just another way of saying to do unto others as you would have them do unto you most of established morals and ethics are based that you should do ... read my whole posts , not small parts of it . i already stated that time is not necessarily linear for god . so , it was not predetermined because the present we live in is not necessarily all that god ... my problem is that i was expecting more people to have this problem but apparently most people just ignore that and think away as they log on to this website come to this thread and post . the mental ... thinking about how everytime i come to this thread my current thought is about this thread so i no longer have anything good to write about . but we can have free will , just that the product of which is known by the omniscient being . time is not necessarily linear for god . most arguments made here are imposing human standards to an a being ... the power of acting without the constraint of necessity or fate ; the ability to act at one's own discretion '