' most of the time , it's just that when i express how i feel or my thoughts , they aren't always accepted . i feel most understood when someone takes the time to really listen - - not project , not ... i agree . i also find the biggest difference to be their future focused perspective . as someone more set in my past experiences , it's a little harder for me to understand them . bigstupidgrin and tryingtodobetter ahh i see - - perhaps enfjs are a bit headstrong in relationships . but yeah i agree , it's still a red flag . i'm definitely not looking for that rn , so i said no to ... i recently met this guy ( enfj ) through a friend - - we hung out in a group setting for about an hour or two . afterwards , he asks me to go out and i agree . have not gone on the date yet , but we've been ... hmm not necessarily - i'm not sure then . might be some other factor ? hmm maybe it is just a certain loyalty to the friendship or trust in the isfj to always be honest with them . have they been friends for a long time ? i haven't had the experience of clicking ... oh for sure . i totally relate to your ' silly examples ' lol . i take forever to pick where to eat , i spent like an hour at target deciding which desk bin to buy , i'm so bad at deciding what to do when ... i agree completely - - i was in no way saying that infps , or any type for that matter , is better than another . my whole point was to relate to the op and demonstrate why being an infp is unique in ... can someone explain to me what the op means ? ( possibly with an example ? ) i feel explaining myself in person is easier due to being able to use facial expressions , hand gestures , and all that ... as an infp , i just wanted to chime in a little . firstly , i understand the feeling of the op . i started high school with no friends , and in four years , i never found a group and only had one ... i love them . they are honestly one of my favorite ' types ' of people . like others have said , they're caring , practical , they make you feel welcoming and are great friends . i seem to click with them as ... i can definitely relate . it is a fine line to tow between reality and fantasy for an infp , but i do believe meaning can be found , as long as you are actually basing it off real experiences instead of ... thank you ! this is great advice for when i go on a trip overseas in the future ( planning to visit my friend in london over spring break ) . oh my god , i love the boring dad crap don't worry lol . i really loved the way you described it , as observing a painting . i've never related the feelings , but looking at nature really does give me the ... this was a great response - - thanks for all the safety tips ! i am definitely inexperienced and would not have thought of some of those suggestions . i keep going back and forth , but this response ... hmm you're right . since my plan is slowly falling apart ( lol ) , maybe i will go on a hike ? i'll try to think of things where i'm always doing something . hm do you ever get bored ? i'm so glad someone else understands ! girl , i feel ya on the fake friends bit ... i think you may be right , i'll see if someone else wants to go , but otherwise i might do what you did and just spoil ... hmm you're right , i could see myself getting a bit bored if there aren't things to do . especially on the drive since it's so far . i was also thinking about going to every park in the city or explore ... my birthday is coming up in a month and i'm turning 20 . i usually don't do anything for my birthday , but the last couple years i realized how disappointing it is to literally do nothing for my ... for the longest time i thought i was an infj because i would always test as it , and still do . i even made a thread on perc asking people what they thought i was ( lol ) and they said infj from the way ... nah , i don't think only the goals keep me going . most of the time , i enjoy the feeling of getting things done and being productive - - it's kind of like a habit now . and i think it's a little ... in my experience , there have been two ways to embrace the si / te side . the first one focuses on simple accomplishments and the happiness i get from that . i like finishing assignments , doing well ... yess ! ! ! exactly lol . i thought i was the weirdest person ever for doing that ! glad it's just more of an infp thing . but yes i think there certainly are exciting things in life that can make us ... i'm sorry , i feel you . ever since i was a kid , i would go to bed every night creating scenes from the tv shows i love as i fell asleep . i lived in those worlds more than anything . i still feel ... i really feel you with this one - - i have also had to embrace my si / te side . it's hard to step out of it because it's honestly satisfying to be productive . at the same time , i would never want this ... i agree that there probably aren't any solely infp games , but i do gravitate towards rpgs that focus on character development and storyline . when i play those , i don't care about side quests or ... yes , always . when i was a kid , i would play out made up scenes in my head every night before i went to bed . they were always from shows or anime that i was obsessed with . i lived in those worlds ... i definitely feel you - - it is sometimes hard to watch people looking so hard for love , when sometimes the best course of action is to just focus on the self . i have friends who are also like this , ... librarian in my experience , any type can be an ' outcast ' due to circumstances outside of type . as an infp , i'm flattered that you'd want to join a club of us lol . i actually don't think i've met many ... hi ! infp peeking into the thread . i had written all this stuff about how i felt this feeling before , but the more i wrote the more i realized it was different . i will say , however , that i have felt ... i do the same for school ! it really does help to not think about the outcome . i always tell myself , ' at the very least , i'll just try my best - - i just don't want to feel the regret of failing ... i'm glad there's someone around my age who relates to this . i never think about it after the fact , but it really does take time to form friendships . whenever i am in the midst of ' forming ' a ... of course ! glad i could help a little from my limited experience : 1 ) umm kind of like you said - - soft , warm , smooth . it should get your heart racing though . after a while there will probably be some tongue , but it shouldn't be ... depends on the activity , but i'm usually pretty good with discipline . it has benefitted me academically - - because i work hard , i get scholarships that put me through university , which is really ... i agree with larch that sometimes a person in general just isn't a good fit , regardless of type so it might be that . but if not i do have some general advice . the great thing about s types is ... oh my god , i'm literally trying to rekindle a friendship with a intj right now , i'm meeting her this weekend after not speaking for over a year due to a fight + her leaving for college . i was the one ... charlie - - perks of being a wallflower miles - - looking for alaska chandler bing - - friends ted mosby - - how i met your mother i really like that . i definitely have found myself frustrated with friends or losing friends and decided to become hardened and cold - - it really didn't work for me . it made me bitter and unhappy . i ... i'm kind of emotional right now because i just got in argument with a friend , involving our whole group . it was a long time coming ( built up feelings on my end ) , and it ended with me saying that i ... i do openly judge sometimes , like calling someone out for something and though there's a relief from letting out how i feel , i feel a little tainted / bad afterwards . i think to openly judge is kind of ... i'm thinking about majoring in biology , and going to vet school in the future . in general , i'm interested in biology and chemistry because it helps me understand the world . there is a code to the ... it's funny because i never roast my friends or anything . i think it's an inferior te thing , but who knows . i just don't want to accidentally offend or overstep . i don't think infps are brilliant ... i first fell in love around this time last year . it was this boy i liked on and off in high school . we were both very shy and didn't think the other would ever like us . he had finally asked me to ... both of those responses were really helpful , thank you ! i think i could probably try some different things like go out for hikes or relax at the park when finals are over . and i've never heard of ... a lot of the times , i feel stuck in the past and unable to let go of the things that once hurt me . even when i kind of want to , i end up getting picture flashbacks when something reminds me of the ... ohhh my gosh okay . thank you , that cleared things up . i was wondering if you guys relate to fi and , if so , how it manifests ? i can relate to fi in terms of having and weighting principles / morals that i would not be willing to give up for others ... my math teacher asked the class , did you pretend to be another person today ? from this morning when you woke up to now , did you pretend or act like someone else ? do you guys even know who you are ? ... '