' thanks to isfjs , who are fantastic listeners and always willing to give advice that is spot on . even when i can't word my feelings properly , they somehow seem to understand exactly what i'm feeling ... i find conversations with mature intps to be enlightening . i really admire how much detailed research goes into supporting an intp's beliefs ( the definition of logic , right ? ) and it's refreshing to ... everyone has a different way of coming up with a decision . the best way that i've come up with describing it is fluid vs . static . the first group of people believe that decisions can always be ... i wonder if making passive aggressive comments are related to how esfjs distinctly dislike confrontation . since it is hard for us to tell someone directly what they're doing wrong , we try to show ... being genuine is what i value most in other people and in myself . i really can't stand it when someone's actions and words don't match up . being the true you requires that you face hard truths ... just popping in to say hello ! :) our ploy to seduce the entps into wanting to seduce esfjs has worked . i also agree that walking on eggshells doesn't make for a healthy relationship . esfj and intj communication difficulties are due to a misunderstanding of social boundaries . intjs ( and also intps ) ... interesting perspective on the differences between esfjs and isfjs . i certainly agree with the last three statements , but i'm not sure exactly how i feel about the first statement . i'm very fortunate ... gossip is about people . esfjs love everything related to people . it doesn't surprise me in the least that esfjs and gossip are associated ; we love talking to people , thinking about people , and making ... generally , making other people happy is what keeps us esfjs happy . for example , i like cooking because it's a great way for me to gain quality time with someone ; so in this particular case , i don't ... i know i'm guilty of this on many occasions . being emotionally driven is kind of a double-edged sword . when we're happy , we feed off of our own happiness and spread it to others , who then feed us ... one of the things that attracted me most to my intj was his different perspectives on life . i find that intjs have a very systematic ( not sure if right word ) way of looking at things and like to ... satisfying relationships as a whole require healthy people , regardless of personality types . however , i do think that esfj / intj folks inherently have a lot of big misconceptions about each other ... but i had just finished whetting my ninja swords . i agree with the both of you - one of my favorite esfj superpowers is the ability to effortlessly understand a given situation from multiple perspectives . empathizing with others makes it easy to ... you've boiled it down to the essence ! it's often hard for esfjs ( and any young child ) to think about multiple concepts and theories at the same time , so i recommend sticking with one concept until ... agreed . processing time is so important for esfjs , since we use it to sort out our own emotions and which of them are getting in the way of us coming to a realistic solution . also , it's not uncommon ... i also had the hardest time learning math when i was younger ( especially those fractions ) . for me , it was extremely helpful to have some sort of concrete demonstration . for example , i had thought ... when i was deciding what my mbti type was , the introvert / extrovert dichotomy was actually the easiest for me to figure out . being social doesn't really have anything to do with it , since i've met ... great topic ! and i loved that you broke the question down into manageable chunks ! 1 . ) often , the reason that the topic is too out there for me is because i don't understand the jargon being ... i find intps quite interesting with a refreshing take on the world . time to go re-type myself . photos are great , and i love printing them for actual photo albums . ( old-fashioned , i know , but i love the thought of having my memories in a tangible form that can withstand server crashes and ... i'd like to expand upon what said . the best way to argue with an esfj is to tell us how you feel , what exactly is bothering you , and what we can do to fix it . you don't need to ... i'm no intp ( totally sneaking away from the tiny harry potter closet that is the esfj forums ) , but i'd take boredom over pain any day . as mentioned previously , pain makes it difficult to concentrate ... there's really no justification for her to say things like this . sure , personality type plays a role in how you think about things and you may be tempted to behave one way or another , but ultimately , ... my drug of choice : caffeine . but no , i'm not interested in trying any of the harder stuff . to continue on with the trend , i agree with the poster above me ! i don't think that she's trying to put you down for being introverted . if she really is trying to understand how everyone around ... reading this was déjà vu . in high school , i locked one of my friends in the car with a girl that he liked and wouldn't let him out until he asked her to go to prom with him . for me , i was getting ... having had multiple confrontations like this with my roommate , i absolutely agree with the things that have already been mentioned . if you continue living with a , you'll have many more scenarios ... i agree with this . your friend certainly sounds annoying , but it isn't strictly due to her personality type . jealousy , competitiveness , and condescension are not traits that belong to any one ... you're spot on about us trying to find social happiness by interacting with tons of people . as extroverts , our spirits are lifted by other people . interacting with other folks as they go about ... i love ' once upon a time ' ! but i don't agree that regina is an esfj . she has the hardest time understanding snow's point of view and voicing her own feelings . also , she has no problem with starting ... i always thought that i was drawn to extroverts and introverts equally , but then i realized that most of my close friends are introverts ! they make fantastic listeners and the introverts always see ... completed . please let us know what your topic was after you've finished gathering your data ! without further context , it's pretty difficult for me to extrapolate why your friend is reacting the way she is . for me , it really bothers me when i detect even a hint of insincerity in an ... so true ! i think it's pretty common for esfjs to hold it all in because a . ) they hate confrontation so much and b . ) it's easier to keep stressful things inside because it doesn't disturb anyone ... not all esfjs go to clubs . i'd prefer not to reek of alcohol and vomit . not all esfjs hang off a cliff . i'm actually quite afraid of heights . not all esfjs are trying to see how fast we can go . i ... 10 quality time 9 words of affirmation 7 acts of service 3 physical touch 1 receiving gifts pretty accurate for me . but i still appreciate gifts ! i don't think esfjs are the perfect type . i don't think any type is the perfect type . personality typing is simply a method of describing why a person may act the way that they do , and it takes all ... optometrist in training . one of the main reasons i picked optometry over the other medical fields was because of the social aspect . to really get to the root of your patient's visual problems ( which ... i always liked math much better than history ( which bored me to tears ) . i can see how some people would hate math , especially if they think it's just memorization . but personally , once i understood ... talk to him about things that you're interested in , because esfjs love hearing all about what makes other people tick . as lenabelle said , if you are yourself , i'm sure he will enjoy being around you ! ... i'd have to say entj . but before i continue with my discussion , i'd first like to mention that conflict is a natural part of any relationship and friendship , regardless of personality type . and ... in my opinion , environmental and cultural factors play a much bigger role in determining one's stance on this topic than one's personality traits . it's true that esfjs value tradition , but i don't ... very interesting , though the social responsibility questionnaire's choices were limiting . sometimes , i would waver between the choices of important and not important . there ought to have been a ... e . i live for other people . ( wait ... you mean e isn't for exaggeration ? ) but more seriously , i feel that the reason i do most things is because it helps me understand people . i like concepts ... hah ! this has happened to me before . i've noticed that intps ( and other types , i'm sure ) will be in the middle of a conversation that is flowing along smoothly , when all of a sudden they ask a random ... in these days of paranoia and a healthy dose of mistrust , some forms of hospitality are put off on the wayside . gone are the days when we would accept rides from strangers or keep our front door open ... slugs , snails , and killing spiders ( or any insects in general ) that are big enough for you to feel even with a 1in wad of tissue . and on an equally serious note ( because what could be more serious ... if i were him , i'd love to receive a quick little message . as said , an esfj really can't receive too much affection . it seems like there's multiple reasons why he isn't responding as regularly ... '