i must admit , it is great to see that we intj's have such an influence on people even though most of the time it doesn't feel like people are really paying to much attention . well there is one , the association for psychological type international host a biennial type conference in the united states for type enthusiasts to get together and learn from one another . in fact ... well speaking for myself and those comments i've read so far on this thread , i think we are in fact defining intj's ! i know i can relate to damn near all of these . i can't seem to make decisions to save my life , not any that seem to stick anyway . also i feel like every time i read about how we're supposed to be so impressive with our great view of abstracts and ... i'm all for the kissing booth ! ! ! well who could go wrong with a fun loving entp ! ! ! : laughing : anthropology , emphasis in archaeology . but the real question i thing is why you choose the major - for me , knowing the there were people who walked the earth thinking and feeling and aksing the same ... sometimes the craziness you are dealing with is the only way to sift through life and find what your calling really is . sometimes the struggle is the way you find your way , forcing you to ask ... yeah i tend to lose mine ever so often , then find myself wondering if they actually were ' friends ' or just people who were around when i was , then it takes forever to establish new ones , quite ... i'd like to spend more time hanging ' out ' , but i find myself at a loss as to what you all do , to me i can always imagine how much more comfortable and relaxed i could be if i were at home going ... omg , yesss . i dream all the time of letting my p shine in the outer world so that it may stop driving me nuts in my inner world ! i would start a career college as it's what i want to do anyway . & i would donate part of it to apt , cpp and capt for personality type research , perhaps even fund my own research organization and use ... i'm ' involved ' ( if that's what you want to call it ) with an estp , five years now , and we seem to be drawn to one another and can't get away from it no matter how many fights we have or how often we ... i can imagine they are , caps in general tend to be anxious personalities , but mix that with an intj preference and oh crap ... it's like overload unless they can ( we can ) learn how to deal ... i can honestly say this sounds so familiar ... oh yea , sounds just like me ! it's nice to know there's someone else out there that is so close . ( and nice to see someone who potentially attributes the ... no , not unhelpful , that is pretty good description ! wow , that was amazing , thank you for sharing it with us , others should deffinently watch it if they have a moment . i am all for trying to understand and give others the benefit of the doubt , but y personal experience it would probably be alot easier for most of us to do so with estj's if we hadn't all had quite ... i get this as well . and though by nature i'm not a violent person , i keep having dreams lately that i stabbed an estj that recently stomped on my heart in the leg and told him i hoped he burned in ... well let's see ... 1 . i'm not always right . i know surprise , surprise right ! 2 . i give men more leeway than they're usually deserving of . 3 . i love sitting in front of a fire and watching it ... thank you , this was what i was attempting to get at with the phrase my instructor told me : ij's are closet p's and ip's are closet j's . yea , sometimes i just think about all the things i know i can do to help relieve it , but it just takes to much out of me to actually do it so i start bad habits and spend alot of time ruminating ... i actually tend to be more organized when i'm stressed . it seems to help me get back to my normal self , the more stressed i get the more i feel like things are a mess and i need to clean , or organize ... [ quote = silhouetree ; 49962 ] cryptonia : autumnbree : ( sorry if this isn't very accurate , but i haven't really observed you too much since you recently joined ) ... thanks for the good chuckle : laughing : file :/ / / users / sabrinagoff / library / caches / temporaryitems / moz-screenshot.jpgfile :/ / / users / sabrinagoff / library / caches / temporaryitems / moz-screenshot-1.jpghttp :/ / www.maniacworld.com/three-bird-smiley-face ... kinda makes me think of leave it to beaver meets the shining , absurd i know , but it's jack nicholson , what else could you think of ? besides maybe the joker ... : tongue : well first , they may not even realize you're interested , and yes that does happen even if you've been flirting ofr six months . but if you know that this is not the case - i . e they've never openly ... hawks are mainly woodland birds with long tails and high visual acuity , hunting by sudden dashes from a concealed perch . loosely , to mean almost any bird of prey . hawks are widely reputed to have ... i think you throw him off . as an nt , we are pretty rare , and estj's just aren't used to the way we present ourselves , the upfront blunt honesty . the estj i was involved with acted completely out of ... so cryptonia and i have been having a discussion on ij's and ip's . my mbti instructor once told me that ij's are closet p's and ip's are closet j's . what do you all think ? do any of you j's ever ... okay , i'm going to give this a shot . i don't think i'd say it makes them ' weakest ' , it's like any inferior function , it just comes out exaggerated and undeveloped , so when ij's have the desire to be ... so the way i relate to this might help , i'm an ij and i like to be organized , have some ocd issues with certain things have to have things planned and structured or i feel so outta wack and anxious ... okay ... you may not like this , and i know my situation isn't yours , but i just went through this exact thing with an estj , he was the first man i've ever actually seen a future with , brought out ... i don't necessarily think it's all better today , there's some give and take , you lose some things when you move forward while gaining others , and you hope that in the end all comes together . i used ... ha ha , in my mbti qualifying class , my instructor made a very good point , ij's are closet p's and ip's are closet j's . i find this fits me so well ! :) well lack of emotion has just always been me , i mean i try to understand where others are coming from and i know that everyone is different and we all have our own lens with which we see the world , ... by femininity i mean those characteristics that tend to define the intj types , the tendency towards lack of emotion and a more calm collected aura , the ' tell it like it is attitude ' , which people say ... all the type ' matching ' information i've read always seems to contradict one another , it makes me feel like their reliability is so flimsy . i'm supposedly good with estj , but no , in another estj and ... so i'm curious , do any men actually seek out intj women ? every time i find myself in a relationship , in the end i always seem to be to much for my partner . it seems like they find my sense of ... that isn't exactly accurate , you may think you know what they are thinking based on their body language , however , intj's tend to be quite misunderstood even in that department . i have been repeatedly ... i've always had that feeling too . that at some point i will be put in a position where i will have to be that person who leads or holds things together , sometimes i think of it like when the world ... hmmm ... i think that depends on their satisfaction level with their mate , i have been involved with one who cheated on his girlfriend with me , and even then still couldn't keep it in his pants !