' i think the real question is whether infjs can be neat . dominant function ni , focused on the internal world . main function to do with organization = si = most far removed function of infj ... i don't know if it's an infj thing but i'm always pretty calm in an emergency . if i know how to solve it then i'll ' save the day ' if not then i'll find the person who can and ' be the perfect ... helllooo . i know the feel of being an extraverted introvert so don't worry , you are not alone . welcome to the forums :) living life to the fullest would naturally mean different things to different people . if it means chilling listening to music and reading then hell yeah go do it . i , however , am an infj who loves ... lies ! estps can't exist on the internet ! internet is for introverts ! : tongue : welcome though , always a pleasure to have another crazy estp with us . welcome to our crazy land :) the more intjs the merrier . guilty as charged haha . i'll type out the entire thing then i'll be like ... wait ... why am i even saying all this ? delete . hell , i was half tempted to delete this xd hey that's kinda like me ! except i'm an infj but type like ni se / fe fe / se ti , instead of ti auxiliary and se inferior . hybrids ftw lol . story of my life welcome welcome :) , my best friend is an infp . you guys are crazy but i love you : happy : you are aware that si is the very last function in the infj stack right ? ni fe ti se ne fi te si i . e it is your most unconscious function , which would mean that you are never aware when you use it ... i don't understand their perspective so i can't love it or hate it . long story short , can't go from j to p because that would mean all your functions magically changed ( congrats on your psychosis btw ) . also intj = perceiving dom while infp = judging dom . etc etc . happy birthday man , hope it's going well . if you somehow get on here before the day is over , just remember to take everything as it comes . do the best you can with the opportunities you get . have fun ! sounds like the story of how i got on here lol , welcome my friend . i know how you feel , wish i could just find one other infj in real life . oh well , i guess that's what i get for being an infj in the ... protector of those who cannot protect themselves . or maybe i just have too much fe for an infj . another infj with an isfj mom here . yeah they don't get ni and si probably annoys the living daylights out of you , but it's all about just being a bit above functions and what not . just understand ... i recommend vivaldi be removed from the infj list since there is 0 evidence . still want to know who made that conclusion to begin with . hai newbie :D . have a nice stay here in our asylum ... i mean forums . http://data.whicdn.com/images/13196320/tumblr_lpd3sfXpDV1qe31xzo1_500_large.jpg lol at your next party just jump up on stage and wiggle it . they'll invite you to every party then on . for me , people think i'm quiet , then when i go to parties and i'm pwning the dance floor ... life without pepsi ... must be tough . time to end the great debate once and for all . pepsi or coke ? lol'd , * adds this to the to-do list for april 1st 2014 * only have one confirmed enfj that i actually hang with , and it's usually pretty fun . get along easily . probably because i'm more in touch with se than an infj is supposed to be :P i'd slap you . : happy : you should type by cognitive functions instead of letters ' cause introverted sensing and extraverted sensing definitely aren't the same ' s ' . but that's not why i came to this thread . just came to ... can someone explain to me how a baroque composer ( vivaldi ) was even typed to begin with ? my sentiments exactly . the opinion has gotten about that my method … consists in fitting [ people ] into this system and giving them corresponding ‘ advice . ’ this regrettable misunderstanding ... http://www.jestferfun.com/image7/awww/hugz.jpg your introverted counterpart welcomes you : happy : i like to talk too , we have so much in common :P been through nihilism then i just decided to create my own meaning and haven't had any depression / despair since . i still have hope in humanity and believe in the cause . just take everything as it ... you succeed my friend . welcome : happy : well anyone who wants to lie to themselves can enter anything they want , although i don't see the point since all personality types are awesome . where the ' intj scientist ' is concerned , that's just ... step 1 : get fan step 2 : get cheese step 3 : get something tasteless ( and vegan ) step 4 : set up the apparatus so that the fan is in front of the cheese which is in front of the tasteless food step ... * now that he is no longer paying attention , i quietly sneak up behind him and knock him out * you cookin ' nobleheart ? ooh an infp , can i eat it ? btw they don't count as ' saying yes ' would require that they actually had the option to begin with . : happy : ooh it's an entp ! i call dibs . well i haven't found one myself so it would seem that the infj doesn't even know where to find an infj . i am at school , at some club / charity as a volunteer , hanging with friends at a mall or cinema . ... what kind of sick monster wouldn't say yes to cheese ? : shocked : http://www.nedhardy.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2012/may/humanity/faith_in_humanity_restored_8.jpg once again don't know if my joke was misunderstood still ( since that's the way most of you seem to be replying ) but in case you didn't realize , i am very well aware that extraverts do not fall into ... was intended to be a bit of a joke but i was genuinely asking a serious question in a feeble ni-fe attempt to understand people . let me rephrase . what is it that interests you enough in these ... really , what are you extraverts doing on forums instead of being out partying ? i'm honestly curious . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdJ6aUB2K4g : kitteh : oh yes i'm aware of the complexity of the problem . but it is of the highest priority to me because it seems to cause the most suffering . i would love to see the end of all those things as well ... poverty is my topic of interest . have no idea what i'm going to do about it , but i'm going to do something . what about you ? is this how a world of enfj's would look ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwAYpLVyeFU * runs back into introvert hole * warm welcome to you friend . sounds like you joined for a very good reason and i can tell you that you will most certainly find what you're looking for and more . enjoy your stay :) welcome amber :) . if i were you i'd steal one of their jets and fly it to the moon , where i would peacefully live out my remaining 5 minutes of existence . but then again , i'm just a stupid teenager ... '