' it's funny because i'm know we're just as good as other people in these projects , if not better . we just get in the way of ourselves ... it's sad ... here's a really good article about procrasionation ... ahhh lovely bouts of depression i'm not going to vent about things here ... but i'm wondering ; what are little things you do to make yourself feel better ? or for that matter get into a better ... i know how you feel to an extent , to be in a spot like that , i think a lot of us can relate because we tend to feel some pretty low lows ... sorry i don't have any life changing advice ... i'm not good ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWTLUmUjo8A i feel you . either i give it 100 % or would rather not do it at all . the whole all or nothing mindset isn't too healthy ... neither is perfectionism ( usually ) . i try to work on it but it's just the way ... i'm such a sucker for romance too xd flowers at my doorstep and romantic dinners will just about do it for me . knowing that , i've learned to be sooo cautious at first . aghh ... personally , my heart tells me it is . but i'm sure i'm also a very naive . i met my boyfriend a couple years ago , and i always wondered why we had such a deep , meaningful connection right away . it ... it's that time in my life now , the summer before my senior year , to explore my different options in life hahah honestly it kinda freaks me out , i really don't want to end up somewhere i don't want ... hmmm ... i appreciate all your input it seems isfps aren't a fan of organized religion i'm with you guys hahah haushinka's video explained it well buddhism appeals to me , i should look more into ... planting a flower :) ' nuff said you hate winter ( when there's no pretty fluffy snow ) because it's not beautiful so much death :( dafuq did i just read ? ! hahahah had phone for 2 months 500 pictures all memes : foreveralone : kat 91 no hahahah it was just a random mouth fart of mine * bitch slap * jk i really try to understand their point of view because everyone believes something for a reason but if someone really attacks my values ... then bring it on bro ... i consider that a ... my awkward story was also at a school dance my date would not talk to me ( he was sooo shy around girls ) so i was desperate i was looking for any way to start a conversation i said how's your ... being introverted , i think it can be hard to express yourself on-the-spot orally ( this is different with writing or speeches ) we need time to think things out and take it all in i'm great with ... yeah , i know what you mean themadswede there are many very wonderful christians out there who really follow the teachings of jesus but some can seem so blind ... and just plain annoying i would ... i wish americans were more affectionate too :( i hope to teach my kids to embrace it someday ( no pun intended ) i feel it's so important and wonderful but my culture has made me feel as if ... hahahah omg this sounds like me ! an impulsive , pyro , wild , adventurous child i would soak tennis balls in rubbing alcohol , light them on fire , and play catch with them or went fishing in a storm ... i have a big personal bubble ... but that doesn't mean i don't like physical affection from the people i'm close to ( when i feel like it ) i'm not usually one to initiate say , a hug , though maybe it's ... i'll look up and around my friends always ask what i'm staring at , but i'm just thinking :D immersed in make-believe with toys , for days on end sometimes hahah loved being outside , getting dirty , digging for worms , climbing trees had a deep care & love for animals and nature i loved the ... it doesn't matter what your religion is , or what exactly you believe ... ... but generally do you believe in something higher than us ? how do you feel about organized religion ? and do you think your ... i also have a very broad range of humor mostly sarcasm , wit , and making fun of my own weirdness ;) ( oh and i can forget memes ) i'm usually so sarcastic people don't realize i'm actually a very ... * when you don't try to have a sense of humor ... but the words you blurt out seem to be really funny * can turn on pandora , and be absorbed in music for hours * goes into a trance-like state while ... getting yelled at :( makes me want to curl up in a ball and slap myself sorry if this is a dumb question ... but do you have to go to a community college in the state you live in ? yeah you're right ... how was starting off at community college ? i've thought about it for money reasons to get the basic courses out of the way desiderata go placidly amidst the noise and haste , and remember what peace there may be in silence . as far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons ... do you think gpa really matters that much though ? i get a 4.5 but work myself crazy :( sometimes i wish i didn't care oh yeah ! i totally do that when working on certain projects :D it's the best , most relaxing feeling i really appreciate the advice everyone (: diorlips wow , i really appreciated your post i've always been told oh its a chemical imbalance , oh its just your thinking , oh take this medication and you'll be better when i've always felt it's ... hello all ! (: i already posted a similar thread in the infp forum , but i recently figured out i'm an isfp :P so i'm curious to hear ( read i guess ) what you guys have to say ! (: q : what is ... 3544435445 3544635447 35449 : tongue : i was the biggest tomboy ever as a kid :D during recess i would play football or climb trees :D i wouldn't let my mom put me in anything pink , sparkly , or with ... the world is boring when you're not a freak :) could you change my name to * sunrisespirit * i'd really appreciate it ! :) diagnosed with general anxiety disorder & seasonal affective disorder ( depression for half the year ) medication doesn't help me one bit personally i've tried everything therapy is all that helps ... airy-fairy flight of fancy :D lmfaooo i know exactly what you mean http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/51058-what-se-function-exactly-how-does-work.html ^ this is an awesome thread ... * lightbulb * i guess in that case i'm an s thanks for helping me understand ! ( ps : you're palindrome made me smile :D ) isfp ^ the force is strong with this one i think i'll try it out for a while (; * takes deep breath * sorry , i worded that wrong :P i do know about the cognitive functions but what do you mean mistaking ni for ne ? this helped me ne sees multiple possibilities , ni sees the hidden truth ... thanks for the great advice rim (: although enneagrams confuse me i've had even more trouble with those hahah maybe i am michael jackson : o what exactly do you mean by tert . ni for ne ? ( sorry , i'm new to this ) but this sounds just like me :( thought you were an infp for the longest time ... but would always said wtf when they talked about their ne i thought i was just some freak infp lol i always wondered why no one talked about their ... okay so i can be a intp probably not infp istp or isfp i found this about istp it's me to a tee :D ixxp <3 i think i'll just make that a new type ! ;) '