i personally thought the movie was well done and was interesting to watch . i think the main problem with the controversy surrounding the movie is that everyone is trying to attach their own political ... silly europeans . america is supreme and above criticism : cool : knowing grrm , the battle at castle black is gonna be both epic and heartbreaking :( get ready for the waterworks lol :/ ^ that's all i can say about the mountain vs viper fight . i'm serious considering whether i'm actually an estp ( i'm probably just gonna go with extp for now ) . and so far , i've been well received in the few contacts i've had with military lifestyle . i'm actually the degree for a similar reason as you . i plan on joining the army after college ( 18x program if wanna know more ) and c . s . degree is more of a fall-back than anything else . how come you regret your decision in picking computer science ( incidentally , that's the degree that i plan on pursuing in college ) ? one thing i've noticed about all my friends who i think are se-doms or auxs is they all have steady gazes when their making eye contact . ( it almost like their analyzing me : unsure :) i'm just ... i've been called weird and awkward but never creepy . i'm guessing it would happen randomly for me ( that's how i met all my current friends ) i like it . interesting and fairly easy to understand ragnar is definitely an extp . his desire to explore and find new lands to raid and conquer fit hand-in-hand with a pe-dom . i'm less sure about whether he is an s or n ( i'm leaning towards entp due to ... just stop cleaning up after their shit . when their parts of house start to mold , they'll get the memo . umm , pirates ? ( wait , no that's stupid ) i got nothing . anyways , in all seriousness , estps are pretty fun peeps . they're the only ones i know that can keep up ( and even surpass ) my level of ... do you often only use violence for self-defense ? btw i almost forgot about this thread :P so men got banned ? i can't help that but feel that i would've loved being an explorer of the americas ( a columbus-type person ) . i think it'd be safe to say that my personal dream job would be that or an ... sounds interesting enough . i feel like if we were to fight a big war , our lack of unity would probably cause us to lose faster than anything our enemies could throw at us . i'd liked to play as a spellsword or battlemage ; roast your enemies from afar with some fire magic and then close in and gut ' em with your handy-dandy sword . :D why not just threaten to beat him up ? you are the big brother after all .. i was about to say the same exact thing . nothing sets me off more than someone trying to make life decisions for me ( i don't mind advice but they need to understand that all it'll be is advice ) my bad . i didn't really state what i was trying to say very well ; my point is that since he is a sociopath at heart , we really can't use mbti on him since his sociopathy seriously affects how he sees ... he doesn't have a type . you guys forget that he's a sociopath at his core . he can't be accurately typed b / c he is mentally ill . when it comes to politics , i'm pretty much a pragmatist by this point . i started out as a rebel conservative ( b / c everyone near me was a liberal ) and then started to shift to the right-libertarian ... establish fallout shelters across the globe and promptly nuke all major powers . in the post-apocalyptic world , the shelters will act as bases for you to exert influence over the whole world . hi . prevent the enemy from fighting us and lead them in a wild-goose chase . when they're sufficiently exhausted , we unload the wrath of god on the poor bastards and completely eradicate them . simple ... what if we just don't show up to the battle ? methinks you over-thinking things just a little too much . i agree w / you that a good of deal of walt's stunts are unrealistic . but i think it adds to the show , not detracts from it . it helps build ... what happens when people stop going to college b / c the tuition has become too expensive to pay for ? or the gov't can no longer afford to give student aid for the same reason ? the bubble is going ... yeah , i think the wounded are much higher proportionally than previous wars ( 1 in 8 that are wounded die compared to vietnam which was 1 in 3 and ww2 which was 1 in 2 ) > i guess you can thank better ... in 2012 , more than 25,00 people died in car accidents . by comparison , only 301 military personnel died in afghanistan in the same year . sources : united states forces casualties in the war in ... i've heard that you're more likely to die in a car crash than in afghanistan . ( i'll have to pull up the official statistics though ) on-topic , most people should look at community college or ... never underestimate it's power ... i support so much that i'm reviving this 3 - month old thread bump don't wan't this to be forgotten about at least tell me you like some type of chocolate ? : sad : : angry : how dare you question the deliciousness of hot chocolate , peasant ! ! ! off with your head ! ! ! 111 there have been calls from many different people ( myself included ) to create a forum for members of generation z ( 1995-2010 / 12 ) . i'm posting this as a suggestion to have such a forum created .  ... any proof for this ? tie in the main storyline into the guild quests . i like the idea of my guild quest actions altering how the storyline plays out ... good luck ( and more importantly don't volunteer for anything ) btw what's your mos ? kill her ? who are these ' masses ' you all keep talking about ? i can't seem to find them anywhere ... : confused : you know , as horrible as sweatshops are , no one ever seems to ask how the people working there feel about it . i'd be willing to guess that working there is a choice of desperation ( and like you said ... join the army . that'll make you more interesting ( or dead but who cares : tongue :) all joking aside , i'd say just be willing to do things for the hell of it and over-analyze everything . that's what ... so , what was the point of your rant again ? or were you just looking for attention ? : rolleyes : the only time a ' know-it-all ' bothers me is when they feel the need to answer a simple question with a half-hour long speech ... it's just people trying to fit into the stereotype of the nt ( you know , borderline sociopathic , a know-it-all , over-theorizing everything , that kind of jazz ) .