' hell no ! i hate my living space to not be sanctuary . i like everything neat and organized and i throw away stuff that i don't use and that clutters my space we even went to counseling a couple of times . i was constantly reading on everything i could find . he wasn't though . he broke up with me 3 months ago . he got into an outrage of how his life was just ... i have noticed that estjs are great but unfortunatley only when you are not in a relationship with them . as friends , colleagues etc - yes . but for relationships they are way too different for infps ... sooo true ! ! ! do you have a brother ? because you sound just like someone i would be so happy with ! ( brokenhearted ) ... been in a relationship with estj for almost 2 years now . very difficult and painful relationship full of arguments , my tears , and break-up-make-up periods . yet full of intense feelings than make us ... i am a woman infp and it sux it is possible but do not make quick conclusions . sometimes in a couple one is giving more than the other but it doesnt mean it is always like that . it is possible that at that time in life she was ... i am not married but i just thought it was an interesting thread . i am infp but i do not change relationships fast at all . in fact i fall in love deep and hard and i become very forgiving of the ... i only get into a mean and even little bit aggressive mode when i was pushed around for a looong time ( i really do not know why i have so much patience and my limits are wider than most people's and ... awww there are others like me ! it is not that hard to say what you think to anyone unless you actually care about that person's feelings . do not underestimate ur strengths lucky me coz i went to oklahoma before lsu . i have 2 reasons to be excited lol ( in fact i am not a football fan at all ) up until these words i was ready to scream i am here ! but i am not gonna put myself in a situation when i will have to be responsible if my parents do not get along with the parents of my so . my ... no one . i hope you let your women know who you really are early in a dating and do not allow them to find all that out a hard way lol i go to lsu lol the fact that u replied to my post too shows a lot ;) farewell ! i am not insisting or even asking to be a friend and i am only basing my judgements on your posts . you may actually be a different person in real life and only presenting yourself a certain way on ... i do not even know the answer to that any more thank you for your reply . much of it still makes no sense to me in terms of being in a relationship but living their lives ( i get it that u may want to still have ur personal interestst and stuff but ... 99 % of the people on his facebook ( for example ) are the people i have never met or know . so i am pretty sure if he needs to gossip about me with someone he can find people to do it with . also , you ... i asked him why i had to wait to be married to have anything ours . his answer was so u think there is no difference between being married and being boyfriend and gf ? i said yes there is . we ... i thought about it . i wish i knew what the real deal is i asked him and what i had said above was his answer ... hi james ! i am new too . when you kill a roach and then suddenly think about how it must have felt for the roach and can almost physically feel that the way you did it was horrible and you then feel bad lol i am 27 and i still know nothing in this life and still feel as confused as when i was 13 i did not read the comments , but i am infp and i cry all the time whenever i get too emotional . and it doesn't matter if it is because smth good happened or smth bad . i remember i went to a school ... i miss my estj partner so bad ! i feel like there is a humongous emotional gap between us and i feel like he doesn't love me any more , doesn't ever miss me and stuff ... and i so want to call him , but i ... i definitely want family and children . sitting at home all the time probably not , but i am not a clubbing / bar going person . i enjoy a company of friends and i cant wait to make my nest i will say in advance that my post will be about unhealthy estj ( i think he is unhealthy ) . me and my estj partner argued yesterday to the point when i think we have no future together . he is 31 ... i agree but people often don't ask and even if they do , other people lie coz they are too scared to tell the truth out of fear of not having decent relationship with roommate / neighbor / friend or ... i am 27 , he is 31 . mean things ... twice he called me stupid . he apologized . once or twice he called me a bitch . he calls me a hypocrite a lot . he called me a liar i do not know how many times . he ... there is always someone in those affairs who is a victim and doesnt even know . considering how horrible the guy is to her and he cheats she deserves to know . and of course her bf wont tell her coz he ... not talking to me for days , withholding sex or any kind of affection completely , or even do something on purpose that he knows will hurt me to teach me because i do not understand it any other way , ... i am not sure about anything any more . i am sure i love him . i am not sure if we have a future together :'( yes ! ! ! x 1000 i was that girl . please do her a favor : tell her . i know it is scary and he is ur roommate and ppl like to pretend to be emus and hide their heads in a sand , but i beg you , she doesnt deserve it ... i think i am neurotic too i am not sure tho . i doubt i loose my temper . i always resort to crying over pretty much everything and when i am worried about anything at all i can't study , can't work , ... no i must say it is not the case in my situation . my partner is not healthy i guess ... he wants me to share everything with him . and by everything i really mean everything ( even the smallest details ) ... lies are not equal for me and may be other idealists . i lie to avoid criticism of my guardian so who is always insensitive , suspicious and will ask me 1000 questions and nit pick about the details ... i have to admit that if i knew you in real life , i most likely would not like you , wicked queen , at all for being heartless and not care about anyone . just saying . since we are sharing . actually i think it is a mature thing to be polite to each other especially in public . if you can not control yourself and can not be polite on public , may be you should not go to the bday . she acts ... the funny thing is walking on shell is being in a relationship with someone who prefers superficial relationships . it is like you can never rely on that person and this person for sure will never ... it is funny coz my estj bf did just that : dumped me and wanted me back , then again ... 5 times in 1.5 years . i think that issue is not related to the personality type at all i do not know if it is only personality types issue or what it is but in my 1.5 years relationship most of the time i have been feeling misunderstood and unloved . my so is not nearly as ... this is such a great answer and i so wish everyone was able to work things out that well ! my question to you is how did you manage to not get upset and accept that he is always right and not ... thank you ! when for many days you are writing 365 things i love / like / wish for you ( or about you ) for your significant other and put all your heart and sould in it , even knowing that he will not appreciate it as ... '