' took my very first yoga class the other night . a friend of a friend is getting her certification , and needed volunteer students for the class . it was somewhere between ' there's another 1.5 hours ... honestly , everything you've said sounds like a perfectly normal intj to me . far-forward thinking is very common for us , and to me it does seem easier to make a decision on a long-range basis that is ... you've received several literal replies , permit me to take a different approach . the ' one is always right / the other is always wrong ' pattern is a rather common dynamic in a pairing , and it occurs ... explaining your own joke , or in this case , a favorite poem , sucks all the joy out of it ;-) why are you dithering ? ? ? she already asked you out ! ask her if you could take her to dinner . she'll either say yes , no thank you , or she's not ready . because when i'm direct , most men run . yes . you broke the code . if your haiku lasts more than 4 hours , please see your doctor . it's okay to do stupid stuff and be immature . it's okay to make mistakes in relationships . we've all been young and dumb , and if we live long enough , we grow up . if i may offer a piece of advice : ... after my grandmother died , after the funeral and what-not , after getting back to my life in another city , it took me years to go visit her grave . i sensed that if i went , i wouldn't be able to leave ... i completely and thoroughly lack this superpower . one of many reasons i'm certain i have ( mild ) asperger's . i can't read individuals to save my life . a crowd , though ... heh < evil grin > or an ... nice ! latin was a long time ago for me , but i can see how much is lost in translation . in english we have to spell out most of the details of a verb tense before we even get to the meat of the verb ... ultimatums won't work with an intj . the more the mother digs in her heels , the more the intj will respond in kind . even if the istj mother is absolutely right , and absolutely justified , it won't ... why can't i mention anyone in a post ? i thought you just type the @ symbol and their name , but that doesn't seem to work . and if i'm replying to a post , my spacebar does not work unless i start my ... i stumbled across this the other day , it's myers-briggs plus a letter : a or t , assertive or turbulent . https://www.16personalities.com/articles/our-theory i have no idea of the research that ... i grew up in a family of istjs and i married one . my elder kiddo ( teenager ) is most likely intj like i am . i think i have the background to cover this . the general prescription for growing up intj ... i'm too lost in feels and pain and life crap to form words , but i come here a couple of times a day to ' hear ' my cadre of rational , intelligent people talk about their lives . it gets me out of my ... never get involved in a land war in asia . but only slightly less well-known is this : never start a debate with an entp . dumb therese . yeah , i often find myself wanting to reply , esp to those who are regulars , though i check myself most of the time . but i rarely mind when someone replies or comments on my posts . i usually welcome ... since you originally said ' she seems kind of too dumb ... ' , okay , i can see how perceiving these things about her can get interpreted as ' too dumb to be an intj ' . on the other hand , most of what ... saying he's ' trying out ' a new management style--ugh ! - - it makes it sound like a science experiment and comes across as a pretty callous interpretation . ( to be fair , it's an awfully bad day here , so ... i always feel like alice going down the rabbit hole when i go see my parents . i end up messed up in the head and don't know what is true and right . it usually takes me a few days to get back to ... i'm curious--what does ' too dumb to be intj ' look like ? speaking as a wise and intelligent intj who is capable of being obscenely dumb at times , i'm puzzled . sick and tired of being sick and tired . want to scream from the rooftops but can't muster the strength . my sister performed as a background dancer for a couple of big names ( though never at the superbowl ) . generally speaking , those folks are dripping with talent . but alas , it highlights the fickle ... i made these last night , interesting . going to fiddle with the recipe , it's definitely a keeper ! i had everything but the applesauce and date paste , so i subbed two ripe bananas for their volume . it ... would you share the recipe please ? i do a lot of primal / paleo baking but haven't come up with a decent brownie yet . i've kind of been through that , esp with the 18 different body shapes i went through in the last 15 years . : rolleyes : if you send me some pics of what you're wanting , or seeing on the rack , i can ... on behalf of non-jerk intjs everywhere , i thank you for responding to someone else's immature behavior with your own lovely growth . : wink : sooo jealous of you both ! one of these days ... 1 ) he actually thought i was telling him , to his face , that i wanted his job . while being cheerful and excited . 2 ) he didn't give his interpretation of my words even 30 seconds of scrutiny , ... as an intj , may i pipe up on this ? my very kindest , most charitable read of this guy is : he is an extremely immature intj with a lot of brokenness that generates his jerk-ish behavior . my ... okay , i'll bite . ( well , no , i don't really bite ! ) i'm an intj and the way you describe yourself is what really resonates with me . why do you feel drawn towards competing with your friend ? if i ... ( thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's mentor , thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's mentor , thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's mentor ) it's not working . eff it . we missed you too ! i was wondering why you'd been so quiet ;-) thanks for that , it helps . if he were a friend , i suppose it'd be easier to have a live-and-let-live approach . as a mentor , the leaping without looking is hard to respect . and when it impacts my ... sigh . mentor is most definitely , absolutely an isfp , not an infp . 25 years , thousands of hours in his presence . , and so many interactions that affirmed ' infp ' ... how did i get it so wrong ? ? ? ... are first-person narratives , with blushes , etc . okay ? asking for a friend . : tongue : well , i'm off to the tattoo parlor now , gonna get that wisdom inscribed on my eyelids . truth . utterly terrifying ! i suspect several of us here are secretly hoping you figure out the ' be yourself ' thing earlier than we did , so you can get to the groove / flow / joy / self-satisfaction part sooner ... now that is perspective ! i just shared emotions and my soul ... it's not like i showed up in the bar in a towel and created a need for eye bleach . whew , thanks for that . feeling much better now ! what the what was that that i just watched ? ? ? i think you're both right :-) and i thank you for the clarity i lacked ! it is ridiculous , full stop . lilysocks knows me well enough to know when i need a sharp smack in the face to get back to ... yes , that feeling of being violated by your own actions creates a dissonance that's annoying to say the least . but a mentor generally possess that good grace you mention , i'm counting on getting a ... criminetly and for the love of dog , another coin dropped in therese's brain . mentor may actually be an isfp , not an infp . i truly can't tell . i've only known him for 25 years . i'm a little slow on ... i expectorated my real self all over my mentor yesterday . an hour and a half in a bar ( i had only one drink , so it wasn't the gin talking ) . who i am , what drives me , what matters to me . i ... i've read through this entire thread , and i'm struck with the thought that you're pursuing the wrong goal . i'm probably way off base , but i've been around the block , especially with regards to ... my daughter is a tax evader . sitting in the pharmacy drive through ... how was school today dear ? i guess they're studying the american revolution because she tells me she's a freedom fighter and ... oh that's awesome ! ! broadly speaking , you came up with what i consider the perfect gift : something useful and slightly indulgent , that shows the giver spent time thinking about me .  ... mil is my mother-in-law . she's really quite sane , but has parkinsons . she perseverates on ideas and doesn't respond to logic . ( she used to , to some degree , unlike many of the people who usually ... wait what ? i'm thoroughly confuddled now . '