' intj ( favorite ) . then somewhat xntp . in the latter case , i would like to have an ambivert . yeah , for sure it's one of the best places in the world when you want to find some peace time . but believe me , i can't imagine spending longer than necessary there since i have to share this ... no , but i know a few who would do that . then i know that i have to wait * damn it * ... the ones i know are istj , intj , infj & esfj ( although the latter one is an exception ) . yes , most of them are introverts & have eclectic interests beside school subjects . but those come in handy as ... breakfast cereals ( time doesn't play a role ) . or something sweet . how can i trust someone if i don't respect them ? but it doesn't work vice versa . trust must come with respect . but i can respect someone without trusting them . the clouds going away . it's a really dark & rainy summer this year . very depressing . yeah , mental abuse of the finest sort are the worst . the most dangerous ones are done in a subtle way - therefore , nobody knows what normal is & you even don't recognized that you're mentally ... that's very interesting - my mother is an unhealthy isfp as well & i could observe everything you've described . though my father isn't one but somehow he doesn't seem to be healthy either . is it ... xd now i have to think of the following scene ( sorry , for the bad quality but couldn't find a better one at once ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQpcEfZb8EE although here , we have a big ... i've never met one of them who was in a lower class , so i can't tell ... i can assure you that this would never happen ( though i know one ought not to say never ever ) . normally , an inner voice ... they're really cool ! :D i know several ones irl . one of them is my brother who i really adore ( & vice versa ) :) we always understand what the other is thinking of & can even finish our sentences ... haha , otherwise it would be a horror-trip ! :D although an adrenaline-filled adventure would be cool ... guess , you misunderstood me . what i was stressing out before was that having empathy in certain circumstances is crucial . it wasn't intended to say that fe works in general that way - everyone , no ... sounds like you like horror movies / trips xd dunno , but from where i'm coming from there are only ones that are called apres ski party ... don't think that this is something you've had in mind ... yes , here i don't think it's a gender-specific matter but something ( as you've mentioned later on ) emotional intelligence . it's really sad that eq ( emotional quotient ) / ei is oftentimes overlooked ... haha , that would be nice ! ^ ^ i really can't understand why many around me love summer & beach parties . too many on a spot . and the hot temperature - totally unbearable . where are the sciences ? ? quite interesting . i'm as a girl have repressed my fe because of upbringing . science , math & technology in general were stressed out in the past non-stop ; so there was no place & time for fe . ok , the ... somewhere in northern sweden . northern canada would be fine with me , too . or sibiria . now i'm wondering if i'm afraid of people when looking at the regions listed ... as goldfoxx has already said it's impossible to change our whole society . although i oftentimes understand and even sympathize with the counterculture or iconoclasts in general , i'm sure that those ... could be . it's often said that the tertiary function is developed later in life ( although i think that it's not quantifiable anyway ) . but yes , then it's somehow the useful combo of ni + ti behind ... woah , there are really many infjs in the computer sciences . is that really only because of intuition ? going to major in cognitive science and later want to do sth with ai . haven't read the ones before , so i only write from my perspective . yes , it always happens . time after time . really , it's only a question of when i'll find excuses for the persons in my head and ... have never dyed my hair so far . i want them to be natural because i think that everyone's hair colour is in its natural state the best looking . well , i'm only really concerned about my clothes ... oh , i have a few mantras : destiny is for losers . it's just a stupid excuse to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen . by blair waldorf ( because i think that taking ... could be one of the reasons ( because that would mean that later in your upbringing they haven't given you a hug ) . when was the first time you realized that hugging was uncomfortable for you ? i ... not to offend any of you but that is the scariest thing because others around you don't know what's going on , it seems to be very volatile - and scary . well , the ones i've encountered are like this ... are you used to hugging people in your childhood ? my parents never really hugged me when i was a child - since then physical contact has always been kind of uncomfortable for me ... touché , those words could have been said by me ... o . o would have chosen rainbow too , but - damn it ! ! - it's not listed ... > . < well , thought of pink in all shades . bright ones for the bold character to light rose ; the well-known rose-coloured glasses ... what about trying to focus on yourself instead of ( always ) caring about what they're thinking ? there have been periods when my mind was always occupied with thoughts about what i said to certain ... well , when it comes to romantic realtionships i can't imagine something beside intx . but i've voted for intj ( sorry intps ) . hmm , platonic ones ... mostly they're nfs . are you serious ? i mean telling it others why you behaved what way ? ? i use mbti to understand what makes me tick and to come to insight how to improve myself . although i know that everyone is ... chocolate ice cream with almonds on a rainy , grey day . what a weird combo ... oh god , it's so creepy to think back of it ... * please please please stop it * no joking . :D yes , it can be annoying sometimes ( my friends call me senior magnet :d ry :) but i make sure to remain ... some kind of quirky / geeky - the mysterious one no one really knows about ... o . o * hugging back * that's great to hear ! :) boo from monsters , inc . oh dear , it really sounds miserable . sorry , didn't intend to make things worse . what i can tell you is : get out . get out of this mess for a while . get out and see some friends . and not just ... yes , it makes total sense to me now . and no , you aren't rambling , ace face ; it's very helpful . :) sorry , that i'm bombarding you with questions ^ ^ , but after reading what you've written , something ... face : thanks for clearing this . one is never too old for getting new insights . :) but i still have a question : you've said that fi & te come as a package . what about people who are fi / te ... haha , welcome to the club . i not only arrange my books , but also my clothes ( i call it rainbow-colour-order ) and even when i'm eating little cookies / cereals , i select the smallest ones and go ... hell yeah , it took me months to get my letters right ( i'm an enfp btw ) ... at first , i always got infj . there were so many things i could relate to like being misunderstood , having a close ... although it seems to be a paradox , in those times it would be helpful if you approach her and get her out . yes , she's the extravert but in those times i as an enfp get very reclusive - of course , i ... in my case , it helps if i get all the things that spin around in my head out : if it's very personal , i write it down . otherwise i need someone i trust to talk about what's on my mind . after that i ... intj the mastermind you scored 25 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 100 f versus t , and 100 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the mastermind . as a romantic partner , this type can be ... l was my fav . and after him - i guess mellow , too . near was more cold-hearted than l ( if that is possible ... ) . on the other side , i could understand why mellow behaved the way he did . he was indeed ... maybe you aren't trusting them completely ? not sure , there are a few things i don't tell / share with my friends and i don't feel bad about it . i just want to wait for the right moment to reveal ... '