' not all intj's are direct . those disregard society entirely . there are others who see the importance in putting up a mask . online test don't exactly posses 100 % reliability , and personalities are not fixed . you may posses traits of one personality and yet one of another . i sometimes get intp as well . number 2 . i'll keep myself at home while watching hilarious video / movies . always works . fiction for emotional entertainment . non-fiction for intellectual entertainment . congratulations . you're another day closer to death . : laughing : we're only considered as old man because there is nothing older . with intj's philosophical inclination , it's not a surprise . really . it all boils down to definition . and definition is determined by society . if you agree that you are damaged at the core , you are controlled by society . i ) emotional human-related problems ii ) psychological problems iii ) existential depression despair . i'll love to see how problem-solving skills come in handy here . use the standard model unless given . i can get really worked up in bed . and anxious . this is absolutely correct . because of the complexity , translation is tremendously difficult . if i was an ipo ( input-process-output ) machine , input and process will be at 100 % efficiency , while ... that's pretty normal . psychologically . society is a sensitive bunch . say something out of the norm and you'll get bashed with a cookie jar . comprehend what fits and what doesn't . your experience of annoying people 90 % of the time ... i'm actually more interested how can you know about the person's true intentions . to illustrate an example , i'll use unknowns here . assuming that a does action a , and through it , illustrates his ... humans . humans . humans . always . or you'll end up as the bullies favorite punch bag . a sad yet awesome existence really . logically , no . emotionally , yes . well that depends . everyone has some narcissism in them , otherwise you will be considered psychologically ill . it's the occasional sense of superiority . nothing wrong with it . but of course that ... people don't impress me , their ideas does . sometimes even someone stupid may come out with something worthwhile , you'll never know . i think evil , do good . it's more like the projection of self-confidence towards external organisms . one of my best friends is an istj . it's great if you want your ideas to have a reality check and reconfirming anything factual . they are memory freaks . the narrow-mindedness and stubbornness is ... lol . this is epic . thanks . people understand themselves , to a certain degree , or at least they think that they do . misunderstanding can come in 2 ways , words or action . a man's meat is another man's poison , this idiom ... poetry with deep philosophical meaning are the best . deep , dark , expressing and yet hidden under the words . much better than conversations . horrendous . and yet artistically beautiful . : tongue : the ability to misunderstand my thoughts ( linear-minded people ) = > these people should receive a nobel prize . close-minded people = > talks about possibilities and they'll tell you : that's ... winning is a nice feeling . but being the underdog and yet surprising everyone by winning is an even better feeling . : happy : yep . people find me insane . at least you'll have a friend outside the head . great at sc2 only when my mood is good . tend to get bored after a few matches . currently playing civ v . : happy : since you've already said about the pros , i'll say about the cons cons : too awesome = > you piss everyone off . psychological stress = > you go insane and start chatting about the weather with your ... nature vs nurture . nuff said . computer games flash games knights of the old republic starcraft ii crysis mass effect mass effect 2 others chess beauty = eye candy intelligence = brain candy gryffindor - 72 ravenclaw - 92 hufflepuff - 60 slytherin - 71 seems right to me . description is surprisingly short as compared to the number of questions . my obsessions usually last a few months . one of my current obsessions is to google every single word unknown to me . my last obsession is everything related to physics , still is now though ... be happy . if there were so many nt intellectuals you won't be so smart anymore . hands-on is definitely better . when reading a book you are essentially looking at the perception of the author concerning that particular subject . hands-on allows personal perception . social norms and fear of rejection . it's not about how the world views intjs , it's about how the world views the mask the intj puts on . understanding . boredom . diversity . the more you think , the worse it gets . the worse it gets , the more depressed you become . as a general rule , most nt's have one problem or another . as an intj , i have terrible existential and psychological problems to deal with daily , though i sometimes take pride in my solitude ... i get that a lot too . a kind of psychological defense , since humans in general do no like having the overwhelmed / helpless feeling . find a way to live . reminds me of guilty until proven innocent . are you ambitious and perfectionistic to a high degree ? if yes , you're most probably intj . i'm on it under an alias but it's really a waste of time , you get people moaning and whining all about their pathetic ' problems ' . you require additional pylons . ya right . '