' hugs to you too baby blue me ! ! ! : tongue : i realize i'm a girl but i can so relate to this ! i spent such a big amount of time ( about 3 years i think ) having no interest in any guy i met that i actually thought i was lesbian . and i wasn't . am ... it's not embarrassing , i do nothing all the time ! this very weekend i did nothing , it was great ! yeah , me too , i'm usually excited about going , even if it's just a meeting with my research group or watching class , i'm very excitable ! now , if it's something too boring , like picking some one up , i ... i get the impression that nt's usually don't want to be anything other than what they are , must be a nice feeling :) oh wow , very unexpected . i didn't give istj a second guess cause i never met one and sort of imagine them all robotic and more uptight , super collected people , which is probably stereotypical . but i ... i've been trying to type my mom forever without any success , she refuses to take the test and i'm not that good of a typer . here's what i got : exi : very talkative and charismatic even with ... haha i think this doesn't make new yorkers look good ! maybe she was mute or doesn't understand english , it would be her only possible excuses ... he might sound intuitive , but that's due to the things his nf mom taught him . regardless of is low iq , which shouldn't even be mentioned as it doesn't change anything , he's an obvious sp , ( i just ... it's true ! usually along the lines of sweet , fruity , has a bright color and comes with an umbrella :D you know , now that i think about it , my intj friend ( a very typical one ) , is never annoyed with my questions , no matter how numerous and / or dumb they are , so maybe it's just a irrational fear . they ... i love invading , but i confess i'm always a bit scared of what the nt's reaction might be haha oh i don't like cutting people off at all ! i don't know if i have a serious case of clinginess or what , but i hold on until the last minute , and even then i'll be hoping the person will come back ... oh you're sweet :) probably the nf thing , we're very confusing people :) i'm always acting , and it's almost involuntary . hard habit to brake , right ? lol ! i have no idea what would be stimulating for him , except for video games , which he already owns , several of them . i tell you , intx ( i'm leaning toward p now ) + being a boy + being a rich ( like , ... i'm 21 . i don't want to bother him and i don't expect him to show affection , just win his trust enough to watch tv or something . my mom was saying that it's been 6 years and she doesn't feel like an ... okay so six years ago , my uncle married this woman who had a son , he's 12 now . i'm pretty sure he's either an intj or an intp , and he just won't let us get close . he's affectionate with his close ... the first one is more associated with extroversion , the third one with judging , and the second and forth ones aren't even related to type . that movie is amaaazing ! i can't believe it didn't get an oscar . forest gump is my favorite one right now . i also like anything by tarantino , woody allen and from disney :) uuh i loved 12 years a slave and le mis ! brasil :D i've never met an enfp , i don't even know if i would recognize one , since the only references i have are myself and a disney character hahaha i forgive you based on the black keys mention :D yaay i love talking about songs :D dd will try my best to do a nice list ( no promisses though ): 1 ) talk on indolence - the avett brothers 2 ) for once in my life - steeevie <3 3 ) days like ... hahaha you're good ! uuuuh i found it now :D oh my gosh just decided i want to write something on my wrist ! ! ! i'm excited ! ! ! but i don't know what , i need help deciding on a small frase ... it doesn't , i'll try to explain the best i can . i'm not saying thinkers are douchebags or immature or inconsiderate or any of the dealbreaker traits that are unrelated to type in my opinion , what ... i think people from the same type can be very different from each other , so it's hard to say that type works , i'll bet that there's a few enfps douchebags out there , cause honestly , douchebags are ... that i'm so very glad that i'm a feeler , even if i'm a flawed one . there's a very renowned brazilian author who i always loved and her stories always got me so awed , but also confused and even scared , and i just realized she's an obvious enfp ... or maybe infp but ... hahaha nice , i like people who don't bother with fake modesty , i'm smart too ;) very smart , i like it ! i think i need an useful ex too ! ! interesting idea . didn't you feel pressured , like damn , i said that i'll do that once and now the note keeps staring at me and then guilty for not doing what the note said ? welcome :) i think is the only way around it . very unfortunate that my idea time is around 4 am haha hmmm i have been hearing a lot about this my little pony thing after i joined perc ... sounds epidemic , whatever it is ! must check it out ! i usually oscillate from very vague to telling all my secrets in graphic detail hahah i am , sometimes it makes me wonder if i'm a feeler at all cause i don't have a super expressive face and i don't go hugging and crying at movies and stuff like that haha i think i'm a flawed feeler ... oh my gosh it's awful ! i have all this brilliant ideas in the middle of the night , can't even sleep because i'm too excited thinking and rethinking and planning how i'll do them all , and then it's ... hahaha when i first watched it , i haven't even heard of mbti yet and sort of assumed everyone was similar to me on the inside , so i thought she was a very realistic character hahahah when will my ... i'm friend with an intj so i'm pretty sure i've passed some intelligence test there haha it's the enfp descriptions that sort of give this vibe of being superficial and random , i wonder if maybe ... i mean , i like shiny things but i also worry about the environment , politics , science , literature ... first they think ooh a silly little girl , how cute ! and then ok , she's got some substance in there . and last guess she's not so silly after all ... it's nice how i can see all these ... do other types think of us as brainless ? i get that vibe from the profiles , that we're a bit futile and maybe not very smart , i wonder if that's something we're seen as ... is this for real ? i don't wanna be mean but ever thought of people who are physically incapable of driving or people who simply don't have the money to afford it ? hmmm not just anger , frustration does that to me , when something was supposed to go a certain , often idealized way , and then it goes wrong and i start to rationalize it in a way that's logical but ... never heard of such a principle . and i know an awful lot of principles ;) no way , clothes are so much fun :D from what i've seen , pretty much , yeah '