not necessarily . of course there is a correlation . i thought my mother was a p for some time due to the fact that she has adhd . however , her preference and base psychological behaviour is to be ... certainly . haha you know , i was just about to put up my own thread about my own struggles very much like yours . if you can't talk with the date you're with , then give them up . what's the point of keeping up ... my eyes shot right down to ' meh . procrastinate ' and shot straight for it . multitasking ? me ? no way . one little noise can set my brain zooming off and away from whatever i was focusing on . the last time i felt truly happy was watching the documentary about the neutrinos . i fapped right after , true story . sorry haha . i tend to get caught up with discussions . for the voice , yes i do get what you're saying . but judging fe and fi betwen intj and intp is like discerning the difference between sugar and salt without tasting . i have a monotone , but does that ... as emerson said , our functions really do clash so issues are inevitable . however in a business environment , i believe intj and intp will make the perfect team , with intj executing the plans and ... seems intp enough . i think you're settled . i find zuckerberg to be relatively expressive in terms of the upper half of his face and his eyes , of course not as much as bill gates , but he's just one other intp . needless to say , i cannot base ... dude , intps always looks pissed as well . that's because of the feeble fe function and can look very similar to even a dominant fi function . if you have the goofiest grin on your face , likely you'll ... oh god , yet another mistake of ~ which letter am i ? ~ intjs and intps are very different . please read this article i wrote about mark zuckerberg : mbti misconceptions , mark zuckerberg - intj or ... quantum / astro / theoretical physics . i actually have close-orgasms when studying these . yeah . it makes me feel severely nauseous and feel like i've got hives all over me that i start scratching until i bleed . tasty . well , some people tolerate patterns and dots fine . hence it's ... why do you want to trust people ? you've been through that experience of being hurt by your family , and almost every person has a sinner in them and some form of selfishness . i prefer not to trust ... not sure if this has anything to do with being an intp , but i'm quite sensitive to visually overwhelming things such as continuous patterns . stuff like bone marrow and dots and holes . i think it's ... i find most sjs tolerable to the extent , until they start clinging onto you . they make great servants , but their thought processes are just a no-go for me when i want to ramble . i truly wish i had one . it would make life so much more compelling . so what if we don't have facebook ? * * and that we have absolutely no desire to get one as it is pointless , badly structured and certainly not intp haven ? i'm a professional and freelance artist . my inspirations usually come from browsing other concept art , then my own imagination kicks in and warps it completely with the addition of my ... laziness and apathy . something that tends to be general amongst intps . hardly self-deprecating here . i'm a charming individual and people have said that they like how i look and wouldn't mind a fling here or there , my brains and arrogant personality add to the appeal ... not surprising that sherlock holmes has some fellow fans of intps . i also go for tdk version of joker . any character who's an unorthodox genius . i wear black suits and black shirts and mostly anything without a trace of hue . i dress good and have been told it . fuck the stereotype . the funny thing is , you probably don't know that you're conversing with an intp woman . she'll either not be talking to you anyway ( unless you bring up a complex subject involving quantum mechanics ...