' being an f is entirely possible for you . i come across as a thinker but that's because my fi can make me come across as insensitive ;/ i hated kissing my relatives or helping everyone all the time ... that's true but i just wanted to see what infp's thought about it - considering fi is our main function and we have strong values and beliefs . that's the spirit hoho :D ooh yeah ! it's just that i find it hard to talk to strangers but i'm very opinionated and direct with my friends . hehe . you should see my istp brother's room . ikr xd istp fits as well . * sighs * smiling titan for worst . just wondering , what are your thoughts on gay marriage ? i'm straight but i believe that everyone should be with who they love ! you have the right to not be comfortable gay marriage but please do not ... nah . hitch was the worst . what type do you think levi is then ? i'm thinking istj . haha , i still see eren using fi over fe . well eren is arguably the most hard to type ;D i'm seeing istj c ' ; i'm really big on being unique and all but really , everyone is unique . i'm an infp but i don't let 4 letters define me . i'm more than just that . i have a istj friend who is ... i used to think eren was an enfj but he lately i've been thinking isfp . he seems to fit in with the functions . fi-se-ni-te . don't ever cheat on an infp . you need to make them feel secure , loved and not argue with them often . criticizing them is not the way to go for most of us . we will cry or murder you . but really , ... armin's not your typical kind of brave . totally agree with the fact that eren's bravery slants towards stupidity . annie could be an infp . she seems to have fi but i always saw her as a ti dominant ... ixfp . i'm leaning towards isfp by quite a lot though . i cannot see fe over fi in you whatsoever . by how you answered , all i see is extreme fi . good luck on finding your true type ! i saw annie as an intp but i'm still not very sure . armin is portrayed as having fe in all the wiki descriptions but he fights for what he feels is right . i personally think armin is one of the ... i feel like voicing my opinion is a crime to others sometimes ... i feel like armin has fi over fe . just me ? remember how armin dealt with his bullies ... he could totally be an infj but i see infp being more likely . english , history & design <3 not old enough to do psychology but super interested ! quick to forgive , impossible to forget . main group : enfp , istj , estj , esfp , istp , estp other friends : enfp , istj x2 , infp , istp , isfj ( there was an esfj who kinda left ) reading , writing , drawing , a nice coffee , making new flavour combinations , dreaming , eating , mysteries , things that restore your faith in humanity , a nice chat with someone close and inspiring things ... used bookshops . i'm the same as well - except for when i'm with my close friends . i was in the same class as someone for all my subjects and only 10 weeks later she realised ... honestly ! no one listens to my opinion ... slytherin ... <3 snake infp c ' ; estj dad . we argue a lot but in the end , he's the best dad ever :D what about cannibals ? ; o ; totally agree :D just wanted to know what you guys thought ... i guess most infp's are really against it but i'm actually for it - but only in exceptional circumstances . if you want to know what i mean for that then ... memories by grandrodeo ; v ; hmm ... maybe do your functions ? you fit both and it's a matter of finding out whether you have si or fe . i've seen other thread with the same topic but i kinda want to start fresh ~ these are my guesses ... chrom : enfj robin : intj lissa : enfp frederick : istj emmeryn : infj sully : estp i've got to agree with the other members , hermione is definitely uses te . i've always typed her as an estj . i can't see her being an infj whatsoever . azure existence breathless nebula galaxy sky cerulean chalk raven translucent i think benedict played him really well and in the movie , he was no doubt an intx but in real life , i'm guessing he was an istp because he wasn't actually eccentric etc ... well hi ... <3 i recently got typed as an infp and the description quite suits me . so anyways , i see most infp's as people more prone to insomnia . i was wondering if this was true ( i have a feeling ... akashi's so handsome as well ~ ~ <3 33 eeehhh ! ~ he's seems to be more of an intj for me . well definitely a tj . i can't see him as an extrovert but he is a good leader . akashi seems like he needs his ... i can see that . okay then he's an estp . i read somewhere he was an esfp and it was so ... and they said kise was a t ? ! to start off with ... this is not the actual people ( unless you want to list that down ) but how the movie represents them . alan : intp some people say he's an istp and i'm like . _ . joan : enfp ( ? ) ... tony abbott : estj ( ? ) clive palmer is asshole . an even bigger asshole than tony who is a pretty big one xd eren : enfx mikasa : no way a feeler . istj . armin : infx . most likely a j ... levi : intj erwin : entj ( ? ? ? ) jean : estj sasha : enfp connie : esfp marco : isfp akashi intj does anyone else think maya fey could be an enfp ? you'll have to give us more of an idea of how your parent act before others can give more accurate response ... like we're guesstimating here . you're probably in a family of infinitives ... cool family ... i've heard he was an infj but judging by everyone else's response , i would say that the source i read it from was inaccurate . he seems more like go with your gut ! ' though heh heh i'm too lazy ¬ . ¬ well i care on making an good imapct on this world but i've thought about destroying it as well haha c ; thank you for your detailed description . it actually helped me quite a lot , as i've been ... i'm sure i'm an i . thank you for your help . i've gotten infp in nearly every test i've done nowadays i'v done 40 in total . _ . ) '