' einstein is an alpha nt all the way . most likely lii-ne subtype since ni is 4d and strenghtened . gamma is so off esfjs are one of the best people and i love them :) ) ) intuitives like to rant about how annoying sensors ( esp sjs ) are and how judgemental and narrow-minded they can be . i have an esfj mother and ... your teacher is great ! :p roud : when i was little i hated math with passion but now it's one of my favourite subjects despite the fact that i have zero natural talent in the field . i do believe that ... i think my friend is mad at me and it's a terrible feeling : crying : . it's like i am back in middle school and the other girls are ignoring my efforts to be their friend and are making fun of me behind ... welcome to the forum :) ) hope you like it here : kitteh : i just wanted to ask you why does infj makes more sense to you than infp ? perhaps you could be an enfj ? i don't even have a drawer near my bed ( if i had one it would be filled with useless items for which i can't find a better place ) i can't go to bed without doing my complete skin care routine which ... my sister is an entp who loves makeup and fashion but she also has a really strong personallity and isn't one of those annoying girls who only talk about hairstyles and romantic comedies . i as a ... great poetry , i like the perfect choice of the night as a symbol not only because of its mystical allure but also because it's the only time when the beloved entj isn't busy with work activities and ... i idealize people to the extent where i don't want to get close to them just because the perfet imagery in my head will be ruined by the viciousness of human nature . it's a very unhealthy outlook on ... for me kindness isn't all about helping the poor or engaiging in charities . it's about the daily interactions with those around you . a person deserves to be treated with kindness and fairness so if i ... interesting to see that there are many infps drawn to nt types . whenever i meet one i can tell because the conversation flows easily and their witty sense of humour shines through . some of the intps ... my reaction to this thread : https://68.media.tumblr.com/84efc45fb6ab78810033ea122e95a1ac/tumblr_inline_oo8shmPhsC1tmokms_1280.jpg but it's fine if you find the topic relevant i'm not judging you . its hard to choose just one i want to be the human equivalent of this colour : http://www.wonderlicht.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/pt6.jpg on good days i am : ... i don't get into physical fights . i passively aggresively attack my enemies when they last expect it . bullied and been a bully . bullying has a lot to do with certain group behaviours where each member has it's own status which could be a source of pride and respect from other group members . it is a ... that's why it is so disturbing . https://68.media.tumblr.com/f23e9e24a5ef1a3ba31d5facce9a290c/tumblr_opa9xjpkXG1qfanm5o1_540.jpg both are high fliers in my opinion . they just seem to head in different directions . based on type prejudices , the entp is more likely to end up working in a prestigious field . nevermind , i had funnn :) ) everyone was dancing except for me until the whole group dared me to try this crazy alcohol on fire thing . two sips later i was having my star moment dancing on the table ... i have to go to my bestfriend's birthday party and i don't want to do it but i can't say no :( ( ( also i don't want to disappoint her but i am pretty sure that she'll be fine without me ... it's going ... i love the idea that your name could refer to your character and it is a very important part of your identity :) when i had to get a passport they had to write my name in latin letters and my name is ... i can't stand being near people who tell me that true love doesn't exist ! i'd much rather live in my own reality where humans are pure and their feelings are genuine . what would make you approach someone for a friendship / relationship ? how do you consider someone interesting ? you need to undestand that suffering in silence isn't the answer to your problems . dare to speak up and seek help . two years from now you may find yourself in a better place , thankful for showing ... i am not an entp but i happen to have an entp brother and we are pretty close :) he is usually very lively and energetic and his sense of humour is amazing . my sister is also an entp ( both have taken ... yes i have and it is my best friend actually . treating all humans equally despite any bias is very dear to me so this makes social issues such as racism very important to me while my friend has those ... lol at this thread but i just had to . as many have already pointed out physical attractivness has nothing to do with the mbti . however , i notice that nt types are compared to xsxp types which are ... not surprised at all :/ i don't know why but even as an infp who is interested in biology and chemistry i wouldn't pursue a career in medicine or pharmacology . i hate the health system where the ... no but i am pretty sure my brain is realllyyy fcked up this cute chubby seal is far better spreading loveee than sending question marks :( ( ( please end already ... slightly disappointed that it wasn't something gross / offensive i consider this sexy lol anyways , thanks istjs for being there to do all the uncool stuff which has to be done . you still seem to score pretty high on the income charts compared to other types so ... i love abandoned places . pyramiden in svalbard , norway https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/Pyramiden_july2011_9.jpg/1024px-Pyramiden_july2011_9.jpg ... whenever i was at the toy store and had to pick only one toy instead of being happy with my new toy i just felt bad for the other toys alone in the cold toy store at night with nobody to love them ... family members take advantage of me because i can't say no poor lost souls who come to intps in search of support . this is a serious thread , no mocking of people and their problems this should have been written in big red letters : rolling : jk intps ... persephone guys i am facing a dilemma ( in fact i don't know what to call it ) . i have to write this essay for a contest and i am a terrible writer but somehow last year my essay was awarded . the thing is that ... i love intjs because if you admit that you like them they just don't seem to give a fuck at first but after some time they get really confused and awkward which is cute . i always end up crushing on ... more like if you don't pick your passion as your job , you'll end up hating your job just give it a try ! if it doesn't work out then you could always study something different . a friend of mine is ... i associate different songs with colours as well as seasons but i think that most people are like that . on the topic of music when i studied in music school we were taught to associate major and ... you got me confused and i had to reread fe / fi differences and redo the cognitive functions test online ( not that it is the most accurate ) . i score the highest on fi and fe is my third highest one so ... wintersflame thanks for putting your time into analysing my long post as well as those of others . you almost guessed me :) i am an infp but i have scored as an infj before . your understanding of the ... im not an intp but i live with two of you guys and one lies to me in the face every single day . the male one this seems cool to try 1 . something you hate hatred / discrmination for a specific ethnic group , xenophobia , sexism , addictions , rape culture , religious discrimination , rapists pedophiles ... these are so cute ^ ^ did you also draw your avatar ? the styles are pretty really similar the guy seems like a modern version of the little prince :) is he from africa bc it is coloured in yellow ? ... i was also wondring about the true meaning behind some questions but it could be because i am not familiar enough with all the functions . anyways , the test was quite accurate since while i was ... i just wish i won't feel any pain and that i continue to exist as a ghost : ghost : infp do you write them in order ? thats what we are advised to do at school but i recently noticed that if i start from the justification for example and then i just kind of put them in the ... '