' i'm not denying that it's natural i'm simply stating that it's not necessary which most parents and kids think it is very necessary to try and make their fathers or mothers proud before doing what ... i'd say it's strict parenting , not exactly love by definition . they have become so oppressed for such a long time by their own parents and had such ridiculous subjectivity drilled and literally ... yes i do , but that's not my point . my point is setting high standards for your own child to achieve and if they don't exactly achieve them then you disown them as your own or feel ashamed and ... i could empathize with that , sure . i'd have to disagree with last statement , well at least for the older generation . i remember my mom telling me that i don't care if my mother beat me , didn't take care of me , cursed at me , and came ... let's look at the synonyms here then ; arrogance , haughtiness , vanity , conceit , glory , boast , any of these terms are rarely used in a good or optimistic manner towards another person ( except for maybe ... i don't think it's anyones place to exactly decide what a bad value is . for all we know that person could feel eating cake at 10:30 pm on a sunday is a bad value . let's look at the definition of pride , a feeling or deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements , the achievements of those with whom one is closely associated , or from ... while that's good and all , don't you think that this validation should be more subjective than a necessity that you should spend your entire life trying to work towards ? if a parent doesn't ... you know that scene in movies and books where the father / father-figure says , x93ix92m proud of youx 94 for the first time and itx 92s supposed to be this big emotionally powerful moment of release , where the ... it doesn't matter , it's just something i've been noticing a lot lately . especially when thewickedqueen was having the debate with the retired entp pages ago ( pun intended ) and everyone was very biased ... i understand the psycho guy part , but it seems as if you almost want everything we say to be sugar coated or fawning towards how great / good the esfj is . because as i am going through these pages i'm ... to me it's as simple as getting off your ass and doing what you want to do . i'm only lazy towards other peoples wishes , like if someone told me to do something for them i may be slow to act , if it's ... i'm a boxer so naturally i have to run everyday , as soon as i wake up in the morning i do 100 push ups and 100 sit ups , then after that 2 hours of rigorous exercise , rest for 1 then off to the gym ... those kids are idiots , so therefore i can't help be apathetic towards something like this . everything they say means absolutely nothing , they aren't worth a neuron firing . i've always seen that kid as a kind of immature esfp rather than an immature esfj , but i guess the esfj is a little more prone to gossip . * scratches head * ok so you dug your information from a different source than i did , how is this information more accurate than 90 % of other sources ( irony ) which all state a different percentile ? ... letx 92s not make fun of anything , ever ! letx 92s just be full of infinite compromise and understanding . why did the chicken cross the road ? hey , man , thatx 92s pretty narrow minded ! not all ... actually that's the best way , studying up on the functions and typing people yourself instead of relying on confusing online test , it'd make sense for sj's to be at least the majority of the ... same functions , all in a different order and used in a different way , just how an entj and an estj use their top two functions differently than each other , the infj / infp and esfj's are no different . that article pretty much raises the exact same points that i made , but it seems as though just because that's from an official source and because mine isn't that my point is apparently skewed and ... it appears so , seeing as how the infj and infp usually have a hard time finding themselves being outcast and all . that article pretty much sums up what i was trying to say . well most of this is based on keirsey's theories and also jung's mixed in with a little bit of my own analysis by reading the news and observing the people around me , and i am not certain but i think ... i don't believe the esfj is hated by all types , and i believe that there are certain type of esfj's that are hated which are mainly the strict illogical mother's who tell you that you can't go to ... ok yeah , i agree with you to an extent . every type sort of has their own individual way of raising their kids , the esfj is no differet , so that being said , it's pretty easy to decipher an mbti type ... i was waiting for someone to misinterpret my post , i'm not implying anything i'm simply pointing out what each temperament represents and why they are hated , not why they should be hated , if the nt's ... actually it is , if you read through and have a thorough understanding of all the functions you could easily distinguish an fe dom user from an fi dom user , it's not as impossible as you'd like to ... no actually morality is the problem , people trying to force their traditions and beliefs on other people thinking it will help us reach some kind of utopian society when in actuality it's creating ... see , it seems you guys are looking more at the first 4 letters rather than the cognitive functions themselves , a well developed ti helps because it is basically the process of breaking down every ... exactly . nobody want's to deal with their own negative qualities when it's being directed towards them , so of course they hate it . the thing is esfj's and the whole sj temperament make up half of ... with the help of a well developed ti function , it's pretty easy to determine . my avatar is john constantine from dc's hellblazer comics , he's a con-artist , magician and anti-hero . he was created by alan moore , steve bissete and john totleben . the reason i like this character ... wait , took me a while to figure out who they were 8/ 10 here's a video i found to back my previous point . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj0WUtgEN04&list=UUCzXaeRS9HFClFxcJS9VNKg& index = 8 & feature =p lcp you completely twisted my words , by double standard i was referring to the you're supposed to call a woman beautiful . logic simply because she feels insecure that she's underweight ? notice the key ... 10/10 for fuck da polis . yes i did , even the dead ones . no you did not just diss john constantine . 4/10 for dullness . that awkward feeling were you didn't have an intro , welcome . 6/10 , ok it's pretty funny . so lately i've been trying to decide what majors to go for in college , at first i thought engineering was what i wanted to do , then i figured i was more of a scientist than anything . i've been ... when i saw the thread title disorder trends i thought that you were going to refer how whiny teens fake disorders to fit in . most nt's find dealing with esfj's unsettling because when it comes to solutions , problem solving , or any task that involves logic or critical thinking . they are completely devoid of it in favor of ... yes , actually that was kind of my goal from the start , public education and how these schools force you to learn through rote memorization , i wanted to see what people thought of education in terms ... legend has it that once born a dumb ass , there is nothing you could do but accept your fate as a dumb ass . it seems you actually have knowledge and intelligence entirely mixed up , education can ... if a female told you she wanted take birth control to gain weight , you were probably supposed to say she is beautiful as she is . that's what i was referring to . yeah i know exactly what you mean ... this wasn't really me criticizing her though this was more of her misinterpreting a joke as a critique of her character . anyway , this thread has pretty much been rendered useless anyway , and it has been for a while now seeing as how we made up and she then yet again admitted to taking the situation a bit too serious . i ... '