' never mind . your brain doesn't ever change - - it's simple neurology . your personality is your individual expression of who you are , and yes that can change quicker than the weather . it's a great ... people that think their type changes . ever . again , i can't reiterate this enough , it's a complete misunderstanding of jungian type theory that results in the issues you brought up ; you would be surprised how much jung himself supported the ... audrey : your avatar is full of win . that is all . moral decay . a-freaking-men . it's like this for me at home , work ... etc imagine the relationship between and intp / esfj . :P noxchi : very glad to hear that your relationship is the bomb diggity lol . especially considering the difference in intuitives and sensates ; however , i can see how it'd work , in your case . the np / sp ... yeah , i agree . i would have posted a similar message myself but i've seen that many people have covered it before me , lol . i love the former two . i don't know how an intp can dislike them . okay , some infjs who are unhealthy tend to just advocate for the opposing argument just to be argumentative , and then refuse to ... i feel you , but i care much more about her being happy with life than with my little world . i can just go home and hop on the pc , forget about life , and wake up tomorrow wishing i can find another ... no no no , i get you completely . i was having a conversation like that today , but it ended the opposite ... she left , and i was alone in a large , empty room devoid of sound and cold . a haunting ... i like one-on-one dynamics . depending on who you're with and the situation , you can set the tone . if you know the person you're with well enough , you know what kind of conversations you can have . ... no , because that would be the entire world . if not , america in its entirety would at least count ( numerically speaking ) for how many people in the world qualify for that statement . well said . i think that making big decisions with the existential knowledge that time is short is probably my biggest peeve right now . i can't tolerate even thinking about it , i feel so restrained . so glad to hear things are working well in your marriage ; it is food for thought indeed . that's exactly it . people don't understand how useful it is in a relationship . nowhere in mbti theory does it say you are supposed to be with a certain type , and nowhere does it say two types ... why i would never date based on mbti do they just post to reaffirm themselves , or what ? they read the title , instantly react , and leave a passing statement without ever trying to truly understand ... you should always be seeking a woman out who is healthy and comfortable in her type ( regardless of whether or not they know it ) . relationships between thinkers and feelers can work just fine , ... three words : the ultimate sacrifice . debates . just stop talking and believe what you want , already ... no one is going to change their minds , not on this planet . maybe ... or maybe you're a bioghost :D ... couldn't help it > . < i'm going to go out on a limb and assume you haven't ready anything the authors of mbti wrote about it ... like that it's dynamic , no one will fit their type 100 % , and that you learn more about it in ... esjs in general , lol . i use thank as a like button , and because when i am on after work i rarely have anything meaningful to add to already well thought-out posts . not enough energy to muscle out some rational thought ... from what you said , he sounds like an unhealthy entj . while i am sure that their assumptions on an ideal match assumes an ideal pair of people , this isn't an ideal world . i've found myself at odds ... jennica : being married to an intp as a fe-dominant type does indeed have some serious consequences . i am so short of emotional energy when she needs it the most . i have cried in front of others perhaps twice in my life , but the only time i ever felt better was alone . yes , yes ... i need that and don't get it either > . > being married to an extravert has serious consequences , especially the needy type . i just whistle it because i love it so much i want to synchronize with it . you'd hate me at work ; i whistle a lot , mostly to ignore the crappy music , but sometimes because i want to hear some of the music i am composing ( in my head ) aloud . expectations ... no , you made perfect sense , and you're right - - studying psychology ( as in this case , as a hobby rather than a professional pursuit ) is a great aid in relationships , especially if you come from a ... i don't mind country music , but when it's loud i'd rather be jumping off a skyscraper . hearing the same hit songs , no matter the volume , over and over , repeated 5 times a night every night ... frankly , i'd rather have a narrower margin of people i spend time with than spend time around people who will be a bad influence on me . stop quoting me . > . > ;) it's so good to see how i feel put into words ... thank you xd and , yes , i hate it when even people close to me just reach out and grab my belongings . no , but like i've said before , it can be a helpful guide , some basic general advice to follow . i know many people who've married and divorced because they just don't understand some of the outlying ... my wife , then . esfj :P and then when i do feel strongly about something , watch the hell out in my every day life , i hate this with a passion . yes , but we also like lists and comparisons ( some of us ... ) so most just put their two cents in and turn away . i would have turned away but i never unsubscribed from the thread ... i'm too lazy to do ... you know , i watched that video . but it led to one that made me laugh and cry for a good 10 mins ... i love watching funny videos when i'm tired xd ... i get asked dumb questions all the time , then ... it doesn't say that thinkers are emotionless . you don't understand what the feeling function really symbolizes . and , by the sound of your post , the mbti is very useful to you , because you said ... my wife is an esfj , and every day it seems is a reminder of how polar opposite we truly are . we solve problems the entirely opposite way ; she often causes more problems and extra stress , and then ... nope , that's me too xd yeah , that's me as well . makes people mad when they discover i'm not paying attention to their rant :D what i hate the most , is when the shoe is on the other foot and said feelers are deliberately deriding someone . i try to defend them , or at least tone down the conversation a bit , i am not on ... sooo me . > , < '