' haha ... : unsure : maybe you can wear them on the inside of your pants ... lol cell phone companies customer service ! ! lmao : crazy : haha i swear i bought some last winter and still have yet to wear them ? ? they looked so cute on the rack ... lol ! ! ! also happiness is fine and dandy if i could find something that would actually ... wow this sounds a lot like my need to have a new cell phone every 3 months ... lol : crazy : oh yes freedom has always been something i want and would be severely depressed if i didn't have that ! ! haha and why does that rabbit have to be so darn interesting ? ? ? i guess that why i have always ... when i'm in love my heart does this weird thing . it sorta seems like it stop for a moment ... and everything moves in slow motion for a minute .. when i with that person ! when i wake up in the morning ... umm ... when i have been drinking i get real cocky lol and silly ... and usually say stuff that i would never say sober ... : crazy : haha a whole lot of confusion ... and a lot of self-analyzing ... : confused : i am so confused and so lost ... when i think i've set my heart on something or someone that i really want and when i finally obtain that goal or that type of person i find myself not wanting it ... what makes me angry , i don't get angry often but when i do it's never for long but it usually when someone says something mean about me or when someone lies to me and i catch them in the lie and they ... tinker bell , cinderella , belle and goofy well there is a way to give your opinion about someone and not be negative ... there is nothing wrong with being honest but when you blatantly call someone selfish , lazy etc . it's being very ... haha guess who is now officially with an intj ... me ! ! ! lol .. he asked me to be his g / f today and i happily obliged ... i really enjoy him ! ! ! one thing though ... i find it hard sometimes to keep the ... yes you should be ! ! : cool : haha say no more ... : wink : but of course ... lol :p roud : um ... yea ... : blushed : one more thing i think alot of personality traits are alter by environments ... versus someone growing up rich and feeling entitled and someone who didn't being very humble and appreciative ... i ... hmm .. there goes that selfishness thing again ? ? ? i am trying to wrap my head around that concept , really i am ... to be honest i wish i was more selfish and not such a doormat sometime ... there not ... this thread is a little nerving to me ... you don't see many isfps bashing other types on this forum like that and im sure it may have been a few ... but to pick out traits that are positive and make ... 1 . exude sexuality ( but borderline nun ) : crazy : 2 . closet introvert 3 . underachiever - yet capable and fully equipped to be a great leader ? ? ? haha dunno ... : mellow : but they are a intj and i am really , really really into one right now , who knew ? ? grosss i always go the safe route , cologne or a watch ! or if he's a gamer the latest game ! omg yes it's scary sometimes i think it has a lot to do with that natural trait we have of people pleasing and not wanting to let anyone down or disappoint ... lol ! i have done this way too many ... remember chiyo , geisha are not courtesans , and we're not wives . we sell our skills , not our bodies . we create another secret world , a place only of beauty . the very word geisha means artist , and ... it more of a visual thing .. clutter throws me off so when i do clean it has to look pretty ... i am not organize though , i have more then one place i keep books / art supplies / movies lol my things ... yay i watched dangerous liaisons tonight ! ! ! omg amazing movie ... i cried so hard ! i bet cruel intentions was based around this movie huh ? it reminded me so much of it ! i loved it , thanks gigi ... i would say let go ... sometimes in those situation you have to just let go and let things be , and if its meant to be everything will work out in time ! but in the meanwhile stay strong and keep your ... black and white edge t-shirt from wwe , with black and white boy cut ___ : crazy : well ... it is ... like 1:43 am right now : blushed : yes even though i didn't enjoy the story line that much i found myself not being able to look away ! it was the same with avatar , i thought the movie was cheesy but the special efx were amazing ! :) it's funny that you just mention that because i met a intj and we spent hours on the phone just talking it was nice to talk to someone that was like me in a way but completely different ... so just ... american beauty was a great movie the images from that movie still sticks out vividly in my mind as well as 300 , i mean wow what a feast for your eyes ! ! ! crash was a good movie too , sad but very ... i am sorry to say but that doesn't sound like a isfp more like a istp because my guy is one , and does everything you mention and more and it drive me nuts sometimes ! i like having a companion , i like ... http://mondosmorsels.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/crying.jpg i figure you were meaning the loa and it's a working progress ... i am still trying to fine tune it ! and please don't hit yourself lol ! you seem really nice ! thank you ! :) what do you mean ? i wish to find a man that would love me unconditionally and would never do anything to intentionally hurt me ! : frustrating : when things have to be perfect and the slightest thing off can drive you crazy ... for instance when you clean the house , every inch has to be clean or you'll stay up til wee hours until it's ... what movie is this from ? ? thx i would agree that having someone to balance my indifferences sounds great but almost scary at the same time ... i guess i wouldn't want someone controlling everything hence making me dependent or ... now i feel all warm and fuzzy on the inside ! ! thanks ! : crazy : i for one don't side with either ones point of view .. i am not god and don't know fully how things work . i understand that you need tangible evidence to prove what you believe in and that's fine , no ... i agree everytime he was in the presence of elizabeth and the way he looked her just sent chills down my spine ! : laughing : oh yea ... i am this way when i have to speak to people in public ... lol or just being in public in general ! i hate speaking loudly , i'm very private and don't like people knowing my business . i also ... when you hi-jack a thread just to comment on someones avatar ... lol ! ! btw : i love your new avatar nekoninja : crazy : this is great advice ! ! ! it helps me to just find that courage and ask ... because if i don't i will always wonder and hope and i know in the long run ... that it would only hurt more ! ! mr . darcy : miss elizabeth , i have struggled in vain and i can bear it no longer . these past months have been a torment . i came to rosings with the single object of seeing you ... i had to see you . i ... i have yet to see this movie but i have heard lots of good things about it ! thanks , but i sometimes think i would be balance better with a extroverted type that is non-judging and feeling ... i wonder if an esfp or estp would be more suited for me ? ? the part that i guess ... '