total and awesome accident , i just got bored and decided to take a random personality test on the web and voila i got istp . which was totally spot on and ever since i read that description i have ... hahahah that was what i have been doing every second of my life so far , i hate boredom ! istp sevens ftw ! i don't know , me personally wouldn't mind taking something i found for instance because it is something that the owner would have already considered was as lost . or stealing something ( test answers ) ... i think he means what he said , he kind of needs to see what else he is missing out on before he gets too old or too attached to you . however personally i tend to miss people after being with them for ... portable homemade self pump air guns ! you can shoot anything that fits in the barrel with 120 psi of pressure . marbles , metal bb buck shot , arrows , rocks , lead , nail darts , aa bateries and anything ... i think this thread is over ... i think i have finally decided what to do . this kind of thing is not new to this girl , before me she had two other friend zoned guys feeding her ego ( which ended badly ) . i think she wanted me to be ... win-win situation ? hahaha i smile a lot too , but my parents didn't do that to me . i just learned that its better to just appear friendly to everybody , you get more things in life . however if someone is trying to shit on you , ... you probably are being paranoid ! if he is an xstp and hasn't made a move yet , you are clear . the enfp girl i like is also really paranoid , but then again she had second thoughts about me liking her ... hahaha this stuff is old news , i already apologized and sort of made up . i know i was the asshole because the moment she brought her gay friend to hang out , i started simmering inside but i acted ... hahaha it's all cool now , we are friends again . i overreacted and apologized for everything quite promptly . i didn't do anything mean to her or anything crazy . i realized i don't really mind that she ... i'm debating whether i even care enough to do this , she is cool but her friends annoy me . i don't want to hang out with a gay guy that a looks like bruno . maybe it isn't all that bad , having her as ... ok so i apologized and made amends yesterday . i didn't do anything crazy or wild , i made her believe that i just wanted to be friends and that i would fix it over time . we talked for a bit more . i'm ... i guess its over then , but i still want to mess with her . i want to do this this , to show that i don't want to be just friends , and also to apologize for the fight . we had a fight because i told her that i found everything we have done together boring and i ... i made the mistake of of hanging out with her too much . atm i really care for her . she emotionally opened me up and got me too attached . she had me shopping with her and her homosexual friend . fuck ... i'm not as shy , i am almost an estp when it comes to pursing a girl ahahahaha the asking her friend-zoned guys thing totally backfired . apparently her friend was over hearing my conversation and told everything to her ! i saw her this morning in the library , she was ... so i was talking talking to some of the guys i know who were friend-zoned by this enfp for advice on how to be with her . it seems like everything she has told me in just a few days days she has told ... wow , i just had a great first whatever ( date ? ) with this enfp girl i know and like . it was like an accidental double date , she invited me to hang out with her and her friend for saturday night . turns ... i guess i'll be the one to break the combo . i'm still in high school and i honestly don't work very much , i am a major procastinator . i have managed to get a c + to a range in my classes , averaging ... wow holy crap ! some of your stories are making me feel better . i always felt a little weird talking to strange new people however now i welcome it . i used to feel self-conscious but i fixed that by ... i flirt all the time at school because its way more fun than actually doing work . i see it as a skill that i am trying to develop , see how far i can go with a girl personally even if i'm not ... my good friend is an estp , he is like my hook up to all the best parties . i'm usually pretty stable . you could try the teenager method ... not give a fuck for the moment and then go off on your own , to run , swim , bike , climb or smoke weed . ( excersise works best though ) ... nope , but i like seeing all of the happy birthday post on my fb wall from friends . that kind of cheers me up , especially form people i havent seen in a while . im not a girl , but since i am still in high school , i can relate to the not being in a clique part . a few close friends , and then a bunch from different groups . i talk to whoever i feel like talking ... kkk i know what you are talking about , like i said i have done some homework . girls like to be challenged and treated with confidence . i have definitely have grown bigger balls in the last half a ... hahahahahahahha omg the one liners :D im actually pretty talkative though , im more extroverted than other istp friends i know . maybe cause my bestfriend is estp and i tend to like taking risks . ah whatevs , maybe i should try the risky business approach . hahahahahah hahahahahahahaha really ? that is a totally plausible option too . but really , i do triathlons , should i settle for someone who doesnt even like walking through the park ? lol ok i guess i wont bullshit , but isnt it kind of ovbious ? ? i guess my question is how do istp's get laid ? like ryan gosling style in any movie he is in or the clint eastwood style in any movie he ... to care for someone with everything i have got , to trust someone with my secrets and to be physically intimate with that person . i had a fling that lasted for a week with a girl that came to visit my ... thats what i was thinking , but i wanted to be a bit more proactive ... let the women choose us . the ninja me http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/218081_10150163975539011_787399010_6805567_228488_n.jpg the normal me ... nope :P oker face hmm another type 7 ... cool 17 , am i too young or something ? that sounds like a plan . stay goofy for longer , check . i think i tend to over analyze and fantasize about everything in this area and thus raise my own interest in them too quickly , which seems to ... lolololol here is switzerland ( im american ) drinking age is 16 and im 17 . that is what i do on friday nights , i have alot of friends when i go out thanks to an estp friend who hooked me up . thanks ... this is my rant , read if you are bored enough ... lol well i'm trying to get a damn relationship started , cause i'm feeling bored and unsatisfied with my school ( jail ): angry : . it's my personal ... i actually smile alot , if i dont have one then im thinking or doing something that bores me . i think it has to do something with my type 7 . idk about you all but im pretty happy just turned 17 , switzerland omg lol i made my own ghille suit , when i lived in hong kong ... no when i crack jokes i usually have a smirk . i smile alot . thats pretty damn accurate , but i would add if he spends a lot more time with you than other girls , thats a big sign . if he chats you up on facebook or texts you , thats another really good sign ( i ... dude holy crap , my mom is entj and she bugs the crap out of me , i usually deal with her by being passive ( pretend to do what they want ) and never really talking to her . she is always bugging me about ... awhh coool another istp 7w6 , yeah we definitively are way more extroverted than what the others are describing . people know me as the ninja prankster is who is always cracking jokes and never does ... oh right yeah thats glenn ... lollololol yeah daryll is a badass , i think he is estp though