' i think so . istjs are known as the introverts who are most in tune with society's values that , they can pass for extroverts if they wanted to ( for a short amount of time of course ) . it seems society does not like the business-like vibe the istj can give off . do you find to easy to make friends when you're not ' friendly ' ? do you just fake a cheesy grin , or do you find people ... 1 . i don't think you can really force an istj into any activities . he must have already noticed what you're doing since we're so observant , so getting his attention will not be a problem . he just ... i often ponder about what life contains as i'm so intrapersonal , but not so much about the bigger picture , that's more occasional . i can be controlling but i'm also quite perceptive . if i do want my relationship to do well and see they want me to back off then i'll attempt to i'm 16 and took the test last year , i've only got interested in it this year , i couldn't believe there were so many systems and ways to learn about people . it's vital stuff . i'm quite logical and self-controlled , most of the time i don't see how fighting will actually help my situation , so there's no need . plus , i see acting out in anger as an inability to handle people ... types of one sort aren't always huddled up on one area . you could just live life and encounter places with a lot of variety in people , and at least one might be an istj . if you go looking in places ... i never related to the ' superdependable ' stereotype , or being the most organized , traditional or simply put ' boring ' type at all . however as i get older , my life's structure is becoming more and more ... i am : perfectionistic , purposeful , insightful i'm not : bad-intentioned , fearful or outgoing . : happy : unfortunately i haven't been excellent at typing people , but after lot's of thinking and some petty attempts to type ; i consider enfps ( rare : sad :) , enfjs , esfps as best for me . i'm not too into ... : confused : i do not relate to this thread : unsure : sensors aren't any less smart are they ? istjs are supposed to be intellectual .. lololol i would love that ! ! ^ ^ ^ yeah , people always interpret it as utter negativity yeah , i'm worrying about a particular detail that could go wrong in a period of 40mins , three days from now , so it's not wrong :) can be veery reclusive and moody . i think the laziness thing as some truth , they're not ones to do favours and risk wasting energy . i would say , a little private and not apt to sharing . these are ... i'm rare : confused : i'm 70 % introverted and all 9 ennegram types active in me are sexual variants besides 3 . i'm extremely aware and concerned about how people perceive me and how my relationships are going . although ... i wouldn't be too fond of the person after that and i'll definitely let them know in the same way they let me know , that they are not liked . maybe you should reconsider you're approach to people ? ... i didn't want to sound like there's nothing good about us and that we would have to think and search seriously hard to find one . i wanted to avoid negativity and let other istjs know that we do have ... what puts us ' out there ' in the world , what advantages do you feel you have ... in other words , why are we so awesome ? why fp ? i know she's a j because she's a real planner and ' get's mad when people alter plans at the last minuite ' . but f rather than t ? perhaps because she stuck to her values through her career ? but ... perhaps sevens would be playful enough to really give them a good time . fours could be emotional enough or twos ? what are your thoughts . being an istj i score really low on neurosis which is strange a female , and seriously bugs my entj friend who thinks i'm immune to everything . however , true i'm never ' relaxed ' as there's always ... yeah , if they know too much they might use it against me later . i think we're more cautious than most in social situations due to our introverted ways . when things go wrong , extroverts can mend it ... i have to say , at times i'm not so spirited about being an istj - every description we have just tell us we're boring , serious , traditionalists . : confused : : frustrating : i mean , there are interesting ... i was listening to ' teardrop - massive attack ' the theme for ' house ' lol . i was obsessed with the band and thought it sounded pretty haha : confused : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7K72X4eo_s 1 ) music preference ? i like a variety to suit different moods , but i really don't like popular music.don ' t know if this is strange for ' a guardian ' . i love artists that are more experimental and ... social and sexual variants tend to be more concerned with relationships than anything , esp with the type 3 which is meant to be ' the achiever ' the so / sx types will only pay special attention to work ... i think it's really the self-pres variants that care for achievements 4 ' s for being too arty and not realising it , 5 ' s for having their own intellectual interests and seeing school as too conventional and demanding ? counter-phobic sixes just wanting to be rebels : wink : ... if tritypes are enneagram types that always occur one in each enneagram centre then we don't need them ; as we all have all enneagrams in us at different levels . 8 ' s because we do what we want when we want and generally don't care ; believing ourselves to be the masters of our fate . the good thing is we won't blame anyone else for our circumstances .   ... then you may have a few different enneatypes . everyone has a trifix i suppose i'm a 3-8- 5 . just can't find my description though how irritating . hi , i'm also a new istj and am looking forward to hearing some of your pointers ! : happy : heyy i'm like that aswell , and i'm new too ! what do the types in the brackets represents ? seems like there's a lot of loner istjs out there ! i'm just the same , hate doing anything to my hair other than brushing it . black leather bag , jeans , tennis shoes and a top ! woohoo : wink : i mean i'm definitely a 1,3 and 8 but at first i kept being typed as a 9 but i guess that's because 9 ' s are at the top of the enneagram spectrum and can posses any traits of the others ( such as the ... good , i'm glad things are sorted out ! you should definitely find out about enneagream misidentifications because many types share traits , or you may be in a security or stress point . also , try to answer questions in relation to how ... i'm not a tag along sort of person and definitely am happiest when i can organise my outings . i do not seek social contact a lot as it's not necessary but when i feel like it would be a good idea ... i've read somewhere : istjs select friends carefully , being keen observers of things and people around them . it may be that they a familiarising themselves with you - we're not extroverted so we ... don't know what kind of music you may be into but the lyrics to this describe that state pretty well ' nine inch nails-all the love in the world ' . and i can relate-not being extremely close to anyone ... myself , lol istj . how boring i think i should do it again lool .. i guess the situation would be easiest when your with someone like you .. i also discuss philosophy , may not be something natural , just learnt it because i took the lesson in school . however , it's always me who brings the logical , scientific arguments to the debate lol . hugs are the new handshakes , especially for the younger generations . i have always hugged people - because its what you do in social situations . but come to think of it i may well be happier without ... '