' i thought everyone may want an update . i met with the therapist today and we have a marriage counseling session set for next thursday . he said he would end the emotional affair and did want to try ... he is being a coward . he text me yesterday but didn't mention wanting to meet up and talk about things . he hasn't called at all . i haven't heard from him today . i don't know that he wants to try and ... i can emphasize with you and i'm sorry for ever hurting you ( i certainly didn't mean to ) . i didn't even know you felt that way . i don't think it's an unforgivable offence but if we are going to work ... i can't really take a vacation right now . believe me , i've thought about running home to mom . he just communicated to me that he has been really unhappy for a really long time . he said when he would ... i am certainly trying to be strong . there has been crying ( a lot of crying ) and soul searching . i am really hurt . i can't even wrap my mind around the fact that there is another woman . even if they ... he text me this morning . i'm sorry i kept all that from you . by the time it developed into what it did i just didn't know hwo to explain it . i don't know why i feel the need to be so secretive ..  ... it did not go well . i asked him to be honest with me and he said okay . i asked him what was going on and he saying nothing . he just lied and lied and lied until i showed him the hard cold facts that ... thank you all for the advice and the prayers . i hope he admits his betrayal ( regardless of the depth ) . i'm going to try really really try to talk to him in a calm manner . give him the option the be ... i've never had a problem with him having female friends , ever . i have male friends . i have found out that he has been talking to her for over a year and several hours a week . tons of text and picture ... 1 ) why are we together ? 2 ) do we want to stay together ? 3 ) why do we want to stay together ? 4 ) what will our lives look like in 5 years if we stay together ? i'm going to do this , i need ... cinnamon 83 so now i've taken the enneagram test and scored a 3 . it said that often , people in leadership or management ( me ) score an 8 but are really a 3 ( the achiever ) . so i tried to compare the 3 ... there is certainly emotional issues , as discussed multiple times on the thread . again , he is not showing any signs of depression although he is stressed out with work . he is still touchy feely , ... i told him two weeks ago that if we wanted out now was the time . he doesn't want out . he isn't showing signs of depression . i've let him be several time over the past 15 months but i don't know ... you are correct and i can sum that all up in one word communication . sorry , that came out wrong . what i meant to say is , we have identified which love language we each need . i know he seeks quality time like you mentioned . he also likes gift so i pick him up little ... spoken like a true entp ( this is what i would have asked too ) . yes , there was pressure to get married and he even admitted to having commitment issues from his father leaving his family when he was ... i have read it and we do have different love languages . i think we both fulfill most of them , just not the physical one ( besides cuddling ) . alles_paletti it's not unfixable probably but you need to restore trust . the question is not what should you do but what should you stop doing . and what you should stop doing is trying to ... i'm not fat . i'm tiny . if that was the problem , i could fix it . i figured that question out . sensitive doers are isfp and that fits him . but so does the istp - the individualistic doer . could he be both ? individualistic doers are self-assured and very ... cinnamon 83 i don't know enough about all of this but can an istp be the the sensitive doer ? sensitive doers are gentle , modest and reserved persons . they cope well with everyday life and like ... well he is kind of an odd ball . the artist fits him in a lot of ways . this is a guy who called himself a hippie and a conservative at the same time . he procrastinates all the time and has been ... it does look like i threw up all over it ! wasn't my fault - promise ! redhotpengy the description i found did and he would point that out but regardless ... cinnamon 83 - you may disagree with this ... okay , go with me on this windmill slam this may be up your ally .  ... i think he actually may be isfp , a good bit more so than istp , although he would disagree and say i'm not sensitive . i think i figured out part of what he doesn't like about me ... wow . ( cross-posted ) . estj relationships the estj is outspoken , a person of principles , which are readily and directly ... i think i figured out part of what he doesn't like about me ... wow . estj relationships the estj is outspoken , a person of principles , which are readily and directly expressed . estjs are not ... i agree and i have , that is why he is seeking professional help . it blows my mind though that he won't even try anymore . he isn't selfish so i can't fathom why he doesn't want to at least try and ... or text . canislycaon he would hate that and tell me i'm not 50 shades of gray . you sort of lost me on this . i am not flirting with other men now and i wouldn't do that to intentionally try to make him jealous . i was totally kidding about being kidnapped . ha ! if i wasn't a estj i would do just that ! i'm a workaholic so it's kind of like i'm not here a lot . does that count ? and i never commanded that he see a shrink , that was his idea . :-) canislycaon bahahaha i love it . i actually thought of this the other day but i don't know if he would go for it . roll-play date night - i go to the bar and tell him to meet me there and hit on ... windmill slam wow , thank you for all of that ! i agree with you that he has developed j and also think he borders t and f . i like istj strengths and weaknesses | 16personalities too . it's very ... windmill slam wow , thank you for all of that ! i agree with you that he has developed j and also think he borders t and f . i like istj strengths and weaknesses | 16personalities too . it's very ... @ eikichi yes , that was kind of my norm . i would dress up cute / themed for his birthday , christmas , valentine's day , etc . wear his favorite short skirt around the house or suggest we run by the adult ... in fact , i loved it because it is so true but it doesn't help me fix the sex thing . i'm only 30 and i want to have sex with my husband . it's not a crazy thought . it's not just the act of sex but the ... ik3 thank you for that ! :-) i do want it to work and that is why i joined the group . since he and his therapist think we may have a personality conflict , i thought what better place to seek advice . also , you never answered my previous suggestion . has he been tested for low testosterone levels ? that would've been my first guess as to why someone would suddenly stop being interested in sex with ... perhaps . i don't think so though . i looked into the socionics and i think you may be right about the mirrors . any good links you can share ? i've tried that . i have the list , spreadsheets , etc . :-( it is an italian opera but it also is a spin off of my last name so i'm using it as my alter ego . :-) thanks for the reply . that is basically what we do every night though . last night was chill ; we cooked out , had a few drinks , talked about our day , the upcoming holiday , the news and watched a show ... seamaid it is cross-posted on the istp forum . he does certainly value his freedom and i have known that from the start . i also value mine and we don't do everything together . he is paying attention ... done . sorry . he is a healthy 31 year old . i cook dinner most nights and cook healthy . we get out and about on the weekends . he isn't the gym type but he likes to sail and bike . thanks for all of that and yes , if anyone else has insight , please help . thanks ! forte no , not even close . lord fudgingsley the difference is , you were able to communicate that to him and my husband can't communicate anything to me . if it's not a istp trait , it is passive-aggressiveness that we are ... '