' eating dinner . my family and i are going out to a movie in about an hour . i remember the few movies i've cried over : - marley and me ( animals dammit ) - hunger games ( yup rue ) - up ( goddammit that movie ; ~ ;) - harry potter and the deathy hallows pt . ii ( and possibly the ... type o ... not sure if i'm positive or negative . either way , universal donor , holla . my mom is 100 % filipino , whereas my dad is irish and ... other ethnicities i forget . to simplify it , i just say i'm half irish , half filipina . so , ever since i found out about mbti typing , i felt confident in my ' nfp ' aspects of my personality . however , i don't know if i'm an introvert or an extrovert . i like being around people , and in ... i do particularly love sarcasm . ^ . ^ i overuse it quite a bit , so sometimes people don't get that i'm being sarcastic , or think i'm being sarcastic when i'm not . oooops . i think i'm a little bit infp . maybe 30 % introverted . i've become much more extroverted lately , but on the inside , i'm still a bit introverted . i also see some sensing qualities in myself , so a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eITaCdio6DM business - eminem - people that always want more and more and more , materialistically . i always hear my classmates complaining how their parents won't upgrade their phones or stuff like that . - people that treat me ... ahhh , auras . i used to love researching these before i got into mbtis . back then i was mostly a lavender aura , but i just retook it and got yellow , abstract tan , and violet . i definitely relate to 1 and 2 . not so much 3 . i'll just type my closest seven . surprisingly , i have more introverted friends than i do extroverted . my sister / closest friend : i believe she's istj . she tested as an intj , which didn't fit her ... about a beautiful boy : like the ocean , he is deep and reckless ; beautiful and hopelessly wonderful , mysterious and tranquil , but vastly unattainable . like the ocean , what type do you guys see marina diamandis , of marina & the diamonds , as ? i've looked it up and a lot of people see her as an enfp . while it'd be an honor to have the same mbti type as her , i kind of ... i'm a bit worried about this guy i know . i don't know him too well , but i'm attracted to him . he seems sort of similar in personality to me , which is why i've classified him as a xnfx . he's very ... enfp i like pop , indie pop , alternative , rock , r & b , folk-ish pop , oldies , and psychedelic rock . probably scatterbrained , strange , optimistic , kindhearted , and a bit obnoxious at times . thank you , i try , i try . ^ _ ^ i tried getting them to take the mbti test , though only two of them have taken it so far . they got isfj and intj . isfj : she and i were friends for about eight years , until we had this huge ... i got sluai . i'll bold the things that don't fit me at all , and italicize the things that fit me only sometimes . easily confused , often late , rarely prepared , passionate about better the world's ... i'm most likely going to go into journalism . i'm only a sophomore in high school , so this could change , but right now i have my heart set on that . :) hey everyone , i'm kimberly . i'm an enfp high school student who loves to write , sing , and dance . i also recently became obsessed with personality tests , and have been ' encouraging ' / forcing all my ... dark hair brown / green eyes at least a bit taller than me nice smile a nice butt yeah , i admit that . i'm only in high school , and the boy i like is on the football team ... football pants ... i am an enfp and i'm always moving . whether it be typing , moving my legs while i sit , doing calf raises when i stand ... i can't really be still . ever . i also like to dance . : 3 while i haven't broken a chair yet , i did break a desk once ... does that count for anything ? you've already told me this . are you okay ? ( not in like , are you upset ? just like wow are you mentally ok ) you need to organize better . we must look reeeallly high right now . you're so ... i'm called that on a regular basis . i'm not too talented at painting , drawing or just visual arts in general , but i suppose people see that from my eye for design , photography , and writing talents . i ... i don't know really what i'd call my style . i really love my leather jacket and combat boots , but i offset those things by wearing some pastel colors , skirts , dresses . i guess ' girly meets hipster ... '