' my friends are trying to set me up with a girl whose a year older than me . why does it feel weird ? how are some people okay with ? is there a way for me to be okay with it ? this has been bothering me ... are there any entps who have a job dealing in computers i . e . computer programmer , computer engineer etc . ? i consider myself a fast but cautious driver ( hehe ... enfp contradiction ) . i get cautious when i think a cop is around . i am a very confident driver . i think i am very skilled . i never follow the speed ... i honor you for opening up . remember that these walls are negative thoughts or more like perceptions that you have about yourself . these negative beliefs are not true . i would advise to try cognitive ... i actually see the word beef in my head and then an emotion towards it , but just the word . after that i would see some faded picture of a beef with not so much quality . i have a feeling i have a ... i know this question may sound weird , but what do you first see when i say the word beef to you ? do you see a picture of beef or ... ? after i get a few post answers i'll tell you what i see . are you left brain or right brain dominant ? i was just thinking that as i get older and my te function develops i think more logically so i use my left brain more . do you guys get that too ? i'm mostly an audio learner and there are certain that i am a visual learner in . hey you guys , i was just wondering if anybody here is interested in linguistics and is actually working as one . anybody out there majoring in linguistics ? i was just curious because i really like ... who said , when life gives you lemons make lemonade ? i've been checking on google but couldn't find it . i'm with them . it's really weird because i was never able to explain it to my friends . they just never understood . i think that one my friends is enfp and he can be annoying sometimes . do some of your enfp friends think your weird ? or better yet do enfps think that other enfps are weird ? because i have a friend who i think is an enfp but everytime i say something that i think is ... i used to do that go to every person and just overthink it as you put it . now i started this new system , but its a little hard . i tried just following thru with whatever comes first in my mind . it's ... i feel like i'm the one out of all my friends who have an issue in making decisions . but i still feel like everyone has this issue of making decisions whether it be big or small . is enfp the only ... are all enfp's the life of the party ? i'm been seeing this line aassociated with enfp for a long time . is it true ? lol , shalom ! whatever he said . i happen to be a jew . you could know me . lol i love people who are open to different nationalities and cultures . how could it be that si is focused on remembering everything you see . i happen to have a good memory like i'll know my friends number even though i saw his number once . i think i just might have a ... enfj right here ! i never thought there were other people who think like me until i came to perc and i am glad that i stumbled into perc . as an enfj , i fear that the my world of friends will fall apart and there will be no more harmony . okay , i'm trying to figure this all out . how would i know if i'm using a dominant function over an auxilary function . for example , i'm an enfj so i'm fe dom but how do i know i'm not using fe as an ... just throwing this out there . i just got an idea after reading all the posts . it looks like it doesn't matter how much time introverts or extroverts spend socializing . it looks more like how they ... the thing is thats exactly what made me think that i may be an introvert because i am quiet around a crowd with other loud people . i might as well add another question if a person is loud in a ... i tend to do that too . it's also funny because all i have to say is one sentence and the whole conversation goes to different direction as you put it . i love perc i get to find people who actually ... okay fine . i'll read , but most of the time i don't understand what's being said . edit : nevermind i got what i was looking for okay im a type 2 ennagram and i was wondering that maybe i'm enfp becuase i test for enfj but i dont know . i'm so confused : unsure : . so i tried trying to figure out what is my dominant function , but ... i'll give this a try : cube = i see a blue cube sitting in the middle of the dessert . ladder = i see a red wooden ladder right next to the cube . flowers = i see a bunch of roses right in front of ... as noche said just keep on talking them people like talking about themselves . i am not saying people are being selfish its probably just people know about themselves i guess . good luck ! you know you are enfj if when you are left alone at home you blast music in the house because its too quiet i would rather be in a party then stay at home but i'm shy that's my problem this question has probably been brought a million times here but i'm just curious how many of you guys have friends who think that you are introverted ? i have many friends who think i am ... hey you guys ! i was just wondering are you actually introverted and like to spend time alone or is it that you guys are afraid to speak up because of what people might say ? i am asking because i'm ... when youre talking to your friend for a while and then you randomly say something in the middle of the conversation and they go , huh ? . nevermind i just found other threads that helped me out . we try having a thread for functions , like you know when you are ni when you ... i don't if its been done . sorry if it has . okay onwards .. i was asking more of what type of function is she using ? if anything ? well , my sister's is into dogs . so i was just wondering is there a certain which is more into loving dogs ? she looks at dog pictures online and really wants one but my dad is allergic . so what type ... nighty - lol , thats exactly what i do when i'm around people . i always feel weird afterwards because maybe somebody noticed me doing it . its good to know somebody else does it . i do exactly what you said . at parties i go to the lone or shy ones first and then work my way up . i try to get to know everyone . my birthday is a time to hang out . it means something but it ... im very good in math . i enjoy it sometimes but i can't take the idea of sitting at a desk all day . ughhh i mean trying to give attention to each kid and meeting all there needs . making the right plan for them . making them interested . those type of things . thanks man i'll know to who to go to when it comes up : happy : that gives me idea . it might make a good hobby for when i'm bored . now what do i draw ... i don't know if this is the right to say if people agree that would be goodbut i guess let things just be for a while till everything settles down after the birth and when times passes past the ... its very hard to get over it and the problem is that it happens all the time . i just take the criticism and cry about it on the side or i try thinking about something else . its not that i hate art . its just that i can't draw so i'm not really into it but i would probably learn if i had a chance . p . s . i doodle does that count ? :) i would for sure do that if it came to making people happy . :) thanks for your answers u guys . i really appreciate it . it put some of my confusion of what i wanna do in life in percepective because i like math but i don't want to sit in an office all day . i ... '