' what you need to know about career searching is itx 92s less about interests and more about purpose and talents . just think of the seemingly small things in your life that make you feel like youx 92re ... dear entj teacher of last semester . stop saying your open minded when every person in your class is wrong the moment they open their mouth . yes your wright more students should talk to you outside ... define childish ? would that be not taking respectability for their actions ? because that is how i define it . oh and talk about power couple . i have interacted with both types and both kind of just ... yes ! i write fantasy with my istj . :) * talk * hate how i can't edit after i posted i ’ m a infp and here is the problem . . . i give my ( istj ) friend rides and she refuses to ask politely and i told her to say ‘ please ’ and instead of do ... the fact that it is for hobby lobby makes it vary istj . : tongue : how cute kitty ! ! ! so fluffy ! ! ! when you take pleasure from correcting others . from what i have seen in istjs its a pas time for them . they rather correct it in writing though . i like the ones were you are showing teeth . vary ^ ^ you speak your mined and mine and then never stop speaking . i love you . i wish i was able to say that more . if i just spoke freely every time i see you i tell you this . i sometimes wish the world worked in a way to where it was normal to say this to anything ... i even talk to my self when there are plenty of people around . when enemies from the south of my land wins , 11 and the ruthless rip off my limbs . 8 torn at the knees , 4 kneeling in the reeds , 5 that whisper when thrashed by the winds . 8 they whisper hope , 4 ... hopeful . o my gubler ! i love him ... : kitteh : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QV0PJKgFIUs 89846 awkward hellos awkward goodbyes serendipity paradoxes predictability in boxes how all your things are in boxes my wish to fit in your boxes your honesty it can hurt me i thought you ... childhood was hell for me for the same reason . even when i had friend it was almost like the people just were not ' deep ' enough for me . i wanted to talk about how beautiful life was and how ... when a glass bottle falls and shatters and you start to cry . ' it was vintage it had a history , it was older than me it served a perfect purpose of being a paintbrush holder and now i will never have ... i can break down the deeper metaphorical meaning of any art or poem in only a few minutes . i can read people's insides and know what they're feeling and why before they do . i have exceptional style ! ... i say my type but at the same time infps typically try there best to dilute conflicts , so maybe ... sfps . though even i have problems with sfps i swear i turn into an estj at times when around sfps ... ... as long as the group is a group of one or two shy or introverted people . ;) infps can seem vary e in small groups or when there is a topic that they are passionate about . around my close friends i am the loudest and most expressive and this is even more overuses when ... people with stj are just as deep as any person can be . the fact that they don't ware it on their selves makes them fascinating to me . i wish there were more estjs on this here . this is the most pornographic thing i have seen on any of these porn threads . mad skillz i adore istjs :p roud : i hope you don't mined me creeping . i'm wasting time well i could be studying for a math exam , this math is killing me . and these point by point writing assignments . the work dose not get any more practical but your ability to organize ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0p0lOrwyIY i am in love all the time . when you have a fake relationship in your head with a person you had one conversation with ; and you like it better if it stade fake . i'm in a pretend relationship . i fell in love after one conversation and i want it to stay like this . pretend . the wild things for me as well . yes ! : crying : powder , and its a happy / sad cry . has anyone seen that movie ? fuck my add . dammm spelling ! ! ! : angry : i am ignored by many and attracted some . the ones i do attraked are usually other socially awkward people . it's rare i attract any extraverts . i don't see p in his art . i see a j because its mostly focused chaos with small details . it has much pattern i know . it just has a 6363 ... syllable pattern . what is nobility ? a golden , chain armor tapestry , blankets thee , in its ’ divinity , underneath , wrapped loosely ... what medium did you use ? i can't tell . i love trees . today i had a text conversation with a stranger ( this one was a kid . i love it when i get these , i love having conversations with them . stranger : hey gia me : wrong number dear . ( i like using the ... i felt bad when my dad said we could not fix an old couch that was sitting in the garage . i had no memories of that couch but i felt bad we could not save it . yes , your eyes and smile . i pay money to see it . i have a question for istjs . when there is an emotional conflict that needs resolving what is the best way friend / family can approach you about it ? how do you approach friends / family about problems ... this song is so beautiful . it speaks all my thoughts and dreams with out a single word . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THQM52jk0gg i'm done , now on to my next task . when you feel sad every time you read [ banned ] or [ retired ] under a person's name on this site . '