' i am a very bad sugar fiend ... sometimes i'll just eat a spoon of sugar from the sugar bowl . : rolleyes : i'm just so tired . from taking care of my daughter , the power outages , my crazy ex , losing my laptop , and getting freaking malaria for the first time in my life . it's been so exhausting . then i saw ... i'm so sorry ... hoping for the best for her . please keep us updated . my mom means so much to me , i don't know what i'd do without her . are there any atheists or agnostics here ? i know infps tend to be spiritual ... i'm 29 and was raised in a christian home , but deconverted at about age 20 . these days i am a bit torn about the issue ... yes , true that . it's not just my parents actually ... the cultural mindset of the country i live in is mostly dogmatic . usually i'm good about not saying anything , but this particular time it just ... i'm the one taking up all the good selfie real estate as my friend put it . 263106 warm , friendly painter creating a ridiculously realistic landscape of mountains . : happy : www.youtube.com/watch?v=2o5fhtuaknq watching this artist named kevin hill create a landscape painting on t . v ... his voice and the painting process are making me so chill right now . when it takes you days to recover from a meeting with someone who is very critical of your work . in recent years i've developed a great love and respect for the natural sciences . most of the people around me are very dogmatic christians ... so today my mom and stepfather were ridiculing a ... hey , sorry for the late reply ... but yeah , it's my tendency to hang on too long after it's over , and that's been the case with this most recent person . from reading the thread , it seems like the ... i do love the boho style .. both clothing and decor . we are of one mind on this . :p roud : rent ! : laughing : you're okay in my book ! i see many music festivals in my future . i haven't been to many in the past . i just high on happiness just watching this video , so i know i'd be euphoric to go in person . i can handle cold weather up to a point ... but i can't abide snow . i grew up in southern california , and now i live in tropical ghana . not that i love when it's 85 degrees and humid , but i can deal ... 29 going on 30 this year ... which means i only have a few more months to be excusably reckless and irresponsible . wish me luck ! i've been on and off of trying meditation for years . i can never stick with it . :( i went to see a teacher once and that helped me a lot . maybe guided meditations will help you ? please don't make me laugh while i'm sick ... i go into coughing fits . : laughing : this is me . lol . just add in a love of art and creativity ... i think that also makes me part bohemian ? would anyone say that what all these have in common are people that are passionate / sensitive and ... i love the boat photo too ! and omg i want that pecan candy ! ! my godmother used to make it . : happy : ( ( ( hugs ) ) ) fellow compulsive chapstick user . :) i'm sorry about your parents ... i'm sure it's hard for you when they say such things . : sad : mermaids :p roud : ( i had a big obsession with them in college ) 2584262584 34 ohhh i have fallen back in love with trance music and armin van buuren is my cupid . trance makes me feel so alive . i keep listening to his set from tomorrowland 2014 . i'd cut off an appendage if i ... yeah ... this . romantic love has become something negative for me . well i'll correct myself ... i've had multiple instances where i had a very very strong attraction towards and connection with someone ... * * double post vent : i'm going through a lot right now . i just wish i could cry to someone and gush my feelings without someone telling me i need to be strong for my daughter and focus . crying and gushing about my ... i'm feeling stressed out this month .. i'm a social media manager , and since i work for a small company ( very small ) , my boss has assigned me the duty of collecting payment on client invoices ( not my ... thanks for all the replies ... i wish i were more level headed about this as some of you . i'm not sure what's going on . i have tons to do ... i have an eight year old , starting a new career this year , i ... i found it sweet , but borderline creepy . however i was fighting my creepy impression because i really wanted the sweet to come through . plus ... he was irish . :p roud : i certainly wouldn't recommend that .. i got married at 19 before i really knew myself or what i wanted out of life . so two of my friends have gotten married in the past three weeks and another one has an upcoming wedding ... i had just stopped freaking out because i'm turning 30 this year , but now my freaking out ... this is my blog : tiffany crossing . where i share all the creative stuff i do . i love spoken word poetry , and i also write stories . it's a new venture , so it's still a fledgling . :) this is my ... is there anything that can cause you to emotionally implode like waiting and wondering if the person you love will ever love you back ? then suspecting that they've fallen for someone else ? * fetal ... are infps prone to codependency ? i ask because i've heard reference to the nurturing side of infps , a trait that i very much have . but so often , the nurturing turns into me immersing myself in the ... ditto what iremember said . :) i felt like i was there . experiences like this are so rich and fufilling . and i can so relate ... my mind is so full and swirling at times , and it's so meaningful just to ... i just realized that i've stopped smiling at people . and i stopped smiling at people because i don't want them getting too comfortable with me . if they get too comfortable , they'll get too close , and ... omg ... who are you and how did you get in my head ? ? there are a couple of chickens and their baby chicks that hang out around my place . once one of them fell into a hole and i went and fished ... my love life in one paragraph . : crying : i'm so glad someone understands . so much truth ! lol . happy to do my part . :p roud : there is a woman who has been in my life for the past three years and i am utterly in love with her ... we were friends , then had an on again , off again relationship for over a year , then broke things ... oh ... and so you're not . lol . well it's the internet ... people get misquoted all the time . :) this gif just makes my soul smile . :p roud : for the most part , it seems i attract people who are emotionally unavailable . it's so ironic . but the last three relationships i've had were with people who were closed off emotionally . so after my ... this is going to be one of my guiding principles in life now . :) i quoted you on twitter . lol . thanks for this . :) wow ... where have you people been all my life ? you actually get it ! thank you for this ... just ... wow ! attic your treehouse pic is spot on ! especially since i actually have dreams of having a ... either a chocolate dessert or fried plantain red wine a heavy downpour my laptop and a good novel all day to surf the internet and read thank you for that ... success is indeed an abstract word that i come across a lot . when i think of success , i think about stock images of middle-aged white men holding up briefcases triumphantly ... my little pony : friendship is magic ... it's cute and funny in its own little way , and watching it has been a refresher on what it means to be a friend . something i'm a little out of practice with . ... hello everyone , i'm akos ... i'm 29 and from southern california , though currently i'm an expat in ghana . i have known i was an infp for a few years , but recently , when revisiting traits of this ... '