the love of my life & one true happiness left me ... empty & lost . fifteen . i was severely depressed & really drunk so it was like ... do what you want , there isn't anything you can do to me that could make me hate myself more . original thread here : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/7259-friends-tv-show.html hey ! i just wanted to let you know that another thread exactly like this already exists : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/43019-skins.html hopefully you will find it helpful . poems since i was a child i have spent most of my time daydreaming , and i used to daydream about anything and everything with nothing in particular being my focus , although i have always loved creating ... trees rose : infp jack : esfp tony : entj . uses te / ni to manipulate people . michelle : esfp . i don't see very much fe in her at all , let alone her being a fe dom so i wouldn't say esfj . cassie : infp . obvious fi dom . stuck in a ... snail i love a man who's a wolf to the world but a puppy to his girl . i got a bad boy with big heart . ♡ stars venom storm whore i have no goals and no real desire for them . i'm just making things up as i go along . i don't want structure , i just want to have fun . i'm studying psychology , although i really don't like organized education and i'm currently struggling with the motivation to even show up . i much prefer to learn things on my own , i learn better ... seeds when i first took an interest in the mbti , i took all the online tests i could find , and eventually took the official test in my high school psychology class . i find tests often mistype people , for ... isfps . being fi-doms too they feel like sisters to me but more in the moment than i could ever be , and they're so fun and creative . have you looked into cognitive functions , rather than relying on tests and descriptions to determine your type ? i find tests and descriptions to be quite inaccurate tools because the mbti is so much ... i have never identified as another other type than infp . it just fits me perfectly , i cannot imagine questioning it . i have never idealized other types over my own because i love being an infp . i ... sneer trees i love him i love him i love him i was going to describe what my memory is like , but i forgot . i lean towards esfp for dolores rather than isfp , i just see more se than fi . in the beginning of the book she is very outgoing and always doing things , much less inside her own head than fi-doms ... in high school i always liked to sit in the same seat each time i was in a particular classroom , and if someone sat it in before me it made me really uncomfortable . you shouldn't ever touch my ... i vote infp . i see ne over ni . also , why all the courtney love hate ? honestly , it was ultimately kurt's decision who he wanted to be with , so why do you all act so concerned and hateful ? i think ... i think daria is an infp . she's not an intj just because she's smart . one of the key aspects of daria's personality is that she has really strong values , which is a fi-dom thing , and i think she ... i love her music . undoubtedly an isfp . i often don't believe them or know what to do with them , so i just smile & say thank you . i hate it when people continuously deny them out loud . i think you should show at least a little gratitude . bears i love drugs , but you do have to be smart about them . do your research & stay safe . freespirit 777 private message isn't necessary , i don't really have much more to add to the subject . i became an atheist when i learned about the big bang , evolution & stuff like that on the internet ... psychology , biology and english . a spy in the house of love by anaïs nin i just don't view jesus in the same way you do , i see him as nothing more than a historical figure . i was raised in a catholic family but ever since i was a child it seemed like bullshit & i hated ... i don't agree with you , but if it makes you happy then who am i to judge you . currently my favorite perfumes are flowerbomb by viktor & rolf and dot by marc jacobs . i can never decide whether astrid is an infp or an isfp . love her though ! i've read the book as well . 5 letters , not 6 ... ignoring the last two posts . peach i do not believe in anything remotely religious . it just doesn't make any sense to me . what would be the point of a god ? why would they care ? life was created through the universe's own power ; ... heart i find it difficult to get along with anyone with fe as their dominant or auxiliary function , which includes infjs . i voted enfp , entp & isfp . i prefer to surround myself with people that are not exactly like me but similar . enfps & entps help to bring me out of my shell & we have the best ne conversations . isfps ... i like many types of music . i like experimental & dreamy sounding things best but i also listen to various genres of rock , acoustic music with female vocals , rap , some pop , some electronic etc . i'm ... trash did the test & got chaotic neutral , just as i expected . i can identify with both idealist and dreamer . i would say i do not have a si deficit ( i don't see si as putting value in tradition , rather i use si a lot looking towards the past to make sense of ...