what are you thinking about : that sometimes life's cut short and it feels unfair , that i spent too much time in an unhappy relationship , that i haven't hugged my children enough , my family enough , ... tears my friend went to the hospital three days ago with a severe headache . it was determined to be a brain aneurysm and they preformed lengthy surgery . he was left in a medically induced coma for comfort ... graze to express gratitude ... for small favors within personal tragedy ... this .. i remember in high school when you gave me that ticket for loitering in the senior lobby , way back then i remember laughing at the cowboys , you have to admit you could have picked a different ... vague to not see my friend crossing over . god hear me please , i can't do this one . a co-worker that i went to high school with ... on friday he was teasing me like usual , sat he was rushed to the hospital , for emergency brain surgery , yesterday he was in a medically induced coma , ... unable to concentrate , distracted , sad ... in forced reflection of mortality snoop mites risky homemade english muffin sandwich ( egg , cheese , ham ) paste cherry tomatoes i'm wondering who put the stuffed dog on my desk , peeking out from under my monitor , resting his chin on my keyboard . subtle , yet obvious ... and so cute . i'm not sure if it's my experience or just ... salve 6 inch pepperoni sub ... personally to me , and maybe this says something about my personality , but plastic surgery makes that part of you fake . lips , breasts , chin , wrinkles , nose ... it's like lying . then the argument is ... three quarters of a sandwich bag full of cherry tomatos someone brought them to work to share and i was a little hungry :) blueberry pie with vanilla ice cream frank sensual kisses , laughter , a play date ... troop many of the already posted things ... its hard to say one thing specifically ... in my own experience finding out a cheating so . then every word spoken hurt . stray just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you have to degrade them . males pretty good ... a little lame from resurfacing the deck & building stairs . my new furnace gets installed today ... i'm excited about a furnace , i'm lame in more ways than one :) stale i don't remember my dream last night ... the other night this woman was standing in front of me holding up a red shirt . she was telling me it was my shirt ... i kept telling her my shirt was similar , but ... yup ... i'm thinking about what i'm going to do today . i had some help putting the new floor on the back deck yesterday and i got all the old decking burned . today i'm going to put up railings and the new ... reels getting ready to help out at community day ... as long as they don't expect me to paint faces or make animal balloons it should be a good time . brain aww ... don't put your finger in there ... that's gross . shrew ham , salami , cheese , lettuce , & tomato sandwich , with chips digesting stink like this ... kinos spunk raspy pasty party ! :) batty lol :)