' i dislike being inconsistent . i also dislike half-arsed results . to improve my performance , i need a sleeping schedule that doesn't leave me feeling like a bloody corpse ... i've been trying to ... my ex was an infj . i like to think that every relationship can work if you put enough effort into it . perhaps entjs just don't have enough patience ? i know i struggle with that . i find all ... i used to do so a lot more a few years ago in my teenage years , not so much now . generally , i prefer to get things done as soon as possible . i like being organized and i like knowing i'm on top of ... saw this and started thinking about every single occasion someone has died . it's all been mostly inappropriate on my part , i think and of course it isn't something you can prepare for as it doesn't ... i've got a huge ( ! ) grey cat . he's adorable and cuddly . the latter isn't such a great thing in this ludicrous heat , but i still love him . i haven't given up on oolong , so why should he be any ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjPhzgxe3L0 yes , well , to each their own . personally , i like isfps much more than i like intps or infps . they infuriate me , but at least they don't bore me . then again , perhaps i just haven't met the ... i got an isfp . to be honest , it sounds rather wonderful ... i only know a few isfjs , one being my mother . of course i don't think all of you are as selfless as she is . that , however , doesn't make it any easier to deal with . : rolleyes : i'll keep that in mind . perhaps i should move in with one . : laughing : see this is why i like isfjs . though , sometimes you can be infuriatingly selfless . convincing you to do something for yourself every once in a while is quite difficult . i have a question as well , ... the aftermath by rhidian brook well , i've only met one and i cannot be 100 % sure anyway . i just know that he's one of those people i met the first time and knew immediately that i didn't like them . and then i did . and then i ... oh dear , i think you might be over-thinking it . relax a little . from what you've said , it seems to be going swimmingly . : laughing : i know . this is actually propaganda to make all of you think we don't bite . i certainly hope you put it back together . can't have it just spread all over the place for anyone to see . : frustrating : you are a savage . : shocked : that is actually a very nice comparison . : kitteh : this is what i've been doing so far and it has worked brilliantly . however , i literally meant how you manage to make an acquaintance your friend ? i usually click very well with esxxs , but for some ... awww ... the apology festival . it's really adorable . :p roud : luckily for you i have dated an infj . i suppose it can work out if you really want it to . ours was a very calm one most of the time . we ... your stare is charming . if anyone's intimidating from our lot then it's the intjs , though personally i find them more amusing ... but then again , finding people amusing is what i do . this seems to have turned into a bit ... my family quite likes to quote the year long one they give out on new year . i like to moan about how depressing my year's going to be for hours afterwards . it's a rather amusing way to pass time on a ... my list has an addition . tame impala - innerspeaker . i think i'm in love . this is quite amusing to me , because while i do do art and go to art school , i don't necessarily consider myself an artist . i despair for them . still , if his partner likes that why not just let her get on with that in her own time ? personally , i'd be really weirded out if my partner tried to train themselves or ... i switched to another course in my school , which means i have to repeat a year ( more like half , if i'm being precise ) , therefore i will have a new set of people to adjust to . it'll include a lot more ... so , the employers are looking for perfection ? i am perfection ( or at least brilliant at camouflage ! ) . hire me . dear intp sister , stop rearranging everything in my room . i have a system . it works well . there is a reason it exists . you are effectively pushing me into a large hole of utter mayhem . ... if i'm entirely honest , most infps seem to infuriate me ... but in a good way ! however , i could never be with an intp ( or an intj for that matter . entp ? maybe . ) . i know a bunch of them and while we ... first tell him he's being extremely disrespectful and he needs to work on his own superiority complex and figure out why he's in that group in the first place . i am not religious myself , but i would ... path ... or never get a cat in the first place . anyhow , i'd go with incompetence , apathy , negativity , lack of manners ... and a poor sense of personal hygiene . please don't come ... yes , very . i nearly melted because of a cup of tea and a small talk with a fish . i think that is all proof you need . : blushed : in all seriousness , it's not that difficult to figure out . obviously ... i'm not trying to make you out to be anything . you're doing it yourself . it's hypocritical of you to complain that everyone else are flawed , but when i point out your flaws ( some of which you have ... i made a goodreads account and now i'm writing negative book reviews for the books i've always loathed . it is strangely satisfying . perhaps i should have attempted to get it out of my system quite a ... very easily . you are making a scene , because the replies on an internet forum weren't the ones you wanted them to be . ouch . it must hurt . i know , because i've had that happen to me ... let us know how it went then too . i'm always interested in how seemingly apathetic people react to these kinds of things . : wink : right . so is this obvious trolling or merely a major hissy fit ? you come off more like that guy at the playground who knocks over other kid's sandcastles , because theirs is prettier . why ask a ... no , you don't . but if you continue acting like a spoiled child then you will be the one people want to get rid of , not the other way round . not necessarily . personally , i'd be flattered . besides , it's way easier to have the facts laid out , than to wonder what on earth the other person wants and why they aren't just telling you . it's ... i have a suggestion : discuss those problems with him in depth . tell him it bothers you and makes you feel uncertain . be honest with him and let him explain why he does it . it's very likely that he ... yes , that is rude . it is more than fair to express distaste for tardiness , but someone's looks ? it's common sense that you shouldn't tell people they look like a whore . how have you managed to get ... 5 . stating the bloody obvious : laughing : or it could be avoidance ... i am not saying all of you do that , but my sister certainly does . she's taken to saying things she believes i want to hear simply for me to leave her alone . it's rather ... 1 . multiple thick layers of apathy they've spread all over themselves 2 . no concept of common courtesy whatsoever 3 . utter lack of ambition 4 . insincerity love you , but sometimes ... i disagree with you . for me , personally , manners are incredibly important , as is respect for other human beings ( whom have deserved it ) . i've had countless conversations with my intp sister who ... i do not think you should be feeding wild animals in the first place . you are actively disrupting their natural behaviour , so they become dependent on humans giving them food as well as becoming more ... your total score is : 77 well , isn't that fascinating ... this whole post makes it sound like we're some sort of mythological creatures that can only exist in between the boundaries of our realm . but yes , some of us are indeed artistic . i myself go to art ... why is it that people don't understand the simple concept of knocking on the door ? also , if you do knock , it would be nice to wait until the other person invites you inside , not barge in after a loud ... '