' dear entp , i used to resent you so much , but now i'm becoming more and more like you . dafuq 0 words of affirmation 12 quality time 8 receiving gifts 5 acts of service 5 physical touch lols i always knew i didn't care for words . yeah my ego is too huge for my own good . why can't we all just get along ? puppies and rainbows and all things fuzzy and cute true that . i seem very mature most of the time . and then somebody pisses me off / unnerves me and i get so angry . i have a problem with the statement , op , that you are not selfish . if you don't give a damn about hurting other people with your honesty , then you are being selfish . i doubt you lack complete ... canis it's the relative value that matters :D jeez this thread is depressing . are there any entj women out there who are married and have ... kids ? might as well tack on and happy ? too haha , i kid , i kid . i'm not sure why i thought this was funny . i adore kids though ... and the sincerity of the kid's concern ... hah yeah , i mean , i don't care about him haha . it's more that these couple of months have been difficult as i've mostly just been having trouble thinking about my career . i wish i knew what i wanted to ... i've been getting a lot of sht ( even from some friends ) for not applying to medical school . sigh . still don't think i will next cycle though . screw these people . sorry , i posted the texts out of order . the first post i made was the last set of texts ( this morning ) . who the hell texts someone at 6am anyway ? like wtf . even if you're up , that's just rude . i was pretty hurt by what he said , not gonna lie . but geez , do i just feel bad for him . i woke up this morning seriously just not wanting to meet him at all and made up an excuse about dinner . his danger sense ? am i that terrible ? ^ ^ wish i knew where he worked . he was super secretive about it , but was not shy about telling people his salary ( which is not even that high considering his age and our location ) previous ... why does this matter ... ? i don't know if being entj is necessarily a good thing ... sometimes . just be the best you can be and stop worrying about where you fit in ... tom : are we still on for tonight ? what time ? what place ? 6:44 am me : 6:30 pm ? you can pick the place 9:21 am tom : ok . xxx bar . 9:24 am me : that's not a dinner place 9:27 am tom : yes . it's not ... but i really know everything and i am always right ! are you saying this isn't true ? ? ? argh . : tongue : i'm really frustrated with some people . i just know that i'm right about things , especially about insincerity / lying , for example . and i call people out on it ( not rudely but still ) and they keep ... will date an intp again only if he is mature and successful strategy is the only thing that matters . specific strategy for the specific long term goal . intp / xxtp / istj men i dated for the longest time . you go figure . it's not so much about being loud / bold / obnoxious , like others described , it's more about independence , confidence , self-respect ... you , op , just sound like you need more dating experience , imho . you should never be waiting on dudes , dudes should be waiting on you . :) or he didn't want a confrontation / a fat angry paragraph . life's too short darling . let things go . dear xxtp men , we will never be fully compatible , yet why do we find each other attractive ? we've really shared some of the worst and best moments together . i ended things with all three of you ... i think the lack of timely response has nothing to do with the fact that they are entj men . i've ignored / put off texts to guys simply because i had no interest in them . then there are ones i ... life is too good urgh . :p roud : did not read 95 % of your post . but i skimmed the end paragraphs . you are hurting cuz he has all the power , and you have none . doesn't matter what you do , but please , get yourself together and ... * hug * . everything is going to be okay . i know it does not seem like things will get better , but it will . let him come to you , and in the mean time , do something else with your life . don't grow ... yeah i know . i was just being nice . right when you asked me if i was hot , i knew you were going there nah , what i meant more is that i feel like my concerns were all more than adequately addressed . the fact that this thread is so self-centered bothers me a bit . but if you guys feel like discussing ... thanks everyone ! more than enough good points for me to consider wait , are you saying that there is value / learning from a relationship even if you don't want to marry them , or the opposite ? i'm 22 . up until now , i guess i have thought that a relationship is ... yes . i get hit on a lot . ... maybe . why does this matter also , i guess , i felt bad because i'm aware i have many flaws within myself too . and he's really put up with me quite a lot . just trying to understand if this is a general incompatibility issue or i ... i guess the only thing that's kept me from following my intuition is that i keep hoping he'd improve . also i'm aware that i just don't * know * everything . especially things in the future .  ... thanks for all the responses . knew you guys would be able to point out a lot of useful things . apologies for such a self-centered post though . hopefully this thread was at least helpful to other ... so in the beginning , a guy pursued me very hard and i was at the time not looking for a relationship . a lot of my friends moved away and dates are always fun , so i went along with him . we have a nice ... when you dislike people who compliment you too much . and when you get happy when someone tells you something critical yet insightful / true about you . this thread is also ridiculous . since when did being an entj have anything to do with sex hahahaha i'm enjoying the whole attempt by other types to understand entjs though . cute . you have ... i'm fucking hilarious . i enjoy verbal humor , deadpan , morbid , dry humor , irony , sarcasm , etc , etc . it doesn't matter . i am looking down on the whole attitude :) this thread is ridiculous . sorry your life is so difficult . you can choose to be jaded in any situation in life . the choice is yours . more like ... damn , some guy is rich . not desperate at all , actually . he has women all over him . i just went on a second date that cost over a grand . yeppp . not sure what triggered this thought right now , but when people are lying to themselves , it really bothers me ... for example , this past valentine's day , i confessed that when i was in high school , ... so , this is pretty awful of me but ... how does one go about trying to get to know a guy-you-used-to-date's attractive friend ... should i try to suggest we all hang out ? should i try to get the guy ... dude i've been seeing for 4 weeks now is making me anxious . this happens maybe once a year or so ? don't know if i'm more amused by the novelty of these rare feelings or annoyed ? he is ridiculously ... how i feel within myself is dependent on your desirability , no ? self-efficacy is dependent on desirability to a degree too . i'm not talking about happiness here , that's a whole other realm .  ... '