' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOgfZHxTgts lyrics are quite good but i don t like what they do with music ... it sounds like someone in bend wants to sabotage them http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agWwSsCP6KI one should forgive one's enemies , but not before they are hanged . nightfall in middleearth - blind guardian 3 expressing regret 4 accept responsibility 9 make restitution 1 genuinely repent 3 request forgiveness make restitution no ... when you broke up with a person there must be a pretty good reasons and thinking that you ve overreacted later is just pink glasses 19 out 36 i find it difficult to find friends cause most people describe me like unsociable asshole ... which in fact i am if you want call person that have no desire to talk with people i don t like and ... allo allo ... genious show from end of 80 cool but like nothing changes in song ... same tune all song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga2wJFGaSQg assasins creed iv : black flag harry dresden , uthred of bebbanburgh , king arthur , owen deathstalker , the doctor , john taylor , shadowthrone ... boondoock saints : all saints day then remember good times even if they were lie . sometimes truth just isn t good enough you are an inventor your imagination , self-reliance , openness to new things , and appreciation for utility combine to make you an inventor . the old sailors who traveled earth's seas were said to have loved the ocean . the great captains said they were married to the sea or called the sea their mistress . modern sailors held no such ... simple beautiful . it s like beggining of something new ... full of hope but also fear . simply beautiful http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raBJdS2CmTM titan ae so you re saying she acts like female ? i rather enjoy when people tells me i m scary personality of suzie shooter , look of molly carpenter and mind of hermione granger don t like it but i m using it cause there aren t any normal phones to buy i actually more like publishing houses that aren t directly under dc but they are part of it example vertigo comics . dc has great stories and great heroes just their problems are multiple series ... i think charity organisations are fraud for money laundering so i ll never give them anything ... and from my experience most people who are beggars are just too lazy and they don t want work only when i m drunk i don t take notes i have no idea how women think i don t care what anyone thinks of me the dark eye : demonicon dream fury imothep what do you consider by romantic period ? alexandar psychology is a fringe science imperator star wars ( original trilogy ) moff alderaan tsunami firefly point people are cheap assholes it doesn t have anything to do with personality ... go to them and say them you want money now i don t have internet no one should forgive one's enemies , but not before they are hanged . mix between german shepard and illyrian sheepdog capricorn why don t they just shoot voldemort ? star wars '