' i guess my philosophy includes ideas that confront the assumptions of binary thinking . a lot of this is an echo of what's already been said , but i'll say it anyway , just in case it's useful . when i'm all wound up , i need to find a quiet space and write or make art out of the ... infj here . let me see if i'm synthesizing our ni metaphors into easy to fold layers . ni : defrag system which arranges the important files and packs away the unimportant + nebula creation ... 1 . what's your mbti type ? infj 2 . are you a fast or slow reader ? - slow-ish , although it's always relative , right ? 3 . are you an auditory or visual reader ? auditory . 4 . do you find it easy to ... in conversation with my intj father , we burrow into ideas together until one of us reaches some kind of epiphany , and we both run with the idea , a new paradigm for seeing the world . often , we spend ... dear younger infj self , oh man , does life get better after this . it's kind of like dorothy in the wizard of oz . one day , you realize that you had the power to do what you wanted all along - - ... i am probably reading in the corner or maybe listening while you talk , nodding enough so you know that i know that you know that i'm listening . it's so easy to lose hold of my sense of self , when i'm out in the world , as i think so intensely about others , and it does help , to have some sense of self to walk around with , just in case i ... what does it mean : an infj question ? it depends on the type of trust . some types of trust i give away freely - - because ( especially for folks who have not been trusted in the past or who are marginalized in society ) it can be ... classic nj response here . plus , time is a river that i'm standing in . the water is up to my waist . i'd love a digital calendar shaped like this . i was particularly interested , though , in the ... a migraine is actually a mini-stroke . this is why you can get visual disturbance , sensitivity to light and sound , and vomiting ( i didn't believe it until it happened to me ) i used to see a migraine ... this picture makes me happy ! i don't have a photo handy of my furry guy ( a maine coon black cat ) . i wonder , though , if i reflect who my cat is , rather than the other way around ? this might seem like a superficial or silly question , but i'd love some advice . i'm having a difficult time getting myself up and out the door in the morning , and i'm wondering if anyone has ideas on ... i heart netflix ! to the op , i think your own interests are key ! if you can relate each topic ( ni-style ) to your own interests , then i think you'll have much more fun with learning . also , to make a case for the value ... i admit . i've got to use calendars and to do lists to keep stuff happening . my head stopped working for details long ago and - - well , my work requires a lot of project management , so i've gotta do ... i like using the name human on internet forums because i think there's a potential , when online , to forget that each user is a live human being somewhere , with pain and joy , with a fondness ( who ... ronnie , i think i had a similar religious upbringing to yours , and i had a rough go of it . my belief ( at age 4 ) that i was an evil sinner whom god could never love ( or , in the words of one ... in order to respond , i have to admit to reading medical studies for fun ( please don't judge me ! ) but the latest studies show that eating disorders ( particularly anorexia ) can be more common in ... http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-7.75&soc=-8.46 i really like this grid thing . sorry ! maybe i overreacted in my post . protective instincts , deactivate ! i wonder if feeling that no one can truly understand us in not just an infj condition but a part of the human condition ? ( warning : geek-alert ): the existentialists believed that what we have in ... actually , it makes more sense to me to worry about the future . if something's already happened , there's nothing left to worry about , because i can't prevent it from happening anyway . ps , but not ... i will wear my heart upon my sleeve for daws to peck at . othello . act i scene 1 . i can relate to both . when i'm in a position of leadership , i take on the ethical infj role . when i'm not leading , i'm the intuitive infj . i'm in agreement with everyone who's posted encouragement so far . kids who say things like this are not only mean mosquitoes . they're just plain wrong . please don't try to survive on only 600 ... thank you for the welcomes ! i know it's a gross generalization to categorize an entire movement according to personality types . still , i'm curious . how would you type some of the major literary or artistic movements in history ? ... after i guess a few months here , i finally decided to take emily post's advice and make a formal introduction : how are you ? i'm human . i'm an infj . i like literature , yarn , bicycles , index ... when i sleep , i sleep like the dead , with vivid dreams ( all 5 senses ) . i recently learned that not everyone dreams in color - - and was a little surprised to hear it . i agree with everyone above . i've had to learn to tolerate interruptions at work - - and find ways to find solitude when i really need to hyper-focus and get things done . often , i'll find ways to work ... my big sister is an enfj . she always told me that she was shy but not quiet , while i was quiet but not shy . i think she was right . enfjs are smart like that . and i agree with the charisma thing ... i have a cat , and i like cats . apparently , my first word was meow . i promise i'm not a cat-lady , though . confused . what does my profile picture have to do with anything ? in thinking of my responses to the thread on infj phrases , i could only think of phrases that i just can't use , most notably : it is what it is . - - - because often , it isn't . the phrase feels like a ... are you vegan / vegetarian ? vegetarian . i do eat dairy and eggs . do you follow a strict schedule when it comes to eating ? i eat when i realize that i'm hungry ( which is sometimes a while after i'm ... my favorite valentine's day tradition : hanging out with my guy and making fun of the weird obligations people place on each other for valentine's day . i pretend to expect chocolate and ... brief disclaimer : i know there's something official called chaos theory , and i don't know any of that stuff - - i don't think chaos necessarily is something bad or destructive . to piggyback from ... to be invisible ( at least sometimes ) . just my personal experience : 1 . do some introverts come off as peppy , optimistic and enjoyable ? can you be a ray of sunshine around others while still needing time alone ? people sometimes see ... i have two : maybe the greatest madness is to see life as it is rather than what it could be . x97 cervantes ( in don quixote ) the real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes , ... tea . making stuff . reading good books . cats . yarn . franklin covey . flowcharts . fancy stationery . index cards . libraries . i'd love to second the suggestion about boundaries . it's probably hard for most of us to imagine ( because infjs are probably hyper-conscious of the boundaries of others ) , but some people really ... dad : intj mom : tested once as enfj , but i suspect that she's actually infp - - or infx sister ( who really ran the show when we were kids ): enfj i have to agree with mrniceftw , that a photo misses a lot of what could really be going on . from what i see in the second photo , though , i start wondering about longing - - for something that may or ... i don't know if this is at all useful , since it's observation of another couple , but just in case - - my dad's an intj and has been married to my mom ( i think an infp ) for 40 years this year ... i'm curious . do you read ? meditate ? watch mindless tv ? bake cookies ? knit ? sleep ? do you have a secret hideout that nobody knows about , or do you turn off your phone ? okay , i'll play ! - - - source : keirsey temperament website - portrait of the idealist ® counselor ( infj ) i'll bold ... i love all these examples , and i can relate to all sorts of them . how did you guys know my trick of remembering the level of passion in a teacher's voice to know the right answer on the test - - or ... '