' i'm too busy for this , and i didn't think i'd meet anyone who would deny that intjs tend ( as in , there are always exceptions to be found , case in point ) to be smarter than esfps . i'll get back to you ... yeah , people like this are going to be sort of distracting , so i'm calling it off until i have the resources ( i . e . post count ) to make my case in full . cheerio ! it doesn't matter . i can't think of any definition of emotional intelligence which would make a proportionate intj more emotionally intelligent than a proportionate infj . yes , i have . your point ? infjs have more emotional depth than intjs . i didn't say anything about infp vs infj , fi vs fe . you're irrelevant . do you claim to have analysed all relevant studies ? ... ephemereality , that's just gold . label me ' cognitively biased ' and call for sufficient evidence right before employing an anecdote ( edit : lol , make that two * ) . well , sir , what if i was to say that of ... i would agree that it wasn't large enough to be representative , but when the ratio was to that extreme even in such circumstances , one can sketch the conclusion that most scientists and architects ... two very different kinds of genius , and not the one that i'm addressing . look , no one is denying that . i'm in complete agreement with you . but when , despite composing 25 % of the entire ... edit : i compiled about a dozen site sources over a half-hour to read to be able to post links or images your post count must be 15 or greater . i'll have to get to this later . mbti is by no ... oh , i'm genuinely stupid . i made several claims . which of them do you find stupid ? 1 . an intj is often found to be smarter than an esfp . 2 . intelligence is partially influenced by our ability to ... come on now , are we going to deny that nine times out of ten an intj will be smarter than an esfp ? correlation does not imply causation , sure . because you type as an intj doesn't definitively render ... i think this would be better phrased as one cannot assume upon meeting a person that they are intellectually superior / inferior because they are intuitors / sensors , which would be quite correct . but ... it screens for ' vision deficiency ' , not iq . you are not intelligent because you can distinguish between shades of color , and nowhere on the page did it claim that . right . i would think that is because we use the other functions selectively , while the dominant is the default psychological state and is therefore always ' on ' . dominant-auxiliary loop ? assuming ... there is no hard science to back any of this up what would you say of dario nardi's work ? the function order assumptions of myers , beebe , berens are simply that - assumptions are they ... yes . neither are games to be played . and no . i was and am looking for answers . things kicked off when your friend came into things assuming an argument from a question , and i followed the tangent if you ... . you seem to have skipped over 5 points . if i acknowledge that we're playing a game ( and just for fun and games , i will ) you agree to address them . bold . beautiful . irrelevant again , but wrong , again . words are not ( definitively , i . e . necessarily ) concepts , they express concepts . perhaps a better metaphor would be atoms , meaningless ... is that so ? hold on there . i ' read offence ' into statements that were blatantly intended to be offensive , sure , but what's to say that i actually am offended ? does arguing now hold prerequisite ... i understand your ego was hurt was intended to be offensive . i find this to be ignorance rather than stupidity was intended to offend . or am i jumping in front of bullets here ? i do see his ... i wouldn't agree . to deliberateky seek to offend someone and then apologise for being sophomoric is not consistent behaviour , and there is a noticeable difference between being blunt and outright ... no . pretty much the only thing you could reasonably derive from those two sentences was that i disagreed with you . you then go on to announce that my ego is hurt . you intended to offend . now you're ... i think it would seriously benefit all new posters to read previous posts . i wasn't proposing my own beliefs , ' matter of fact i created this thread seeking for ( informed ) viewpoints to formulate ... the position that objective truth either does not exist or cannot be ' known ' relatively does not necessitize it is pointless to seek the truth . in fact , given that knowledge is subject to change as ... intx because wolfs are loners . infp : angry : huh , not a bad idea . a philosophical position that does not concern the process of thought does not necessarily impact a person's thinking . so , how has studying philosophy and its various subfields led you to that ... skepticism is to doubt the truth of , an act . the latter is the philosophical position that truth does not exist or exists beyond the realm of understanding , and does not necessitate the former , but ... i would agree , but what exactly is your point ? my post concerns the ideology that nothing may truly be ascertained , not the dynamics of skepticism . talk about first world problems , op . what did i say that would denote that ? how does the position that nothing can truly be ascertained ( i . e . of the more extreme skeptic ) translate to ' skepticism of skepticism ' , which would imply ... factoring in a bit more research , i've narrowed it down to the epiphone aj220s and the yamaha fg700s , most likely the former . but what would be the difference between a dreadnought ( dr220s ) and an ... neither of the aforementioned are definitive of skepticism , and skepticism of any level does not negate the ability to reason . the neocube . we are incomplete without the neocube . this would assume that a ) you must always necessarily act on your beliefs , and b ) that it is irrational to act or believe without definite knowledge . you can't really be wrong on a subjective observation . asserting that she was an infj could be wrong . supposing she sounds to me as one can't . anyway , where does your auxiliary te come into things ... right . the epiphone aj220s seems the most likely . everything else plus the solid spruce top , and sounds great . the yamaha fg700s has been recommended but i like epiphone's sound . can anyone spare ... am i the only one who has never heard someone genuinely propose this claim ? in fact , i've met a fair share of sexists , and none of them were men on women . maybe it's different in the states or ... would you agree that truth is binary , and that there is objective truth , i . e . something is either true or it isn't ? and do you believe that truth can be ascertained in absolution , or only perceived ... i've scourged the internet but the nearest one isn't very near at all , unfortunately . so what materials should i be looking out for ideally ? there are some with solid spruce tops , mahogany and ... you can't dictate what is good and what is interesting , they're relatives . to you it may be so , but to me , my god , they are not . value can be measured somewhat objectively . an environmental ... eh , i'm up for a little challenge . i don't mean fingerstyle as much for playing with the fingers as with consecutively ' picking ' one string after the other ( as with both songs above ) , as apposed to ... i was thinking to buy one off amazon or something , not a whole lot of guitar shops around me . youtube tutorials work : tongue : nah , i'm planning on setting in my own strings . d'addarios or ... actually , i hadn't . what would sound better playing a piece like this ? i looked up some covers and saw a fair proportion of classical and steel strings , couldn't really differentiate between the ... i've always had it in my heart , but only just now have gotten around to it . not looking for anything above $ 160 ( with my state even that'd be pushing it ); at most i could push for $ 240 , but i'd ... i accidentally voted yes , sorry for ruining the streak . as long as i can completely pull my own weight , i wouldn't mind , but dependence would make me feel vulnerable . qualified teachers would be awesome . '