' note : as far as the homosexuality thing goes in nature , i advise you to look at the paper that i posted earlier in the thread marked can animals be gay ? . anyway , back to the thread . i have two things to say as far as homosexuality goes , and how peoples ' perceptions have been presented to me . first , whenever i hear that homosexuality is wrong on ... weren't you saying that you wanted to marry your hamster ? i feel like we're playing 21 questions . can i marry something that can fit in a breadbox ? oh , i'm sorry . here i was thinking that human beings were different from potato salad . my mistake . i'm so glad that you could enlighten me . well obviously it's their lack of moral code , inappropriate behavior , and their tendancy to eat little christian babies . watch the movie and the band marches on . aside from clawing you eyes out , it's pretty informative . lol . any excuse to go to california . and i don't want you to think that i voted for hitler . oh i mean jan brewer , i'm sorry . we aren't all racist pigs . but seriously , stay away from tucson , most of ... see , i do not agree . the more i talk about type , the i see that people think that this is a nurture type of thing and don't give the nature side any attention . if we evolved from monkeys , at which ... i am such a weird intp . i don't think that praise is my driving force , but i want people to think that i know what i am talking about . that's why i am going to school to get my doctorate , because i ... on a related subject ... where can you find entp's in the real world ? as an intp , you guys seem like my best friends ever . but i think that i have only ever met one of you . do you guys avoid tuscon ? i ... evolution and mbti . this can include , but is not limited to : which types are better at different time periods . historical types and how society dealt with them . why sensors are more abundant than ... well . i think that is my cue to exit stage . thanks for the data guys ! i don't see a video ... of course , i could just be an idiot . yeah a baseball player gave it to her . oh you and you're judging facet . i'm pretty idealistic . i liked the idea , but everyone got it . too easy . do any of you like languages not including those that were immersed in them early ? it seems to me that they are very sensing and i hate them . that could just be how people have tried to teach it to ... lol . i don't know how i feel about you guys . my best friend is dating an intj and i love the idea of him ; i have yet to meet him . i feel like we would absolutely love talking to each other , or i ... i think they call it communism . everytime i see jessica alba i think two immediate things : damn . she is super hot . then , just after that , oh right she has herpes . i liked v for vendetta , but they gave you way too much . it was ... tell people you don't have a facebook . they'll look at you like you're a poor , impoverished , depressed introvert who should probably be in an insane asylum :) my b . your way makes more sense . sorry , the world of feeling is very strange to me . i'm probably like a 5 % on feeling . chimeric that totally makes sense ; even as an intp , i live in a world of ideas and possibilities , and often reality does not quite translate . my enfp friend is the same way , where she cares most ... i don't listen to my f side . it is undeveloped , and is most often wrong ; it manifests as red herring arguments and ad hominem statements . i work best on an it en level . i know i tell you guys in about every entj thread that i visit , but i love you entj's . you make so much sense . n2freedom , if i ever need insight into something that i don't understand , i'm going to ... i think that it's funny that you have qualms about the idea of sexuality because of religious preferences , and a flaming homosexual is your profile picture . irony's hysterical ! that is a nice way to put that . thanks ! i have that problem . i feel like nf types will be people that empathize the strongest to such types of feelings from others , although i know almost no infp or ... the nature and homosexuality idea cannot therefore be reduced to such simple components . with the bible thing , it's more of a man shall not sleep with a man like how they do with a woman . personally , it seems that it explicitly says hey guys , no homos , pedophilic or not . but ... got to be careful with almond milk . i have yet to encounter a brand that doesn't use carrageenan as a texturizer , although it begins a process that leads to colon cancer . if you want the research , ... are you sure you're not a sensor ? i have yet to meet someone that is developed intuitively that is very religious . it is an interesting idea if you are ; from my knowledge set , it seems that religion ... i like enfp's . they make sense . absolutely . count me in . so long as i can have a thinking framework to say why : tongue : sorry guys , i was totally kidding about the idea people thing . i guess that's one of the disadvantages about a computer ; sarcasm is not always too clear . as for the extraverted thing , i agree with ... i know exactly what you mean . i got in a fight with my ex best-friend's mom because i didn't say hi to her when i thought that she was asleep . i think that the people who are going to notice the ... i realized today that i don't filter myself around my intj friend , and that is a problem because i'm at work and i'm a thinking asshole at heart . i realize that about 99 % of everyone in there now ... i've been obsessing about mbti for like a year now . definitely an interesting line of research . if anything , ( askide from the guys , i don't know why ) it seems almost all of you are at least up for it . makes sense . that idea thing ? story of my life . why can't others be ideas ? and i totally agree with the facebook thing . i think it represents everything i hate about society . you are hysterical . as for the issue at hand , i kind of have an advantage talking to girls because enfp's have always tried to develop me extravertedly and i connect with girls better , but to ... joellr 17 i think you're my intp role model . i'm pretty extraverted for an intp i am finding the more i read . but i think sensors have the biggest problem with me when i look deadish because they see my features and lack of enthusiasm and think ... are you an enfp ? am i allowed to ask that ? it depends . if i am extremely interested in a topic , i will be motivated enough to learn it by myself . usually however , that does not happen . otherwise , lectures are useful to me but only if it is ... lol i love intp's . along with what haldir siad though , who is to say that personality type is not genetic ? has there been evidence either way ? yeah rift i sometimes forget that my thoughts might ... ugh . definitely not a yin yang . but , i do like what you said at the end graficcha . i definitely need to think about it more . interesting . maybe it's because enfp's have been my bread and butter since i was born . i'm kind of an abnormal intp . oh my b . from the enfp's i know , entj's could very easily come off as controlling . and the second that you come off as controlling , enfp's disappear , in my experience . at any rate , they would ... don't lie to me . feelings have nothing to do with this . unfortunately , i have yet to find one of you in tucson . : crying : except my aunt . but i think that i shouldn't count her . alright intp's . something that i have been mulling over for about a month is what tattoo i should get , and where it should go . i want it to represent equilibrium because i think that as science is ... '