' totally random .. i still exist .. hello ... :D emotions or feelings are the valuations that we put on facts , situations , circumstances . these valuations hugely depend on our upbringing , moral standards , expectations etc . and are therefore ... hey niss .. :) nah , my n ? s was always pretty close . i just typed myself multiple times at different occasions and what came out was intj . and i have not gone to the intj forum .. i was simply not here ... random wave ... hello ! : happy : dear istj , sometimes you are an emotional bulldozer . i love you anyways , your istj . it was horrible ! sitar alone is ok , its kinda weooohwaaaeooohhhaaaooowwwhhheooowhhh ... in kinda dark nighty sounds . but the flute over it going ... dear no idea about personality type neighbour ( s ) , this country has clear ( ! ) rules about loud activities , meaning , there are certain time frames where you can do anything noisy and be as loud as ... ah .. the other maths .. :D physics major ? : mellow : deleted . too long .. too whiney .. too whatever . dear istj love of my life , gaaarghhh ! ! ! you ... yes , i know you are stressed out to no end . most likely because of work . yes , i know you play star trek online for winding down and ... hello to my life ! .. isn't it annoying ? its so annoying , these people ... sigh . dear enfp-friend , your double standards get on my nerves big time . i hate it , with a passion . your evaluation of my current issues is wrong , and your problem solving attempt is ridiculous . why ? ... hm , i am 6w5 and i am obsessed with my work . i always work . dear catastrophe mood , seriously-you get on my nerves . i'd appreciate if you'd just go away , there is nothing to worry about . its absolutely counterproductive to dwell on things that could go ... especially to the middle aged male ist's : i have a few questions on how you guys deal with health issues , doctors and all that . as already ranted about in the rant / rave-fred : 10 months ago , my man ... dear beloved istj , i worry about your health ( and i'm a 6w5 , so i know it can be extremely annoying-this worrying ) . you had a stent put in not quite a year ago and you have high cholesterol . ok ... rant : high cholesterol and obviously too defiant for a life-style-change . and hence , calling me condescending . rave : well , i at least started running again and it seems to work quite well . so far . beloved istj , i am sorry , i was being an idiot . my mind goes sometimes * boom * down the shitroad . i then have a very selective perception and everything i think has a very intrinsic logic . i hate ... colleague , really ? you gave me a wrong si-correction factor , completely pulled out of your ass ? knowing it is a wrong number ? really ? because you wanted the rsf for iron being higher than silicon , ... dear niss , thank you for your thanks . i just came home after another meaningless day and found 11 thanks , all from you in my notification box . that was nice .. :) ama dear autocorrect , you really fuck up my posts . it's embarrassing . when i write exactly , i mean it .. among other things . sincerely , one annoyed grammar-nazi . oh , and btw , ex best friend : thank you for sending me your grant proposal again . i will-as always-scan over it , finding it personally insulting that you hand me 20 pages full with grammar and ... dear ex-best friend ( yeah .. ex . ) , sigh . sigh . sigh . that's all i can do . i lack the energy and the interest to even really talk about you anymore . it's just so tiring to follow your ... let me step in here for a second . from my own experiences with my own man - well yes , it might be blunt and honest , but as well it is punishment . and there are two ways to deal with this punishment ... * giggles mbti enthusiast i'd gladly be your roommate and put mine together with yours . deal ? ? ? ( plz ) she burnt my brand-new iron pan , which she then soaked in water over night .. iron pan ? water ? uhoh .. ... downgraded ... awesome .. perfect fitting word for soon-to-be-ex-friends or friends within my mental whatever - * rolls eyes - area ... need excel-advice , if anyone here knows the deepest depths of excel . i have a diagram with a gazillion data points and i want to click on one specific point and see it in its corresponding data ... dear still best friend , sigh . i dunno , but i think you have severe self esteem issues . you need to fix that . it is draining and annoying and above all embarrassing to see you reach for ... i did the test too and it came out that i get melancholy in control and inclusion . but the affection .. nothing fits really . supine paired with melancholy . i love to show my love to my man and my ... when i was a child , i remember enjoying playing on my own , roaming the woods and fields , imagining all kinds of stuff and later i kept my nose in books like crazy .. my grandmother said often i should ... could you elaborate ? i like that . the melancholy surely is mine , i feel comfortable in that . nowadays , anyways . when i look back around 10 to 12 years , and i still have poems i wrote around that time , i think ... thank you guys for the answers .. :) just the day after i wrote that , i stumbled across a radio show that described melancholia as one of the personality or temperament types , as opposed to the ... dear fellow istj's , since quite some time , i am wondering , if my need for solitude , or my contentment for solitude is actually normal . i just like to be alone in my four walls . because i can ... sorry in advance .. but : hahahahahahaah ! ! welcome to germany . a wonder there even was a telecom shop .. ;-) edit : i know how incredibly frustrating that stuff is here in germany ... so , no offense .. we ... from my istj point-of-view : when i think of a relationship towards a person , i think of two points ( people ) with a lot of different emotional connections that i can describe as strings / yarn or so ... thank you for that .. i am not alone .. kitchen towel thingy-we don't have one . i fear she might kill herself with it accidentally . she is 20 years old , i am 36 .. i think that is far too much ... dear kinda ( still , dunno ) best friend , i don't know , whether i should laugh or cry-but what i really want is to punch you in the face to rid you of that facial expression you carry around when you ... rant : ex-best friend : stop giving me relationship advice ! it's like a blind giving me advice on color . ah damn , i am moving this content to come to the dear ... - thread . rant : my roommate is ... dear me , still re-reading your own two last posts here and still cannot believe it ? yeah , i know .. calm down . the world is doomed . sincerely , your higher self ... dear best friend , most likely soon to be ex best friend , when you go on like that ... , i talked to you an hour ago . at least you kinda pulled yourself out of the loss-thingy , but how ? ? ? by ... dear best friend .. or whatever you are ... , sigh . i know , you would never understand , why i am feeling like i do . you were pregnant , now you are not anymore . ok . keep trying , if that is what ... i once had a boyfriend , who always said i'd deserve better . he put me on a pedestal and it lasted one more year . it was horrible . annoying . he had severe self-esteem issues that resulted in a ... love hate love by alice in chains is awesome . and man in the box .. besides all the others . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9jX1KAKp78 i so love this song , though i love the original best . trent reznor has this screeching noise in the background that fits so well to this kind of pain . did you know , that this cover by johnny cash was ... you are quite a joker , aren't you ? that really made me laugh ... there is one thing , truly mature people have plenty of and that is humbleness . you seem to clearly lack this one . you by now have insulted at least three long time members here , whose opinion is ... can you elaborate , what it is in rap that kinda gets you , please ? '