' damn ... i wanna reply :P oh ! since i'm already here ... teleportation / dimension travel :) there're essentially the same thing ... but ... assuming creative dimensions exist where dimensions are created ... the bird is the word ! enchante madamoiselle lol learning french . comment allez vous ? :D welcome . good morning starshine the earth says hello ! me personally hmm ... quiet , reserved . i personally have the tendency to tell you everything about myself first thing . hopefully persuading you to reveal something about your life so i can begin ... no , but id like it to be clear that's what i am to them ... so i can keep myself from becoming attached no idea . childishly venting problems ... luckily there's another thread for that xd whether i'm a good person or not whether i'm an idiot for not being logical then realizing the contest to who's smarter than one another is ridiculous since life is so short ... the knowledge will be ... has to do with the top wanting to feel more manly and stuff ... really i agree ... gross nothing is true everything is permitted . saying everything about yourself when looking for a partner is paramount i'm gay ( not a choice , but many would think so so technically can be considered a ... don't forget your personality can always change though ... at least i've discovered that ... welcome and stuffs . enjoy this family of ridiculousness :) if they're shy ? not at all . though i very much am often too shy to talk to anyone ... but once the ice is broken i'll pretty much tell them about my entire life so ... if they are slow to open up ? fine ... unemployed ... does not pay well :-( yeah talking to somebody ... are you committed ? are you ? cause your sex chats flag me you may wanna use me as a side while you have a committed relationship with your girlfriend ... and your ... for me ... wanting to meet a counselor so i can give them counseling and advice on their problems while they help fix mine xd sister pisses me off ... tells me being gay is a choice . insults me as much as she possibly wants ... lets say even in bed there's things i don't like but will tolerate so someone else wouldn't b ... not at all ... i probably wouldn't talk to them either ... if you accept that every fault is perfect ... then you'd never have to lie ... idk i've changed recently ... could never really hate anyone ... this is trolling , but . everyone in the movie forgot / stopped caring for those in hell . sacrificing yourself for someone else doesn't change your personality it was meant to be a stupid movie ... dimension travel : what ? i would travel countless dimensions aquiring other power . attain immortality ensure others happiness have at least 144 children for every zodiac / chinese astrology ... getting through life bearably till i die ... ultimate ... goal i am both intj / intp you aren't proficient in everything . those tests don't value specific fields . it is a basic test fulfilling the needs of a certain area . it's more of a test on how well you do in school and studying ... sulk . grab a blank expression . fantasize suicide oh yes ... and others confusion after my convoluted posts ... just kidding you so aren't ! lol jk i enjoy pointing out others pride to enhance my ego . and sloth is only an aftereffect of my resulting self-pity when no one wants to console me . and claims i get arrogant ... others being impressed by me the pity and regret my family would feel if i committed suicide people outsmarting others . only to have them outsmarted in front of the ones they're dominating ... the refugee looks around the classroom , taking in the diseased faces of the children before him . in shock at the news ( i know , two sentences ... ) or to find the rationality in what your depressed about . i suppose it depends on how often you express those feelings . and whether you find them to be rational after you've used them a lot sort of . i agree it makes me feel worse admitting weakness . and the people who i admit weakness to claim i am just wanting them to feel sorry for me . because i want to make myself better than them ... or white ... that way no one can read it ! it's hard to read . dark pink or magenta may not have instigated a negative response . ahh i never get tired of jargon :P okay . i find jokes about genocide etc . to be funny because of the absurdity ... but miss marchand , he said , tears of blood streaking his face , women over the age of 60 are more susceptible to the virus ! i won ’ t even begin to undertake the editing that needs done … but . i felt like compiling and continuing “ one day , larry the wisdom tooth woke up from his nap in the tall redwood tree ” , said ... they're too hyped up on social etiquitte to argue . cause the find it morally wrong . hmm . this may only be my friends mentality but whatevs don't you backtalk me ! annoying geeks :P as do i feel alone and trapped . and all 7 of my chakras are weak or closed :( but i am not willing enough to change my personality to fix them . it is more of making it sound dumb to make a dumber person laugh i'm an intj . i have accepted death as bunches of old people have . but without the undeserved humility . i guess i wouldn't know . i more theorize how it is an insult to the one who died by mourning ... very dumb ... but ha ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnNxLsad5Kc i learn how to use all magics available . and am one of those scientific wizards that create new spells i do have a black staff with a black orb and purple swirling inside , but it's just for show . i ... when i was 17 or 18 . some subject came up who is the most repetitive in spanish class . everyone unanimously said my name . of course it was mostly because i asked the teacher to repeat statements ... even though it was three years ago i thank you for posting on my birthday . i'm intj / intp so ... i am extremely bored and perhaps thinking about gaining some kind of power that allows me to be ... better be a big one .. that didn't sound right how do you define agnostic ? here's a link to my definition of heaven . http://personalitycafe.com/critical-thinking-philosophy/151402-what-your-defintion-heaven.html#post3853441 should the afterlife exist , and i was the ... i don't think agnostic means afraid of debating with religious i think it could possibly mean . you hope there is an afterlife . so you can continue existence . but also believe religion is cracked up ... i have no idea what canada day is ... the abbreviation op ... makes me feel powerful when people say that on threads i made ... i ... have nothing to say to that . it's none of your business when i have intercour ... ahem .. nevermind that stinks . well ... you can find some and shoot them off anyway . i play with fireworks even though it's illegal in the state i live in . though why they would sell them here is beyond me ... didn't ... http://www.theslideprojector.com/images/art1/chapter9-thelandscapeofsigns/thestatehospital.jpg according to pottermore , i'm slytherin , and i'm intj / intp '