' no , you're not the only one going for independence . i almost didn't even bother looking through the rest of the list after i looked at the 2nd choice . i also chose independence . independence ... for work , like me . for fun , everything else not like me . here's my dancing skills youtube - i can dance ( jon lajoie ) it's not that hard to figure out . can you pull the sword out of the stone ? if you can then you win a place in his heart . you must prove your worth to him so he will see that you are a worthwhile ... i don't know , hard to say . the first one might be too cheesy like cotswold cheese . past : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPMkJ_Nt82s present : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqPbk8Rdoq0 i think he's stuck in some kind of feeling state . feelings are of course only temporary , but i'm thinking that he's probably too dependent on people to be happy i . e . girlfriend . i believe it's hard ... thanks for the replies . i figured out that much that no amount of logic will help people who are strong f's that is why i'm trying to understand him better and how f's function . it's the whole reason ... i used to be the king of sarcasm . i kind of toned it down a bit but i do occasionally like to use it when the time is right . how do i go bankrupt if we aren't competing in the same market ? : laughing : hello , i have an infj friend who is male . he's going through some depression stages right now and has axiety problems . help me understand him and infj's . tell me some stereotypes about yourself . ... yes , that's what i thought also . i talked to some people on the official enneagram rheti forums that's how someone gave me their analysis of my results . their thoughts were all scrambled and ... one owned by me of course . i don't want to run someone else's company . i'd rather run my own . icepick inc . where people chill at work . i think the point was annoyance , i'm not too keen on the details though . i didn't understand it , it sounded like someone was mumbling things together . can you summarize it for me ? too much gibberish for me . yeah , i'd like that too but generally i attract those kinds . when she comes off as too clingy i start running away . if you want to make it with an entj you have to play it cool . but i find i need ... i have no idea what doc love's system is . but reading the link from nastycat i can tell you : what to say and what not to say ? just say everything , you'll learn quickly enough on what not to say ... your primary vals ™ type is experiencer , and your secondary type is innovator . the primary vals type represents your dominant approach to life . the secondary classification represents a particular ... books , preferably something on my amazon wish list lol . money is okay , but if you gave me money that just means you weren't trying hard enough but it's better than giftcards . but i honestly prefer ... http://imgur.com/gQOCG.jpg pretty much , we're always questing for self-improvement . i am always improving myself doing something new . i get bored easily so i get into a lot of subjects and areas in life . but for now how i'm ... i don't want to push too hard or be pushy at all . why push for things the other person might not want to get into yet ? i like things to go with the natural flow . the person might be great for now for ... everyone is going to be different . i prefer mine to speak with music instead of lyrics . youtube - vega stage theme - street fighter 2 youtube - street figher ii - vega / claw / spain ( piano ) yeah we're totally screwed ! run for your lives ! all hells broken loose ! you don't have a family ? are you an orphan ? can i call you little orphan annie ? see entj demeanor can be quite ... that's interesting , i see that your n score in your signature is quite close to mine . i wonder if that has anything to do with it . physical fitness is important . you become who you hang out with . you hang out with a fatty you going to become a fatty . you hang out with someone who exercises you're going to end up being physically ... i have two microphones . does that tell you enough ? in relationships i like chemistry a lot . so far i've only met two girls who created a lot of chemistry . it's like the most fantastic feeling in the world you just feel the chemicals surge through ... do you ? this is how i imagine you now . http://i100.photobucket.com/albums/m18/chrisphotonic/muscle_woman.jpg yes , it's quite possible to find underdeveloped destructive entj's but i'm not quite sure why you would want to find one . because if you do the person will probably just blow up in your face ... so if you consider a man an animal and humans are animals , what does that make you ? you're not an alien are you ? : crazy : yes , you could say the same thing with sex . there are consequences to it ... yes , i am subconsciously attracted to good hips and thighs . the measurement is somewhere along the lines of this girl , she has fantastic hips and thighs . the hips and thighs theory is not bs , i am ... yes , i like high standards but it's just not practical enough . if i'm attracted to a woman then i just am . i didn't selectively take the time to think about it and choose to be . my brain fired off my ... yes , probably someone purposely told others that it's a brain test and people believed it . probably a bad entj told someone that it was a brain test , okay which one of you entj's is responsible for ... people actually misinterpret the spinning lady as a left brain / right brain form of test . it is actually created as an optical illusion and often mistaken as a test . self-deprecation ? no . but when i do feel the need for more information i ask intriguing and challenging questions to arouse the interest of the rest of the people around me . as far as prefacing a ... you mean mormons ? peregrine falcon . because when you become an english teacher you become the master of english grammar ? then you can smite and crush the stu ... errr ... i mean then you can teach english and grammar properly to the ... true , there are more con's than pro's for religion but you have to remember that other people are the feeling type and will follow what they feel is right . it would be quite difficult to lead the ... i am non-religious and i don't consider myself an atheist because it would just make me another type of theist . i intend to find the answers on my own and accept the truth in my own terms . i think ... yes , this is why i do the opposite of vanitas . first i shutdown and focus on trying to solve the problem rationally . then if a solution is not reached i become cold and controlling and then i plan to ... true , we are not shy or trying to purposely elude everything . i find that most of the time if i'm not genuinely interested in something and find it boring i will avoid engaging in the activity . it's ... pursuit depends entirely on experience . your results aren't actually saved for us to see . which ones did you feel have a flaw in them ? why did you feel that you did not like it ? left brain - right brain hidden talents--brain 116 men vs women a majority yes , but daylightsun is dominant right brain . who talks more with words and language ? women do . when a woman tells a ... but how are you going to rule the world if you don't take another test ? my guess is going to be left . somehow i find this difficult to believe . feel free to take it anytime . right brain / left brain quiz well from what i have read most women are left brain dominant and most men are right brain dominant . women tend to have highly verbal and conversational skills while men tend to be less developed in ... well only one way to find out . i listen to this when i have a difficult time sleeping . relaxing music , sleep-aids , anxiety reduction , relaxation tools '