' an interesting subject to ponder . i'd say infj , at the risk of being sucked up by a notably severe and testy tornado that seems to know everything there is to know , and more . neko was posing a ... that is indeed the question . you need a major change , but how on earth to go about it ? i know not nearly enough of your situation or other issues to even begin speculating , and why would i ? i've ... openness is sometimes difficult for us types . for me , i dont need to necessarily be open to everything around me because my imagination is capable of supplying me with many of the things people seek ... the thread caught my eye . and thats a very good song . i worked with a grumpy old man that once said he didnt have any friends , just associates . they have a pupose that serves you , and they come ... ha ! bang on my good man . it just so happens i've had the exact same issues with the exact same kind of relationship , and i'm sure you will be quite saddened to hear that if you are on your second ... ' by golly , we arent just thinking anymore , we're thinking about thinking ! ' same seemingly annoying unproductive selftalk . i find that on paper such levels of awareness appear to be productive and ... you know come to think of it relalizing that romance itself is literally chemistry , does have a way of destroying the magic of love . the almost foolish belief that it is an epic individualized ... i am most intrigued by this article . it makes perfect sense . and i agree with the both of you on this superego tendancy for desired attachment . i feel it as a deep , soft , endless yearning for ... i just started working as a server at some two star greasy local restuarant . about two weeks in i decided i was going to party all night and go into work just like the good old days . this restuarant ... damn folks this thread is hot with talent . im even seeing some rap style , which is genius with syllables . keep it up gents and ladies . is it great minds think alike ? or minds that think alike do ... thanks paul , im writing this down , you know what your talking about . curious speaks of the raven this way , a bird who learned rhymes of astounding array he found it a language so good to portray , the things that he knew in linguistic display . and try as he did to ... wow harm 0nize , insanity reminds me of my ' last straw ' freak out moments . the eyebrow raises and i just cant effing take it anymore . hearts madness . yeah i absolutely needed to test the creative ... agreed ! idle hands and all that jazz right ? as i see it , so far as advancing in the real world and getting things started it takes a tiny fraction of the effort over thinking does . indecision might ... sweet jesus and his many fine deeds what a poem ! ahh the resonance ! it has a way of calming the nerves , and a happy ending no less ! your efforts bless my nest . a merci m'lady * sigh * alas if love ... that is awesum harmonize . untrained poets are the best . i am also not formally instructed in such arts , and that doesnt keep me from being a messy eccentric amateur linquist . thanks a bundle for ... damn you have a way of hitting the nail right on its honorable little helmet . thats exactly the nature of the vibe dalien . and dont get me started with u2 . their widespread fame is certainly not an ... great way of articulating it justjess . i totally get that feeling alot when something goes south . i feel like the only true power i can have is total and utter aversion . to leave the situation ... completely subconcious haha . i'd never thought of spelling it any other way . gives the title a vibe i enjoy . thanks for correcting me but i intend to keep the k . the tune is a royal masterpiece . thanks umbrellasky . thats a great poem and a super insightful story . i can relate to your sad clown . do we not at times lose our way .. ? you are skilled indeed , and i welcome more of your work ! ... oh i've done some nasty things in my day , the roller coaster of life refuses to go up at a steady pace ( or i refuse to allow it to do so ) it is in this way i see the merit of learning who i am and ... i share this dilemma completely . thinking is my strength and i will admit to using this faculty more than any other given to me . realizing how many people inhabit the world , seeing the cycle of ... not interesting ms ... fascinating ! have you any of your own ? or perhaps any favorites ? or are you too cool for such things hm ? from my amateur analysis of the ennagrams i'd have to admit it likely has much to do with it . its me me me all the way home . the world vs . raven , and they are taking notes vel ! hahaha . thankfully ... ladies and gents , on the topic of stephen colbert , the man is a ' linguistical ' genius . him and jon stewart are the only reasons i watch fox and cnn , so i will understand the freakishly candid jokes ... oh my fellows , you have ignited me with that which you have shared . dalien the imagry and vibes of your poem totally hit the mark ! the battle is fresh in mind . i can taste the struggle in this one ... as long as you keep from resentment and bitterness , eventually i think your desire to reach out will become stronger than your tendancy to keep to the sidelines . its a pivotal moment thats going to ... this is a shout out to the poets and the rappers and the sages , for words that go together tend to last through the ages , syllables and parables , ballads and rhymes , cuz there aint no better way to ... i can totally relate to your first two goals and their explanations , as for # 3 you relationship aspirations are very humble and pretty . my brow scrunched up and my head tilted and i made a sad face ... i think vel might mean you just seem cold to people who dont know you when you arent in a comfortable environment with your friends . say i am walking somewhere by myself and someone passes me on ... a fantastic idea femaleinfj . i will start the revolution by slowly washing by hand my dirty dishes , while imbibing them with love and appreciation ( excluding the forks as i've never really trusted ... i think people give up easily because they dont even percieve the situation as giving up or giving in . its almost like a special brand of hypnosis that surpasses things like strength or willpower ... the conspiracy i fathom indefinently , and the split second i have enough ' evidence ' im as good as naked in subzero piranna infested water . and then what happens ? rage , exasperation , hopelessness , a ... spoken like a true fellow four . to truly practice a mindfulness of tempered steel which is not oblivious to the power of consistancy , reliability , service , and perpetual understanding , drama must be ... alot of valuable insight here . btmangan , as i was reading your post i imagined the mbti scale in my head , the four categories and their opposites . ( im no master of the system yet so i wont be getting ... i find myself just really relaxed and enjoying life , i can only imagine what its like between her and her boyfriend ( having that kind of peace of mind ) - ethanol ( sry im dumb i never learned the ... thanks slyke , your my god damn hero . im not sure if i'll ever be like you , i chose a long time ago to embrace instant gratification , and for better or worse that decision is in the past , which ... knights in white satin autumn leaves so wonderful to read runescribe , i have had such revalations before , where the dark blanket of clouds dividing planet earth and i part ... and slowly my feet return to the ground , and everything is so ... so intrigued and envious of your dream recall and lucidity collossus ! i find it extremely difficult to stay lucid when i realize i am dreaming . mainly because i get an instant feeling of dread and ... i am soldier , in the midst of combat , in a war torn building which has been recently hit with heavy artilery . it is daylight . the foundation remains , and some of the walls . the smell of burning wood ... haha turns out you know alot more than i do . so whats the answer ? why success for some and not for others slyke ? i can't burden you or drag you down from all the way over here , at the very least its ... the irony is im one of the ' monsters ' in question slyke . albeit a demon with a heart of gold . from my perspective for the longest time i viewed sober people with discust . they were lame , and weird , ... good question . i tend to avoid crowds as completely as possible , but in unavoidable situations like classrooms i'll be ' perched ' in the back corner like nikki and vonlenska . the birds eye view ... what do you teach mr.death ? american history ? spook i totally have the lethargic thing in social situations too ... i dont even know why i do that anymore , but its such a powerful habit .. maybe some sort of defense mechanism . i was hanging out ... pure gold dsv 2e . you have articulated my confusion very well , and i now see the door . oh it matters not the source , there is nothing new under the sun , you rose to the occation , and the tale struck a chord within . i have the author to thank for that , but since he / she isnt here i had ... athiestguy , that link was a mindf * ck . thank you . oh man vizier , awesum idea for a thread every main charactor in the entire star wars saga . watching them all again would be annoying to me , but i've always been just glued to the rich full scope ... '