' when you've come across someone you can't read very well , what are the reasons for it ? are there certain types of people you find harder to read ? i was telling a friend about an acquaintance guy ... i guess i'd consider myself a muscular infj . ( haha that was so fun to say , even just in my head . ) by that i mean , i get toned and put on muscle really easily . i'd say right now i'm toned without ... kind of nothing . i mean ... it's so effortless that the conversation and understanding just rolls along - things in motion stay in motion . i just run with the ease and usually these conditions allow ... 1 ) heh , usually i have a problem with feeling like guys are coming on too strong or too quickly , but i think istjs are possibly an exception - much more likely to come on too slow and for me to ... the only advice i have is to think about yourself . this is not yours to fix . he is pulling away from you , and my feeling is you can never really pull someone back , they have to be driven by their ... double post , thanks server gremlin had a nice breakfast out this morning with a side of discussion about deeply saddening social issues . meant to start work on writing a final big assignment today , after weeks of slogging away at ... i like your brain : happy : option 2 , because i find my level of attraction grows and intensifies with intimacy . i have honestly thought that people i've been in love with were insanely beautiful and desirable , and the better ... 394282 have a hug ! not loving and accepting yourself is a horror i know a lot about . it's only been in the last couple of years ( having just turned the corner into the 30s ) that i sense some ... the only way you'll really know is if you give it a try . not that i'm suggesting you should . personally i find fun and laughter to be a cornerstone of a satisfying relationship , not an optional ... wrong i second what gifford maxim said . that was the problem that came up between me and my infj as well . he put so much into pleasing me that he didn't really spend time gauging what he needed and ... i hate feeling full of hate . friand same sensitivity , emotionally and physically , which is very . what is shown in a given moment , that is probably something i have a touch more influence over than in the past . but what is felt is ... i feel like i've had a similar problem with this . part of the problem isn't simply that there isn't enough time , but that i am so hyper aware of how much time there is left in a day and of the ... reliability is about being there . if you say i'll be there . i'll do that . then just be there and do that . it's basically about not contradicting yourself and your expressed intentions . don't say it ... oh , and changing the scenario by asking what if you were doing the same thing but in a relationship with others is not really valid , in my opinion . you guys are single . her spending time talking ... exactly these . a great conversation , for me , rivals great sex . i will keep talking to someone i have enjoyable , fulfilling , stimulating , educational chats with as much as possible , for as long as ... i think a lot of people don't like being given direct , blunt orders . but there are people who don't like having to take responsibility for decisions . it can be pretty shitty being the drudge , but ... i'm usually more hesitant to begin with when getting to know a complete stranger from scratch . i'm somewhat wary of people who want to fall in really quickly and spend all of our time together ... deleted because repeat post you seem to have the right idea fern . lots of exposure through different sources is pretty much the key . i've found with languages that the brain is very much use it or lose it . it will retain ... knowing and wanting to accept is not the same as accepting . emotions and needs don't run to contract . if she really was so bowled over by how apt the gifts you got her were , no matter how small or ... ew . fountains and water features in towns almost always mesmerise me . i feel drawn to watching the movement , and invariably have the same internal battle over whether i could go into the fountain . the ... the thing i find funny with infps is that you actually do end up imposing shoulds on others , despite not using directive means to do it . my little brother is the one everyone else tiptoes around ... thanks for sharing this ! some insights here that i haven't seen anywhere else , and it's actually illustrated my infp little brother and me very well . it's funny because i somehow expect him ... this is lovely . i'm so glad that you got to experience that :) it's funny because i know i've had so many good moments in life , and a lot of poignant moments , but there is this one day in my mind ... hard to know what your behaviour was and how these women perceived it . i was going to guess that they are seeing and interpreting based on their own limited worldview . for a simple example i used to ... i don't think it's so much a matter of how well your heart chooses . what is your heart after all ? is what we're experiencing down to myopically seeing the beauty in someone , willfully ignoring all ... i hope you're taking it easy another number . i'm sorry that there are still people around who want to tell you what to do or what is right , either directly or indirectly . i really appreciate getting ... if you're really insecure about it and wonder if you're missing out , why don't you give it a shot once in a while ? i've experienced longing for that kind of action , longing both superficial and ... don : istp peggy : intj betty : isfp joan : esfj roger : esfp sally : estp bobby : enfj rizzo : entp ginsberg : enxp pete : entj if this is the first time you are meeting in person , then i can really understand him holding back . i've met people off the internet before and the connection through chatting online doesn't ... some of the people i admire the most on perc are nt women . i have a crush on how they have a combination of great reasoning skills , a vault of knowledge derived from reading and research , humaneness ... did you come across natural horsemanship ? i'm not sure if i have been close to a female esfp yet . i had an exfp best friend in junior high school who probably was esfp rather than enfp but yeah , i won't include her in my response . the ... i second this . it's crazy that it's taken so long to start understanding this but those totally random bouts of sadness are usually associated with being tired , sick , weak from not eating ... congratulations on your achievement : happy : although not looking at the same line of work , i feel like i can relate to the anxiety and personal struggles you're having upon anticipating entry into ... false if you have the freedom to wear pants or a long skirt and you don't have a meeting with a person of authority today . unfortunately my poor stewardship of my laundry also means that i dress ... being out of underwear is the worst . time . stop focusing on yourself here . do you really want the best for her or do you just want what you want for yourself ? what happened was painful . wounds need to not be subjected to insults ... the most annoying thing is that what was wrong in my relationships were things i could predict early on . i saw the limitations but for some reason when it comes to romantic relationships i keep ... that sucks . i hope you have a better experience one day . wow , i wonder why that happened . i don't think i've experienced that kind of cruelty yet . had an entp once be harsh and dismissive to me in class , then told him afterwards that it made me feel ... bad experience ? my mum and my other bro are nps as well . it's hilarious how i always have to be the one to call the restaurant to make the reservation if we're going out to dinner and how i've had to learn to ... interesting . i don't do much of it these days but i actually love performing ( acting , music or dance ) . i did some acting in high school and was pretty good at it , especially when i truly put myself ... '