' mind reading , telepathy , psychic powers ... i am kind of confused about the role of shadow functions in our personality . as an infj my shadow functions are ne , fi , te , and si , which are the same as the main functions of enfp ( in the same ... my type : infj enfj extravert ( 22 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) feeling ( 6 % ) judging ( 67 % ) you have slight preference of extraversion over introversion ( 22 % ) you have distinct preference of intuition over ... hmmm this makes me think that if done right it can be a pairing with a lot of potential . i dunno , it's the fact that infjs and infps have opposite cognitive functions ... interesting . staceofbass that's a great example of what to say actually ! it's direct enough but i don't feel too demanding saying it lol i have noticed then that infps prefer when people are direct with them ... nichya yep i have found infps to be a bit hard to read in depth . oddly enough i don't find it hard to read enfps i don't want to suggest a relationship right now , i know that she feels similarly ... but infps * aaare * cute , soft , and cuddly ~ lol i don't know how to explain it but infp's actions / expressions are so cute and gentle too . but definitely not unattractive . ehm anyway * ahem * by ... nichya we spend time mostly at college , and it's a mix of one-on-one and in groups ... recently though it has been more one-on-one . the frustrating part is that recently we have been spending less ... i like to get to know them a bit before i type them . but most of the time i can tell right away when someone is an extrovert . according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.56 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 2.39 , ... yeah , it took me a while to gather my strength if i can call it that to decide that i had to tell her . there is no other way right now . face-to-face is what i'm going for , that way she can't ... not really . just me comparing myself and other infjs i've seen ( mostly online , etc ) and the infps i know . : o hello guys , i have feelings for my friend who happens to be an infp and i am thinking of flat out telling her that i like her ( yeah , yeah we're gay ) since expressing my feelings is pretty much ... this this this this thisss ! and then you keep over analyzing whether they like you or not so much that it eats you aliiive . then you feel like you need to confess your feelings so that ... - the infj will need support and verbal support from their mate . criticism is death to the infj type . yeah , i love feeling supported and i often ask for advice as well . but as for criticism , if it's ... i am torn between ... the road eternal - i love travelling , i love going to different countries and experiencing their cultures and all . i also love nature . the idea of going to another planet is ... i agree with you ! not so much with your reason of not wanting to have kids because you don't want them to suffer in this world though . pain and suffering is part of life . but i don't want to have ... i am single because i haven't told the person i like about my feelings . i think she likes me back but we're both shy and kinda playing a game of cat and mouse at the moment . i plan on telling her ... you're definitely a fe user . so either infj or enfj . i don't dislike a type specifically but i've found it harder to get along with sj types and harder to connect with both sj and sp types ... oh it's not really a big event , i just plan on telling her after a class . i told her that i needed to talk to her in hopes that she would give me more or less 10 minutes when she's free later that ... thank you ~ yeah that's what i thought ... i was nervous so i said i need to talk to you . will use can i talk to you next time hehe ... yeah i've noticed this about her . she doesn't ... i've never even met another infj :/ i just eat somewhere and accept any present given to me . make sure there's cake ! ! ! if i'm alone that day i will also go eat somewhere if i can , if not i'll cook something awesome along with lots of ... grape nuts and almondmilk ~ healthy and surprisingly delicious <3 https://33.media.tumblr.com/cb093e45080269b9776b4f6531ce29b1/tumblr_ncklcgdpu61qfzcnbo1_400.gif a nice afternoon nap . probably like half and inch . if you had all the money in the world what would you buy ? what am i gonna have for dinner . if you aren't really friends with them it's not rude . but if you're friends with them then yeah i think it's rude . hello guys , i have a friend who i have feelings for who i'm pretty sure is an infp and i'd love some advice from infps . a bit of a long post so please bear with me . :) also , yes , we're gay . just ... the 90 ' s ~ for me it's japanese and french . currently working on both actually ;) pretty bad . sometimes i feel misunderstood and i find it hard to express things so that other personality types that are really different from my own can understand . pretty alienating as well ... just passing by but i have to say , as an infj who likes an infp , this post is very enlightening ~ sorry , i hate emotional things . could you stop talking to me about your problems . i wanna talk about superficial things like cars and the weather . i like how similar we can be when it comes to interests , opinions , and things like that . also i like how we can relate with each other's life experiences being introverted and all hehehe ... but i ... oh heeeck yes ! i guess it's maybe because of fe vs fi but i think that infjs are by far more expressive with infps . i find that it's hard to know how infps are feeling sometimes . as for ... i do value physical attractiveness . i like being in shape , i like making my hair look nice ( very important ) and wearing nice clothes . well , i don't try too hard though , at least not for my regular ... this ! i do connect one of my failures to every other failure in my life . all the time ! and it sucks so much ... i also jump to the worst conclusions , then to find out that things weren't as bad as i thought they could be . but yeah small thing can mess up my whole day and ... well at least when i say sorry for things that are similar to what you described above i do it because of common courtesy and not because i am extremely sorry for leaving facebook to do the laundry ... '