yeah , i do ... unless i have sufficient time to prepare n write on a piece of paper in an organized manner lol . calvaire what is it with u and clouds ? ? lol . but those are very beautiful , just like soul said . except the one hiding cats under the bed during storms , pity ur cat lol lol ( ! ! ) . this whole para is hilarious , wanting to go to hogwarts ? ! ? but the funniest part is finding the 9 3/4 platform , you must be just 7 or 8 when u began reading hp or watched its movie ( ? ) . i ... i had a good laugh at this one , thanx a lot for sharinnngg ! ! ! : laughing : why would ur cousin explain to u d whole subject when u r just 4 or 5 ? ! lol . fyi , i nvr understood the whole thing until i was in 15 .. for 15 yrs ive been believing that all it needs is hugs and ... this is just for relaxation :D :D :D i am wondering what are other infps childhood beliefs , because these are my childhood innocent beliefs : 1 . scientists are studying moon because later we ... havent seen any pinoys here so not sure bout them . but as for me , i usually will bring out the ' merry attitude ' in my writing when the thing i want to say is actually ' serious ' but i dont want any ... you mean , they speak some of malay words ? actually , many of malaysian words originated from philipina . im also not sure how that happened , something way back in d colonial age i guess true ! i also will never entertain a guy when he is d same to everyone , the default impression is that he is a player.meaning , the more chatty the guy is , the harder would he get me . guys who r more ... i was born and raised in malaysia , but migrated to australia 3 months ago so im now in australia ( perth , to be exact ) in case u never heard of ' malaysia ' its above singapore and below thailand , ... gosh , replies by u all made me feel im not infp enough ! ! everyone said she / he likes nature , library and cafe . as for me , i like to window shopping ! ! nothing attracts me more than a shopping ... understand myself realistically : quite ( esp after learning mbti ) others perception on me : no at all . but always tend to think people r judging me & ppl's ignorance on me is bcoz of personal ... how do we make new frends on fb ? ppl will usually accept only if there is mutual friends , at least 3-4 mutual frends i supposed . and .. ya .. id love to hv a new fren too via fb , whom i can discuss things ... we're so out of topic but what the heck : tongue : 1 . yea , newsfeed are cleaner nowadays . but .. although there's no more requests for games etc , people can still publish their game result / quiz score ... gee , u must be a very likeable person . u're like my twin ! i regulate myself sooo strictly too , coz i fear judgment n criticism . my tagged photos cannot be viewed by anyone but me , all my albums r private except 4 pieces of photos so that ... yea love the private messaging too : tongue : kiobravo didnt u notice that beginning a few months ago , we no longer will see the game requests ? the requests hav been separated by fb , we now only see statuses n other firends current activity ... haha , thanx for completing the phrase started ... i didnt thought it to be that way but nvr mind sadly , all of my friends are hooked up to fb so im just gona just stay in the boat .. :d ry : im too busy worrying if the fb friends dislike me than whether i am interesting : sad : first of all , yeah i saw un on infp page , ur using d same profile pic :) i tried twitter , i only followed famous celebrities n after a few days i get bored n never log in again . i dont see it yet ... ya , i go completely insane too on fb , saying things i wont say in real time conversations.how is it that u r okay if random acquaintances see what u've been doing , coz , im always on alert ... alwiz ... what distinct u from other facebook users ? let me begin : 1.before writing a status , i'd worry for hours that nobody is going to like or comment my status 2.if nobody comment my status , i'll ... married an entj , quite challenging to adapt.barely have anything in common except for very minor stuff : confused : im really 2 good as a master of ceremony . audience always thought that im an mc imported from television stations , but im not . i was the lead mc for convocation , and have emceed at national level ... me too , was so happy after finding out the infp thing n knowing that my ' weirdness ' could actually be defined n is actually bcoz of my personality . and yes , become happier meeting people who are like ... aren't we best at writing ? i mean .. those literature thingy im infp but i cant say im a good listener , i always tend to cut someone's sentence in d middle ( out of excitement to know the next fact ... hhye chris i honestly share almost all traits with you - i also dont take criticism very well ( i go all crazy when learning that someone dislikes me or said s / thin bout me behind my back . i ... hmm thats pretty weird ( but maybe coz of d accident ) as for me , i looovveee silence . i do listen to song once in a while but most of d time i want silence . i always ask my entj husb to turn down ... im like that too ! i alwiz get very defensive when ppl hold an opposite opinion than i do but since im not very good getting my points across , i tend to stop replying n let the other win . it looked as ... yea , you have a lot of valid points there emphaticman ... hey but when im with my boyfriend ( b4 getting married ) , it's me who is the very clingy one u know , there is very rare occasion when he asked me ... my biggest prob would be dealing with criticisms . i always take them personally , i would have a sleepless night after knowing someone has just hate me for what i did / say to her , and get very upset ... nikson first of all , uurrgggh i hate it too watching the es dominating , i just wish i have a little bit more e in me so that i can get across my message too to the rest of the members . es always ... im an executive in a corporate company ( oil & gas ) but i wish im a writer or a journalist or an editor at the newspaper or magazine company : tongue : nyx thanx a lot ! it actually did occur to me that i shouldnt have used the word ' brainstormin ' coz i remember , during brainstorming sessions , all points are taken in . dont know why i proceeded to ... ( edited : the subject is not ' brainstorming session ' bcoz usually in braistorming , everyone's idea / point is counted in . i would like to refer to the formal office discussions such as business ... ahhahaa thats very funny i loled . cant imagine the flying n sliding dear batman cappuchino as u may already notice , im infp like u all but i really want to know how you infp siblings of mine can stay quiet during a brainstorming session , speaking only when u got ... top 5 movies : the devil wears prada the devil wears prada the devil wears prada the devil wears prada the holiday i wont list down the singers / songs coz im from a country where neither of ... i would consider myself clumsy ( ive lost my wallet so many times , had to re-apply identity card twice , broke my glasses frame several times coz i just kinda throw them everywhere w / out not a bit of ... ya i've done it ! it gradually f . a . i . l . e . d and it was damn embarassing : sad : this was a few years back when i was attending the orientation in my company , there were bout 60 + executives ... i think ur more inclined to n , coz my husb is just like u , he likes calculating capital investments n depreciation , how to make business efficient etc although his background is engineering . he is ... thanx a lot all of you , i'll try work it out : happy : hehe i find ur reply tickling n i was laughing alone while reading it :) : tongue : as an infp , i usually confess my feelings betterthrough letters & emails . but , people always say a confession through letters / emails aren't real , it's only real when you talk face-to-face . sadly , i'm ... i love writing i love reading people's blog / celebrities gossip i love asean food esp thai i can watch the devil wears prada a hundred times n not get bored of it : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy : i can relate to you : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy : thanx angel this is very insightful ! mmm u gave a good real life example how estj parents can be good to an infp child bottes its coz krysray is an estj ! * sory if u already noticed * i think , what happens is there are certain people who wudnt approach the talented speakers becoz they might feel insecure just looking at how well these speakers can talk , im just repeating one of ...