' i don't know . i have fantasies about outer space , but i don't see the point of leaving the earth unless it's for the sake of the earth or humanity in general . not saying i wouldn't though , because ... - potential for heightened awareness , especially when it involves human nature and the human mind . - indirect expression ( writing , composing , creating etc ) - many people have mentioned this ... like many people have stated on here , it doesn't go away . the more you try and resist it , the more it pushes back , and the more you analyse it , the more you realise how it's a fact of life . if you ... i would do as sean connery has done before me . 51108 agreed with whoever said that everyone likes to whore themselves once in a while . i mean come on , even introverts need stroking once in a while . because well , without stroking , a part of you would ... oh infps , you deep , flowery anti-social bastards . not to mention handsome / pretty / good in bed too xd hmmm , well , i took chemistry as my undergraduate major , and i was about average , but i was probably the dumbest / laziest in my tuition group and all the other groups i had to work in . now i'm ... lol , this made my day xd it's true ;) that's quite a list ! i like how you put balance / moderation at the top , because that's a very important perception to have and many people struggle with . i personally put big-picture thinking at ... do you think you have them ? you do ? so are you living the life you always wanted ? well ... let's discuss . cv / resumé writing , networking , team work , management , leadership / influence , critical ... wow that sounds awesome ! never had much exposure to interpretive dance but sounds interesting :p and definitely good to be open minded and try something out of your comfort zone , regardless of ... now that you mention it , it is something that comes from within . i don't really mind dancing centre stage if i'm in a good mood , but as soon as someone comes up to dance with me , i become all stiff ... really ... that's pretty cool and astonishing xd in the past most girl friends i went out with always caved after the 1hr mark , and they were always belly aching afterwards about how it's looks over ... yeah , nowadays i'm starting to see myself as more of an ambivert , but definitely on the i side of things . i should add that i lurv dancing all night long , but i couldn't do it every day xd also ... i'll give you and vanille a hug ;) * bear crush * i fucking love dancing . this should be a meme , lol . but seriously i luuurv to dance all night long :D ( and yeah i'm an infp D; ) spot on . now that i've realised this , my imagination runs wild . i think a lot of it has to do with mindset and societal expectations . gonna get a little controversial here , but the word monogamy ... everyone likes an adventure ;) it's like a drug :D you know you're not an enfp when ... you're going abroad tomorrow and haven't booked a hotel , and this worries you . you secretly fantasise about being an android ( a hardcore android , none of that ... after a long period of depressing near-isolation ( preparing for a career change ! ) , i decided to go out with a friend over the weekend , and it made me realise how much i miss dancing . yes , dancing ... there are times when i start to doubt myself , and wonder if there's any point to everything . there are times i wish i had someone who would understand my pain and my heart . there are times when i ... sigh ... we can still dream though right ? :P hmmm low self-esteemmm . i guess so :p but only because it's really clashy to be introverted and also an nf ... although , if most of us get good at doing what we want to do , i'm sure you won't be ... wow , loads of creative jobs , as expected of ze infp ! :) 1 ) musician ( producer , composer , singer , performer ) - any genre or media that i like . 2 ) indie video game developer ( i have a dream of ... friend / acquaintance ( likely extraverted ): you're staying home alone again this weekend ? you should go out and have some fun like normal people ! my mouth : yeah i guess you're right ... me ... another infp :) ) ) you've come to the right place ! :) deep , contemplative topics will shortly follow :D hi dgostah ! a few words : follow your dreams / passion . judging from your picture you're a musician ? :) well , i'm a musician too and i just decided to pursue my dreams after like 4-5 long years of ... infps ftw ! ! ! welcome :) it doesn't register when i swear ( british guy here ) , because i tend to just use it for self expression . it only gets uncomfortable for me when people start using it against each other . swearing at ... hi ! umm , i'm an infp ... so i guess we're pretty close ! xd only difference being apparently you like to plan things well in advance and i tend to leave things to the last minute , or at least , ... i wish i was dna helicase so that i could unzip your ' genes ' ? how's that for a come on xd i want to be a music producer now but once upon a time i was at university studying chemistry and a ... i actually thought of it as a handicap before someone else ( an esfj of all people ) pointed it out as a preferential working method and the creative element as maeve puts it . especially if you do ... i actually think this too shall pass is pretty relevant given you're saying it on the right side of the fork ( not opposite of left lol ) . as in , if you say it when you're in a situation that traps ... hi all , i'm not gonna lie , i'm here for some f * cking kick-ass discussions about the purpose of life , the nature of reality , whether or not sweet goes with salty , and everything in between . ( but ... hmmm ... when i'm being diplomatic and listening to other people's opinions / generally trying to be nice and it gets blown back in my face . when people don't get my point of view after many ... you came to the right place neonite , under the loving embrace of fellow infps :) i've been where you have too ( still do ! > < ) , and yes , you have a right to be heard . the world can be a tiring place ... i think it depends , personally . a year ago i probably would have been thinking the exact same as you iinnffpp , but 2 years ago , that couldn't be further from the truth . so i've basically been a ... '