' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCztVAF_f0k alcohol does , indeed , help . to answer the question , my iq is 129 , and it was professionally administered . but , it doesn't mean anything to me--i don't need a number to tell me i'm intelligent , i ... shall i play you a song on the world's smallest violin ? i really don't get how you guys think she's an introvert . she's said many times about how extroverted she is , and she was voted most talkative by her high school . i can see an introvert being ... assuming morality is absolute , can you explain to me the absolute best moral choice out of every situation ? i'm assuming you cannot , and on who's authority should we accept these truths ? it cannot be ... hello all , i originally joined this site in late 2009 , and i lurked for many months before . i had just turned 19 and started college , in search of myself , and i used this forum to help discover ... 1 . log in after a week or so of not being on here . 2 . look at infj forum , sees that all the new threads are already ones that i've seen and discussed in the past . 3 . check the new posts in case i ... i hope everyone realizes the difference between a nice guy and a , well , nice guy . www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOX9l4Ys7NY i would retire my account since i don't ever come on here anymore ( and i don't really care about mbti anymore ) , but why put an unnecessary restriction on myself ? i'm not a virgin . in some ways , i still wish i was--i lost my virginity to someone who i wasn't in love with . the girl i'm with right now is , and if it weren't for that one girl , i would be too and ... i'm 21 . i'm young , amirite ? having the feeling of being alone . being able to tell a lot about a person just by their energy . it's almost like i've known them for years . and then , if they find this out , it freaks them out ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6NdY-KFRyM i think it might be more of a biological thing and how you were raised more than how it is based on your type , but i can see how type could play a part . as for me ... yeah , i'm nowhere near an ... i suppose i still am , but i've lowered my standards so much to where i date people i don't even like , probably just to not feel alone . i'm a little disgusted with myself at the moment . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRNYp1IiUuE&ob=av2e i know what you mean . i've had this same problem for the longest time , and i too can seem to spark relationships better over text . weird . but , anyways , i've just forced myself to be a little more ... i can imagine most infjs can relate to this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4XQfDd0iMc don't trust test results . that being said , i could very well be an infj type 3 . my views have always been that i will never have sex with someone that i know is just gonna lead to sex and that's it . up to this point , i've followed through to that , because i can't imagine giving ... for me , like most of you , it comes out very early on , but i try to control my tongue for as long as i can , so i hardly ever say it at all , at least intentionally . at the beginning , i think , it's less ... right now i'm debating whether i'm an entp or infj . sounds very strange , but both of them fit me . who doesn't get a little genocidal every now and then ? walter may actually be an infj , not an intj . the reason i say this is that it's very clear to me that gus is an intj , but there seems to be some variance between them . i'll be able to explain more ... bout damn time ! i'm a dude , so it's kind of embarrassing that i like this show , but it ain't too bad . the only two i know are lorelai and rory , and they're esfp and infj / isfj , respectively . http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_3hyaG4pNj4Q/Sr61wNAIA2I/AAAOA/cvTDWWktd3Q/s400/entp+poster2.jpg http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_3hyaG4pNj4Q/Sr62F7f5nyI/AAAPA/UMA_zC3VMPk/s400/ENTP+poster2.jpg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YOEO7jtIs4 i would say you're an esfp or enfp , probably leaning stronger with esfp over enfp . you're not introverted . at all . are you seriously basing your dating life based on some personality theory that may or may not be bullshit ? i seriously hope this is a joke thread . it's getting that bad that i can't tell if someone is trolling , or just flat out fucking stupid . as for who's going to win--unless romeny wins the ... congratulations ? ? i never made one in the first place , so ... hey ? i'm not sure why i'm even making this , as i'm probably just gonna retire this account soon anyway , but , ya know , just thought i'd make one . you're typism . honestly , i don't really have a specific type that annoys me . stupid annoys me , not type . that being said , for the love of fsm and all that is holy , i am never , ever , ever ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kynUSL8fr_4 since this isn't the first time you've posted something like this in the two years i've been here , it's in all likelihood depression , dude . i had the same symptoms for , oh , 7 years or so , and when i ... i'm my own partner . edit i guess that's what i get for not reading the whole post . can i come tuck you in ? you're probably a 3 , then . i'm a type three myself , and i fall into the more reserved category with most people . i would still consider myself extroverted , but people who talk nonstop actually get ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wc4XsRqXQ7w fairly common . i'm a 3 , but a 3w4 , not a 3w2 . not at all entp . i'd say istp , or estp if that doesn't work . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAuCN65LaB0 took the words right out of my mouth . just so everyone's clear , getting a percentage on a mbti doesn't mean you're 75 % introvert . it means you can be pretty confident you're an introvert . back on topic , i'm pretty much certain that ... yeah , same thing happened to me . fuckers . dear stupid people--just because i don't show it doesn't mean i'm not judging you . at least you keep me entertained . excuse my misogyny , but fuck ... tell me about it . but , ironically , i'm dating a girl from california who moved over here a while ago , and i met her through ok cupid . didn't actually expect that thing to produce results , but it has ! ... i'd say obama is most definitely an enfj . speaking to common values , but sticking to his own internal vision , etc . sarah palin--esfj ronald reagan--hard to tell . probably estp in my opnion . ... '