that's really a major step in controlling your own abilities . registering what affects you on an unseen level can be very difficult . one thing i do is analyze how i am feeling as often as ... i wish people would notice there is more to life than fighting . every time i post on any political forum the extremists come out of the woodwork to bombard me with ugliness . i wish we could all just ... thank you for bringing this issue to light , starflower . i can't count how many times i've wondered if i was losing my mind over the years . i figured it out in my mid to late twenties after i'd done ... sex is a fascinating subject . there are so many different taboos , practices , and methods to read about ! i remember going to new orleans when i was nineteen and buying my first copy of the kama sutra ... i understand how difficult it is not to take things personally . i've been through many of the same things you're describing with family and friends . i wish i could help you grow a thicker skin . you ... i wish that america would take a great big dose of curiosity . i wish that i could meet more people in my daily life that are as fascinated by life , love , people , and the world as i am . i wish ... i've really enjoyed this thread . these are mostly questions i get from my husband and family . what are you reading ? did you already finish that other book ! ? are you ok ? are you upset ? ... i was referring to a time before chiefdoms during a more egalitarian form of living ( if it ever truly existed ) . i do agree that there have always been haves and have-nots , but i would surmise during ... in the time of hunter-gatherers , before humankind divided the earth up into haves and have nots . when people lived every minute and worked only a few hours a day to feed their families . when the ... i am the one ... who rarely shares her problems , but gladly listens when someone wants to share their own . that reads my favorite stories year after year to revisit characters i have come to ... curses ! your plans for world domination exceed my own ! that's the hardest part of being in love , that nagging feeling that he just doesn't want you around . it stays there for a long time ; it did for me anyway . i still grill him now and then on how much ... i think your instincts are right . let him get in touch with you . i know it's difficult , but you can be sure if he calls you that he misses you . don't let it get you to distraught if he doesn't call ... after reading these posts i guess it's just natural for us to question and most others not to . i need to just learn to accept that . it has caused me no end of annoyance . i wish i could do more . i'm so sorry things went so badly for you . perhaps in time she will realize you never meant her harm , and that she misses your friendship . much of what you've said sounds like ... anytime i find myself in hyper-thought mode i'm usually also anxious and unhappy . for me it is a matter of channeling that excess , restless energy . i have to get rid of it to feel content again . i ... i've gotten into a really heated fight with a racist before . there were four of us in a car on our way to an archaeology job . the racist guy and i were in the backseat . i had never met the guy . he ... i think you should take a chance and write the shy guy you like an email . see how he responds . maybe just tell him about your confusion over your major , and some of what you're doing with your ... good on you man ! also , intjs rock my world . i detest the waiting game . i remember playing this with my intj . i felt like if i called him i'd scare him off . so i waited on him to call me . it drove me crazy . i don't know what to tell you other ... i agree with everything vividtexture had to say . i don't feel i have the right to police anyone's thoughts . in my opinion we should have the freedom to do as we please as long as it doesn't infringe ... i would be suspicious of any compliment from someone i felt didn't know me . if you took the time to ask some questions and get to know me a bit then the compliment would be more believable . my problem has never been with loving people . i can usually find something to love in anyone i meet . sometimes i meet people that exhibit so many traits i can't tolerate that i never look any deeper , ... i just never counted it as being in trouble if i never got caught . i'm with gloosle on this one . most people tell me all about themselves . every now and then i'll meet someone who listens as well as i do , and we'll stare at each other for a while . i love to ask ... i didn't get in much trouble in school , but i usually kept my head down in a book . got in a little trouble for that a few times because stephen king wasn't on the required reading list . i used ... i hear you . i feel you . i agree with you on almost every point . however , i feel that each individual contributes based on what they have to give . i used to believe that i had to accomplish something ... such a tall order to make this list . i read and reread my favorites until they are practically falling apart . when i was a kid i loved stephen king , dean koontz , robert jordan , j . r . r . tolkien , anne ... i really enjoyed your take on this . you came up with something almost completely new , and wholly unlike me . very nice . unfortunately i'm not much of a poetry critic or i'd give you more feedback ... that cracked me up . thanks man . the most important thing is that you realize what behavior you want to change . this realization can take some people an entire lifetime . some never realize it at all . several years ago i realized ... would it be possible for you to teach art ? you seem like you'd be excellent at it . i understand where you're coming from . i played basketball for a year , and found i had the same issues you do . the same went for softball . i ended up forsaking sports in school in favor of band . i ... i totally feel what you're saying . it sounds fascinating . my father is a great coach - though he never got into it professionally . he taught me so much , and still does to this day . i admire the confidence you guys bring to a ... thanks , lady k ! i'd love to help you learn guitar . just holler if you want some tips . i think families are falling apart for multiple reasons . one reason is that people have to work to long and to hard to make ends meet . they have little time left for their families . without time and ... here is another i've written recently . going home soon i'll be going home to the humid air of alabama the heat will slap me like a good friend slaps you on the back the breeze ... i love reading everyone's poems . thank you all so much for posting them . here is one of my new ones . for the gulf sparkling water shimmers in the noonday sun underneath , a growing ... reading this post made me realize that i have bubbly moments . dancing and singing to my dogs would qualify as bubbly methinks . thanks razvan , it's always nice to realize something new . i met my first best buddy in the fourth grade . she wanted to ride my bicycle and i said no wai ! we've been friends ever since . i guess that would be twenty-five years now . we're not as close as we ... i wanted to be a musician or an actress to begin with . stage fright just overwhelmed me . i managed to perform in the senior play and was thrilled by it , but talk about a draining experience . i hosted ... if your letter doesn't work you might consider the gentler version of omar's suggestion . he's right , sometimes people just can't take a hint . sometimes something concrete like a letter works wonders ... i can't draw to save my life . i mismatch my socks quite often . i dress to be comfortable , so i end up agonizing over special occasions . my room ends up looking like my closet exploded . i seem to ... are you my sister ? so many similarities it's almost eerie . this sentence is beautiful and dead on . when i began studying anthropology in college i developed a fascination with the ... i am fascinated by this topic . recently i put the two closest men in my life through an experiment to see if i could detect them lying . they are both intjs . one loves to tell tall tales . the other is ... no way . everyone is just different . i have seen my husband cry once in the thirteen years i've know him , and that was because i drove him to it . i was so shocked when he cried i didn't know what to ... how many people here that get depressed also exercise regularly ? i'm just curious . i had issues with depression throughout my twenties and into my early thirties , but i didn't exercise regularly ... you should listen to your intuition . if you feel danger signals there is a reason for that . from reading your posts i would say you're not ready . don't let people peer pressure you into a ... i've written a couple of sad ballads . here's an example . i've never had it recorded , unfortunately . a sad state of disrepair walls , ceilings , spiraling stars a sad state of disrepair i can't ...