raaawrrr ! x lol ... that my new fb status ! ! ! i dont really because i dont like confrontation though im unbiased in the same way you mentioned , up until very recently , i was friends with everyone and was happy in the knowledge , i had no enemies ... tride ... do you think that these different interactions could be down to that particular someones somethingness as in , not necessarily their mbti , but there features , mannerisms , actual personality ... there are some romantic blokes out there but ( im not trying to be all down and out here - perhaps some guys could chip in ? ) , i think sometimes us girls woo men in the way we want to be woo-ed - im ... yeah i do feel the same way although i would suggest that you try not be become overly infactuated with your lack of direction - although its particularly hard on us , being the sensitive beings that ... ive been accused of being a two faced bitch mainly times , not because i am , i have to set that bit straight but as distraction said , i try to be myself and part of that is not pissing people off and ... yes , that is disgraceful lol ... i do it with ' stuff ' rather than people ... as in , things , reading rather taking things apart ... oops off topic again lol is that a bit close to fascist ? ? can you imagine my website hits ! ! does being intolerant of intolerant people , does that not make you intolerant . i would normally post this in my home subforum ( enfps ) but it feels better here ! :-) hmmm flair and pizzazz ... fantabulous and pizzazz ... f & p ... hmmm i like pizzazz ... funny sometimes i see words written down and they look funny , makes me smile :D fashion and home accessories is my individual brand whereas the name im looking for at the minute is clothing and fashion accessories ... is that confusing or what ? sorry ! my fi over powers my ne at the moment - i get huge resistance to being ne , which is my normal state or mind or just ' as is ' / ' happy ' ... i dont really need to point out that im not being enfp at the ... i once peed on a step to the doorway of a church ... does that count ? .. i set up a parent company a wee while ago , on the similar basis that uk based costa coffee and pizza hut are the same company ( whitbread ) but each have different ' trading as ' names . this is ... ... i know i shouldnt type within quotes , but its easier ... sorry * blush * ha yeah all the time because the guys dig it when i know all about them by our 2nd date ... or at least i think they do , funny that i never saw him again hah lol , im actually working the opposite to exercising at the moment , which is putting on weight but it tastes good ha ! maybe soon x aww you're all so pretty :) where ? lol i didnt imagine it would be in the daytime , i couldnt do evening or weekends because my other half would laugh , because hes a dick lol i find it unusual that your doctor has perscribed you meds if you werent sure about them :( i would say that you should be sure before taking anti-depressants . for me ( and in relation to your ... you want contact but your isolationist personality keeps you from getting it ? do you feel different / weird / odd and therefore you can't bring yourself to get out of the rut ? why don't you go ... oh yeah definately , though for my purpose of my post i was referring to the deep connection / mutual love for another .. ps . nobody wants to hurt enfps or any other type for that matter , there is ... the first ever description i read of enfp describes it perfectly : without question , this is my least favourite part of me , i am unable ( because of my methods , i assume ) to complete or ... i couldnt agree more with your responses fin , in fact ive highlighted the ones i would have added myself but theres no need because you did it for me ... to add one of my own , i didnt think of it ... miss spamalot today , sorry fin , i only read your reply after i replied to zobster ... yes , you aren't alone here , in fact , lately , ive been excluded from my ' group ' and invitations are being given out ... lol really ? ? ? you tired of people ... i wonder how many of them are enfp , wouldnt it be good if we all walked around with badges - in fact , whilst in the bath last night , floating spurs my creativity ... i think that explains it perfectly - lol im such a creep ! moby make me a cuppa will ya ? op , ive been a mbti for 364 days ( i need to think of something to do to celebrate my year ... yeah , i love it here , i always realise where ive been going wrong ... i sit and work when i feel the shitty pang of fi overuling everything , lets try having fun next time instead - thank you :D lol yeah , its coming up to my first anniversary too , in 2 days :P shall we have cake ? thanks for your reply mobs :) i seem to treat everyone equally , if they need me im there , but after recently being misunderstood by someone i thought of as my closest friend , it didnt upset me that much , the misunderstanding did ... good tip loyalgirl , i really appreciate it when people point out things like that , personal growth wise , how you get around your particular cognitive functions . i just wish i could remember them all ... woweee intregrity comes up alot - having mine questioned infuriates me ( i know thats spelt wrong so question that all you like ) . others that spring to mind are mindlessness , but being that way i ... hearing you loud and clear here mobds ... thanks for your post , its helped me to understand a recently ' dissolved ' friendship , sadly , the person who got the wrong end of the stick took alot of others ... here here mello ... its certainly doesnt rock , your not dumb , because that happened to me last year and it still hangs around now a bit but i think ive come to realise it isnt that particular person , ... suffering the silence of the classic enfp trait , inability to stick to something ... why ! ! ! its so iritating , i cant see anything through ! fellow enfps , someone help me out here probably more flight than anything else ... i quickly decide the matter isn't for me and make for the exit ... really can't be bothered with hassle ... though if it was an emergency stiuation , ill ... does the average person lie ? no sarcasism there , i just dont get generalisation :P edit ... which is probably why my perceiving is only 11 % haha nice one ( loving your picture by the way ) ... yeah responsibility is a funny thing , where is lacks in some its really easy to feel instantly responsible for me , because they do ... maybe more of a ... not one myself personally , mainly because i would fail terribly ... anyone wanna own up ? - - - on the side , ever just want to answer to posts no / minimal answers ... you ... yeah ... if i get up in time to see it :) enfp ... moi ? http://i51.tinypic.com/b7j905.jpg something you are going to stop doing for others in spite of yourself .. me : stop sending kisses on the end of texts because you have ... ( i'm working on stopping saying , i love you too , just ... firstly , i wouldn't say that when drunk or rarely when angry i say things i dont mean , i nearly always consider what i say because regardless of how i feel , the next person isn't necessarily going to ... no helpful information here , only i did try to wipe that fly off my screen ! ! ! hey guys - missed you all : laughing : xx are you serious ... i havent been here for * what feels like * months ( much too my shame ) and you're thinking of me while you shower ... moby moby , i do feel blessed ... : crazy : x aqualung ... strange n beautiful fe fi fo fum ... always something helpful to add : tongue :