' demisexuality ... wtf ... sorry . i feel there's just too many words starting with a greek prefix and ending with - sexuality . : confused : i tell you the real word for it , that defines what it is when ... i still think these videos are helpful ( though some of it is a bit older ): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi74ixXyGY8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLCzbjSeIyE ... you do sound like an entp . cheshire cat is an entp , too . almost all of lewis carrol's characters are , his book is full of those logical riddles and paradoxes and things like that . :P here are two links you can check out , maybe this will help you to determine your type : logical intuitive extratim - wikisocion = > for entj intuitive logical extratim - wikisocion = > for entp : you have to ask yourself whether you use fe or fi , or better which one you are drawn to . because as an nt-type you will not often use ethical / feeling functions . do you feel more ... i had to discipline myself to learn . for university i needed to study latin grammar and vocabulary to be able to translate a german text back into latin . some text from caesar . i couldn't learn the ... what in particular can you not relate to ? you can also check out the intj profile ( it's intp in socionics ): socionics types : ili-intp addictivemuse : he's singing about drugs . but i guess it's slightly ironic . the refrain roughly translated : do you wanna take drugs with me ? red roses will rain for sure then , i've seen it on a soap ... that sounds very much like ne . having ideas about something , but not carrying them through until the end . planning sounds a bit confusing . yes , perceivers can be more spontaneous than judgers , who ... it started out as a pretty four chord song ... i don't like the singer's voice that much , it's too high pitched , and i don't like the effect on his voice . the overall song is not progressive enough ... i am not a bigot . : angry : i guess there's an overall pattern to be observed in the world : the are too many assholes walking around . but you can be any personality type for that . if it really was a cafe it would be too big for me ... :/ tgw : i don't know all the characters that well . i'm going to guess entp , intp or isfj . 1 . ronja the robber's daughter 95289 2 . daenerys targaryen from game of thrones 95290 if you only want to be infj to be rare ... ughh ... that sounds like fi . don't want to discuss your type . i mean , i don't even know you . but that's one of the small signs and most people who watch ... a song from my country , it's our unofficial anthem :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gonzcSS2U-Q translation : what's this loud noise coming from frankfurt , darmstadt and offenbach ? ... well , some of you may know , mbti is a little bit flawed when it comes to the j / p dichotomy in introverts . so , it's know wonder that there is a lot of confusion between infjs and infps . looking deeper ... i'm very competitive . i like winning . :) no , i wouldn't join such a group . it's imbalanced and if anybody would come to a meeting at all , it would probably be hard to start a conversation . i prefer just talking to the people who are ... sorry , reading that made me kind of chuckle to myself . just because it reminds me of a friend , who's isfj . she always claims she gets weird feelings in certain corners of bookstores , too . in front of ... this is also one of my favorites . :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms05La1pDIU i only say one word : sanctuary ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFDBJt2d5hw hmmm , i guess : - back to the future - princess mononoke - the beauty and the beast - contact - good will hunting he might as well be any of the other 14 types . though he sounds like a feeling type . i try to type people by finding out their dominant and auxiliary function . not very easy to recognize every ... i sometimes make comments on what happens on tv , although nobody's there to listen . : laughing : i think , my face is the most animated when watching quiz shows . especially if the person takes the ... depends on the situation . if it's planned and if i feel comfortable with what i'm doing , it's really ok . in my church's youth group i am a worship leader . at the beginning i felt uncomfortable ... well , you have probably heard of the five love languages . http://personalitycafe.com/articles/112444-five-love-languages-explained.html maybe to her words of affirmation are just not her ... most awesome song ever ! i love the singing at 1:30 . it makes my blood run cold in a very beautiful way . haha . : laughing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PKWgUoybjE i used to have panic attacks at the dentist . i don't know what i did to overcome it , but today i'm not afraid anymore . i'm still suffering from arachnophobia . as a child i had panic attacks almost ... as i'm studying archaeology i'm often confronted with historical events . generally i'm interested in history . i'm fascinated by outstanding figures - the good ones as well as the bad ones - who only ... so do you mean like an estp with reversed conscious functions ( se-ti-fe-ni ) or an istj with reversed unconscious functions ( si-te-fi-ne ) ? i had a friend for a long time who i think was an istj . but ... chasing sleep . the movie is really weird . and jeff daniels plays an extremely messed up guy . i can't release them . i wait till they fade away . or i put them into a song . haha ! xd yeah , i agree the concept of the one is twisted . considering how many people live on the planet , if there was only one destined person for you , the likelihood of meeting this one person ... oh , sure . every night . : rolleyes : no , but as i often dream about other people , i would be interested in what other people dream about me . so far only my mother told me that she dreamed of going ... yes , that's totally like her . her previous boyfriend - a classmate i had a crush on for about three years , i gave up eventually because it was revealed he was not interested in me , he started a ... i have experienced something similar , but somehow it was also totally different . my father had problems with alcohol and drugs since i was a little child . my mother threatened him with a divorce , so ... one of my best friends is an enfp . she's great , we really get along well together . we can talk about a lot of things and if the topic is interesting we really go into depth and brainstorm together . ... my grandma is also still talking to my grandpa . she has a photo of him on her living room table and often lights up a candle which is placed next to it . she works in the garden where he used to work ... 84480 it's the night fairy from peter and anneli's journey to the moon ( peterchens mondfahrt ) . she definitely has the eyes . :) if my father is yelling at me , i'm yelling back . if a stranger is yelling at me for no real reason - might be a drunkard , i'm ignoring this person in order to not bring myself into a dangerous ... infj - christian . going to a protestant free church with charismatic influences . my room an i live in a kind of symbiotic state . if it's not clean , i feel unhappy . but i'm not sure whether i feel unhappy because it isn't clean , or whether i haven't cleaned because i'm feeling ... i actually think it's easier to get to know people in university if you just talk to them . you already study the same subject , so you have a common interest . and sometimes you find people who you ... i think , my face reveals it all . and if not my face , then my posture , then tone of my voice - things like that . at least i don't fake a smile to hide my true feelings . my laughing and smiling always ... this is the most hilarious thing i've seen for a long time . a teenager ho throws a tantrum because his pc is way too lame and he desperately wants to play some shooter game in order to kill everyone ... really ? i just love love going to stationary shops and staring at rainbow paper . or basically everything that glitters . looking at a piece of sequined cloth makes me just as happy as a piece of ... we don't have that much strive or determination to reach our goals and actually put our dreams into actions in the here and now . that's rejection of se in a sense . but i'm drawn to sensations like ... yes , based on the functions iei and infj are the same . eii would be infp and iee would be an enfp . i just don't understand how the test works . there is this one test in which you get photos of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPXQXUg8YmE weird question . though i would be kind of interested in knowing poki's type . he's the designer of games such as edna and harvey - the breakout , harvey's new eyes and deponia . he has the most absurd , ... '