' the type with add lol sent from my vs987 using tapatalk sorry to disappoint you . my handwriting is somewhat similar to yours , though . lol , i wasn't trying to find a sign of intelligence . i was just curious if there was a correlation between mbti and handwriting . i tossed in the tidbit about sloppy handwriting / intelligence because ... i do respect logic . i didn't say i went on an internet research binge trying to find meaning to the statement . i merely said that i have seen it said previously and was unsure if it held any merit ... x2 mine is just sloppy , lol . sometimes i have a hard time reading it . if i'm writing super fast , it's a mixture of cursive and non-cursive writing . and i also write somewhat big . i remember in ... what scares me about myself is my inability to put my own feelings before other's . this always gets me into trouble , it seems , or causes me to stay in situations longer than i should for the sake of ... is there a correlation between mbti type and handwriting style ? i have read before that sloppy / hurried handwriting can be a sign of high intelligence , but i'm not sure if that was hogwash or not . ... for some reason the air conditioning is running in my office . it's cold . we need the heat to be running , people . it is winter time , you know ? sigh . ... someone asks you to guess something and you can almost physically see the arrows moving from the center of your brain and pointing in hundreds of different directions . dear istp , are you interested , or not ? it's very hard to tell when you just stop replying to texts ... as if ... you're not interested ... yet , a few hours later you tell me you enjoy talking ... i have a vibe buzzing , but first , would you please answer these questions ? 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? 3 ) think ... hmm ... well , that test is just one of the many stepping stones to learning about yourself . i believe it actually gives me isfj , which i'm definitely not . i was able to finally pin down my type by ... tylerdom , will you plz post the percentages of the results ? have you taken this test ? keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes well , keep in mind that you won't fit one type to a tee . your enneagram type also plays a part in your personality , as well as your upbringing , etc . also , don't focus so much on the type ... ya , i'm really feeling entj for you . you basically just described me , lol . how do you feel about the rest ? do you believe you're nt ? i'm so sick of eating sandwiches for lunch . bleh . i know the feeling . : laughing : a better question is , why not a j ? i'm thinking , xntj . do you see yourself as an extrovert or an introvert ? : confused : i'm just going back to studying functions , this going back and forth is way too confusing . lol thanks , rexmaximus and myjazz i feel better now . :) endsoftheearth thank you so much for your reply . so far , i haven't heard anything from my supposed new employer . someone told me they were just doing paperwork and not to worry , so i was able to ... i honestly feel like i have the opposite problem . i generally get naked too soon , and let people too close and always end up regretting it . i wish i could keep myself locked up tighter . i ... can you answer these , please ? :) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? 3 ) think about a time where you felt like you were ... so , i was right in saying se ? i suppose i pick up on their body language and expressions , i listen to what they say and how they say it . i can't really explain it . it just happens . her stating she loves nature ... agreed . she is the assistant manager in his department , so his superior . yes , it would be a conflict of interest and it was inappropriate . sent from my vs987 using tapatalk i'm actually the opposite . i cannot type people i know irl , lol . but i seem to be able to pick up on cog functions when reading what people say / type . i need time to contextualize what i am feeling . i need quiet time ( minutes or hours , depends ) in order to pull everything together and actually know how i feel about a certain situation . so please , ... just a feeling , mostly . you seem to be fi dom , with maybe a well-developed sense of fe , also ( i sometimes repress talking about the things i'm interested in and talk about something i think the ... i'm getting an isfp vibe . okay , so i'm freaking out . i am down to 2 days left on my two weeks notice with my current job . nearly 2 weeks ago , i passed a background check and an education check with ( what i thought for ... i believe i weirded my istp friend out by revealing to him what i believe his type is . he had never heard of mbti before me . i also feel like i'm annoying him with it , but i can't help it ... it's ... basically , you stepped out of line when you asked her out . maybe you saw signals from her that weren't really there ? idk , but she didn't reply to the text because she felt it was inappropriate ... istps , would someone you barely know correctly guessing your type freak you out ? going by what you shared , i would say e . i'll take it , lol . i'm still learning how to pinpoint the functions , obviously , but i'm getting there . :) soul_searching i also rarely remember my dreams . a few do stay in my memory , such as a reoccurring one that i had when i was a child ( slimer was haunting our house lol ) . otherwise , once i am ... yes , i found it difficult to pinpoint any ni , honestly . i thought it was because i'm still learning what to look for . :) how did i do , overall ? he was probably just excited to share whatever it was . maybe he hasn't developed his fe too well . i generally always have thoughts pop up in my mind when having a conversation with someone , little ... ya , after reanalyzing , i am on the fence about e / i . i'm not really good at this , but i am learning so i will tell you what i picked up on . :) suggests te . fi another thought , cuz i don't want to start a thread , lol ... for those of you that write , do you ever just get the urge to start writing , even if you have no idea what it is you want to write ... i concur , esfp . freespirit 777 of course it seems fair to me , however , i am not the owner . am i wrong to assume he is an older gentleman ? he may just be set in his ways and those ways may lean towards very ... i honestly don't get the correlation between being infj and being dyslexic . '