' http://burrowowl.net/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/06/ruins.jpg construction with low aesthetic appeal . and more efficient reproduction ... only esfxs annoy me . then overcome your fear and take risks . i also nearly killed myself last summer . i abandoned the activity permanently and immediately . i then started doing everything i am / was afraid of that isn't ... you may want to try the intj or infj forums . they're more popular than this advice one and can offer more specific advice . not for me . the whole be your true nerd and others will find you never worked for me . i have to take an active roll . i force myself to talk to people i don't know , keep an eye out for people who appear to be ... how do you know he is intj ? ever since the 2.0 went online i haven't been able to see type or gender . is this a change to the forum or can i adjust the settings ? authority istjs trust authority by default . intjs distrust authority by default . this is not to say such trust / distrust is universal ; it is that for istjs , trust is given to people in authority and ... perhaps feelers tend to see neutral as compromise--or the average / consensus opinion--while thinkers see neutral as objectivity . in other words : you would enjoy talking to intjs when intjs talk like inxps . how can i tell if someone is one of you ? specifically , what observable characteristics distinguish isfjs from infjs and other isxxs . personally , i have hardly any empathy as does my intj friend . my infp friend has an unimaginable amount . the infj i know has a good amount as does the exfx . i haven't gotten close enough to any ... confucianism isn't really a religion . all types are created equal , but some are more equal than others . as an intj , i don't often pay attention to satisfaction or joy or contentment . solving problems makes me happy , so i think about solving problems instead of thinking about how to make myself ... i knew one istp . it was in high school , he was one year younger and we worked together building scenery . the guy went out of his way to offend people and was the most universally hated student in the ... no intj / infj threads ? the istp and isfj i know aren't book smart , but are really good at things that actually matter . the istj i know has a much better memory than i do and makes fewer mistakes in abstract thought ... post removed yeah . malfoy's tough . his i / e is iffy , but the sj seems somewhat clear . i think he tries to hide his f . just thinking ... estpsirius black estpjames potter istpmad-eye moody esfpron weasley esfpginny weasley esfparthur weasley isfprubeus hagrid isfpneville longbottom .   . . n i don't know if validation in that sense is necessary . could you elaborate ? etiquette . those qualities can all describe istj , isfj , infj , intp , isfp , infj , and infp . intjs don't tend to avoid conflict and are definitely not social clones . intjs do not read people and know them ... correction : there . i fixed your grammar for you . 1 . sometimes . usually no . 2 . sometimes . usually no . 3 . happy , yes . confidant , yes . invigorated , maybe . energized , no . 4 . nope , but fs might . 5 . yes . 6 . no . 7 . very little . don't like people ? ... testing . why is this a problem ? i'm always right . except when i'm wrong , but then i change my position so i'm right . it's largely an sj--especially stj--thing : socially and establishment-directed functions . very important ; it keeps society running so that some of us can spend time thinking instead of accumulating ... could there be some way to delete posts ? why isn't there , anyway ? sounds just like my intj platonic friend . we've known each other for a very long time . intjs love directness . if you say something and he likes you it's the perfect move . intjs love directness . if ... 1 . you must do everything that frightens you . everything . i ’ m not talking about risking your life , but everything else . think about fear , decide right now how you ’ re going to deal with fear , because ... when you're right . when you know you're right . and when you listen to two people argue with each other , knowing both of them wrong , but don't tell them , since consensus is independent of truth . ... i learned to ride a motorcycle , had a great instructor , practiced as much as reasonably possible and am very lucky to still be alive . got to parties , but do not ride one of those death traps unless ... motorcycle . picture below intj - male - long-time friend . lives hundreds of miles away . intp - male - friend - met relatively recently istj , isfp , infj , esfj , estp , etc . - acquaintances - associate with them for various ... yes , no , rarely , no , no , no , and no , respectively . yes . i am a positivist . used books . socks . i like good romantic comedies . juno , amelie , the empire strikes back ... i don't know about other intjs , but despite a calm exterior my emotions are extremely strong , so i would not be surprised to see an intj sacrifice him / herself . ( although i can see why observers might ... clothing there's generally two lines of clothing intjs follow . one , mentioned on the intj fashion thread is largely utilitarian : black ( or dark ) t-shirt , jeans or cargo pants . for females minimal ... hyperbolic use of the adverb literally . estjs in the wrong positions of power . do you believe in destiny ? causal universe : yes . destiny : no . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? no . does analyzing complex things give you pleasure just for the sake of the act of ... http://dresdencodak.com/comics/2006-05-17-anagoge_starring_tiny_carl_jung.jpg pure utilitarianism : nature or engineering '