' hmmm , well i certainly can relate . i started out as a psychonaut . i really enjoyed buddhism at the time , and eventually i stopped doing drugs all-together and became obsessed with esoteric hindu ... i've been playing dark souls a lot lately . something about the mystique of the land of lordran really fascinates me . the game tells you very little about what is going on , but leaves snippets of ... right now the server's are all pretty high pop except one or two , i think they are allowing free transfers the first week ( i assume that is from the official launch , which would mean free transfers ... anyone else playing guild wars 2 ? i've been playing all day and i have to say this is the most fun i've had playing an mmo in ages ... it's a very fresh experience . i'm scared of someone initially liking me , and thinking i am interesting , only to find out that they actually find me boring once they start spending more time with me . i'm afraid of others ' ... my friends want me to go hang out with them and i just want to stay home and do nothing ... i've been hanging out with people a lot lately because everyone is about to leave for school soon and its ... for a more serious , maybe mystical sounding name , i like eivarii . but for a more playful , cute name i like chubbytotter ... just reading that name makes me smile . any idea what let's plays you ... this is exactly how i am as far as listening goes . if i make an effort to look someone in the eyes when they are talking to me , i feel like i end up missing information somehow , and sometimes i even ... yes ! telemarketing for an insurance agency . not only was it completely meaningless to me , but i had to do one of my least favorite things : bother and irritate people . i also had to pretend to care ... hats on team fortress 2 . i only had a few bucks left on a gift card so i figured it might as well go towards my favorite hat simulator . all the time ... this will be my 4th year and i've only recently started finding my comfort zone on campus . i will never stop hating group work though ... i am dreading the two lab classes i'm ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCsiwELZw4Y http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0IpwtkpX7w http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HU6TDgqFXbc 1 . meditating ( this and # 2 and 3 are both far beyond any of the others i list for me ) 2 . reading a book about the nature of reality 3 . having a meaningful , intimate conversation with somebody 4 ... http://i.imgur.com/ik3PM.png http://i.imgur.com/pTO5X.png http://static.quickmeme.com/media/social/qm.gif 43962 http://i.imgur.com/RK7Go.png http://i.imgur.com/vekuZ.png i weight lift and run . weightlifting is a nice way to release any excess energy i have and i like the way my body feels afterwards ... i hated it at first but after doing it for almost a year it's ... i've had many . i started having them about 6 years ago when i was 15 and would get them occasionally . but then i started keeping a dream journal and i started having at least one if not more a ... i'm a type 2 but i have pretty low self-esteem . i've been improving a lot though and feel it's only a matter of time before i've got it under control completely . what has seemed to work for me is ... reggie watts is probably one of my favorite people on the whole planet ! i would love to have a nice long conversation with him . this is one of my favorite rambling vids of his : ... i've heard lots of great things about that book . i just reserved it at my local library and can't wait to read it :) i like to watch a show on netflix in my bed , and then i read a book until all i want to do is fall asleep . i'm the same way . i sound much older than i actually am when i talk about philosophy , spirituality , science , etc ( my favorite things to talk about ) ... but when i go into fun mode i instantly ... i would say pangender male , it is really a pretty equal mix of both the majority of the time , though obviously there are many times where one is slightly prevalent over the other . i definitely have ... depends . around people who don't know me , i probably seem likeable in the sense that i am very nice , i will go out of my way to help people , i never say anything that might offend anyone ... but on ... http://i.qkme.me/3onxoq.jpg http://i.qkme.me/3oldh5.jpg http://i.qkme.me/3oo2xr.jpg http://i.imgur.com/8X5rP.jpg http://i.qkme.me/3ogyei.jpg i've gone through a similar phase before and i found that by observing my thoughts and remaining detached from my thought processes i was able to pinpoint a lot of the thoughts that were bringing ... i have many favorites but my super-favorites change regularly ... naturally the mind has no groove ; it is like water , which has no shape . consciousness has no shape ; it takes whatever form it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnTFKWAT-XE http://i.imgur.com/TKqa6.jpg http://imgur.com/Opey5.jpg http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/15583680.jpg i think i posted this on here once before but here is me improvising a guitar solo : guitar solo 2 by xtal 3 on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free unfortunately i am not ... me too ! i would live there if i could ( i hope i can one day ) . i only live about 2 hours from the ocean so i go there every now and then ... it is so serene , everything about it is wonderful , i just ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV-hSgL1R74&feature=related this song is everything to me ... the entire universe in one song . i can't speak for other infp's but for me this song represents the way ... well , my case of dpd was an unusual one . it first started when i began using dissociative drugs ... then i stopped doing dissociative drugs and it went away for a while , but i became interested in ... you aren't seperate . you arent ' a thing , or a noun , you are an event . a wave on the ocean may think i am a wave , i am born , and i die . the wave may seem to have a shape , or some ... i went through depersonalization for about a year , it was pretty bad . i felt like my life was a movie , and i was watching it , but i had no control over anything ... my body wasn't mine , my thoughts ... i would probably just give a forced smile or laugh to show i understood it as a joke ... i think that is what it was , but i would also remember that statement and perhaps even analyze their character ... i hate parties ... they are always filled with extroverted sensors who spend their time engaging in entertainment-oriented behaviors , and when i don't engage in those entertaining type of behaviors , ... i just finished a dance with dragons last week ! i loved it , i couldn't put it down for the last few hundred pages , but now i am so sad that i don't have another one to read . knowing martin it ... petrie chancery . http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/199/693/disgusted-mother-of-god.png?1321272571 every person i know that i applied this to ( except for paul ) fit perfectly . my favorite gaming experience of all time was the first time i ever played bioshock . i was obsessed with that game , and i am still obsessed with the city of rapture . the atmosphere just blew me ... i'm turning 21 in june and i'm still a virgin . looking back there were several girls i could have had sex with ( one was practically begging for it ) . one of them i would have been willing to have ... i personally do not consider myself a new ager , though i am sure some people would . in fact , new ager is a very vague term , because the new age movement really is just a melting pot of ideas from ... the kybalion blew my mind as well , it was the first book i really read about hermetics . the corpus hermeticum i only read once , parts of it i was able to grasp , other parts i feel the symbolism went ... i have a good ( online ) friend who is a hermeticist , his gurus are apparently very high souls . i actually studied hermeticism and hindu occultism ( and practiced according to franz bardon's ... i am a type two as well , and i feel the same way sometimes . i read a book yesterday and barnes and noble about enneagram types which was incredibly enlightening , i learned a massive amount about ... i am part of the dzogchen nyingma school ( really its a tantra ) of buddhism . the view as it is called , is hard to summarize , but to put it briefly the basic precepts are that all things are mind ... exactly ! and thank you for the kind words ! :) i loved this . you have a beautiful voice . oh , and i don't think there is such thing as too much echo ( though i'm sure there is someone out there who could prove me wrong , lol ) , i love delay , echo ... i absolutely love rpg's , as far as video games go . i've always loved fantasy novels ; from the moment i read lord of the rings when i was 10 , i was hooked . then i discovered an mmo in 5th grade ... there is some wonderful advice in this thread ! there isn't a whole lot i can say ( edit : apparently there is more than i thought , judging by the length of this thing ) that hasn't already been said , ... '