' i honestly have no idea . xd i listen to music , but don't really follow the people . other than when she married nail gaiman . but i follow authors . :P 1 . 22 2 . female 3 . 7-8 on a school night , 10-12 on a weekend . this happens to me all the time . it freaks me out sometimes , because i can't remember the drive from my apartment to school ( about a half hour ) or my apartment to my parents house ( closer to an ... me : * reading in hallway prior to class * random person : hey , you're reading . what is that ? me : * pauses , grumbles , says , tries to go back to reading * random person : oh ? what's that about ? i ... i saw you posting . i now know what you look like . be afraid . be very afraid . the only problem i could see an intj parent having is making an emotional connection with the child . my mother is entj and , whereas she's always been consistent and reliable , she has never been ... thank you :) it took me a while to get the joke . my first thought was i don't think you could rcd kryptonite ... lead it to an intj to overanalyze a joke . e_e superman , unless batman has kryptonite . but then , everyone who goes against superman seems to somehow have this rare mineral , so i wouldn't doubt it . i could go on and on about infps . : i'm friends with one , but really if i hadn't been thrown into knowing her , i doubt we would be . she can be very idealistic to the point of looking down on others ... hemo - you're so beautifulll . i love your chin / jawline . it's very aesthetically pleasing to me . and your nose is adorable . most of all , i think we have the same eyecolor that i don't see in many ... for what it's worth , many intjs don't understand the intj / enfp thing either . xd i don't really know why , but i stick with them so well , just that it does . never been in a relationship with one , ... i like it when people compliment my appearance . xd i doubt anyone would say otherwise . i'm confident in that department , though , and prefer to be complimented on my intelligence . i've grown up being ... there's a what are you currently listening to ? thread . i'm not really into music , but what i am into is for the lyrics . preferably with acoustic guitar , but the lyrics are the main thing . i ... i don't mind if they're asking about intjs , though . i've spent so much of my life wishing people i associated with had known my type and thought to ask . would have made things a lot less awkward . xd ... intjs don't eat . just oil the joints once a week , and we're good to go ! well , you be straightforward . if you want to ask her on a date , do it . don't bother with listing all her amazing attributes , because it just looks like you want something , and she'll see though you ... i have facebook ; i've had one for years . i enjoy it . it's easier to keep in touch with my friends , especially those who live overseas . also makes it easier to talk to all my friends at once in ... i'm not entj , obviously , but my mother is , so lurking your board helps me understand her better . we have the weirdest relationship , but it's improved since i moved out . i agree ! i enjoy cuddling and tiny pecking kisses , but not so much the tongue . : but i also don't really enjoy sex in general , so that may be way . congrats on the snog , though . ;P i'll affirm your beauty . :D you have a very aesthetically pleasing face . a strong , angled jaw and very symmetrical overall . and piercing eyes . just the type of male i like to draw ; i dont ' really ... you are clever people . :) and i like the people who used the words pragmatic . that's a perfect description . i think what happened in the other thread was just a miscommunication , so i hope you don't ... hmmm i could see that . i don't know much about istjs myself . alas , it was just me trying to claim someone for myself . xd i could also see cox as an intj , though . those two have the best dynamic in ... <3 cox . this might be off-topic , but what does that make dr.kelso ? i've always seem him as intj . he has to make those logical decisions that might not make everyone happy , but is needed to keep the ... my eyelashes are very short , too . :( my one and own flaw ! cursesss ... kahhhn . you're speaking to people who gladly accept hannibal lecter , darth sidieous , and , depending on who you talk to , hitler . ;) i don't think it's his infamy they're worried about so much as his actual ... entjs are go-getters . they think on the run instead of taking time to consider options . also , they're more people oriented ( duh ) . basically , if you took an intj and extroverted them , you would get an ... i think it's a j thing . i hate undecided or open-ended anything . eh , we can go to the movies this weekend . when ? i'll look up showtimes and we can go to make sure we get a specific one and we can ... i've also heard the theory that tools + fire helped our brains get larger because the fat and protein that is needed to build brain tissue is more concentrated in meat , so when we started hunting our ... the problem was that no one else thought he was being evasive . not getting the answer you want =/ = someone being evasive . there wasn't a filibuster or anyone being less than direct . i doubt you'll ... realistic , not pessimistic . ;) hope for the best , have fifty contingency plans in case of the worst . i did a study one summer to see my optimum sleep-time . ideally , i sleep for 10 hours and stay awake for 18 . i can function on 8 hours , though . so left to my own devices , i have a 28 - hour day .  ... oh , i see . i think he answered pretty straightforward with a nice awkward follow-up that only an intj could manage by saying that he was probably in the wrong , didn't mean to offend you , and that ... i get along with my istp father fairly well . he doesn't have much of a temper unless someone tries to hurt one of the family members and he turns into a grizzly bear . he's more active than i am , but ... is that sarcasm ? he said he got that impression from the videos of the girls in the op . ^ for what it's worth , my father is an istp and i don't get that from him . but he's a male , sooo . my mother is entj , though , and your description couldn't be more accurate . xd she is one of those ... nothing insulting ; just the way you type . you seem very round-about in what you say , and intjs at least tend to be very straight and to the point . that might be more j over p , but i don't get much ... i just meant that the thread i linked didn't talk about the differences between te and ti , so it's not about how i perceive my usefulness , but how useful the thread was . either way , you definitely ... nevsni and te vs ti the cognitive function section of the perc forums is now your best friend . edit - nevermind , that top thread isn't very useful to you . : bored :: sad :: confused :: shocked :: cool :: tongue :: unsure : in text when communicating informally , i wouldn't be surprised at intjs using emoticons . i use them frequently myself , but i've also been a ... alas , it's not meant to be . losing one infj to intj doesn't mean you get to play red rover and have foxonstilts come over . would you have to soak your fingers in the juice ? i assume it's from the acid . god knows my tongue burns after eating too many pineapples ( but i do love them ) . or do you mean that if i touched ... i like poems and hard sciences . and i regularly use smileys in my posts . :) that's more because i've been conditioned on another forum to add smileys so i don't come off as a dick , though . i've ... i'm full of animal facts , but the koala one was new ; brinturongs smell like popcorn . maned wolves have a chemical in their urine that is also present in beer hops and cannabis , and the smell it ... a skeleton of a sheep and a goat are indistinguishable . this salicylate sensitivity is very interesting . i don't usually take aspirin , but i do have a lot of those symptoms . : i always assumed i as defunct with all my aches and pains and sicknesses . i'm ... welcome to the forum ! as for being an intj , there isn't much to come to terms with . ;) it's more like you'll find out that oh ! so other people do this too , huh ? a lot of what you said is something ... mom - entj dad - istp you two are adorable . :D thanks , guys . i love the insight from an outside-type about nts , especially the bit about being humble about weaknesses . additionally - do you dress similar on purpose for ... sounds fabulous ! i , for one , don't think that's very un-intj like . we're known for having a strict set of morals , even if hte rest of the world doesn't agree with them . i have another intj friend intending on going ... '