' hi , i'd like to be the copperrharev instead . in some ways i hate empathy as i'm usually a hit-or-miss with my execution . while most of it is centered around reactions for me i guess as some emotions can be relayed back with rapid understanding ... ahh , yup . misconstrued information . i can understand why he might of thought that as its very crude and restated thing for exfj's socionics which is why i sort of avoided it . fi types may be for you ... well what was it you didn't agree with ? well , i'm no expert on the socionics . i understand that it works on the superego , the ego , and the id . however , fe and si are both present at least ... are those functions you identify with ? well i can agree with the stumped part , ennegram was a life saver honestly.finding out i was a 4w5 made alot more sense of the situation and the current mistype i have . it says more about the person ... well i'm not exactly sure what your asking but typing in general is something that can be difficult to ascertain and i've had my own lengthy experience . did you try by cognitive functions ? also , are ... yup . by the way , he is also the maker of the video i described that tals about the irrational axis . yup . by the way , he is also the maker of the video i described that tals about the irrational axis . well , i revisited the functions in raw mass from what i learned from the personalityjunkie.com and i also caught up on my micheal pierce videos for scratch reference . more specifically this one . ... hey , sorry i went silent for a few days , i wanted to do more research on the ennegram also after talking to ghostfire 01 and autsdraws were talking about it took awhile . i finally was able to figure ... why ! ? why must there always be something else ... so i double backed on fbb 107 ' s post to see which site it was ad while i liked the entp one , the intp one sounded like everything i was trying to ... well its great that you relate to some expression of inferior ni and that's the more important part . i agreed with with the definitions on funkymbti while others i was a bit lost on . i've actually ... ha , we probably wouldn't get along ! well no need to worry about not being an adrenaline junkie , sensory views can be very limited in the perspective that it assumes all se dominants are crazy fun ... well that was really productive actually . i wish i'd had the time to do it earlier as i've been so busy lately . more importantly , i think it said alot about me especially in relations to other intp's ... this is true . i feel like so many people need assistance with it and it is really hard to compile all that information overtime . honestly , if i didn't have kitty 23 , i'm not quite sure what i would ... i also . it seems that a miscount for ennegram and other external stimuli and test direction seem to steer us to different characters . the whole reason for functions using used is to avoid the subtle ... huh , i guess that makes sense . i guess i really didn't understand that and have done very little ennegram work . i suppose being a rw4 ( seems less extreme ) would make sense as the intellectual ... well you certainly seem to be someone attuned to their surroundings and experiences and like to be caught up so you are most likel a sensor and you definently show some preference to thinking so i'm ... come to think of it , i guess i don't have the cleanest spot record when it comes to socialization . my relationships can be pretty half hazard and are usually the joking kind if not the intellectual ... well maybe i have the same situation of just being another type in functions . just to test it , i took 3 test in a row with time in between and they all came out intp actually . also , i'm a true ... ah ok . i tried familiarizing myself with it and i feel i may be either a 4w5 sp or 9 sx . there both really depressing types but i can agree to both the inner pain concept of the type 4 and then the ... well i haven't mastered or gained any significant knowledge , especially in math . intp's seem to have good integrity for knowledge and focusing on that knowledge . i know i have fe in my stack ... yea , its weird and out of my medium a bit . it appears that a 4w5 sp wouldn't be too off i guess . it's depressing really . i naturally feel different i guess but i figured everybody felt like that and ... would you say type 9 for instinctual because it shows up on my social variant , but 4w5 for instinctual sp which i'm not sure what that means . well thanks , i guess i'd forgotten that i'd worked that out at some point . sorry for the miss information as i'll have to recheck my log for when i'd discovered that enegramm type . i vaguely remember ... well thanks , i didn't know that was a possibility . i took one along time ago and was ennegram type 7 i think but i'll have to think about it . i actually received a neutral on mine . i guess that just means i ; m somewhat doing what always makes sense and it would explain my airy moral code and sense of person so no types that have fi or ... well that means alot coming from an entp . i doubted it more or less because how awkward the descriptions were for socialization . i mean while i have a hard time reading how i come off and ... interesting post , i suppose i could try again as i haven't taken more than two really . while i will say that these qualities are pretty left field from what i would expect of an enfp , i suppose you have a reason to believe your not an enfp . enfp's can be worried , but you do have a sort ... i did cognitive function order to find my type but never actually tried a questionnaire and was recommended to see some other peoples opinions through this . will take follow up questions also . ... temperance sorry about that , i've never heard of that and am now bound to use it somewhere else ! well as far as outlook they are different . ne and ni , while similar operating systems of the mind , ... you may wan to be more specific than that . why do you feel your an intj ? the enfp share very few things in common . how did you find out you were an enfp and how long have you accepted it as a ... eh , i find that fe users tend to take longer figuring out their type . just an observation though . especially the type 9 ' s ... cause they see themselves in all of the types . you could always fill them ... well thanks . i learned alot about it when discovering a video on how the irrational functions take theories or present their theories and abstract things from different axis standpoints . ni and se ... i can understand that , lower ne usually threatens what thoughts si may establish like an estj in her business practice . they use si to keep themselves on track and to learn and stick to data and ... being revised with research that's exactly what i though . i understood the outside your boundaries thing as its easy for me to stay locked in my comfort zone . so i suppose some better ne ideas would maybe be some type of game ... that was also another very good link , though it didn't help all that much . due to the two functions going side by side , alot of their individual problems all sound the same and leave little to really ... well this is disturbing actually ... my original type was an intp taken from the test here https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test . i didn't think it was mine i guess for the lack of ... i am sooo sorry ! i actually didn't see these because your third comment opened the tenth page and i wasn't counting ! i'm really sorry , yesterday was particularly hectic and long . i'm sorry if my ... i don't care about the values part as much because things seem to change repeatedly which is why i don't like them because there resistant . i do like knowing how stuff works and might pry into the ... well i guess if i had to alternate on what my critical parent function was , i it is probably te ut fe is also important . i have a problem in both areas and could use some sort of improvement in ... well now i'm actually not sure . i've never considered fi to be like that . i know we talked about sentimentality and feelings that are personal to you and how those are fi , but i don't know which axis ... well i suppose that would also make sense with it being my social variant then like we were talking about before . yes actually . i never really get to go to many places i'd like to when i have free time . i'm working to make myself a bit better traveled and getting more opportunity to drive . i like to at least be ... yea , ill take the entp and have recognized alot of my trigger situations . oddly enough they are daily , especially the lack of stimulation . it probably explains why i'm tired staying at home and ... once again amazing resources . i think after reading that , i could say that the introverted irrational inferior functions are the ones i can agree with the most . while they both seem very similar , ... well i don't really do the improve thing is easy either . i can only do that when its ideas and quick solutions . i think thats actually a different function like ne than se but i guess they're ... '