' i had a phone interview with the owner of a business that i am very interested in working for . they truly are the number one company i would like to work for in my area . i know i am more than ... dammit , you guys , i totally forgot about this . yes . let's do it . on sunday , i guess ? it would have to be in the evening . i work that morning . i'm noivus ! everything is annoying me . >:[ i am a moth through and through . 89175 i would love to , yes ! i don't know , but i am extremely bummed about it . i can't be certain i've ever met an intp male or otherwise , but on paper they seem kind of adorable , and perfect . pretty much all i want in a man , not to mention the spark or physical attraction ( which is much less predictable ) 1 . considerate / polite / manners / please and thank you 2 . tries to understand ... i want in on this , please ! :p roud : hi guys ! i've been obsessively watching all of pneumoceptor ' s type interaction videos , and a bunch of the ones others have posted as well , and now i'd really like to participate . i'm an infj , 26 ... this exactly . that's like my superpower that isn't a superpower because i only use it when i am actually very passionate about something . i would otherwise be awful at it . i love the op for bringing up the idea of efficiency . i feel like when it comes down to it , that's what i'm all about : efficiency in the physical world , but also spiritual and emotional efficiency . i ... infjs on paper just suck at explaining our feelings , because we have to deconstruct them into flat terms , more often than not , and when we do that , then the tiny little nuances that make our emotions ... one of my coworkers has a particular way of interacting with me that hurts my feelings pretty regularly . our communication styles are kind of hit and miss . i can always tell when he is ... when i drink , i try not to get into solidly drunk territory . i like to feel tipsy , and maybe a hair past . but being drunk is kind of uncomfortable , physically , depending on what kind of alcohol i'm ... for me , daydreaming , is less fantasy , more experimentation . i'd say i live a majority of my life inside my mind . when i daydream a situation , i'm really testing it for how it fits into my giant ... this is kind of long , so skip to the bold , if you want . you guys ... i'm crushing hard . i work at a coffee shop and there is this incredible guy that comes in not often , but regularly . for months , ... entp , infj , and infp i'd like to thank everyone that responded with their own stories and advice . these feelings have been building up inside of me for a long time , and i desperately needed some outside perspective . ... felidire i think about changing my last name often . the rest of my father's family is wonderful , but i got this name from him , and i want nothing to do with it . i think i'll send him a letter . just ... jebediah when i looked at that text , it was like my whole life's experience boiled down to that . i haven't spoken a word to him , or had a conversation with him in years , and then out of the blue , ... how rude . ' scuse ? i apologize in advance for this lengthy and very personal post . i'm kind of in a dark place right now , and can't think of a single person who i trust to tell this part of my life to so , naturally i'm ... swoon lonely : unsure : of course ... i got liz lemon ! :p i got intp , too . : ? word . lol . we are such bitches . shea i literally once googled how to make friends it's a mysterious process to me . i was less confused at the age of 6 about how sex worked than i am at 26 about how people make friends . captainmauzer it's funny to see how wrapped up we can get in our heads that we forget how simple some things can be . thank you . <3 we are not ones to passively digest this human experience in the most convenient way possible . we need to feel like we are active participants in the functions of the universe / existence . not directly ... dear se , you are kind of out of control . what can i do to help ? you have so much potential . perhaps we could discuss over pizza and beer ? love , modernclassical xoxoxo + i don't want to talk to you . + could you just once , listen to me , and stop making everything about you ? i'm pretty fucking interesting , sometimes . + i get it - - shut up , so i can talk some sense ... i'm going through something similar . i know that i'm depressed . i feel alone , and when i look at it rationally , i see that i actually am alone . when i really think about , i see that there are a few ... just be cool . casual sex is fun while it lasts , but then i'm like , can you go home now ? sex with someone i'm actually attracted to ( sapiosexual ) is fun while it lasts , and fun to think about later , fun to ... + no , i'm fine . i was just thinking . + what's the matter ? + do you know your meyers briggs personality type ? i bet you're an xxx . + telling someone intimate details about who they are after ... inspired . i'm both , but very few people realize it , i guess . even close friends have to ask if its ok to hug me . i definitely do this . lately , i've been listening to an album on repeat . kendrick lamar - - good kid , m . a . a . d . city . i've listened to it at least twice a day for the past 2 1/2 months . i got it bad . i love to travel , but it's difficult to schedule time off from work since we have such few employees . texas summer has erupted , and i'm itching to visit friends around the country . i ... gas station hot dogs . extremely danceable pop music . and i'm only slightly ashamed . http://youtu.be/PLPjQCW2Zls to allow myself to get into an honest relationship void of childish idealization , and to accept my lover as they are ... or have the guts to walk away . i've been pretty depressed and generally ill for the past 7 months or so . started using epsom salt baths and its improved my energy significantly . an energetic look at fibromyalgia - by dr . rita louise thoughts ? i've dated the gentle , emotional type , and it drove me bonkers . i found it terribly unattractive . not because he was emotive , but because it never turned off . he was unable to intellectually spar ... celebrity crushes include : justin timberlake , ryan gosling , joseph gordon levitt . everyone pretty much agrees these guys are attractive , but that's because they're celebrities . imagine if these dudes ... '