' wow ... just ... wow . some , like that one , are just totally random and make no sense what so ever . i can understand , and am not annoyed by some slang , obviously - - people being hot for ... oh , i know feeling frustrated over it is a waste of my time , but it's one of those small , somewhat irrational things that just sets me off for some reason . i think what annoys me most about it ... i'm probably about to piss a lot of people off but ... did you ever consider the possibility that mbti may , in itself , be flawed and inefficient ? honestly , it's a common theme in these ... i wasn't really asking ... it was more rhetorical . but thanks for the insight anyway :) never heard shipping - - what context is that one used in ? can someone please explain to me why the f * * k it has become trendy to write tho at the end of any / every compliment or statement regarding how someone might really like something ? i can't take ... the lion king . hands down . as if there was even any question . also , alice in wonderland ( although , i am much more a fan of the original books by lewis carroll ) . while i agree with what many other intjs have remarked about the possibilities of his distance in relation to personality type ... the truth is , not a single one of us here have listened on all of ... black . red purple . and i'm a sucker for seeing reds , oranges , and yellows blended together . so i just finished reading many lives , many masters and was surprisingly satisfied with it . i found it intriguing and it kept my attention , however , i don't think that dr . weiss is the best ... destiny : yes - - or at the very least , i believe that everything happens for a reason . fyi i am not religious . i interpret this differently than most people do . i could explain , but i honestly ... i got anxious , but ... there are reasons for that . lol this is hilarious . this is obviously sarcasm at its finest , people . intj 4lyfe c'mon . this . i don't believe that facebook helps people to truly keep in touch . i should mention that i used to have one ( and , all i ever really did with it was post youtube videos of cats doing stupid ... haha ! you got me to lol for real . i'm glad you brought up linkedin . that's actually one thing i intend on trying out when i finish school and am looking for jobs . samesies . other than that , i'm not incredibly picky , but i prefer to have lots of healthy options otherwise i get a little anxious . like others have said , i'm particular about textures - - ... please explain how that's productive for the other person . i mean , i understand that sometimes people like to sh * t on others ' feelings to make themselves feel better ... but that's not necessarily ... well , that is usually the case for me . i am talking more specifically about especially overwhelming situations , in which the overwhelm tends to interfere with my ability to make words . i just ... yeah , so , i love surprising people as well - - i actually get way more stoked about other people's birthdays and such than my own . but , i am not necessarily good at surprising people , haha . i often ... i need to add : curiosity . i'm curious what i'll be like when i'm old , if i make it that far . and , i do promise people that i will talk to them when ready to ... but for some people , that seems too much to ask . they want answers , and they want them now . what makes me angry about that , ... i'm just curious . how many of you have a twitter , facebook , myspace , instagram , or public blog ? if you do have one , to what extent do you use it / what type of content are you typically interested in ... i don't know if this is going to fit in with this thread ... but i'll give it a shot . so , i think i'm a romantic ( and hopelessly so , of course ) . but , i have a ton of trouble accepting it and ... well , because , the grass isn't always greener on the other side . what if i decided to take my own life , and found out that it was a mistake ? for the record , i don't know if i believe in an ... do i feel like my subconscious is howling at me like a primal beast ? of course i do . like elight said , that's ni at work . honestly , i never thought much of it though , it's just always how it ... 36 ( fear ) + 33 ( avoidance ) = 69 that's about right . anything by michio kaku i was actually going to suggest parallel worlds . i have to say origin of species by charles darwin , even if it's been said already . that's on my top three . i'm more ... i guess the way i see it is that i do use them ... just differently than most people do . i will refer to some of them sometimes , like i said , it's just that after i write things down , i often will ... you know ... i think that is the case for me , which is why it can take days for me to process them . good insight . i mistyped myself as infj in the past . even in the past i would get the intj result sometimes , but kept mistaking myself for infj . and i have a theory behind it . i believe that i resembled an ... i am pretty into my health and fitness . i wouldn't call myself a fanatic , because i could definitely do better ( but then again , i always think i can do better than what i am doing ) . i love running ... yeah , my apologies for the painfully clever title : rolleyes : so , i suppose i am just mostly curious if this has anything to do with personality type ... or just a me thing . due to recent ... i love dogs ... but children , not so much . i tolerate them when i have to , but i never understood why everyone is so anxious to have children . i don't see the appeal . my dogs on the other hand ... i'm going to be honest and admit that i didn't really read all of that , but that i just wanted to interject with my own experience of taking notes ... i , too , take notes , and i do so for pretty ... what if i like the lists , packing the luggage , etc . but i hate the transportation aspect of it ? whether it's car , bus , plane ... doesn't matter , i am not a fan of transportation . it gives me anxiety . ? ? ? all intjs are lazy ? why didn't i get the memo ? this question irritates me , but i feel compelled to respond to it anyway . i am fairly annoyed by laziness , and incredibly disgusted and offended by intentional immoral behavior ( and usually , if ... two things are really pissing me off lately ... and always : 1 . stubbornness . yes , i am all for sticking to your guns when it is warranted . but remaining inflexible in spite of knowingly being ... ugh .. i don't know if i feel amused or annoyed by the stupidity in those examples . ha ... i'm pretty sure it's the latter . i love this entire explanation . i recently had to explain to a friend of mine that it's absolutely pointless to call me to hang out last minute . it's a budding friendship , and unaware of the ... currently , i'm in school for radiography . i'll get back to you when i get a job , and let you know how well i take to it . but the schooling part is great , because i love the sciences . the whole ... i absolutely hate surprises , i don't care how positive they may be . that sounds ridiculous , i know , but it's completely true . i don't like being expected to react a certain way , on the spot . for ... i can strongly relate to what you said here . my own husband accuses me of being arrogant . i know what i know , and i'm not going to pretend that i don't . maybe that does sound arrogant to most ... i disagree that being an infj exclusively indicates that math isn't an individual's cup of tea ... and that things like literature and history are . i personally can't stand history . it's boring and ... speaking in a way that defends your own case ( i . e . speeding ticket ) doesn't necessarily make you manipulative . to me , manipulation means using a person's emotional hot spots to inhibit their ... well , i just wanted to throw in an update here , and also re-thank everyone who had responded . i quit tattooing on monday . although i already knew i needed to do it , the attitudes of the ... i feel like i need to make a list of both past fears and phobias and current fears and phobias , because i as i have overcome many of them , new phobias and fears always seem to develop for some odd ... i've been trying to gather up some basic info to start playing around with ideas of different options in my head , and i'm pretty interested in the dietician / nutritionist idea , as well as a substance ... thanks everyone who responded . i guess my biggest curiosity - which i never got around to asking after all of my rambling - is how , as an infj specifically can you come to find a job that you're ... '