' for me it is not about not forgiving or not using the golden rule . someone is only doorslammed after repeated incidents of the same bad behavior . it would be quite stupid to not realize that the ... i think it is easy to spot fellow infjs if i interact with them in some way . i notice they are polite and agreeable and smart . ) ) ) i agree with this . this is my safe haven where i go to be understood because i am so misunderstood everywhere else in my life . i only like to have deep relationships . don't tell me that i need to have more ( shallow ) friendships because that is not me . you know you are an infj when sensors correct you on specifics and act like you are an idiot when in reality you know that they do not get it - that they are not seeing the big picture . i just finished reading nice girls just don't get it by lois p . frankel . in this book the author also suggested reading brag ! the art of tooting your own horn without blowing it , crucial ... thanks for your opinion . i do value it because you seem like a caring person . i appreciate that you did some soul searching because that shows a lot of character . perhaps my friend is an unhealthy ... i don't know . i was hurt , puzzled and shocked by it because i have always considered her a good friend and i never shut her out . perhaps she was actually saying that she found other friends to ... this thread is also relevant to me . i know this enfp friend who is so confusing to me . first , she says she wants to catch up at a restaurant . i meet her there and she proceeds to point blank tell ... sure , you don't have any family members that have dominant intuition . however , i wouldn't say that you have no intuition in your family because isfps have introverted intuition as their terietary ... i had to laugh at her intro because i could relate so much . my family members are all pretty much introverted so when we go camping we are sitting around the campfire with our noses in our books ... the only e-mail i have saved had real emotional significance to me . i knew i was going to doorslam a friend and i knew that was my last communication ever with that person . the reason i saved the ... i am married to an isfp . he says i am emotionally very needy but that he doesn't mind . i agree that i am emotionally very needy . what i love about my husband is that he is a great listener when i ... when you hold back telling your boss something about your life or what you are thinking because you don't want to be forever stereotyped . melancholy music i can definitely relate to your mom's behavior . my dad is an intp and my mom is an isfj . they clash a lot and it seems to be getting worse . my two sisters are istj and esfp . my brothers are ... i am truly stumped . perhaps people in the enfp forum would have some good advice about this ? i personally don't think enfps and infjs are a good match . there is a great discussion about this at ( e ? ) nfp's and relationships , commitment , and stability . hope this helps :) when someone says something to you that is snarky and you cannot come up with a retort because you are so stunned and you have to go home and think about where they are coming from to understand why ... when you say i feel when you are stating something instead of saying i think even though i think is more appropiate in the sentence . example : i feel like the weather is nice today instead ... i am an infj 4w5 . i don't have any friends ( just acquaintences ) at the moment besides my husband and my sister , which i am actually okay with . there are a couple people who want to start a friendship ... the last time i got sensory overload was last weekend when my estj mother-in-law was visiting . the first day she talked nonstop and i listened intently and acted interested and nodded in all the ... you must be a perciever because you said you hate to think of any relationship as being completely closed ever . personally , that drives me nuts - i need to have closure or else i cannot move on . i ... this made me laugh out loud . i suspect my boss would say the same thing about me . making work work for the highly sensitive person by barrie jaeger , ph . d . i am an infj female married to an isfp male . i think if he is cooking dinner for you he is very interested in you . i wouldn't worry about messing up because isfps are genuine people and i think he ... i check that my keys are in my purse multiple times . i check that the door is locked multiple times . the reason i do it because i am so spacey and thinking about other things so i have to double ... my joy today is having a lazy day . i experience my inferior se when i am stressed out . it makes me want to do some exciting activity to blow off steam instead of being in my head as usual . people who seem to have no understanding that not everybody is like them and tries to change you to be like them . people who ask you to cover for them at work over every mundane reason . people who ... thanks jamie.ether for starting this thread . at first i was a little skeptical but by the time i was finished reading your post i did feel better and more postitive about myself . i just tried it twice and both times they asked me m or f and then asked me if i was horny . i love all the stuff from restaurants and stores that come rolling in for my birthday . so far i got a $ 10 off gift card to sterling drug , a $ 5.00 off coupon for dsw shoes and a gift card for any free ... psychological types by c . g . jung yes ! which is why i am obsessive about checking to make sure my keys are in my purse . i also am always forgetting where i put things so i ask my husband because he understands my weird logic and ... yeah , your ex doesn't sound sane . i was just reading c . g . jung's book called psychological types . on page 380 it says regarding the introverted type : his ideal is a lonely island where nothing moves except what he permits to move . someone who i doorslammed sent me an email message and i ignored it . i think she got the message because she called and left a message on my voicemail saying that she wishes me well . when i door slam . i door slam ! . no more communication . ever . 1 ) is this unavoidable infj behaviour for life ? to be insular , self depreciating & needing consolation / reassurance / resolution 50 % of the time ( & amazing the rest ) ? yes , it is her personality . my ... sleeping ! i get kind of depressed when i am tired . watching a really good emotional tv show or movie or listening to emotional music , or reading a good book . going for a long walk . i am curious how many infjs smoke or do drugs . whether you do or not what is your reason ? there is nothing that i hate about my body because i exercise and eat fairly well and the rest is just genes , so i have accepted my physical traits . the thing i hate ( strong word there ! ) is ... , in the esfj that i know she cannot intuit anything at all , and conversations cannot flow from point a to point c . it has to flow from point a to point b to point c . she does not like to talk ... lately , i am extremely picky about friendships . first , i have to feel very intrigued by the person . secondly i have to feel as if the friendship will be a long one and will last . i put so much time ... i am curious to hear what infjs opinions are about estjs . thanks in advance for all replies . ( i know the title says entjs , it's a typo . i meant estj . ) i don't think that i know any entps in real life . however , after reading some threads on perc from entps i am interested and curious to know one because i appreciate their logic and admire their ... i was curious as to what esfjs think about infjs ? i appreciate all your comments . when i asked your opinions of esfjs , i meant what is your opinion of the esfjs you know , but i thought that was implied . the thing about the esfj that i know is that ... '