' i would describe myself as sensitive . sensitive in the context of my inner self is being questioned . my outer self , the quality of the work others get to see is within context vetted . if someone can ... ditto . though we cannot undo the past , we can keep from repeating it in the future . good on ya ! why not having sex might be good for you - - my picky istj side . what you have : a . virgin critical in that i continue to measure him up . in so many ways he is a good husband to my sister and a good father to their children . but the fact remains that though she is a mother and wife , she ... i can relate . even though my youngest sister is ten years older than i am . in ways i get very protective of all women , not just close friends or family . this doesn't mean i'll always or often take ... we must realize that fear is not real . it is a product of thoughts you create . now do not misunderstand me , danger is very real . but fear is a choice . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aanhrAnGqPY opportunity . she said yes ! : blushed : if you accept , my newest pc friend . if not , not . ( that's 10 words . ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL6wbsGx9qw don't you dare put the blame on me ! : angry : one word is more efficient . hurried rendevouz ? hurried wasn't me . : shocked : how many others are there ? why not thank ? bewildering is but one word , ... apparently not . : sad : there i was , drafting a letter back to her , when to my surprise i received another letter and therein it contained : .. . - - - . - - / - . - - - - / - . - - - - - .. - . - . / - - . - - . - - . ... my dearest hela , it is good to read your letters . the last one i read was a few minutes ago , almost too long for a man to bear . i knew you would write me again , it's the thought that kept me ... about 20 minutes left in one movie . ( started watching it 12 hours ago ? ) buffering a youtube video at high quality . writing a private message . snacking on some granola on skype sipping some ... isn't that what you normally get ? i'd say 2 . true looks come from the inside , not the out , which eliminates 1 . true intelligence comes from the ability to communicate it , which eliminates 3 . good ... ista in a way it is tradition and reliability , but it also is using ne as means to tease with the purpose of having an element of surprise . not surprise in that you already know that eventually it ... ista , did you never create a thread in the intro forum ? : shocked : i may remember that for years . : laughing : ista , she never says hello . :d ry : i don't know if it's an istj thing , but i know what you're talking about and i do this . i think of it as a comedian's callback . from wikipedia : example being at work where me ( istj ) , an ... see , i did youtube in the past . put up over 80 videos showing my face . one person i know stumbled across my videos . i immediately changed all my videos to private and have not put up a new video ... some people know my full first middle and last name . some people have seen a picture of me . some people have heard me sing karaoke . some people have my skype . some people have my number and we have ... 1 . physical touch 2 . quality time 3 . words of affirmation 4 . acts of service 5 . receiving gifts # 1 : physical touch ( 100 % ) - if someone loves me with physical touch , i'm theirs . from ... interested in what though ? sex ? safe to say yes . anything more ? well , maybe , but in most cases no . i'm generalizing . i'd put vegas odds on this being a double rebound . has anyone seen the movie next ? that's what i think about when i look at infj . you look into the future and see one way that things can play out . but every time you look into the future it changes ... thank you ms . cat avatar ! : kitteh : your voice hasn't changed . :) i could hear you but had to listen to it a few times , so i transcribed it . hi per-c it's dauntless . i wanted to say thank you ... touk i wouldn't call it stalking per se . stalking would be done in a stealthy manner . you could call it an infatuation . as an istj i'm the same . i'd say it's an si thing . and i'll go deep . google ... hey . yes , enfp can at times be annoying . as a whole i still love them though . and you actually put here whatever you want to put here . you're a language syntax nazi , eh ? enjoy english ? given the ... 27 / 38 = 0.71 this matches the ideal child bearing ratio of 0.70 , what subconsciously guys are attracted to . if you haven't had children yet your first one may turn you from the pear into that ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... what was your type journey to isfp ? what lead you to finally settle on isfp ? what has made it a better fit than all of the others before ? another lurker in the light . welcome . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! question to discuss : what something you sincerely like that receives enormous amounts of hate ? stranger : me you : too easy question to discuss : ever touch a friend while they were asleep ? you : yes stranger : no you : to wake them up thank you for the suggestion . :) done . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlN3oEjMpUQ question to discuss : rape is natural and healthy ... all animals do it ... i have a natural right to vagina your conversational partner has disconnected ... you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! question to discuss : what's the nastiest thing you would ever do to a girl ? you : go down on her stranger : nothing lol crux gemmata hello mermaid . what did your friends type as ? your english is fine . what can you relate to the infj type the most ? welcome . hi there infp . i generally like f's better too . though i'd say not being obnoxious isn't by type but down to the individual . wow , life is painful to live ? welcome . i know what you put the first time ! :) sparklers i was on facebook for about four months . my account is still there and when my birthday comes around i see the email that people no doubt have wished me another happy birthday , even though i haven't ... any day can be the start of a new sentance , paragraph , page , or chapter in one's life . maybe a sunday or monday , or the first of a month . most often than not resolutions end up saved throughout the ... sidekicklover 22 i'm always looking at people's biographies . hey , she posted her strengths ! oh , but she hasn't posted here yet . :) so with a top 5 of : adaptability . positivity . connectedness ... i talk to myself , but then i'm aware and intentionally talking to myself . sometimes in the car . rarely around others . unless i'm doing it to make a stronger mental note about something . hiddenangel thank you for sharing . sounds like you did some learning and growing . from where you are today may you in this next year continue your journey with further learning and growing . :) for ... hello . heard someone was looking for a guy who has to compare to a check list . welcome to perc katla . there's plenty of learning that can be done if that's what you're after . there's also plenty of great people to know and have fun with just shooting the breeze . remember to ... i don't smell anything , but my sinuses haven't been clear the last couple of days . anyway , some weather we're having .. hello hiddenangel ! i'm honestandtrue , an istj . i joined here a couple months back . my experiences on this forum . hmm . to put it to songs i'd say i've moved from pink floyd's comfortably numb to ... hi , infp . : happy : why are introductions scary ? how long have you known your an infp ? welcome , learn , listen , and , of course , speak ! :) after reading this , i just have one thing to ask . what's your blood type hon ? feeling is the first step . feel it all , think it all , say / type / scream it all . grow closer to your friends . sadly , this is one of the things in life , though never should it happen , that is smart to ... '