' i enjoyed all the people in the mall today . i felt so relieved to be in the middle of a large crowd . father - entj mother - esfp brother-exfp currently , i'm thinking about boxing and how nice it must be to go see a game in person instead of on the t . v . would the crowds be too much for me or just encourage my blood lust ? perhaps , i should ... i thought being blunt and sometimes a bit crude was a trait men liked . short and to the point generally helps me in the guy department more than flowery and timid . the best thing is i'm like this all ... while i think it's a bit silly to either like or dislike an entire personality based on a few people who calm to be this or that , i have met two enfp's . one i disliked and distrusted-not due to his ... an inspirational hardship book filled with sarcastic comments , blunt explanations of sexuality , and buried feelings covered witha happy smile . inxx i'm thinking intuitive due to your profile picture . other than that , i really don't know . introvert , was a guess since quiet cerebral types tend to get their emotions going with music ... eh ... i'm studying psychology and minoring in german . if money wasn't an issue i would also study history , anthropology , and philosophy . i would also learn as many languages as possible i think people are special . there are aspects that make us the same as others as well as different . if you look at the biological level , you could state that most people have these set of organs in ... bitterness the quiet longing of the past the decaying flower that has gained worms they inch their way through your veins with each puff of the cigarette with each inhalation of breath it ... loud noises and people tick you off . people haven't reached the point of their story after 15 minutes . you hate being late . you hate procrastinating ... judgmental looks were you tired of your own internal dialogue ? if god sees according to your views i am certain i would never enter your heaven i would never want to it sickens me , your ... you sit across from me . the boys behind us must be gay - you say this as if you have a deeper knowledge than anyone else . i withheld my first thought - to look at you as if you were stupid . your ... i like long fingers and rough hands ( soft hands on a man are not for me ) . i like tall , dark , and handsome , i guess . i love deep set features . no , i understand it would make things easier , but i'd rather feel like an adventurer and find out myself . i understand . i thank all of you for clarifying . i did try to come up with an interesting and helpful thread . i see i fell short of the mark . ;) back to the old drawing board as it were . deep down , these chicks are craving someone to cram them back into their feminine role . if they're hot enough to be worth the effort , i'd try it out . what the fuck ? this , this ... i'm ... so , i went through the other forums and realized entps do not have a creative releasing of ideas thread . i even searched for it and didn't find any . why is this ? we all have interesting things to ... well , i know i'm getting an itunes giftcard . other than that , all i want to have is my family around me ( as cheesy as that sounds ) . gifts don't mean that much , but quality time spent with those i ... when i have enough money i may treat my friends or family to eating out or something they want . i don't usually depend on holidays to treat people i love . i also don't have to go through the process ... you are in the emergency room waiting for your grandfather and want to punch the lady on the cooking show who uses puns in horrible ways . i really wish shakespeare could rise up from the dead and ... can't help you here . math is not my forte . deductivereasoner i was a bit of a loner in high school due to the shallow groups of people . in college everything is relaxed . i hated high school , but love college . :) muser my professor talked about how the test only measures inteligence based a middle class american male . he gave an example of when iq testers went to alaska and tested the native children there ... i'm a bit jealous that all of you have worship threads . ;) is it 4 or 5 and counting ? hilarious . i'm just trying to understand the pull to these tests . don't iq tests just give us a view of our potential for achademic success ? it's not like it's set in stone . plus , my psychology teacher went on ... tgniewek i go to ulm . it's cheaper to go in state for four years then find a grad . school later . :) eating isn't something i savor . i want to hurry up and move on to the next thing . i eat really fast . if someone wanted to be romantic with me , it would not be through food . going to plays , camping , or ... family guy , sure , but american dad is what i watch for a good laugh . south park never amused me . i'm enjoying college . i just completed my first semester and can't wait till the next one . i'm studying to be a clinical psychologist , so i'll be there for a couple of years . :) i don't really like facebook , since there are so many people i hardly know who are my friends . i need to weed out a lot of people . the only reason i go on there is that my closest friends post how ... i daydream through out the day and in my classes . i'll laugh out loud because i thought of something very funny , and everyone around me gives me this odd look . this happens mostly at home when i am ... 27831 a recent picture i took . :) mkeath thank you . i like your winter hat . it's cute . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xlE2Evwubc my first video . the voice and video don't quite match up . it depends on my mood and the topic , but usually i'm a skimmer . if it's an extremely tedious book , i will skim like no one's business . on the other hand , if i enjoy the book , then i will read slowly ... no , at least not that i know of . exotic foods or entertainment . i'll go to a greek and labense restaurant that has belly dancing , hooka , and arabic music . plus the candle light and inside fountain ... i'm usually a the library , gym , or hanging with friends at ihop . other times i'm at home relaxing or running outside . as far as being two - faced goes , i'm sure any type could be . it seems a bit silly ... you are able to handle compliments with pure humility and graceful tact . >:) psychology major ;) i'm the same for the most part . however , i have a close group of friends who are interesting enough to keep me on my toes . just today i went to the doctor for some kind of pill to deal with anxiety . she talked with me and then had me fill out a questionnaire on depression . long story short i found out i have clinical ... i think i should get an attack dog or cat . then , i should just greet people nicely as the animal growls menacingly . now that would make my day . : cool : thank you for responding . it can be a total butt for me . i can see it's the same for you . i guess we can't always be perfect . :p today , i attended a psychology majors meeting at my college . i was excited at the prospect of meeting more crazy people like me . when i arrived i noticed how many talkative people there were ... i agree with this statement wholeheartedly . my mom and little brother are both esfjs . we get along very well for the most part , but there are days i'd like nothing better than to drop my brother off in some remote village for a month for some ... this is for all the infps who have read my posts about what i've been going through concerning my family . you , have uplifted me by your presence in the replies to some of the posts . i was and am ... stupid people . they always drain me . i have one good friend who is an intj , and we pass sarcasm over our other friends ' heads all the time . usually , we'll give each other looks and begin laughing loudly , which scares some people around ... '