' both too sensitive and too insensitive . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qK7LThfDrEc fallen angel ! shewolf off topic , but for some reason i associate type 6 with wolves , and the quote in your description reminded me of this one 562098 and maybe that is part of the reason why i relate so much to the concept of hungry ghost . no rest for the wicked . :D hungry ghost is a concept in chinese buddhism and chinese traditional ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIuMGGNTmL0&list=RDBIuMGGNTmL0&index=1 heart of steel oh heart of steel , don't kill thy song that sings so we , can heal the harm inside don't leave me ... hs advice # 1 you need to let your heart bleed . you need to stop running from the emptiness . it is terrifying , this void , not being able to feel your heart , feeling like a stranger to yourself . it ... create . destroy . repeat . that's all i ever need . love . hate . take over . surrender . crave . reject . 80 % sexual ( sx ) your dominant instinctual variant is likely sexual . the sx instinct searches for intimacy , and is focused on intense connections . an sx-dominant fears incompleteness , loss of ... what is your partner ´ s mbti and enneagram ? for me , being able to spill out my thoughts and feelings to anyone and them just listening to me is better than any advice in the world . i often know what to do to make things better but i gotta rant ... another case though , is when i don ´ t really give a fuck about the person , but i am bored so i choose to stir things up a bit . in this case , i make it obvious i am 78 % joking anyway ... being vulnerable to someone brings out shame in me . and fear of course . i am ashamed to even let others know they have hurt me or had any effect on me . when it happens , a part of me wants to rage at ... only kidding , i just received my wave of emotions for today . i feel nothing anymore . and that ´ s coming from a 4 . : sad : i miss my cat too . i haven ´ t seen him in almost a year because i moved out of country and now i ´ ve been told he disappeared from home for like 2 weeks or so . the thought of never seeing him ... perhaps because it is easier to convince others we are a certain way in order to get convinced ourselves ? or perhaps because we just crave to be seen for exactly who we are and who we are is that ... i swear i sometimes look at my family , the people i've known for a lifetime and ... they don't feel familiar to me at all , and then i feel all alone on this earth . i mean , i know them and i love them , ... infp . baddest infp ever . :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5TnPjOd_To https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTKu47dyP3o oh , i think you have a typo there , you probably meant brave . you're welcome :P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPKd__Tfb90 you didn't stop to look ' round you were gone before i hit the ground you went on your way , and no prayer was said you left me for dead you didn't ... i am a horrible person . oh man , nice cover ! thanks for that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4irXQhgMqg love your avatar . yeah , my dad is great when it comes to that . infj . i'm sure that sucks , i had such moments even though i am a 4 , and when it happened it was usually because i had too much anger and rage in me and it needed to be let out through different ways other ... i don't have any , though . i do have a few knifes back home in romania , but that's it . i do plan on collecting some in the future , though . i used to wander around with knifes in my bag when i was ... 473258 doesn't matter :D i felt you were thinking it , haha :D hahaha . oooo nice . badass 6 :D daggers will always be my fav , though . and that video reminds me of someone . :D hehe i don't know , but i like to think you're part of my soul family :D it would explain why i relate so much to you . i know , i do the same . i feel like i've given my feelings so much thought , ... aw <3 | the cat is mad at you . blame fi haha . i never liked dolls either , i liked my knifes ( okay , fine ... my brother's knifes ) and collection of weird stuff , like notebooks , letters i would steal ... yes <3 well , once people see themselves in your work , they instantly see you . i used to have this problem as a child because i was very introverted and just too sensitive , so i would just lock ... yeah :( i have that issue too . i communicate better through art , anyway . and yeah , there is up to you to make it happen ... except for when you meet people that feel like they are mysteriously attuned ... love the song , fits with the way i'm feeling . not dramatic at all . many people have accused me of exaggerating , many people can go fuck themselves . i happen to want to really feel everything ... the fear of being abandoned and forsaken is literally killing me . slowly . i can't sleep and many times i wake up crying at night out of nowhere for hours . ghost emotions and memories flood me and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppLKAzyYLQU well i stepped into an avalanche , it covered up my soul ; when i am not this hunchback that you see , i sleep beneath the golden hill . you who ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ia9N9MdSa0 hmmm 7w6 or 8w9 infinity paradox https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGWzq5OrpCI just the first thing that came to me , really , as soon as i saw your pictures . you have that 2 + 7 vibe my sister has . as for instincts , i really don't know :P ha 3 :D why ? maria brink - sx 3w4 with an 8 fix , marina - sp 3w2 ( most probably , i see it now ) with a 1 fix ... only a 1 fix could explain why she's so perfect : unsure : not my kind of perfect , but as in flawless . damn it , tell me that chick from banshee has the same tritype as me ' cause i loved her in the series :D that is true , but there is also that 4ish spice in many of her songs . plus , i got a lot of pride too . but i am confused about her wing too .. :P animal and sun daeva , both sx 47x in that picture : tongue : karmachameleon 271  4665144 6652246653 04665384665 46 from old to new noooooo . marina is a sp or sx 3w4 , don't ruin my dreams xd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBqzQtg5J3U do you believe in shame ? do you believe in love ? do you believe in shame ? if love can conquer all then why do we only feel the pain ? '