' female infj most : enfp , enfj , infp , infj least : estp , istp , estj , istj inside my head is much better than reality ... i completely agree ! i don't have anyone like minded in person so it's nice to have people online to connect with . :) being a perfectionist is tough ! inside my head is much better than reality ... all of this is me inside my head is much better than reality ... actually accomplish goals . i have them but can't ever get myself started . i have a very difficult time living today , my mind is usually on the past or the future and this is becoming a real issue for ... wow i think i completely misunderstood the question lol inside my head is much better than reality ... i need proof that what i'm doing is wrong and comparible situations that resonate with me . mbti has helped me tremendously . i now understand why i've felt different all my life and why my thoughts ... awkward smile followed by more silence ... inside my head is much better than reality ... i remember in a video simon said he was much more introverted than martina but i can't remember which one . inside my head is much better than reality ... as an nj it's been interesting to see what is considered normal as us infjs are often considered not . inside my head is much better than reality ... 95134hks being alone is much better than being in a bad relationship . i am divorced from an abusive man and am very happy for that . i work 2 jobs due to losing the income that having a working ... a for assertive makes sense . are you talking about my signature ? ( inside my head is much better than reality ... ) my life has been pretty crappy for the last few years due to circumstances out of ... what does the a stand for in istj-a ? inside my head is much better than reality ... from what you said you sound more infj to me . inside my head is much better than reality ... this ! my ex is an estp . he is very narcissistic and manipulative . after enduring him i'd much rather be alone than with someone who isn't right for me . i know several people who can't handle ... this exactly 😀 inside my head is much better than reality ... i completely agree with this . inside my head is much better than reality ... this and your weird or what's wrong with you . inside my head is much better than reality ... me too inside my head is much better than reality ... i've said all the above [ emoji 52 ] inside my head is much better than reality ... do you get what i mean ? after every couple of sentences lol tired of ppl going along with conversation having no idea what i'm talking about . inside my head is much better than reality ... i need to go have a look at the enfp threads ! inside my head is much better than reality ... 😂 😂 😂 inside my head is much better than reality ... i find this quite amusing ! ! lolololololololololololol inside my head is much better than reality ... definitely agree with this ! being an authentic person will draw us the most . inside my head is much better than reality ... sensors have a hard time understanding me in my experience . they have been the most judgemental towards me . inside my head is much better than reality ... lol my ex is an estp as well as a former boss . yes we figure people out very quickly . either the spark is there or it just isn't . a former co-worker was an enfp . we fed off each other's energy ... thank you ! you guys make us feel good when we're down and are always ready for a new adventure ! we can truly be ourselves around you . we are a good combo ! [ emoji 16 ] [ emoji 16 ] inside my head is ... longlostsanity awww i'm glad and thank you ! enfps are amazing ppl ! fun , sincere and great listeners . you get us in a way that the majority don't and don't make us feel bad about ourselves for being ... * sadness * i've wondered what out would be like to have an infj bf , someone who would understand me and i him . your an enfp ? my best friend growing up was an enfp . he really pulled the extrovert ... even though i'm an infj female i have yet to meet an infj male in person . i would really like to and get their perspective on life . inside my head is much better than reality ... are you looking for a male or female ? inside my head is much better than reality ... people like to do this to me too . if i'm pushed to far i retreat / leave and shut down completely . inside my head is much better than reality ... yes ! my brain never stops going . constant noise in my head and analyzing everything . for me , it's mentally exhausting being an infj . inside my head is much better than reality ... i think because we experience the misery of it , we empathise with each other . other than that i'm not sure lol inside my head is much better than reality ... omg i am too ! ! ! i use a period app on my phone to keep track . inside my head is much better than reality ... aaaahhh ! ! ! [ emoji 33 ] [ emoji 33 ] [ emoji 33 ] [ emoji 33 ] inside my head is much better than reality ... why do periods have to be so evil [ emoji 35 ] inside my head is much better than reality ... that was great ! inside my head is much better than reality ... starquill i would feel him out on the first few calls to see how he reacts and then possibly tell him your feelings . i don't know about long distance correspondence . i haven't had to do much of ... with him being an infj he's probably very shy to tell you his feelings until he is sure you feel the same way . if your uncomfortable talking on the phone try texting at first for a bit and see how he ... i agree 100 % with everything hopebeat said . i would try to contact him and get your friendship going strong again . then reevaluate from there . inside my head is much better than reality ... thank you ! she is a fairly insecure person so this would make sense . inside my head is much better than reality ... can someone give me some ideas on how to handle this ? i had posted before on this thread on how an isfj has something to say about most anything i say . i work with her and am a close friend ... your definitely right ! last time i took the test i got 5w6 1w9 4w5 as my tritype . i've never looked at the threads for type 6 , i'll do that thanks ! it's funny , when i take the enneagram test sometimes i get 5w6 and sometimes 4w5 depending on how i feel that day . it's always those ... thank you ! i complain that i feel like i'm speaking a different language . i talk and ppl look like they have no idea what i just said . inside my head is much better than reality ... selena makes me cry ! one of the few sad ones i will watch , probably because it's biographical . i refuse to watch any nicholas sparks movies . i can't do it . or fault in our stars . i will be depressed ... i know the arguing in circles thing * headache * my sister who is an intj and i think very similarly . we both get frustrated with ppl not getting us or who want to tell us were wrong . we understand ... yes happy movies ! i refuse to watch sad movies . i have enough sadness in my life i don't want to add to it . inside my head is much better than reality ... '