' this test wasn't even close on my gender , age , or mbti type . interesting . i checked out the goto quiz . it looks like maybe it takes all the sorting questions from pottermore ? anyway , with this expanded quiz , i got ravenclaw at 84 % and slytherin at 73 % . i'm ... a lot of entps test slytherin . i'm kind of a slytherclaw . i wanted to be ravenclaw before i read the ravenclaw description from pottermore . after reading that , i was hoping more for slytherin ... i probably did a lot of drugs in my youth ... but i don't remember . ;) i do know that i don't do drugs now . i like dogs and wish them well and never want to see them abused etc . but i love cats . i live with two of them . you know you're a thinker when ... a good student comes up about 8 points short of an a in the course you teach . you look through the recent work to see if perhaps you were too tough and could ... my favorite is seeing trees in which children are older than their parents . ;) but to be honest , my own tree is a combination of thorough research and brainstorming , and i wonder how much of this ... i got interested in the german when the autosomal results gave me unexpected levels of scandinavian and eastern european . i expected some scandinavian just by virtue of having british isles ancestry , ... i guess i have a different take on this . i do a lot of academic work , and i don't plagiarize ideas . but in researching my family , i do take hints from distant cousins . maybe it's the ozark girl in ... dna is so much fun ! i took one autosomal test , and now i can't stop finding out more and more . it's really become a major fascination of mine . i1 and u5a1b ... sounds like you've got nordic ... in terms of documented records , i can get my direct paternal line back to the 1650s in virginia . well , actually , there's a land grant in 1650 . then there's a 100 year gap between the land grant and ... well , in fairness , she did say 80s dance parties . so ... no disco balls . torn t-shirts and jeans and time to rock the casbah ! oh and yeah ... that newfangled vcr contraption thing ! make sure it ... yes , exactly . :) in recent years , the trend has definitely been towards separating these two groups into divergent generations . seo ! i'm loving it ! friday night dance parties and pong ftw ! fwiw , i don't like the name either . but the name has been in circulation for over a decade . my friends and i - years ago - came up with boxers ( in between boomers and xers ) to describe our ... actually , it is my contention that the baby boom is not a generation at all . it is two sub-generations of different generations welded unnaturally together by a single demographic event ( i . e . , lots ... lol . or my answers ... did you go to woodstock ? no , but i did know a girl in college who hit sid vicious with a beer bottle . or did you see the beatles in concert ? i'm all in favor of a genjones forum . the baby boom is a demographic event , not a generational event , and it's just weird always being lumped in with the older boomers . they invented the summer of ... i'm willing to entertain that possibility , but can you explain ? another female estp : kara thrace ( a . k . a . starbuck ) from the re-envisioned battlestar galactica . ( at least i've always seen her as estp ) . violet may indeed be istj or estj . as for maggie smith ... alan rickman ( who worked with her on harry potter ) has described maggie smith as perhaps the wittiest person alive . he could never keep a ... - thanks for confirming the ineffable nature of your holistic perception . as for movies ... well , yeah , i can get caught up in an emotional plot too , especially if it's well done . if ... celebok - excellent insight into the s / n divide . i felt completely at home watching the n-dom video . i can get overwhelmed , though , with too many concrete , sensory details - unless i can see them in ... probably not . i was 19 when i decided that i needed to figure out the meta-answer to life , the universe , and everything . intense analysis commenced . i think it's more a youth thing , though , than a ... intp because even though your comment seems pretty random , it has its own internal logic . ;) i watched 2 of the videos ( i'll get to the third later ) . i found the holistic / discrete processing part interesting too . what i think happens with me is that i do get non-linear big picture ... i'm not a clinician by any means , but just based on the op , this person sounds possibly borderline personality disorder to me . ( threatening suicide ? - typical bpd maneuver , unless of course he's ... * deleted content * sorry ... double post yeah , the ne / si seems clear to me . her world is just all over the place . i'd say infp . it's a great album from start to finish . but the finish is my favorite track ... a day in the life . some classics : play misty for me misery vertigo sorry ... didn't see you wanted modern / underground . no worries . like i said , i was just replying to a question about methodologies used on the forum . someone upthread suggested that a lot of people may be typing based only on type descriptions or ... lol . i was answering a question from upthread about what sorts of measures go in to members ' determination of type . i was not justifying my n preference . i have no need to justify it . my impression from reading the forum is that most members have taken at least some sort of test and many have taken multiple tests . i have taken online tests , the official mbti step 1 and step 2 , ... well yeah it's horrific . but the scene i'm really focused on is the one with one of frey soldiers bragging about it ... before arya offs him . in the book , we just hear about it in kl . here , we get a ... glad you got a laugh ! not the ones written for the show ! ;) but seriously , i thought the arya scenes in this episode were just brilliant , giving us a 1st person perspective of the robbwind ... no , it didn't happen that way in the book . ygritte shot jon outside the tower when summer ( bran's wolf ) attacked to help jon escape and jon rode off . she got jon in the leg but not in the shoulder ... in fairness , dany didn't start the cult . the freed slaves started the cult . she accepted it . same result , but different point of origin . i type you entp . ;) brilliant ! the ending for the finale was exactly what the episode title indicated , but not what the book fans wanted to see ... all of the book fans i've talked to wanted the episode to end with the awakening ... i think they are unlikely to hire either a high-profile movie actor or an american actor to play the 12th doctor . john hurt is a previously-unknown older incarnation of the doctor ( possibly the version that the 9th doctor regenerates out of ) . we will find out more about him - and why the 11th doctor is so ... a serious flaw , i believe , with typing gatsby as entp is that the object of his devotion is daisy . entps make love to ideas . daisy doesn't have any . she is an insipid , boring airhead . no entp ... gatsby as entp ? he's a romantic . everything he does - including his shady business dealings - is done to attain a non-existent romantic ideal . most entps would get distracted by about a billion other ... no russian-invented sass in season 1 . your patience will be rewarded . ;) we don't really even start to get a glimpse of littlefinger in all his glory until the second half of book 3 . as i said before , he's playing what i'd call the ... it's an entp , with some cameos by other functions before reaching the inferior . sounds like what you really want is william hatnell . ;) but is that going a bit too wibbly wobbly timey wimey ? stay tuned . assuming the tv show does not deviate too far from the books , littlefinger hasn't even gotten started yet . to be honest , littlefinger's most significant plots would involve spoiler territory for you . he'll start to ramp up his game in the next season of the show ( second half of the third book ) . we're ... here's one for the lannister fans in the house ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55Tm4nCB3P0 enjoy your victory while you still can . ;) '