' ... is it possible to stop caring about someone entirely ? well i believe it's possible to stop caring about someone entirely . if they never cross your mind anymore , then you'd never bother to ... i don't think i fall in love easily . however , i do get infatuated with people easily and fast : crazy : because i start to fantasize a lot after getting to know someone i'm interested in only after a ... yeah maybe so :) enfj does fit her . i'm not sure how to describe it but i just felt an instant connection when i met her ( maybe the nf thing ) because of how friendly and genuine she came across . ... umm i don't think you're being foolish or immature . you have good reasons for thinking that way especially if you feel like it would really affect how you feel about yourself plus you'd be lying to ... cats are soo cuute : laughing : .. i grew up with one as a child , but i don't have one anymore . but i like them . i like dogs too though . erm anything cute , furry , and cuddly lol . i love hugging my ... i've actually had this happen to me before . when i attended a new class for the new semester , a girl sat next to me and started chatting with me . awhile later she suddenly revealed to me how she ... i'd really like to befriend a isfp .. they seem really nice , sweet , creative and cool ! i had a teacher who i think was an enfj during one of my college lectures .. she made the subject so much more ... i often wonder what my istj friend thinks of me : crazy : he's so hard to read .. i have this istj friend that i talk to online ( known each other about more than a year now ? ) .. i want to be there for ... one time i studied with someone .. and she recopied notes to remember what we learned in class . ( like 5 full pages worth ) : confused : i found that very strange because i didn't get how recopying notes ... > . > ; i keep questioning what religion i actually am lol .. still a bit confused as to what accurately represents what i think .. anyways , i'm an infp and i think what best fits me is ... welll i think my brother is a nt ... i guess he is smart in general and when he wants to be . he can go to lectures , skip or not really pay attention and slacks off . but when he gets serious and aims ... well i'm an infp but .. i also sort of noticed this as well . i don't think i'd say people online find me irresistable lol .. but in general , i notice that .. when i befriend guys online and get close ... i like tend to like and admire fictional characters too : crazy : probably because they are made-up so they can be so incredible . mmm maybe arwen from the lord of the rings movie and chikane from kannazuki no miko anime ( pic of my avatar ) .. lol :p roud : ooh and hinata from naruto .. i'm listening to inuyasha midi melodies : crazy : currently the ( sango theme ) . it's an anime lol . 1 ) do you think / feel that 2 people of matching sexual orientation ( so a m and f for straight people , or m-m / f-f for gay / lesbian people ) can be platonic friends ? yes they can be platonic friends , ... i would like to ask all of you a few questions i have about infps and their friendships : * are infps loyal and long lasting friends ( keep friendships for 10 years + ) ? i think i can be a very ... i used to play some mmorpgs and yeah i tended to play alone a lot . in games like lineage 2 and ragnarok i seem to always end up exploring areas and leveling by myself . : confused : i think it's mostly ... ahh i have a bad habit of doing this as well .. : mellow : this is one of the reasons why , i don't like posting so much . i like lurking around the forum and reading more than writing my own thoughts ... i did this a couple weeks ago and felt really bad about it . i went to a karate store to check up on the prices and classes and was getting ready to go home .. when he started telling me to sign up ... yeah i don't think i'm aggressive / angry all that much or at all . the most i'd do is yell and such , but i'll never hit anyone out of spite . > . > ; i remember when i was physically bullied sometimes , ... well if it was the other way around .. i wouldn't want to forget someone even if it brought me pain ( am thinking of someone in mind ) .. even though many of them were bad memories ( with some good ) , i ... cancer : crazy : i'm 20 and people mistake my age alot > . < ; i don't think anyone has guessed it right before lol . i guess it's because i don't really dress up much , and i don't use make up and such and the way i ... yes i've been bullied many times as i was growing up .. i'm not sure why , i guess because i seem very easy and nice ? even when i was in grade school , i had good friends but i was secretly bullied by ... sorry i'm not an istj but maybe she's not really acting mean towards you , but just pointing out your weaknesses so you can be aware of them and change ? kinda like making you develop a thicker ... by the way :p roud : if anyone is interested in the same things ( rpg games , anime and such ) or just want someone to talk to online about anything then just send me a message ! we could chat on msn ... ummm i believe that humans are naturally selfish anyways lol ( that's how we survive ! ) .. everything we do usually is for a reason that points back to ourselves ( good feelings , pride , etc . ) . so don't ... it was very amusing reading through this thread : crazy : ... it reminded me so much of my two close friends who i believe are esfp and istj . oook i'm guilty with discarding people easily too lol .. but usually only people i view as acquaintances . because we weren't close to begin with and i don't think they'd care if i poofed and it's ... i'm not sure if this goes for all infp girls lol .. but someone who is honest in what they say . i don't like fakeness ( like lying about things or exaggerating to impress me ) just share what you are ... ooh when i was reading around some , and saw your posts .. for some reason i thought you were a guy at first too grey : crazy : sorry ! i love night time .. i think it's because it's so quiet and peaceful :P and everyones gone to bed too . i like staying up late : crazy : .. definitely not a morning person only in mmorpgs : tongue : because everyone automatically assumes you're a guy if you play lol . i hate all of that too : crazy : yeah D: i can relate ... i hate it when people point it out too .. like oh don't say those things to her , she's very sensitive . she's going to think you mean it and cry . i had an uncle that used to ... yeah i think i do . like if someone bullies me or says mean things to me i usually pretend i'm not affected and laugh along or smile . ( that way they move on > . > and stop picking on me since i don't ... you know , sometimes i go to sites like youtube and browse around and would see all the horrible comments that are given to people's videos .. and i'm thinking to myself why do they even bother typing ... yeah sometimes i can find horror movies amusing .. i also might laugh if someone dies a pathetic unexpected death : crazy : like .. if anyones ever watched lost where the guy with the dynamite blew up ... yeaaah i feel the same way . i used to actually think about why was it i seemed attracted to sad stories and sad people lol ... maybe because i'm also a bit depressing haha . but yeah i liked ... reading through this thread reminded me of the numerous times i've had fights with my brother ( he's intj i think ) . when we got into arguments , usually if it was some kind of topic where i disagreed ... well the worst dream i've ever had was ... about some axe murderer chasing me around my house as i was trying very hard to hide myself and stay quiet so he wouldn't find me and cut me in half :d ry : .. ... i have a istj friend that i talk with online . hmm how to describe him ... he comes across as very smart and dependable . he kind of has a plan for everything , like a map of what his life is going to ... i actually liked them all xd but if i had to choose .. i like both piper and paige .. and if i have to choose between them ! ! then um : laughing : i like piper because of her whole love story with leo ... oh wow : laughing : cool ! i also have the whole dvd box set lol . - high fives - we're awesome haha . : crazy : i've went out to drink before with some friends .. i don't think i drank that much but i was pretty tipsy / felt hot and my head was throbbing :d ry : .. and the guys i hung out with , they said i seemed ... : crazy : yaaay waterrr - gets swept away by the waves - nooope :p roud : i'm more into playstation 1 & 2 games .. and i play the wii and psp sometimes . i'm into rpg games . i used to play mmorpgs on the pc but not anymore . i don't think you're strange or anything . if you're happy with the way you are then that's great : laughing : just keep doing it . i think it's because of the whole social expectations thing too ... i'm not sure .. anyone who seems nice and openminded though :) i've met some nice enfps before annd my current friends are istj and ( not sure about this one ) esfp '