' no . if you neglect them , your finances will always be burning on the back of every decision you make , will start to influence your friendships and warp your perceptions of other people and their ... comment : i gotta say mr penguin , i don't really identify with anything you say or how you express it at all . specifically : - fixation on how you're perceived vs how you really are this is ... aaahhmahghash sweetmay 73 here's the thing : i understand shyness and insecurity and the need for attention or whatever , but i can infer from the fact that you write in wholly formed sentences ( and ... nahhh don't do that , i love busting my gut and making a fuss over a woman . the fact that it's not necessary is kinda the point - - in the same way music and colour and dress are also not strictly ... that humans will seek patterns , even if all evidence points to nothing , and will attach faults and misfortunes to blatantly ridiculous belief frameworks ( see for example , religion ) is nothing unique ... it's not dishonest because women are not retarded and understand the limitations and trawling realities of the internet just as well as you do . but man , come on - what you should have wrote , ... facile - appearing neat and comprehensive by ignoring the complexities of an issue monkey king - try this as a basis : humans are innately hierarchical ( as opposed to say solitary or herd like ) . there are exceptions of hermits and degrees of isolation , but these are outlying cases ... cccxxix - that's a bizzare chain of reasoning . you never actually say what you mean by materialism , but i think it goes almost certainly against what most people mean by the term / what a dictionary ... i knew exactly what you meant , and it's strange because type descriptions are typically written to appeal to their owners ( oh it's as though i wrote that myself sort of thing ) . that she finds it ... which esfj description says she's stupid ? can you post the link ? the way the theory rolls you can't bridge between t / f s / n , it would make for a self-contradicting personality and your brain ... dirk diggler when ... i agree with your sentiment , but it goes even further than that . i think it's legitimate to complain about things you think should be done better , if others are elected or even just given ... leat - - no need for apologies , debate is how we just talk ' round here - appreciate your responding . i don't think so - - you made direct reference to how the decision process works inside the ... i think you're spot-on monkey king , specifically with regards to which aspects of te / entj's are materialistic , and what is just resentful projection . i want to spell things out a bit to back up the ... pneumoceptor - woah ! props for carrying this so well and so far . your persona carries the discussions really effectively . i also like how you've started referring to the sessions as doing the other ... lady lullaby - i just happened to pop in and skim the last few pages and listened to about 2 minutes of you discussing your parenting . you've obviously given a lot of thought to the decision to give ... i completely disagree with this . i find charm has everything to do with how in control i feel of my situation . just these last two weeks in fact , i was teetering on the verge of a $ 65,000 fuckup , and ... one day little girl comes home from school , mum , today some boy showed me his penis . mother exclaims what ? ! little girl says yea , and it sort of reminded me of a peanut . trying not to laugh , ... naughychimp aww look at you charming me up with your gratitude ! i feel so special and insightful - just wait until you hear about all about my amazing political brilliance ;) as for educatin ' , ... thing is , i identify with the idea of making my wife's and daugter's ( when they come to exist ) eyes roll by telling or doing dad stuff - - sounds like fun . i'd talk deliberately during a movie if it ... sounds like you need to get out more . i understand how computers work inside and out , yet the workings of the world and history and other people blow my mind whenever i really start to think about ... muchaparadox - - i gather what's being said here , but that's because i've read it in type descriptions . i put mock exasperation in my previous post to try and demonstrate why other people aren't going ... nope , i hate people that talk during movies . if we were getting together to enjoy each others conversation and hilarious wit , then we go to a goddam restaurant or get coffee or go have a drink . ... but hang on , you can't blame other people for this treatment . if i understand correctly , you present a friendly and authentic image , that neither represents your true self nor true intentions ... not really , at least not in the sense that i think people usually mean when they say miss . i get lonely if i haven't been interacting with people very much , but i don't typically have any ... the most important part of masculinity is not giving a toss about what others think of you , and just getting on with your life . i'm 99 % percent sure my housemate is an isfp . when i mentioned the notion of typing a person , he replied , thanks for pigeon-holing me . to him , attempting to peg people with certain ... apollonouta oops sorry ! not trying to attack you , that's just how i speak . remember , i'm just a whale on the internet , i don't actually know the first thing about you . my advice is more general ... scientists in the beginning apollo program knew that , strictly speaking , the classical / newtonian model of physics is wrong ( see : relativity ) yet they still used it and successfully landed a spaceship ... i agree 100 % unfortunately , it also means that one has many more opportunities for exploitation , and the barrier to entry is also lower . as the mpaa is well aware , millions of honest folks ... forgive , i've only read back a few pages but i'm going to add a different perspective . nope . precisely because enfjs command such a strong influence over so many around them , they are ... you have to break from the habits you already have which distract and lead to slacking off . habits go hand in hand with triggers : the area you probably use to write is also likely where you waste ... one ( ha ! ) minor correction , though it might be an issue of language more than meaning : i don't have any concept of a deep-seated kernel to a person , good or bad . actions are a complex mix of ... acknowledging that i'm bringing criticism into the enfp , but i think this is a hopeless selfish way of thinking : and dare i say that if you maintain these sorts of ideas unquestioningly ... immna push this one step further . apollonouta re-read your post , and notice how you've painted your mother as basically unstable , spiteful and vindictive ? she gets angry over nothing ! she singles ... if you're going to go down the dictionary route , let's look for example , at the first result i get on google for ' character ' : interesting how many words it takes to try and pin down the ... falling back on your tertiary ( te -> se for entj ) when under stress is completely in line with mbti theory . see how i worded the idea previously here . also see what i wrote here , applying the ... blatantly rejecting an idea because it has some complexity and controversy is as shallow as accepting it without question . if we take a simple definition of leadership : binding others to work ... you mean like this guy ( or have i uncovered your secret identity ? ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3iOROuTuMA there's some good advice so far , let me be a bit more specific you've managed to hit the gritty , tough-guy-space-marine tone correctly ( like the landing scene in avatar , for example ) but heres ... i think it's crap - - in the sense that it's so abstract vague that it has no actual meaning . fair enough . having a presence and being able to confront is an asset , but you have to back it up with being the best at your job first . try going outside more , where the event aren't scripted to proven money-spinning tropes . alternatively , stop watching trash and get into history . the real world is far weirder and more interesting ... and there's more too that than perhaps you think - - the more frequently your get angry , the less effective it becomes . i know a guy who's been yelling at his kids since they were 3 , and now he ... i can identify with your boss and military supervisors trying to get rid of you . based on your attitude coming through this thread , i would never hire you . i don't believe you're really so ... the trick to taking mbti up a level , if you're not afraid of a bit of theory , is to stop categorising types in terms of capabilities and super-powers . these are symptoms , not the root causes , and ... leelawho - - i sympathise with your frustration here . that genuine compassion can be reciprocated with contempts is a fundamental flaw in the xntj world view . see if you can't make more sense of ... female and male types , it seems - - there's some in this very thread . a lot of entjs have sexy in their avatars , obviously to colour their posts with you better watch what i say cuz i'm hot stuff ! ! ! those black-on-white bond girls bending over are basically ... '