' i'm just curious if you guys have any experience regarding and infj and estj developing some type of small friendship . i want to get to know her more , but she's really a closed-off person when it ... my isfp boyfriend is wonderful at public speaking . i do not know how , but i guess it's his te ; it may be a little more developed than other isfp's . however , his parents are social workers who ... yeah this is what i'm noticing about myself also . justice is becoming more important than mercy - not completely , but it's getting more balanced . hey , before college , i remember being not as assertive . i would please others a little too much and not stand up when i could have . my fe was like a wall of what i truly wanted for myself .  ... 1 . a manly man that is also comfortable and mature with his emotions . 2 . a sappy and hopeless romantic 3 . good and dependable 4 . has faith 5 . polite and matters 6 . has general care for other ... maybe i just notice this isfp's emotional side more , because he opens up to me . we're dating , so that would make sense . hello , an istp i know said that , emotions are stupid . she also hates conflict and avoids it , which i thought was interesting since she's a thinker . do you think she just hates conflict that ... i'm just curious to see how emotional male isfp's are . would you consider yourself too emotional for a guy etc . i feel that too : no longer having to please people that have known me forever , for i am in a wholeee new environment . very interesting ! the manipulation seems mean , but it is so true ( i feel , for infjs ) . i have definitely done this before . hey , just wondering how you and your personality changed when you went to college . :) i've heard this : the ability for infj's to know someone quickly and being open and not fake . oh , i'm very messy . i'm organized with school , but i scatter stuff everywhere . that's how my mind is ( scattered ) , so it's a form of self-expression :) hey , just curious . i just met this enfj about a month ago , and i'm just really surprised how much we get along . he's like an extroverted version of me ! ( literally ha ) . so , just wanted to know if ... thanks :) my fe gets annoying sometimes - _ - i did some self-exploring or whatever , and i realized i'm still an introvert . i'm just a huge humanitarian . yeah . i wrote down all the people i talked to after a breakup , and it was 11 . i also noticed i talk out loud a lot when i'm alone .. xd hey all , i'm just curious to see what other infj's are like . i'm currently undecided on whether or not i'm actually enfj ? i'll just describe my thoughts : - i feel like my mind is a complex web ... possible ;) . i don't know . just as i get older i get more and more talkative . hey , i feel like i'm undecided on if i'm extroverted of introverted ( enfj or infj ) . i took the functions test , and it always says enfj . the first time i took the mbti i got enfj , and then i ... since you do not open up about your feelings often , does that mean your actions reveal them ? i know you do not like to talk about your emotions too much , but i'm just curious on what makes some of you be affected greatly - emotionally . for example , as an infj , homeless people affect me ... do you let anyone in on your deepest thoughts ? or emotions ? do you keep it in alll the time , or is there someone you actually open up to ? i doorslammed when i was angry at something , but not to a person . i've felt like i wanted to once a while ago . my reason for slamming my door when i was angry , was because i do not want to hurt ... haha oops . well it's both german and english :) but yes , i agree with what you said . i am using my ti more , but i'm nottt very good at it . my intp has helped me realize that my worries are not ... ha , nice . i like german . i guess through this , you've learned that infj's are not logical in the mind . just to let you know :) my intp is always saying , it makes no senseee . oh , i know . my ni ... why so bitter ? i'm not perfect lol . well , your reply further supported my idea . narrow-minded . thinking i'm incapable of understanding something , even though i'm just wanting clarification . patience lol . i don't have a 3.9 gpa for ... well , your reply further supported my idea . narrow-minded . thinking i'm incapable of understanding something , even though i'm just wanting clarification . patience lol . i don't have a 3.9 gpa for ... how does this apply ? lol sometimes they are fussy and narrow-minded about things . i am curious from an intp-perspective on relationships . i mean romantic relationships . i'm an infj dating an intp , and i'm just wondering . and bored :) so , what are your thoughts ? yeah . this intp has been teaching me to not even think about the future ... you really do not know what's going to happen , so why waste time thinking about it ? i worry about the future and future conflict . i just think too much and live in the moment too less . from my experience with intp ... - if something is superficial or cliche - huge crowds ( he or she just gets quiet ) - illogical actions from emotions clouding someone's mind - people that can't have a ... it seems like violent jokes seem funny to intp's i know . they say them , and i'm like ... : - o ( because i'm infj and take everything to heart ) haha true . i think the same thing goes for infj's and intp's . so know what you mean ... what's the red wire ? lol i got an intp to open up ! :D istp brother lovesss calculus and math . he's in electrical engineering . loves it . his ti is happy ^ _ ^ i'm infj , and i go to my brother for help on something ( he's older than me ) . he gives one word answers or , can't do anything about that . do you not like helping people ? do you not know how ? does ... i can relate to basically all of this ! especially the infj stare . o . o ahh i see . makes sense . i feel like i get that with a lot of sensing types in my life . it's like ... nevermind ... when i try to explain myself . i'm curious to see how nf's ( particularly infj's ) benefit intp's . do we have help you with improving your comfort with emotions ? do we give you a new perspective in life ? do we just intrigue you with ... okay i'm a little confused haha , what do you mean exactly ? i feel like it could be partly due to our stare ... like when i'm thinking of something complex , i have this really serious gaze . i've been called out on my eyes and my weird laugh ... so maybe :P i'm the same with personal space ! also eye movements . constantly looking everywhere ... i think it signifies my fleeting thoughts . '