' this is not a skill . you say the truth and just emphasize the good parts . i do it too . like a balanced scale , we provide both sides . it is not the smart way but it feels the honest way . almost ... i have many hobbies . i see them as rounding attributes for my self . sports , games , studies , journeys , clubbing , even most ( all at periods ) of my finance related activities , are my hobbies . it is ... - from what i read , an entj first makes fun of themselves and turn goofy when in good mood . we laugh with ourselves first . this is a subtle but quite distinct attribute . we do not enjoy mocking ... fixed = . = : laughing : * passes on some thanks * yay ! * sigh * : tongue : win ! : laughing : xd true ! but i think you have us all figured out , and with your looks , will be just a matter of if you want to play the game . ^ ^ get , get ! =D iirc your pic , you won't have the slightest problem getting one . ;) you are my ... twin ? ! : o i agree with all and experience the exact same . that forced-cuddly-duty is anguish . tell me about it ! or those horrible people with herpes / excessive acne / etcetc that ... two entjs can make good friends . and that , is always an essential thing for long term relationships of any kind . we are also - generally - good looking and the first attraction would be there . the ... i cringed while reading it . uncomfortable truths . i relate to it but who doesn't ? the walking along seems to be such a generic ' truth ' , i can't think of any type not seeing it the same way . am ... i think in terms of te ti . i dissect and form course / understanding / opinion . i feel either through basic emotions or via intuition ( which is like 6th sense ) . - i sense / feel this stock will go up ... i studied music pretty much like anything else : one more checked box in my list of ' things i know ' . all my skill was a physical one ; i have very long thin fingers ( tehehe teachers drool about them ) ... hahahahah xdd serena van der woodsen from gossip girl . lame posture . deficiency all over it . meanwhile , consider to get direct monetary returns from what you are currently doing . 1 . networking . - send press notes to relevant online magazines . make them aware of your work , they may ... : laughing : we feel , most of us powerfully so . what hurts us differs . hahaha thanks for correcting it . ^ ^ how fitting . i think most / many here do this . even when we understand the distinction . how hard is it to read and understand a whole post ? it is pitiful you accusing of lying merely because you couldn't understand . i purposely did the same . however i am noticing months now , people driven away from this forum , posters intimidated to silence and so on . i have no interest in what you have to say whatsoever but , ... it still gets me in trouble . =] unless with an intj . only people that get it and can retort even better . while even non nts can do sarcasm ( have seen istj retorting with a biting level of irony ... life is full of questions , isn't it ? :d ry : no hon . i had tested as intj . and wrong again , it is not that i didn't like it . it is the fact it was wrong . who wouldn't want to be tested as intj ? but then again , your experiences told you ... valuable input . hm , the differences are often very subtle . i will offer just a small detail : in rl encounters , i'd say we are like the pols of a magnet in the way of the field vectors ... how ... disdainful . but not superior . he typed his point . word for word . = . = debo 37 i understand what you tried to urge for , i stand by what i wrote earlier ( though if you disagree do not ... you see what you want to see . and sadly what you can see which doesn't amount to much . now that i know i can reply fully . yes ? obvious is obvious ? again ? did you miss the fact almost ... did i come as saying the opposite ? you amuse me in a way * . =] do you feel attracted to me ? you pop to quote almost anything i say , sadly more often than not , with irrelevant content . about 7 ... i'd like to say cuddly cute sweet idealistic stuff here but cold fact is , i measure success by one factor : achievement or its less glorious child : victory . you sure ? socialism - not communism - is one of the best mechanisms to maintain and protect capitalism . high school material rly . :d ry : which brings to : it pisses me off when history and ... i understand what upsets you . i agree with the general idea . we can't go calling sour grapes because we failed or may fail . consider my whole response as targeted to a specific aspect of your ... =] ] if you happen to be in such a situation , i suggest you don't make it into a dare thing . unless you like the idea ... btw , titles is cute and sexy , hon , sexy is any entj's ... smart ; even brilliant . i will go research the market for similar apps to see if it is already done and to what extend . it has great potential ( thank you ) , now stop advertising it ; i don't want ... hm , no ... i don't care who leads . i care if they lead well . if they don't , i do get annoyed and act upon it . iseewhatyoudidthere : ninja : so am i 10 char i don't see how you consider it normally . usually perhaps ; normally means normal and mother nature seems to think differently on what normal is if you see worldwide life spans data . just sayin ' - deep ice mining . jobs and manufacturing business of the future . - weather control technician . - bankers and lawyers will still exist . cockroaches too . * pun pun * i don't doubt that . but i also don't have to persuade you or explain . besides ... i am distracted and still laughing by your other post . xdd * is speechless by the chosen example * : laughing : * quietly thumbs up * i expected you to get the joke . the original post never warranted to be taken seriously . some counter-norm argument was to be expected . the facts are known to anyone with eyes to look around , ... ditto . well put . genetics . facts . mood . since the older one is the male hon . : wink : hahahah :D fine ! http://seemslegit.com/_images/c4fa13f204853e29ca2bc5cb9d562e95/1434%20-%20animals%20cat%20cute%20ninjas.jpg i don't care about punctuality unless an external factor dictates it . if a plane is taking off at 11:00 and you arrive at 11:15 for example . first impressions do count because they are almost always ... wrong again . and you know it is wrong or you would have flooded exclamation marks . . . . : laughing : thank you captain obvious ... with all the exclamation marks seems like you got excited you even thought of this ... has a coolfactor + 3 every time a guy ( and somehow it is always and only , guys that say stuff like that ) i stare at them , until they turn pink and say an apologizing / evading joke . '