' i don't see whats wrong with some fem-dom in my life , but from a real-life partner rather than simply watching it to get off . being with a woman that takes complete control and takes me down ... if your a scientist , i completely have your back in trying to figure out the mysteries of the universe . otherwise , if you're not giving off the appearance of a threat , just do you . ( for instance ... so i'm working as an americorps vista in boston for a year ( i just started ) . ideally i would like to get a job in a non-profit or as a benevolent city planner type job . i'm very passionate about ... i'm 23 right now ( and single ) so it is definitely not on the table right now . as for marriage in general , i do like the idea . i was raised by happily married parents and couldn't imagine life any ... 1 . i needed to hear others speak in a group while listening in almost silence . then i would go back an ponder their reactions to the scenario presented then come up with my own conclusions on my ... you know you're infp when one of the post in this thread you didn't exactly relate too , but thanked anyway because you knew someone probably would one thing i've picked up from reading about personality types over the years is that political views never have any direct relation with personality types . personality = nature ; politics = nurture ( be ... maybe i'm less of a feeler than i always pictured myself to be . i always get a good laugh out of everything , especially if its inappropriate . life is so intense , you can't spend the entire thing ... i have always had an exceptionally weird sense of direction . i'm the person people who haven't talked to in years still call me for directions . i think i have nld or even a mild form of asberegers ... if god exisists my relationship with him is strictly between me and him / her / it . any attempt to describe it verbally would just destroy it ^ wow i had something to complain about but i read that . i wish you the best brother fuck i wish youg could dektet posgts on here i feel good i just blew off sex with my ex girl friend even though i'm piss wasted . i just need some reassurance that it was right to bkow her off since i am legitamantely over her even though ev ... i guess it's not so much i'm unimpressed , it's more that i know we have a few different core values ( aka our political and religious views ) . i'm the kind of person that can overlook that kind of ... so i have been dating this girl for about 3 weeks now . this is a very rare thing i hardly ever get much from females . it started with randomly making out drunk one night , then again the next two ... i definitely have to agree on that so i decided to type all of the characters from scrubs : j . d . - infp elliot-enfj turk-esfp carla-istj dr . cox-intj jordan-estp dr . kelso-estj / p ? ted-isfj certain girls fucking love us , it's just a matter of finding them i used to always think about that when i was little . i always wanted to get a time machine so i could hang out with all of the mes throughout the years . so hopefully the young me would listen to ... i'm good at combining random foods i find in the fridge and putting them together into something i've never heard of , i'm not really sure if that's considered creativity or hunger . otherwise , a ... i drive myself crazy with thoughts like this and am just wondering if anyone feels the same . everyone always encourages me to live my life to the fullest . don't get caught up in the mundane routine ... 22 male depends , i try to get a least 8 . if i go many nights with less than that i can sleep for 12 + when i get the chance my dad i'm pretty sure is an isfj , i feel like i've gotten away with too much from him at times . then again he is my adoptive father , but from what little i've heard about my biological one , he ... if you started randomly out of the blue , i'd probably talk back . join clubs on campus that involve helping others in some way , that's where i tend to hide . i used to be in love with lizzy miguire ( hilary duff ? ) when i was in middle school . hated the show , but she was totally into me . : cool : just curious , what kind of job was it ? if you don't mind sharing . not to be a prick , but from anything i have ever heard or experienced with someone doing heroin , if you simply do it , you will get addicted . but then again i'm not him . when i chose to experiment ... is there a way to not sound like a smart ass by any chance ? i know i do it . there are times after going out in certain social situations where i wonder , if i really am an infp at all . because there are times when i can be extremely extroverted and logical . ... so a little background , i am currently on probation for getting caught with marijuana in my apartment . to be removed from probation i have to write a letter explaining how i have learned my lesson ... in my idealistic utopia i'd have one friend . which i guess would serve as my romantic partner as well . i would treat them right , they would never fail to hear from me , yet i don't think i'd smother ... night owl by far . unless of course you woke me up early for something , then i'm out at like 9 pm . fuck alarms ! i used to be a huge pothead . then for whatever reason it started to turn on me . i started getting waaayyy to introverted and started having really weird thoughts . then i got arrested for smoking ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QquTUR9nbC4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLcM9rZDK0M i can hang , but no way in hell can i dance this is an issue where fuckers really annoy me . and i'm not using that term to put anyone down , i'm talking about the people that talk and act upon fucking all the time . i can't do it , i'm 22 i ... i'm definitely a social libertarian . no one has the right to tell me how to live my life in any way shape or form , unless it's clearly hurting another individual . as for stuff like gun control , at ... i just recently said this in another post but i'll repeat . i was beginning to think i was asexual . i was actually in bed with a girl trying to hold back the tears telling her that i was ... i have 2 friends that i'm pretty sure are enfjs . and it seems typical for j's to be generally better at making plans . but the 2 i'm referring too are the worst at sticking to plans i make ( and i ... well with my peers , early in elementary school i would wander around recess by myself . later on i always made sure to have a group of friends in my class . i was always known for being weird and ... i just love how feminine men are viewed as pushovers . but then you see some tough guy estp jersey bro waiting on his bitchy girlfriend hand and foot because she her glass of water is empty and ... i worked and got drunk in the parking lot when no one was looking . i wouldn't really call myself a pessimist , more of a realistic optimist . for instance i hate it when someone just makes up weather forecast and assumes since that's how they want it to be that's ... i'm adopted so i've never felt a biological connection with anyone else . my adoptive family was very loving and and caring to me , but to the point where it was smothering . i love and appreciate all ... i lost mine when i was 22 . i held out for a long time because at first i wanted to lose it to a girl a really liked , then i just wanted to lose it in a situation where it wouldn't be awkward , then it ... smokers ? i did freshman year to be cool . i've had about a dozen cigs in the 3 years since emotional eaters ? well i use food as a reward for myself when i shouldn't and can't seem to stop ... i actually find it easiest to have a one on one convo when i'm unable to make eye contact . like when i'm driving or playing a video game , i can converse for hours that way . ^ the last time i said i told someone i was asexual , i lost my virginity within 30 seconds . * i was dead serious practically in tears when i said it too , haha i've always wanted to date an enfp , this test told me to date another infp though . i'd probably be best off just dating myself haha . concerts are my kind of crowds because everyone is all on the same beat , yet they're all interpreting it in their own way . i'll go to concerts for bands i don't even like that much just for the ... '