' thanks jaydubs miss bingley littledreamer your advices are important ! :D . and how you deal with a familiar that wants to force you to go to uni ? i just can't stand my grandma's cold looks and ... thanks :) nice nickname ;) thanks . that sounds a good idea , i will search for things to do . do you have a degree ? i'm asking because i am curious about the life at uni . in 2019 i will finish secondary school . i still have time but i like to plan things ( the unplanned things scare me to death ) . everyone says i should to go uni . i am a student of 19 points in 20 , so ... thank you daiz and how you deal with those annoying classmates that are always pointing out your errors ? i tend to ignore them , but i find myself repeating the words they say about me over and over ... yes it works for me most of the time , but at night when i am in bed doing nothing is like being hit by a truck :/ and do one forgive oneself ? i have tried but i still can't move on . maybe my ... hello ! ! ! i also love learning languages and drawing ( but my drawings suck ) ! what do you speak ? nice to meet you and be welcome around ! :D and if a conlang is used for stories and poems ? does it count as art ? since kid i have this problem : i can't deal with embarrassment , discussions , bad situations , verbal fights , etc . in the moment i can get deal with it . if it is a fight i will find a way to make ... thanks :) niamhd can you tell me the name ? maybe i can go too . i only know one conlanger :/ who thinks conlangs are an art form ? if yes , why ? and if you have one , share it if you want :P 637642 how do you find new and achievable dreams ? i tend to move from one impossible dream to another :/ when i was a kid i wanted to be prime minister ( i dreamed about it until i was 16 ! ) are you ... right now that looks the best option . i just don't want to focus myself too much in something and lose other open doors . but i have tendency to focus too much in one thing and forget others ... any vegetable soup with rice / pasta ( inventions of my grandma ) i don't know how it works in the rest of europe , but here in portugal we have it too . but from what i know most of them are for people with no secondary education or job . the main problem is that ... i do this all the time xd most of my conversations never happen in real life but i find it an amusing thing to do when bored . but can anyone tell when it stops being healthy ? ksara thanks :) you were very helpful :) thanks aridela :) that thing of having goals sounds much easier to deal with . i will try . great news ! i hope everything ends well , it is a hard path . send her a hug :) i hope everything goes well ! : typingneko : a cat to give good luck ! and a dog too ! : woof : okay maybe i overreacted but animals bring good luck to me , so i hope they protect her :) i agree , most of my friends are from forums like these or people that have the same activities that me . if you have something in common that you can talk about it is easier to make friends . about ... i think i haven't . what are that area's job ? i found one of secretary ( administration worker ) , is like it ? my friend is at biology in porto and he has math and chemistry , i don't like those two :P i hate chemistry , so i don't like it that much anymore . i still love nature and animals and everything ... to be honest i got traumatized with math . i had 15 in the 10 and 11th year , but in year 12 i got below 6 ( i had problems , missed classes , and then i couldn't get it , i studied hard and i still ... i am still 18 , but i've come to realize most dreams i have won't come true . i am not going to be a biologist , i am not going to japan , i am not going to uk , nor france . i am not going to be a ... yes , i started all again . i'm in year 10 again xd . i agree about that , but the best languages college is there ( i can even study the languages at my degree and study other languages and include those ... true . we can lose it with the right method and practice . i am less shy than i was some years ago . but i think growing up also influences this . i was in science too but i failed at math ( only math ) and now i am making humanities from year 10 . i'd like to stay away from lisbon , it is just too much confusion from my anxious head . in castelo ... i can't find a degree i like 100 % and i feel divided . from kid everyone expects me to go , i even feel i should go . i am a great student ( 18/19 in 20 ) , and when i work i do it well , whatever it is . i ... i agree . other thing related , when i am talking one to one usually i feel pressure to respond as fast as the other but i try to take my time , that way i don't get overwhelmed by the conversation . i ... the universe is empty alone in an old and tired planet , looking the night sky full of stars , in the middle of a civilization's ruins , the eyes of the young were crying . the universe is ... i feel that if someone had told me some tips when i was younger my childhood was much more simple ... now that i just made 18 yo things are getting even more hard . i don't know if there is a threat ... the future . i spend too many hours searching , thinking , planning , creating scenarios and conversations . it is the most unhealthy habit i have ... yes , maybe . but like in our computer problems when an error is found there is an update to remove that bug . i think that since this universe or simulation is very old probably those bugs are very ... well , maybe we live but i think we will never find out . i agree with marv and i think that if it is a simulation it is made in such a way it will never allow us to find the truth . i do that too . i am afraid of people spying me but i keep records of them . i feel like a crazy and bad person : frustrating : did anyone got caught at it ? just curious . i did : blushed : i love fernando pessoa , here are some quotes of him : i keep a diary with information about people i meet . full name , birth date , where and when i saw them , accounts names , conversations , personal data , psychological profile , their love story , where ... thank you all ! :D yes i tend to over-explain things . i do the same in exams and when talking . it is a personal thing i need to improve : frustrating : and i agree , i tend to repeat the same words ... this is my favourite poem . i'm portuguese , so the translation can sound odd . i'd like a critic because i want to grow . * it is a bit big , sorry , i like longer poems . everything goes and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVuRWdu_Ifg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XlH7gSvAkc circle of life ( this is a translation , i'm portuguese , so the english can be weird ) the father was born from an explosion , expanded and the being was formed , started to exist where before was ... when it is by text i just say no problem if it is in real life i get embarrassed and in silence , sometimes if i really know the person and trust her after a second of silence i just change the ... i realized i was different in the school ( before secundary , i don't know the name of the phase ( about 12yo ) ) because i felt out . i started to realize the other side of things much before my ... i don't trust anyone at 100 % because i got betrayed in the past . i feel that my over-thinking can create trusting problems too because i'm always over analyzing my friend and their actions . i don't ... welcome ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITASyEUakFI '