' an enfj close female friend and an enfj boyfriend what are some qualities you appreciate in a person who you're in a friendship or relationship with ? i think the point of this thread was to make one comment and keep it moving . but then again , infps are not that good at following the trend of things . it's really hard to hurl a hard insult at you ... yah from what i've read , infp and enfjs get along well . so things should probably progress naturally . i would say that you just be open with your feelings and be sincere and pay attention to the ... life as a type 1 can be cruel and a hell to say the least . all these standards that i set for people will be a problem eventually . i am hard on myself and others , but mostly myself . then to be ... life as a type 1 can be cruel and a hell to say the least . all these standards that i set for people will be a problem eventually . i am hard on myself and others , but mostly myself . then to be ... what must be understood is that youx 92re a brand , an entity , or corporation and you must see yourself as such . you have to understand your worth . why would you let someone into your corporation and ... my advice would to check out some of the introvert threads it might help with your socialization skills . usually thats uncommon for enfps great advice and insight xd what to do when two of your close friends hook up recently i have been accomodating but the time i spend with each one is being limited because of the developing friendship . i'm happy they are ... you are the right person for me ! i see the point of what you are saying . to me , every woman at the core want to be treated right and needs to feel secured in a relationship . wanting financial security in a serious relatioshship is ... so i recently found out that my friend is bipolar . it took her so long to let me know because as i read , people with this condition have a hard time accepting it . have you ever had a friend who ... so a question was asked on a relationship forum , what is the point of a man ' love if it doesn't equate loyalty ? here is one person's response . i agree 100 % , there is no real unconditional ... there is absolutely nothing wrong with thinking you are interesting xd do other people feel this way about you as well ? has anyone had experience with partners who are bipolar ? . if you have please do shed some light . how do you deal with the mood swings ? and keep from becoming resentful ? ... do you ever feel to walk ... yayee princess diana ! xd playing hard to get can either mean you are playing games in the dating stage or are just making yourself seem unavailable or uneasy to get . in the bedroom context it can be translated as foreplay . your creativity causes you to seem abit abnormal , up in the head ;) the fact that he defended and protected you shows he is a person of character . also that you could connect with someone on such a deep level shows that there is love , and it's not something that ... i understand these emotions myself . it's definitely not easy . there is alot of fighting off emotions . and the worst of all the pain is excrutiating . not being wanted by someone is the worst feeling ... how do i deal with this ? i basically write myself notes everyday . i don't let any emotion go unwritten . it's hard to deal with unrequitted love , but its even harder knowing that some times or ... do intjs like being surprised . like for birthdays and such .. or would they prefer to just know whats coming ? do intjs like surprises ? ... doing mighty fine thank you xd right now i am thinking of how i will plan for school in the fall :) i am happy because i'm finally getting myself organized . well somewhat .. try hello mate ! ... howdy ... or take ^ advice and wait til the first day of class . yes i identify . i have learned it's something that is not gonna change . i guess there is a different work and place for us on this planet . xd well i guess it was over before it even started . is there any hope for an infp female in relationships . ? i realize that i am the one sabotaging my relationship prospects because i have commitment issues . also all the guys that get close end up ... what i'm trying to understand is how your leading type could be a 7 , or even if it were a 4 or a 1 , how are you an enfp ? ? ? . what i notice is that one can change overtime especially when getting to a healthier state . sometimes an unhealthy type can come off as another type . i too understand what comes with social anxiety . i know what it feels like and how nerveracking it can be . i don't know how to get through it but i've realized that the only way to deal with it is to ... populist - morale liberalist - human rights federalist - government's rights yah i understand the need for you to do things that way . i always want to be definite about things or to have things figured out that way i don't leave anything in question . i presume that might be ... yup i think i burn bridges faster than any one i know , you're not alone xd i'm still trying to figure out why this is though because for me i just get caught in my world and don't feel the need to ... evil prevails and bad in this world continue to climb higher and higher . you're right but apparently too many people don't care about that . nobody is going to look at your kindheartedness and goodnature when it comes to anything serious . it hurts that the world is a ... i don't know if i should feel sad about getting the short end of the stick and getting stuck with an i instead of an e . i know yes there are good things that comes with being an infp but still i feel ... sometimes i really despise my type . i just came from a group meeting that has potential to do some really great things on a larger scale , yet i am stopped by my stinking i . ohk this is really ... because of my strong way of doing things i think people are intimidated by me , especially guys , except really i'm sweet behind all the hard exterior . dude i get aggressive all in my head . oh only if you could see all the imagery that goes on , but of course it's never outloud . unless i'm alone of course ;) i think i know what you're talking about . sometimes i make up my own words and people will tell me that made no sense . i might do , just because it sounds better or just adds more emphasis on what i'm ... do people become demisexual because they've been hurt so much . ? . i'm willing to work through this . try harder annoying , talkative , and all up in your face ! ! ! just thought it would be cool seeing someone else with the same tritype . except the orders are switched maybe he's just hungry for some female part ? ? ... no worries , you're very much an infp . i think it's just that some infps are not experienced enough , it might have to do with the experiences you've had or the type of background and family you grew ... '