' that sounds like a nightmare . one of my favorite things about the internet is the anonymity . also , like most people , i hate my own voice . i've been there . i guess i'm still there actually but i don't let it get to me as much anymore . i've started trying to let go of everything i can't control , which includes the way people treat me .  ... my best friends have been infj , esfp , and intp . the intp was the one i was most comfortable with . i had never heard of this man before watching this video but now i want to watch more of his speeches . it feels like his speech was designed for infps . it is the exact message we all need to hear ... yes ! since i started trying to pull myself back up , there have obviously been several relapses . every time i start feeling bad about something , i just think , is this really a problem or am i being a ... i'm trying to restart my life after going through a pretty long depression . i guess it's working but , at the same time , i've been feeling like , oh yeah . that's why i stopped caring , pretty much ... i relate to so much of your comment , entheos . i've never kept a job for longer than a couple of years . i have to keep moving around and finding something better . i'm scared to do that now because i'm ... it's not overwhelming ? i would think it would be since you're constantly around a lot of new people and kids who don't respect you . though , to be fair , i don't know much about that line of work . yeah . the whole time i was reading your reply , i was thinking , that sounds like something i would love doing for a short amount of time and then lose interest as soon as the novelty wore off . but ... i always wanted to be more scientifically literate . i applaud you for getting into that field . good luck with school next year ! not sure if this has ever been asked . i was just curious because i know we usually don't willingly follow the status quo . i know i've had jobs that i hate because you can't really get around ... i dreamed that i was in an apartment that i lived in when i was 6/7 years old . everything looked the same as it did back then and there were even polly pockets on the floor which i used to play with ... i know a lot of people have asked where to find enfjs but i have a slightly different question . first of all , where can i find you online specifically ? i don't like the area where i live and am ... two and a half years later , i'll try answering . i think he's enfj . i'm not that proficient in mbti . i'm just basing that opinion on the enfjs that i know . i used to care about what everyone thought of me . i would overthink every single thing i did . i don't do that anymore and i don't care about strangers ' opinions but i still care what my friends ... an audio interview with david foster wallace . as everyone else has said , honesty is the most important thing ! if you're honest from the beginning , she will appreciate you more than you'll ever know . she might not show it very well because infps ... never let me go ! it's a book and a movie . it doesn't matter whether you watch the film or read the book first because it's one of those rare instances where they are both masterpieces ( in my ... i don't even know . that's the problem . i don't know what to consider important if i don't know what's important in the grand scheme of existence . hmm ... i guess being compassionate and caring for ... i relate to your post so much . i'm also 27 with an isfj mom . but my dad is istj . i don't know if i would call it childish . who decided that being a super serious business person is what being an ... are you asking me or just elaborating the question ? what is important ? unfortunately , because it's so easy to stay inside these days , they're probably inside by themselves or with a few friends . i usually only hang out away from my house when people force me . if i leave ... i completely agree . i think a lot of the old movie musicals had forgettable music so that wasn't a deal breaker for me like it was for some people . i feel like , in the next few years , people are ... i just watched la la land . it was great . i can see why some people didn't like it but i loved it . i don't really know what to say about it that hasn't been said already . if you liked the trailer , ... because i feel things so deeply , it hits me really hard . which is weird because finding out that a human you like is , in fact , human shouldn't be a bad thing . depsite being in my late 20s , i still ... i'm 27 now . i was unhealthy in a lot of ways . in elementary school , i kept to myself and only spoke with close friends but i was really happy and felt comfortable with myself . in middle school , i ... my dad is also an istj ( and my mom is isfj ) so they both saved the day many times . when i went to an out-of-state college at 18 , it was the best experience of my life . i loved the area where i was ... my mom is also isfj . what is it about that pairing ? in all my years of being alive , i haven't figured out how to make that relationship work without a lot of time apart . miner i tend to get along with other infps or intps the best but my best friend is an isfp . i admire any extroverted type because i wish i were extroverted . i've always felt jealous of enfjs because they ... my mom never gave me any sort of freedom when i was a kid and that was a huge mistake . i was always depressed and angry because i always felt like i was being watched . when i left home , i thought ... yes . i'm basically repeating what other posters have said but i'll respond anyway . if i'm extremely depressed , i tend to forget to eat . when i'm just slightly depressed , i overeat . when i'm feeling ... i don't know if this counts because it wasn't a film with a scary ambiance , per se , but fried green tomatoes . i don't remember a lot about that movie because i saw it when i was two or three but i ... yes , they can . two that come to mind are ex machina and the double . granted , neither of these movies did well at the box office , but if your question is whether or not intellectual movies can be made ... there are a lot of points . 1 . i can't speak for you but a lot of the books i read are better when read more than once . they're the kind that ask you to read between the lines , which is easier ... i read the alchemist when i was 18 and thought it was the best book ever written . it made me feel like i somehow wouldn't live a boring life simply because i had read the book . it made me feel sorry ... campfire ( i didn't read through all of the replies so this might have been asked already but ... ) watching a movie with friends or curling up with a book by yourself ? fast rode the knight by stephen crane fast rode the knight with spurs , hot and reeking , ever waving an eager sword , to save my lady ! fast rode the knight , and leaped from saddle to war ... freaks and geeks - i don't even know how many times i've watched the series all the way through . even though i can't relate to any of the specific characters , it makes me feel less weird . lost - i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf_XAERpUe0 i have terrible anxiety all the time and i've noticed listening to music like this all day makes my head not want to explode . : tongue : so , so many : - there are darknesses in life and there are lights , and you are one of the lights , the light of all lights . ( dracula ) - i saw the great void in your soul and you saw mine ... i should probably not answer this since i'm not well-versed in anime but i'm going to anyway . when i was a kid , my all-time favorite movie was my neighbor totoro . i even named my dog totoro . i still ... luna lovegood was sort of like me . i wasn't quite as weird but only because i didn't have the courage . other than that , anne from anne of green gables or jane from jane eyre or belle from beauty in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7Bbc2srjWw i'm finishing anna karenina . i should be done very soon . after that , i will most likely read ivanhoe . i'm an infp - i liked neville longbottom when i was younger . weird , i know but i thought his clumsiness was cute . - tengo from the book 1q84 - levin from anna karenina - tommy from never let ... i love lotr but i can see why some might not like it . i like the dark knight but not the other two in the trilogy and i think the first three star wars movies ( particularly the first two ) were good , ... i don't know what your interests are and there's really nothing else like stranger things so i just compiled a bunch of random shows . netflix originals : black mirror , white rabbit project , the oa ... since the last entry wasn't one word , i'll respond to this one . fantasy '