rim in some approximate order , it seems like you make a decision about the rightness or wrongness of something , defend that position , judge yourself and find yourself wanting , judge others and ... rim , how do you react when your buttons are pushed ? i mean , beyond just criticality , rationalizing , and projection . what goes through your mind ? inferior te and inferior fe can have many ... sorry for not responding to the earlier reply after posting those links ! i'm in the process of moving house . i would just add that i think you're focusing more on fi and se at the moment because ... thanks for clarifying , i hope i didn't offend with the overemphasis on the social anxiety : happy : that makes a lot of sense . i'm warming to the idea of ni-dom for you , though i still vote for ... cool : kitteh : i could definitely see isfp or intj for you with a well-developed tertiary in either case . maybe you could look at the inj and ifp childhood profiles and see if either of them ... trippedonreality since you're new here , how'd you come up with the username ? what does it mean to you ? neat . so you're facing the river ( at its mouth ) , and it flows past you but not through you in to the ocean of the past ? do i have it right ? ah , her , i believe , it's confusing with the avatar : happy : but yeah . i agree , she's a tough one to type ! i know what you mean about the focus on external judgment . it does look like fe , on the ... i know exactly what you mean about feeling jealous of other people's brainstorming . if it helps , most brainstormers are not very skilled at winnowing ideas or finding the most appropriate idea for a ... : laughing : do you find it easier to come up with new ideas , or to evaluate existing ones ? do you find yourself naturally critical of ideas when people propose them , as if you're looking for the ... cool . this was mostly just for fun and to see how you would respond , it's hardly definitive . from some page back in the infj forum , and stolen earlier from elsewhere on perc : possibly np ... your perception of time is beautiful and inspiring :-) loads of ne in there . or ni :-) inure , if you take a look here , do you find yourself relating to any of the four cognitive styles ? i'm ... facelessbeauty i'm responding to your post directly because you narrowed in on some interesting points . i'm not meaning to single you out , but specific points that you brought up made aspects of ... inure , sorry to drag you back in to this , but can you talk for a moment about how you perceive time ? hi abigaleblues , i dunno if you're still interested in hearing any feedback at this point , but on the off chance that you are ... first off , you appear to use either a behind-the-scenes or ... : laughing : : crazy : i sympathize . i'm sure you're not a dumbass or you wouldn't be here : happy : hi overflow , thanks for the invite ! i thought your photo response was pure fi / ne , i got the sense that you were making use of possibility-projection at a million miles an hour to give us all a ... ack , sorry for the brusqeueness of the last post ! i was running out the door when i wrote it . there's no need to rush to type ! if you're feeling stressed out or confused , the individual type ... i think knowing how to handle social encounters is more of an experience thing . our functions might drive us to experiences that we're more inclined to , so an fe-dom will probably develop social ... no problem , i'm glad i could help clarify things for you . well , there's this theory of a cogitive function shadow personality which bears the the same functions as you but with the orientation ... bimbobarbie , i understand the desire to help and the pain at being shot down when you're just giving your opinion , but calling somebody a weirdo when they're putting a great deal of trust in you by ... so would you say that before you had these experiences , you'd react more emotionally when you were engaging with people ? or do you mean that as you've developed your thinking , you've gained ... my apologies , i didn't mean to imply that you were . i was just curious what qualities you think of when you think of istps or estps . it's the way ti works sometimes , assuming that other people are ... i'm sorry to hear that , i'm sure it doesn't help you in trying to figure this all out : unsure : i dunno . the things you talk about are all pretty common infj issues , you know ? patterns of ... thanks for that ! i hadn't seen jungyesmbtino's post yet , it's a good read : happy : i need to give it some time to process ... i'm not sure this will help . part of this is just rewording ... i'm glad you like it here : kitteh : definitely stay a while , explore the different forums and chat with people , understanding is a journey ! intps tend to interact with the environment through their ideas and use the myriad of possibilities in their heads to further refine their ideas . intjs tend to want to observe more first , they're ... i'm seeing a lot of balance between t and f , and pretty much zero fi . your perception seems very inward-directed as well . there's many pointers towards possible inferior se , so infj is certainly ... and even the enneagram tritype test isn't great : unsure : i think by looking at many different factors we can get a much better picture , but ultimately introspection , serious thought , and time are all ... you really appear to operate on the se-ni axis , and your se presents very strongly for an infj . you seem to have quite a lot of zest for life . would you say this is true of yourself ? hi aim , i think you do lead with your feeling function . that's been consistent in both cognitive function tests and in your original post . can you talk about why you related more to si / ne ? ack , i know you just went through a bunch of effort , but do you mind trying this test instead ? i think it will give us all a more clear picture of what's going on . yeah , i think the desire to create art can stem from any function , you just see a difference of motivations involved . ni-doms and fi-doms are driven to explore art as expression of their internal ... so true . it took me ages and tons of reading and time alone to process things to feel any kind of confidence in my understanding of cognitive functions and archetypes . i feel the same way about ... interesting . i don't see anything pointing to a specific type here , other than strong hints of subjective feeling . infjs are sometimes weekend exhibitionists thanks to inferior se , and can be ... hi opulent , i understand your frustration . hope i can help to clarify things for you . te te te ... good lord this is very te . : sad : i'm glad to hear that it's balanced out a bit and ... hi cherryblossom , if you don't mind me asking , approximately how old are you ? also , can you describe the nature of your flexibility and spontenaity ? it's important to understand the role that function order as well as the functions themselves play in type . the auxiliary function is the function we parent with , what the ego sends out in to the ... hi aim , i get a strong fi-dominant vibe off of you , with an se focus on the present and physicality . i'd definitely look in to isfp , with infp as a possibility . esfp or enfp would be outside ... cuervo , you shouldn't be apologizing , you didn't do anything wrong and certainly weren't being rude ! with that response , you definitely use fe . i get a strong ne-si vibe from your responses , a ... ummm ... i feel a bit like an invader , seeing as i'm not a christian ... but as a spiritual person , i've been moved to tears by this song ( well , really , by this whole album ) . written , incidentally , ... definintely ti-dom from your sense of disconnect around values and emotions . your answser to question 6 points to a well-differentiated ne function as well , and your writing style has the typical ... yay sims ! i've never assigned enneagram attributes to my sims when i play , but i regularly and strictly assign mbti / jcf types to them , with the strict requirement that all my sims have a negative ... lol ! i really hope that yelling at computers doesn't make you crazy , cause i do it all the fing time : laughing : i don't think there's anything abnormal about it . technology is fundamentally ... doesn't look like 1024rot13 to me . i 1024rot13 ' d this message and it just looks like the same message ! ps , make sure you don't 2048rot13 your message and time travel with it back to 1998 or you'll ... i know , right ? i'm always forgetting to rewind my cds : frustrating : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LMmugjs1kw perfect for those ti-channeling moments . i find most music distracting when i'm trying to think , but die kunst der fuge provides some kind of ... look out , nf invading your humor-sphere ! this is nt humor . i especially like the 3rot13 command and the turbo command . maybe is pretty schweet , too : laughing : aaaand now i feel old . it's not easy being around someone who's behaving violently regardless of where it's directed - it can be a pretty triggering experience , especially if we think of the object as a proxy for ...