' i think the film what the health was a reactionary film to the : 1 ) rise in popularity in the ketogenic diet 2 ) keto diet requiring a vast reduction in sugar consumption , replacing it with protein ... because you as an individual , exist in context to a larger social system , at whole . caring or not caring , directly and indirectly impacts you on various levels of societal functioning , either ... this is a very difficult question as it directly goes against my core principles values , like why ? ? how come ? no way ! ! nobody decides to tell me what i have to give up on , except for me , and even ... i think a lot of people are shaped by their environments , and role models have a profound influence on how they turn out to be . yet , there are a few individuals who will deliberately seek it ... delete . wrong thread . oops is this caveman speak for : i was a total hypocrite throughout my entire thread post , but want nothing to do with it ? riight . : laughing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_CNZ4_729Y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLDkwV7C-0s&index=30&list=PLdxOaF0ciWvl4x98r-JSzyepHF1Wh6P3G https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv4qkMFZNBU ... i have a collection of international foreign songs i have no clue what the lyrics are about , but it's the harmony , the tempo , the singing , the quality of the overall piece when put together ... gals : kayla paige lani emma emily billie joline ( joey , jo , joy ) cherish ( cheri , cherbear , claribelle , bella ) that ed shereen song , i'm in love witcha bawdy , ooh wah ooh wah ooh . i'm in love with the shape of you . i'm in love witcha bawdy . ooh wah ooh wah oooh .. oooh wah ooh wah ooh .. bow wow . plays on ... speaking of johnny hates jazz .. : crazy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51NAFhGDIYw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UXnulANF8g i like the analysis pinned at the top of the enfp forum , which explains differences amongst enfps according to enneagram . i feel it's quite true ! i took a course in college , and our instructor had ... i love holland's riasec . two factors that determine a person's quality of life : occupation and love . you can even apply riasec just looking at your room and analyzing the books you tend to ... my phone somehow grew a camera that bulged out a mini cam that was rotating side-to-side like it somehow developed an ai . it kept moving back and forth like a tiny black bug rapidly up and down ... what's helped me most is diet . having womanly hormones can definitely arrgravate the condition , so i recognized what the underlying issues were : 1 ) somatic 2 ) lifestyle changes that occurred ... how addicted a majority of the population is to their smart-phones , especially at gatherings . doesn't that defeat the purpose of interacting with each other in person ? how people crave connection , ... koch brothers bought out and defunded a majority of the u . s . public university systems by cutting back on taxes and buying out top university officials . now k - 12 faces privatization . when i ... navigating through the interwebs , as summarized : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PobrSpMwKk4 * phew ! my theory is , the internet is highly addictive , and the two types commonly found in dealing with addictions are : 1 ) codas - co-dependents 2 ) narcs - narcissistis dealings with the instant rage ... hemilayan salt contains 84 essential trace elements and helps to alleviate adrenal fatigue and depression . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plEulSI2RsY benefits of sole for hypotension : ... giving a presentation with spinach stuck in between my teeth . clumsily serving food to guests excited but plopping it unexpectedly while they anticipate a smooth landing . i love entertaining ... some people are like crabs and view life as a game of chess : they want to pull you down to pick themselves up . they are what you call frienemy . that backhanded compliment is meant to hurt you as ... authoritative , fun , unconventional , rule breakers ! one in particular is actually quite inconspicuous . intj . loner . open-minded . they are usually great at foresight and live a life full of ... i would laugh back . and run to them with a big barney hug . or do a bootyshake . it's not a relationship if you cannot fundamentally relate to them on a deeper level . yes , this narcissistic and backwards mentality really needs to stop . it's trickle down politics , witnessed in everyday life . modern day serfs acting in smugtocracy . rebel against the corporatists . stop reading and watching mainstream news ( propaganda ) , stop engaging in social media ( purposely created addiction ) , and other sources of mind control , defined as ... i think some people are conditioned to think scarcity is a hot source of commodity . and , on some level , as a survival mechanism it is . depends . but the whole mentality of having what is rare and ... i think it's a two-way street . to a certain degree , you have to have an internal locus of control . that's usually developed early on in childhood , where a child's sense of self relates to the ... i don't know about aggression . steppin on toes isn't something i think most people like . i sure don't . my approach is to find inner-peace . people will do what they want and what pleases them . so ... yeah , i never understood the whole notions of a popularity contest . i could give a shit if people like me or not . and i like genuine people . at the end of the day , it's about self-dignity and ... i don't see them as mutually exclusive . they go hand-in-hand . silver rule : don't do unto others what you would not want to do unto yourself . ( prevent harm as much as possible ) golden rule : treat ... as a kid , and even now , my personal heroes are everyday common people or the underdog who sought to help others along the way . i remember in 3rd grade , i missed most of elementary school up until ... dream destination : norway https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHgjW5WJd5A https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmCzANPiCSc : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : . ~ happy canada day ! ! ~ . : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : i wonder if it's because you're an idealist , and you like to be treated fair and you want the same for others . some people fit inside the box better than others . and some people would like to ... how much can you really trust your financial advisors / internet providers ? https://youtu.be/qF0v5fafW-s depends on what people find most exciting , but this dude is totally enfp and i can see how exhilarating it is to be around one ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sXYIxH7fVM intoxicating yeah . i've seen drivers out here like this . not too uncommon . especially with the heat , and the entitlement mentality . delete . abusers tend to be passive-aggressive , and use double speak . anyone can get to the point of being mean or aggressive , moody , because we're human , but abuse tends to go hand-in-hand with fear , wanting ... videos like these are really what touch my heart . it's quirky and cheesy , but the innocence and courage of self-expression in the 1980s is awesome ! :P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9Ohve4zukg for the vast majority of the human population , i say most people do desire connection . we're social creatures just like every other animal on this planet that depends on one another for survival . ... hi and welcome ! i too tend to find myself in deep friendships with infjs . we definitely share a kindred connection , and although life may take us in separate ways due to distance , marriage , children , ... on some level , i think we all do it . suffering is an inescapable part of life . when we feel sympathy for the wrongs in our lives , we can also find solutions to propel us into a better spot . ... oh wow . i'm so very sorry you have to put up with such a controlling environment . i do though give you much props for being able to maintain your sense of self , and from your post , you have your ... i wonder if indecision has anything to do with being convoluted with others ' thoughts and opinions , those who genuinely want what's best for you , but actually don't understand what actually works for ... don't know if this is mostly pr , but good for him . i certainly hope he's found some healing doing artwork .. developing compassion , after all the damage that's been done with hallie burton on innocent ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK9hK82r-AM&feature=share '