' always happens to me and still continues to ... understanding the ni-se interaction helps a lot , realizing that you're frustrated because the ni vision doesn't manifest in se reality can be a big step ... hahahaha reminds me of my entp dad breaking my brother's collarbone as a kid because he karate-chopped him off the playground structure . that's absolutely not true . it might not be reasoning in the way that you might think . but when you observe objective feelings , they are processed by your intuition which is able to take each bit ... if there are any , just curious . i really apologize for not being able to respond to everyone that has been so helpful , currently having an extremely busy week and barely have time to think about the issue at all , let alone form a ... i've read a bit about sublimation . still trying to work out how i can achieve that , i don't really know how to divert that energy to a different place . this is absolutely what i'm looking to do . to be quite honest , i don't really know what it even entails so i wish i could provide more details . i just don't enjoy the fact that i look at her , or any ... i definitely have considered this perspective as well . it's a good point , something i will have to think about more . i appreciate the responses though . thanks a lot , definitely going to have to ... hahaha xd now i'm just embarrassed . fair enough . i guess the whole point is that i want it to be completely selfless ( 100 % based upon wanting to make my partner happy ) , rather than be fulfilling my ... i can see both sides of it to be honest . i guess i'll have to think about what you said a bit here . flightsoffancy this is a good approach actually . unfortunately , due to extremely complicated circumstances ( we've been pseudo-dating or extremely emotionally invested / dependent for ~ 6 months , she ... definitely thought that this might work too . it might just be a blasted inferior se thing . it does get exhausting after awhile . uviteru the main reason is due to ( as i said somewhere in there i ... there's a couple intjs i know that like or don't mind rap / hip-hop . i think a lot of it might come from the inability to relate to the whole culture and irony of a lot of rap music ( though this is ... how does one rid themselves completely of lust , and more specifically , sexual desire ? i'll add a little information as well . i'm a 19 year old male ( hormones amplify this problem more than i would ... i actually recently began trying to journal . it pretty much comes out as word vomit because i tend to try to express more than i can physically get out at once , and so i just scramble to get any of ... catcher in the rye kind of thing i guess ... orangeappled i think there is definitely a bit of the whole attempting to justify her behavior thing going on there . he always seems to get pretty upset when she tries to explain to him why she ... fcking greatest forum response ever . man , i really appreciate the help guys alright , this essentially confirmed my suspicions of what probably needed to be done . thank you guys for the help . a friend of mine ( probably enfj ) has gotten herself in too deep with another friend of mine ( infp ) . they were very close friends for a while and began bordering on a romantic sort of relationship ... definitely thought of how i would react if members of my family were to die . redballoon i also really like your signature by the way . i absolutely understand what you're saying , and i saw that particular part of the article as well . the point i'm making is that i perceive hundreds , if not thousands of people per day . i think that i ... i apologize if you thought i implied that anything going on here was scientific . if anything , the only thing scientific is trying to account for the observations i see in my daily life , which ( as ... hahahahaha i have friends who are exactly the same . they'll be 10 drinks in and i can still have an intense discussion with them . the only real change is that they are much less considerate of other ... to be quite honest , i really don't have any reason outside my own observations ( the 7-8 confirmed intjs that i know , all of which are quite physically imposing ( or at least tall ) ) to believe there ... i feel that man , many of em are more specimen than they are human . all of the intjs i've ever met ( most of which i'm close friends with ) are pretty physically imposing . i don't think i've ever met one under 6 feet tall . so how big are you guys ? i always thought ... absolutely wonderful thread . i , too , have been trapped into the intj ( again for lack of a better descriptor ) mode of thinking for my entire life up to this point . constantly competing with my ... pretty much exactly what ideologicalflowz described . it's a drive to ' achieve ' in every single thing i do . i want so desperately to leave my mark on something for some reason , and i'm not sure why ... well quite a few of them were just seemingly out of nowhere , while a few seem extremely obvious in retrospect . a lot of it was making connections in explaining why i feel a certain way and what ... similar to the problem of having competition being a motivator for me , but trying not to compare myself to others ... yes , almost exactly what i mean . hard to describe i guess . pages and pages of notes of ideas coming to my head , i was pretty much writing constantly . it still had a pretty ni feeling to it , but i was just processing information ... i actually do that pretty often too , now that i think about it ... yeah , it was brilliant . totally operating on a different thinking process , pretty interesting stuff . must be pretty awesome to have as a dominant function . wish i knew some of you guys in real life , even getting a small taste of mine was pretty cool , pretty enlightening stuff . pretty much what the title says . is it possible not to take life too seriously while still achieving highly at what you do ? ahhh , see i'm really not sure . like i shouldn't know if i should feel that way or not , especially considering that in the past i didn't experience this ( though i was much less social with my free ... i mean i can't say for sure , but i have a hard time believing that anybody who loses complete control over their emotions will be capable of being happy . and if they are , that means they must have ... hello and welcome :) may the feels be with you already seeding hmmm , well that would be really hard to say not knowing the relationship . another thing that's a bit subtle would be if his speech picks up speed , even only moderately , when he nears a conclusion . ... happiness doesn't necessarily mean losing control over emotions . in fact , happiness comes from limiting desires / urges / etc . while learning how to control how certain things make you feel , how you can ... i would imagine that ni and ne can clash due to ni's tendency to converge onto a single idea , while ne's tendency to diverge into a large amount of possibilities . ne , like you said , is great for a ni ... they are , in fact , of the highest quality . i'm waiting ladies ... really interested in talking with a few of them , i'm sure they are full of fascinating ideas . unfortunately i don't know any , and don't even know where to begin looking or how to talk to them . any ... figured i might come here for a bit of advice . just as some background though , i'm a 19 year old male currently in college . moving on to the actual issue , it's as the title suggests . i've really ... well i guess we are . i got my best friend ( also an enfj ) a bunny from the build-a-bear workshop combined with a handwritten note xd . i'm almost 20 years old ( and a male ) so i wouldn't worry about it ... i dunno , the fact that i can relate to him in the readings when he is describing his own thought processes and experiences leads me to believe he would be infj . obviously this is all pure ... '