' actually i don't see any of my experiences or who i am as positive or negative . i'm not sure what you're asking ... ohhh and as far as whether i see this as a positive or negative thing . i think this is all positive and i feel like i'm a better person in most ways ... ? ? hope im making sense ... i'm a total introvert ( like your roomate thinks she is ) but you would never guess that when i'm building a rapport with an intp ... make sense ? most studies conclude that infjs are a rare type . any science pertaining to the human mind is never trulyfor sure or exact . mbti is not black or white . there are exceptions foreverything . i ... in the past my emotions clouded my thinking and almost held me prisoner . i've gained enougfh confidence to back my moral positions and entertain other points of view different from my own . i don't remember what test it was . i've taken several from different websites and ... hehehe a parrot ... that is cute . i agree but i read somewhere that infjs are particularly hard to type because of the rarity and complex nature of their personality . i don't know about your roomate ... oops sorry didnt notice that part my reaction was different from your mothers because we had different intentions . my reaction was on behalf of the baby not against / or with complete indifference to the mother i had a ... i believe infjs and infps generally like to keep the harmony in this instance i believe the intp aspect of my personality came out that is more more objective ... but has less social tact ... i ... i think you are probably right . although , i have limited understanding regarding all of this i would assume … . active thinking equates with the ability to perceive the world as objectively as one ... younger and older infjs . the thing is i've had unique experiences that have developed the thinking aspect of my personality . this has toughened my outer shell and changed the way i engage wih people . i used to react based completely on feeling . naturally this got me into a lot of trouble . i've become more analytical . i react with pure feeling at times . however , i am able to look at the ... i did try to implore humiliation tactics ... lol yes you're right ... i wasn't aware of my mechanisms of action yes i feel so silly . i tested as an infj and intp . thank you i'm going to look up that nursng personality type . it makes sense . correct me if i'm wrong ... but i think think infpss value ... thank you ! i'm happy to see others understand my point of view . i appreciate it .. :) i think that sometimes your contradicting beliefs make you seem indifferent and when you do take a stance it may come across or random or unwarranted . in my opinion ( from what little i know ) infps ... oops sry people i meant intp im new here ... my thinking function is more developed go figure ;) so infj / intp hehe but thank you for the feedback hm . zest for life ? ? yes , but happiness does not come naturally to me . i have a lot of deep seeded insecurities and propel me forward . i'm prone to really severe ( i can't get out of bed , can't shower ... i do and i don't . at times , in terms of discussion i feel as though i'm talking to a much younger version of myself . * yikes * ;) however i feel a strong connection with other infjs as far as ... i took the original test twice and presented as an intp both times . it took a lot of experiences for me to finally develop that sort of confidence in myself . when i was younger i was very , very sensetive / easily hurt but would hide behind a poker face . as you lived through more experiences your empathy must have increased . it is tough trying to distinguish between two rare types like this . i've always felt different ... now i know why ... * * * ( ... as you lived through more experiences your empathy must have increased . it is tough trying to distinguish between two rare types like this . i've always felt different ... now i know why ... * * * ( ... you're right i am inclined to tread lightly . i didn't notice . huh something to think about .. thank you i'm like that ! i present as someone very vulnerable . i can't care about anything people say particularly if i dont respect their opinion . i literally laugh ! . that or i'll just stand there eyes ... that made lol hehehehehe she is sweet for caring . alright ? not in terms of decisions ... i meant objective in terms of how i see the world ... as it is i believe changing ... and a present active mind should change with it ... make all decisions ... well ... it could also be that there doesn't seem to be a lot of information on intp women ... can a female be feminine and still be an intp ... ? it is a controversial question when you think about it ... by nature there is no questoin i'm an introvert . i enjoy surrounding myself with people but then i need to remove myself and recharge . i become drained . in any case there are extraverted / introverted ... i have my nursing degree ( lvn ) but am busy with school . ( i'm only 21 ) started when i was 18 ... and am saving to invest in some property ... thank you for your concern :) i appreciate it ... ( no ... i'm an introvert but i'm also a stripper so ... lol no it didnt take me quite 20 minutues times of urgency huh hehehehe ... oh no wouldn't want to risk it ... any other suggestions ? hmmm i'll try intp women would never say ... i want a boyfriend i'm really upset he didn't call me we're working on our relationship they also wouldnt start a conversation with ... http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/100364-50-50-personality-does-not-make-sense-very-confused.html would you mind looking over this thread and letting me know whart you think . i ... i did my best . thank you for taking the time to respond . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsureof your type ? the direct , take no prisoners , , nononsense attitude i ... i'm in my early twenties . :) yes , i'll try ... i am not the type to judge . you could say my mind if flixible ? i don't care about social conventions but i don't despise them . i am the type who goes ... again i was not talking to him ... okay . when i was a teenager i tested as an infj and identified with that description very well . when i joined this site i didn't bother taking the test a second time . ( i assumed i would be a more ... you know , i really want what is best for the child . i'll never forget what it was like seeing those little premature babies gasping for breath . thank you for your story ! ! you're right i will use that if i ever get an oppurtunity in the future ... that was beautifully put ! thank you . more people shouldfight for those who canx 92t help themselves in my opinion particularly when it isyour child at risk . no excuse the misunderstanding . i was referring to the postbelow . i believe you when you say you wereborn premature and have a learning disability . thank you for your input you have a very unique ... my type = institution ? where are there more people like meee ? ? ? l ohhh and she is having the baby and is upset over lastmiscarriage … .. fyi http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/99915-am-i-crazy-world-crazy-help-need-input-confused.html oh here is the link to my other post ... i posted this in the infj forum . i'm new here and have been tested as an infj and infp ... i want you to tell me what you think about this situation ... i don't feel like i have anything in common with ... dr . pil ( who does irrritate me at times ) said something i like ... trust is when you trust yourself to be able to handle whatever that person throws your way try showing your ... '