' hi troubleshooter , i'm afraid i won't be updating this feature for a while :( ( if you want to verify your type , you could join the skype socionics group - there are some socionics enthusiasts who ... if i put ennealy - mbti and enneagram statistics and analytics in there it has you as istp :) you can try it for yourself .. it doesn't explain how it works , unfortunately that's great ! :) hi , if you want to see go to ennealy.com and look yourself up . but i want to stress once again that it's just an experiment , don't use it to type yourself :) your sensing / intuiting is in there now as well for details , see previous posts , but it is entirely based on a word 2vec model of you ( eg words used , writing style ) . it doesn't take into account self-reported type to recommend similar users . ennealy - mbti and enneagram statistics and analytics i put you in :) only kidding . new posts aren't collected immediately , rather periodically in batches your sig says 2 + 2 = 5 :D seriously though , i only collected posts that are publically visible on perc , do you have any posts that were deleted or made in private sections ? walking tourist mulderitsme if you want to try it , go to ennealy.com and look yourself up :) i didn't include them because i couldn't get reasonable predictions ! oooh . no i didn't ! good find , will have to try and fix that ! ghostsoul ksara syzygy 6 convex dastan stunnedfox ixim lord fudgingsley nuclearkiller 42 bronerd westlose retsu ... hi convex , this would be interesting to know , however , the svm models makes decisions based on numeric representations of aggregated information that was extracted from users ' posts ( e . g . a ... hi convex , the algorithms used are doc 2vec in combination with svm , and they are publically available . i did not choose the words that are indicative of certain classes to be predicted , rather , the ... there seems to be a lot of enthusiasm ! i will get on this soon ( tm ) :) i will calculate this stuff for all users of perc that have > 200 posts and publish it on my site . big disclaimer , this approach ... are you being sarcastic ? :) if not , i should probably point out that your talking a lot about it might have influenced those stats :) i will :) i've been using my dataset to see if i can predict pcafe user's preferences when it comes to introversion vs extroversion and thinking and feeling , based on their writing style . technical stuff : ... thanks ! bump thanks ! bump how about this :) ennealy - mbti and enneagram statistics and analytics hi ! i made the site . i think i already saw you in the other topic , but just in case : i made some changes and the times should be accurate now ! mee 2 wellsy bigstupidgrin hi guys ! i've done some updates on ennealy.com , and the times on ennealy.com should now be in gmt :) if you want to check it out , let me know if it seems to be ... i've updated the site . there are some new features . the most important , perhaps , is the ability to hide posts that contain sensitive information . you can now remove any posts from the site simply ... thanks ! i'm still working on coding for it . i'm adding some features , like making the timezones / post times show up in gmt , adding the posts of the typology central forums into the database , and last ... thanks ! nice research :) i think us infps may be extra-interested in personality theory . the forums are there for discussing the topic of my site , anything mbti / enneagram / or analysis related . i'm ... i've introduced a new feature that allows you to store and share your search queries . hopefully some smart people will come along and share some really interesting searches for the people who don't hang around in the myers briggs subsection and like data , analysis or charts :) i made a site ( you can find it at ennealy dot com ) where you can dig through all the posts ... hi ! the data [ update : in the charts ] is just results for a search query . so if the type say helping others a lot in their posts , the bar will be higher . it doesn't necessarlity mean they help ... hi reckful , the domain was registered only a few days ago . it could be that your isps dns servers aren't up to speed yet ! you can visit 87.212 . 31.252 as a temporary alternative ( just put the ip ... haah ! i definitely did that because istjs are the best :P has anyone found some interesting statistics / results ? :) i was making a backup yesterday , should work now ! thanks guys :) intherockies effenelle ahh nice ! here are the total # of mentions in thread titles , excluding when the types mention themselves ( something infp do alot , but even excluding those they're ... intherockies dissonance thanks for the feedback ! i'm not sure how you mention people , i hope this is it :) i made some similar statistics using my dataset . this is a piece of text that you ... thanks ! i added some examples of searches to the front page of my site . you can see that type 2 pops up when searching for helping others and eights pop up for , well , certain terms :) hi all ! let me introduce myself : my pseudonym is deusym . ever since i first learned about mbti , i've been interested in typology , notably mbti and enneagram . i've been lurking here at ... we infps are the ones with inferior thinking , how come you people are so superstitious ! i knew an infj , she had a phd , and yet , she thought evolution wasn't real . i'm going off track here though ... never mind don't ban me treebob , i love you isn't treebob a te dom ! i say if posts in this sections don't count for my ' postcount ' , then my ' postcount ' isn't really my postcount ! it's flawed logic and pure , vicious deception doing just fine ! because i ate some chocolate . it fills up the void in my life damn ! i need my postcount to go up so i can pm . it's not working ! swooping back in for the win third time's a charm for real i win awesome ! i'll be chatting on the tinychat page ! might be afk during the day but hopefully there'll be some activity when i'm home in the evening oooh , alot more response than i thought ! looks like some of us are interested in this . i'm curious to get some idea of what specific activities everyone would want to be doing . like , are we just ... '