' jamiebond ok , cool ! waiting aha yep , but at least it's a comfortable confusion this time ! honestly i can probably find a bit of myself in any of the types , if i really tried . me - never heard of ... i don't usually remember my dreams , but when i do , they bother me . this is the one i had last night . it's long and boring so don't bother reading it : it's night . i'm in a car . my brother is ... thanks ! i suppose we can force the kindness out of them , that's just as good as normal kindness . you hear that , people ? be nice or my friend here will punch you ! i'm protecting myself , albeit very poorly . that's a lie ... i'm not protecting that either . i used to stress over my personality type . i'm not entirely sure why . i think it had to do with my quest to be true to myself . so , i stopped . i forgot all about the myers briggs thing , crumpled it ... maybe it is him . if elvis is still alive i don't see why elliott smith can't be . sent : no received : hey there ! need a same day auto-title-loan ? you keep your car and get up to $ 5000 - direct ! reply yes to obtain more details or no 2 - end for removal bingo ! i hate my username though . my friend just said to pick a song lyric and i've been using it ever since . now if i could just focus everyone's attention on les savy fav : ... i think caribou is pretty original : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiSa7THgxrI and of course radiohead has stayed original all these years . spirit is that elliott smith in you're avatar ? i'm listening to him now ! sorry to be off topic i was and am 17 . been here about 3 months too . i tried to delete my account yesterday for whatever reason , but i couldn't figure out how , so instead i started posting comments . probably because if you're chill you're also very composed . that could be intimidating to someone who's not composed i suppose . i'm much less personal in real life . something about being able to type out my thoughts makes me much more open . i can be much more sarcastic in real life , but i avoid it altogether online . ... i've read it . i really liked it . however , i've said it before and i'll say it again , charlie is an unrealistic character . he's the most unrealistic character i can think of . exactly . i think a lot of people would fit symptoms really well . it would be easy for someone to convince themselves they have this just by reading the symptoms . if there is one thing i know about ... i wish i was still in the bay area :/ it's so nice up there . wikipedia : schizotypal personality disorder have you been diagnosed professionally ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldm2SX_bVC8&feature=player_embedded i can't relate ; i've never done that . sometimes people i don't want to be friends really try to be my friend though . i'm never mean , but i don't pretend anything either , such as laughing at jokes ... the girl i used to like ( and she knew i liked her . she liked me . i didn't flirt with her , she flirted win me . ) until she started going out with one of my closest friends and has barely talked to me ... i can relate to that . when i'm more depressed or sad or whatever it is that i do , the world always looks much harsher . a kind of silly example is i might look at a dog and think , poor dog ; it's ... that description can fit a lot of people . i think there's a good chance that out of all the people who read horoscopes , there will be some people who match their decription perfectly . people will point out a hot girl to me and say something like , look at that ass . i just go along with it instead of explaining that i don't really care too much for looks , and that i'm attracted to ... who the hell says gay people are more creative and compassionate than straight people ? how do you even measure that ? i'm going to need a source before i buy that . i hate generalizations about ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFVpCFOOA2o i'd help , but i don't think i know enough about it to do any good . taking the test multiple times gives you a better idea though . you can probably get better help here i find that if you say less it makes the things you say more important . thank you for replying :) i was actually a bit worried . i can totally relate to the feeling . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLb33LZX4dc i wish i could draw that fast . i feel the same way . it's scary to think that someday , someday soon , i'm going to go to work , and then for the rest of my life i'm going to be working . i really ... no way , too personal . the only person who knows i go here is my brother , and i know he's not interested enough to use this site . please don't . i don't know you , but i really want you to live and be happy . i can't say things will get better ; i don't know , but i'll feel terrible if you kill yourself . thank you . i'm sorry ... i'm just feeling bad right now . i kind of feel like this . sorry if this spoils any of the movie for anyone . i don't think it has any spoilers though . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9PzSNy3xj0 i know i already posted a song from this album just a moment ago , but this album is really good , and right now i'm just fascinated by it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtkZxqTH9tE i don't visit this thread much because it makes me feel a bit uneasy , but i need to vent . i feel like shit about everything right now . nothing has changed from yesterday , and i didn't feel like shit ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uN1Uq5lyv0 i might be wrong i might be wrong i could have sworn i saw a light coming on i used to think i used to think there is no future left at all we're all going to die eventually , so i can't think of any reason to stick around . i guess i stick around because it's the only thing i've got , even if it does suck :( this looks really cool . i'm reading the terms now ! how about we talk about things without telling people to kill themselves ? i'm offended that you would say that . i want everyone to have a good life because it's the only one we get , and to have ... i'm not saying you shouldn't have children . who am i to tell people to do anything ? have as many as you want , i'm just saying you can't pretend that it makes the world a better place . you're trying ... wannaberockstar we are all hurting the world just by living in it . another person is more electricity used , more fossil fuels used , more clothes used , more everything . carbon footprint and all ... i probably would feel that way . that's one reason i've never made a thread . 1 . a girlfriend ( she gets to pick her own three things , right ? ) 2 . guitar 3 . a laptop with access to the internet and kick-ass speakers so i could download all the music i want . the laptop runs off ... i think pirating gives artists a great chance to be known . of course , buying is better for the artist , but that doesn't make pirating bad . here's what neil gaiman says on it : ... yeah , i've been playing for a few months now . i downloaded a free version because i'm a bad person and i don't have my own credit card . i'll probably buy it at some point because i want to play ... i was almost going to watch this the other day . is it any good ? this is my default song for whenever something bad happens . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAF8D0ugyVk this song is really powerful . the whole album is , actually , but this is a climax .  ... synecdoche , new york very good and very depressing . i love r / earthporn . my wallpaper is from reddit . i saw this picture on in an art subreddit i think . it was made by a redditor i think , but i have no idea who . http://i.imgur.com/zfCPk.jpg '