' i'm not the forgiving type - i won't waste my time and empathy on bad people . i can forgive a simple error , but if someone does something bad deliberately , i dust my hands of them . no vengeance , ... - when people use me as an emotional dumping ground . i am not a band aid to be used to patch others up and be discarded when no longer ' useful ' . - people who get on the machine next to me at the ... making acquaintances is easy . i'm woeful at making friends . like hopeless :P a pencil , a white feather , my fantasy novel collection , a block of cruelty free soap , and my plush cat that i've had since i was little i probably won't have my own children . if i do decide to become a parent ( and i really don't know how likely that is - i'm 26 and don't even remotely feel ready ) , i would probably try and adopt ... i used to enjoy it , but my husband gradually just stopped showing any interest in me ( this began before we were married , which shows you how little importance i place on sexuality ) and so i stopped ... never back and forth like that - but i think i was an extraverted child ... don't panic . this is not a reflection on you . sometimes these things just happen . i don't know where you're from , but in australia we have the crisis assessment team ( cat ) - you call them up when ... infp height : 5 ' 7 weight : heavier than i look . eyes : pond scum green hair : always changing colour . usually pastel colours , white or blonde . synthetic dreadlocks . i have very strange thought processes . i feel cursed , like if i am happy for too long , something bad will happen ( and it usually does ) . i'm bad luck or something . people . i know that sounds a bit dramatic , but i was thinking about it the other day . humans are the most frightening thing in the world . i watch cat videos mostly :P but my favourite you tubers are jenna marbles and grav 3yardgirl ( she's such a lovely person ) ^ _ ^ like you said , i hang on to stuff that has a history / story . for example , i keep all birthday cards given to me .. it also drags up sad memories at times , which can be frustrating .. aaaand very ... my dog is an isfj for sure my sisters cat is an entp my mums cat is probably istj my cat is enfp aaand my fiance's cat is entj . i have thought about this several times and i'm really glad to ... i have extremely broad taste .. industrial , rock , hip-hop , dubstep , pop , classical , baroque , world , folk , etc . there isn't much music i don't enjoy . except for red hot chili peppers . they annoy the ... i think i may have already posted here .. can't remember . but - i'm infp , ravenclaw . gryffindor = sp hufflepuff = sj slytherin = nx ravenclaw = nx like op said - we're not all space cadets . i don't just vacate a conversation to make squee-ing noises over a squirrel . and we're not all whiny little b * * * s , either . i love christmas ! i put my tree up yesterday ^ _ ^ it will be my first christmas married to my intp , , who unfortunately , doesn't like christmas . and makes a point of letting everyone know about it ... i think the mean and spiteful behaviours are more caused by bpd rather than personality type . i know an isfp with bpd and she's a beautiful person , but when she's having an ' episode ' ( for lack of a ... if it's someone yelling at me for something i've done wrong , or if they're making me look incompetent / dumb sympathetic nervous system kicks in and i start to feel a bit shaky . but i just sort of ... i'm aware of the rules and i follow them if it's for safety or ( respectful ? ) reasons . i don't break road rules for example , because they're there for a very good reason . if they're stupid , though ... pineapple . a bit prickly on the outside , but sweet enough once you get rid of the outer layers ^ _ ^ i really do hate being underestimated , haha . i'm not entirely sure of my type - i'm still trying to get a definite answer . i've listed infp for now as i'm reasonably sure i'm inxx . functions-wise ... when someone downplays the work i've done . for example , i'm currently working nearly full time , i'm studying full time in an incredibly competitive course at university , i'm planning my wedding and ... black singlet ( long ) black sweater black leggings black dr martens chunky swarovski pendant all black forever :p > . < australia j-e-r-k i need to leave this country . some here are okay , but everyone hates us because we have a reputation for being racist bogans with a racist , sexist classist prime minister . so true . i would so cry .. then go the way of the enfp :P i do not like lying . but if my best friend came to me and asked if i thought they were ugly , i'm going to say no . even if they're not physically attractive , if i'm friends with them , i'm going to ... a great big pile of wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey stuff :P it's a giant mess . there are some memories at the top of the pile that can be retrieved easily enough , but the rest .. really hard to retrieve ... it really is - its incredible how different people deal with different stressors . fascinating . quite possibly .. occasionally i'll replay events from my childhood , which can drag my mood right down ... i've been thinking about this recently .. i think i have only really grown into my personality recently . i'm 26 , and i feel like i've been delayed by several years . my childhood wasn't exactly happy ... it's a creme brulee flavoured black tea ^ _ ^ do the zombies run ? because my plans change dramatically if they're shufflers :P i get angry from time to time , and i usually just bottle it up and don't say anything . but , once every few years , and i really do mean years , when i get really , really , really angry - it's horrible ... to begin with , i really thought he was istj . i got loads of si off him , constantly referring to what he was , what his tardis used to look like - his childhood ! that blunt te sledgehammer thing he's ... infp . i like reading and writing ( fantasy and sci-fi ) , psychology , history , gaming , dancing , doing weird stuff to my hair , running , and making plans for the zombie apocalypse . ughh nooo . bores the hell out of me . and i always sucked at it ... :P hm : s i would say my depression began at around 13 , but even at around 14 , i think i may have been extraverted .. i don't really remember . it's only recently that my depression has gone away ( it's ... massive hp fan ^ _ ^ i used to test as isfj years ago .. nope . i think that would be an extraordinarily bad idea . look how certain types are viewed among the community here , and then multiply that by 1000 . discrimination . discrimination ... i really hate the way i look . people have been calling me ugly since i was like , 7 or 8 , so that didn't help with my self esteem . i am not a naturally nice looking person - i'm have a huge frame , ... it can take me along time to get to sleep if i'm stressed . all i can think about at the moment is my wedding - i'm trying to plan and pay for it , same with my honeymoon , work full time , study full ... i have great trouble telling someone i love them , if i don't actually really love them romantically or platonically . i love maybe ... 4 people . seriously . i tell them i love them all the time ( even ... i've been described as ' gentle ' ^ _ ^ be patient with me . i have a roundabout way of saying things sometimes . please don't make me do small talk for an extended period of time . anything past nice weather we're having and i start to ... i was bullied mercilessly from the age of 5-18 . i went to 6 different schools because the teachers did nothing to help me . it was endless . i don't know why . i guess they thought i was weird . my ... i'm a good dancer my writing skills are pretty good i'm good at doing makeup and hair i am good at conflict resolution and mediating i've been told my shortbread is amazing ( which is a good ... i was clinically depressed for many years ( as of 3 months ago , i no longer fit the criteria - yay ! all thanks to intense exercise ) but , my si would drag up every horrible memory i had , every thing ... infp phone wallet ( packed full with loyalty cards i never use but was too soft to say no to ) keys ( with my favourite alpaca keychain ) headphones planner / diary ( overfilled with important bits ... '