' weird , i used to think i had autophobia . now i am introverted . hmmm ... indeed ! what have you recently researched that caught your interest ? i fancy dark red , but recently i have liked dark green . i don't know if there is a thread for this , but i did look for one , and i didn't find one . i just want to know what some of the hobbies that you are interested in . my hobbies are reading and ... well , if anyone was wondering i broke up with him tonight . for reasons other than posted , mainly because of the age difference and it was ruining my relatinship with my mother . me and my mother are ... so they act like this for a certan amount of time , then they stop , then it happens all over again ? where did you read this ? i am assuming you don't remember , considerng you didn't include it in your ... i think this is the best decision to be made . it worries me that even if we did break up , i don't think i would be hurt all too much by it . i put this in the wrong forum , how do i move it ? i am such a n00b . i seem to be having a problem with my intp boyfriend . i am not sure if it is just with me , but i fee like he is a very clingy person . he calls me 1-4 times a day , expecting to talk for hours . i have ... hacking by jon erickson : laughing :: proud : i am 16 , which is probably obvious if you look through my posts . ugh , my handwritting is so bad . i hate it , it varies from big to small , messy to all girly-like , i don't know . it is bad . i tried buying some calligraphy pens to see if it makes me write better ... but ... i only know one intp , and i have taken pictures of him and he can smile fine . as for me , meh , not so much . i don't like birthday parties . i don't even like when people buy me presents . it is too much attraction towards me . last year , my twin sister is extremely popular at my school , and i am that loner ... i have literally been on this thread for 2 hours . i love this thread so much . i have been creeping around all 13 pages . oh dear , i like nevershoutnever a lot , i have never heard of them . thank you ! do you know of any other music that sounds similar to nevershoutnever that is more underground ? if you like the birthday massacre try mindless self indulgece . i think that you should tell them that you like them at the right time , and be sure to tell them why you feel the way you do about them . i think that i am a lot less feminine that most girls . that has a lot to do with it , and i think most women are feelers , atleast around my area . then again , they are all teenagers , considering i am ... ghost in the shell repo ! edward scissorhands radio minority report :p roud : snow crash by neal stephenson any song by elliot smith or andrew bird . i'm not sure how popular they are , though . i get decent grades ; a a a b b c . i could have done better . my teachers consider me a great student , considering i have come such a far way from who i used to be a couple years ago and how i acted ... haha , i'll let you know how it goes . : tongue : well i took it because i was interested in how other people saw me , and personality all together . i just researched different tests and such , i think it is pretty accurate . i am currently listening to my intp play rock and roll band by boston : cool : i have been pondering this question all day , to be honesty : tongue : age discovered : 14 current age : 16 type : intj no , because there are so many things in this world that are not tangible , therefor you can not physically put them anywhere ... including a box . : tongue : when i get compliments , i get really awkward and uncomfortable . i think it is because i feel like i always need to improve something , and when someone compliments me , i feel like my standards are to ... well , i love infp's , my one and only best friend is an infp . my only advice is to be yourself , and if we like you , well ... we like you . don't force it , because if you do , then we will find out sooner ... i am quite a daydreamer , but then again i have add . : tongue : its like i go on autopilot when someone is talking to me i am not interested in , yet , i can't control not paying attention , and then they ... since some of you didn't answer the question are you needy of your significan other ? well , do they ask too much of you , want to see you too often , call you too often , constantly worry about you , ... i am the same way , i wish i could look into other peoples eyes . : sad : well , my intp seems to talk about physics and science , that kind of stuff , and he really appreciates that i enjoy listening to him and asking questions about it , he likes that i am interested in the ... i love reading the long threads , but i don't like writting too much . that is the main reason on why i like the intp threads so much . i aso saw it with an intp , and right as we walked out of the movie he started talking about the science behind it : tongue : i have a lot of questions , but i will only stick to a few . what do you find to be the most attractive trait in a person ? do you like making music ? are you needy of your significan other ? how many ... oh , and also , my intp always does this , and i think its creepy , but i like it . a lot . i also asked him about it , and he gave me the reason , somewhere along the lines of you are beauitful i love ... well , i am not an intp , i am an intj , but when i do this observing / staring thing , it usually means something about that person catches my interest enough to actually focus on them . it means that i ... i second all of this . : 3 currently , my biggest problem is dealing with other human beings . i have become more and more intolerant of others , and it just keeps on getting worse . i think that it is coming to a point where i ... avatar was fantastic . i loved it , there where so many moments where i was just like what is going to happen ? someone , please tell me , i have no idea ! but , he did try a little to hard , but he pulled ... sweet : wink : did you just read my mind ? ! i don't really like tv or the radio , actually . i do watch tv sometimes , i like discovery channel . i also like this show lie to me . the office is good too . i am very picky about my food touching eachother . i also do count my calories . i don't really like eating that much . i eat just because i need to . i often like to fast , it makes me feel clean . i ... i really like those kinds of texts too . : happy : if i was in the position you are in , i would break it off it nothing gets better soon . since i don't really know the relationship , i couldn't say how ... i honestly have no clue . sorry , if i ever do find out i will let you know . i can't get her to take the test . but i can tell you that she is the complete opposite of me ( or atleast pretty close ) i ... '