' squirrels . followed by squirrels . welcome to perc bro . i can empathise with you to some extent . it feels as though someone close to you suddenly upped and left when you finally feel like it's your turn to express your inner ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmLNs6zQIHo is it me or is this one of those songs that ultimately embody the thoughts of an infj ? aries , fiyaaa moon is leo i think . rising is taurus i think . bro , i love you . i was just going to make this my second installment . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMFWFhTFohk astralsoldier that is so relatable that it hurts . i share the exact same ... i love this because your screen name is agape . oh , and the post is really good too . : tongue : the desire to reduce as much sense of stagnancy in my life is one of the most relevant and potent desires i possess . not sure why , considering i'm not someone who lusts after excitement . the inferior ... i'll probably be making regular installments to this thread ... elbow - one day like this the cinematic orchestra - to build a home the irrepressibles - in this shirt mumford and sons - the cave ... oh gosh , i'm glad this is the first post i'm going to make in a very long while , especially on a topic like this . i was pondering the other day about the absolute masses that were being brought to ... alas ; and then the metamorphosis begins . collective 83 i like that , and it makes sense . the ti definitely kicks in to play there , where you start to ponder , and you become cold and methodical ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_17uuVDY_Po the irrespressibles - in this shirt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_17uuVDY_Po i am lost , in our rainbow , now our rainbow has gone , overcast , by your shadow , as our worlds move on , but ... incase you were wondering seeing as it isn't strictly a word , i got inspiration for this name from a song called in this shirt , for which the artist name is the name highlighted above . i think it ... i sometimes look in to that dark side , without feeling any sort of negative emotion . just sort of metaphorically wander in to the depths of which i am capable of , of what sort of deeds that i have ... thought about the empath ability too , but i also thought it would come naturally to angelic / celestial beings ... in fact , i just think that is ability one should be able to develop on their own , one ... infj here wanting telekinesis / psiokinesis . just to be able to fly is nice , it would probably accustom me to my fear of air travel . i have fears of air travel and planes , but i still love the idea of ... being a type 9w1 , sometimes crossing over to 1w9 , i will naturally and typically suppress anything that can destroy the peace or worsen the harmony . i will put a paramount amount of effort in to ... i am constantly sort of picked at for my dazed and borderline catatonic looking demeanor in many situations ... mainly the kind where i sometimes just drift off when walking with maybe my classmates ... aesthetically ... whatever typically attracts me to their physical appearance . in general however , the very contents of their soul , essence , and being .   ... which now i'll strenuously and ... completely and utterly detach myself from an old friend who i felt betrayed me and left me in ruin from almost a year ago , and hurdle that person so that i do not feel discomfort , sudden instability , ... ... it would probably be blank , and have a caption saying ; working on it . the ni ti link as mentioned above , but used in combination with my type 1 tendencies , formulating adamant judgements parts of my favourite as if my fi was had more dominance . these things end up ... the deviants the analysts the irrepressibles the sentinels the empaths behold , these are my beauties . :p roud : before you criticize someone , walk a mile in their shoes . that way , when you criticize them , you'll be a mile away and have their shoes . - random funny guy . “ there are two things a person should never be angry at ; what they can help , and what they cannot . ” – plato . don't know if it is my favourite ... but me likes it . ^ _ ^ gattaca - had a bunch of great quotes , lots were amusing but i remember one i like ; for someone who was never meant for this world , i ... prodigal . although some would just say i am well and truly ( insert random one-word insult to address miscellaneous mental illness ) . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cxdzJ7gXBM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmcWqGOm3-0 dallas green . dayum . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cJiBArztwA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRqZpA1IKV4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdkEQ39TjS0 xd fairly larger muscular build and frame despite minimal exercise for my age . could be the testosterone , but either , i don't exercise crazily but i'm naturally mesomorphic for some reason and have been ... huh ... ? “ be careful if you make a women cry , because god counts her tears . the woman came out of a man ’ s ribs . not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be ... aha , i assure you i'm not boring or mentally jaded . :P i'm pretty mental in all honesty , and i do like fun ... i do value my stability and space , and less turbulent environments though ... raves abuse ... good god no ... just ... i just wouldn't . raves and nightclubs ... they are alien to me . well , i am alien to them . i'm not a party-person in the first place , and this reply seems a bit redundant . to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjjc59FgUpg hey dude , welcome to perc ! ! ! coming from a fellow nf , specifically an oh so awesome infj . hope to see you stick around , the community is awesome . ^ _ ^ i'll sign up later ! ... ლ ( ಠ益ಠლ ) ... i think it has increased my level of commitment to particular goals in life , and has kept me tempered and reserved on many occasions where flaunting and temptation may arise . being vaguely religious ... * edit : ignore , all wrong . * i'm pretty interested in the origin of life and prehistory too , always had crazy intrigue ever since i was a young child . i like early anthropology as well , before humans turned all retarded and ... i'm not in the right mind frame to leave any of you with anything obscenely witty or funny to summarise my life that would surpass some of your own examples .   ... but thinking about it , ... happens to me all the time on this anime / manga forum where people frequently make predictions , speculations and debates . xd just randomly i feel as if everyone is staring at you like ; wtf is this ... fakery annoys to me some extent , like instances where one physically changes themselves to simply be submissive to others , or does it for more selfish or sneaky motives . i also feel it sightly unjust ... personally , i can't realistically think of a friend as anything but family , or close to , it become too easy to get detached when you have loose friends . i would definitely , as you say , die for ... it's how i was found :P so relevant . it is fairly baffling , and ironic , exactly as ohnoezitsjoez suggests . 1 . can't actually ride a two wheeler bicycle . 2 . have an amazingly bad memory at random instances , i just happen to forget what i was doing two seconds beforehand quite frequently . 3 . have thought ... ... 0_0 i'll make sure the next time i post about you i use an insane amount of insults , make a mention , and go to your house and notify you directly to neutralise your meaningless disposition ... 2 of my closest ... well probably closest friends are intj and intp . and the intj guy is definitely more socially deterring by reputation , but he is pretty awesome either way . he doesn't socialise ... in-futility big step here . i hope i get some kind of acknowledgement ... 16 year old guy braving most days and acting as if life is as average and as satisfactory as you'd like it to be ... i like to predict things a lot ... ^ _ ^ well i have a habit of doing so . aside from the instances considering various random possibilities from one scenario , i get the occasional hunch about things ... '