' how do you find work ? and how do u feel about a sassy and young intj joining the ranks . hello to you all , recently i just started nursing degree , so far the content is far more enjoyable then the montonous accounting i tried last semester . i was wondering if there were any intj ... apparently most financial controllers and cfo's start as accountants , dont you guys dream to get there one day . as an intj i wouldn't mind being a cma then working my way up . aren't istj's suppose to like accounting and be good at it ? sorry i meant do you enjoy your work ? enfp's are literally 1/10 of all girls so chances are if you are in a place with 10 girls atleast there is an enfp with you . how do you find the work as a cpa ? i've found enfp's are naturally drawn to me , be it at uni , school or anywhere . i notice that enfp's seem to radar to intj's maybe it's our quiet shyness something that's giving it away . so ... what do u do now ? apparently being a cma is better intj minded people have you considered that ? interesting . my gpa is taking a beating as im struggling to cope with all the engineering fields basically being thrown at me in civil . is there as much job demand for management accountants ? you know i have a feeling that all people love to solve problems , think creatively and innovate . also the degree i am looking at is a commerce degree which means i could major in finance , ... that a really common thing , a lot of people just ditch what they do at the start and do what they've always wanted :P actually that's a good idea i'll have a look at the other engineering fields . also what did ur mum do after accounting ? that would be my plan also i can't picture myself doing either eng or ... oh ok what did you study ? i also find it confusing when people say do what you love . what i love , like a lot people , is cooking i could become a chef but the work load would be intense and the pay ... it's less workload at uni compared to engineering i think which is a major plus for me . did u get a position as a cpa after or did u do more study ? wondering how many of you guys visit these forums :) and whats up intj indian here , just at uni for civ eng might switch to finance tho . hello i was wondering about doing an accounting degree and switching from civil engineering . this is mainly because i really hate workload in civil engineering at uni and am struggling to manage .  ... hmm interesting i guess however that uni plays a small but kinda valuable part in the learning process . do u guys take many engineering students for work experience or anything like that ? or would it ... so exactly why am i studying 40 hours a week im a civil eng major btw so it might be difficult for you to answer but im hoping someone does hey could we get a list of famous enfp's going , i just love watching their interviews on talk shows . i'll start the list . kristin bell keira knightley sandra bullock what's your business and why did you choose that over mech eng stuff ? product detail | h & m au i can have this for 13 $ ? i am going to donate to oxfam if i keep seeing stuff like this one the site . ahhh for some reason i neglected to read who was posting and thought you were other person i was talking to that i thought was an enfj . awkward ... didn't read who posted what , oops . i could be wrong but maybe enfj's don't like the fact that inxj's aren't very spontaneous . what do you think ? has their been inxj's which have been really attractive to you ? i wonder , if you disregard and detest personality theory so much , why did you choose this forum to engage in ? personality type theory might be speculation and it does have zero scientific studies supporting it . in saying that so does a lot of psychology . despite this , it is still useful to us because it ... what is the point of this statement . what you are saying is that only men that pretend to have emotions are the only men that can be trusted not to act violently ? also if you are referring to ... i think you are an judger rather than perciever because it seems you like to settle your matters rather then let them stay open . for example that is an interesting observation . what makes you ... very interesting post . i also don't know why you posted the last link , however i will say that it is quite anecdotal , hardly any solid study . my father was an extroverted perceiver and excelled in ... what exactly is so ' obviously ridiculous ' about personality type theory ? also what negative impacts on the corporate world are you referring to ? i agree though you should always keep an arms ... what reason are you talking about ? i fail to understand your analogy . it is too dismissive and demeaning to call personality type theory silly as i suspect it has had nothing but positive influence ... if we assumed jung and isabella were mistaken in their theories don't you think other people would have seen the mistakes and discredited it immediately ? it is definitely a soft science , psychology , ... you dislike the intj and the infj ? which type do you think you prefer ? just from your short response you seem to be an enfj rather than an enfp . what exactly are you biased against ? i can see her work as a valuable resource as many others do . would you agree that looking for thrift stores near more affluent neighborhoods would produce better finds ? intuitives are gifted in their ability to think so abstractly and then draw conclusions but sensors have the gift of common sense and the ability to take in what is around them at the present which ... another example of a feeler psychopath i could think would be dexter from the tv show dexter . dexter seems empathizes with situations but he does show other classic traits of any psychopath . in ... i don't know but don't feelers tend to empathize with a situation before making any action conflicts inherently with what a psychopath is , someone who lacks empathy . hinting implies that i am trying to intimidate someone and the only person i have addressing has been you , don't play coy with me . there are no hints in what i say i am simply presenting ideas , which ... what would a psychopathic infp , infj , esfp and etc . be like ? how would they behave with their functions when they have a complete lack of empathy ? is it even possible for a feeler to be a ... i don't think anyone is losing there temper here over him . but i will say his original post was not accurate , there is no way i would consider infp's and infj's to be bigots , both seem to be quite ... i see nf's primarily as cute rather than needy , enfp's in particular . i will also add that i have an enfp friend , she is quite independent , quite often more so than me . i don't know about america but it seems that anything you find in a thrift shop in australia is a faded and worn piece of garbage that would not be an upgrade in replacing your current attire . hint things that defame you i assume ? i don't post things with my primary goal to defame site members . so true , i can vouch for this . my brother is an st and he's not fussed about who's smarter , but if i do something a different way to him , he will start to notice and i can tell he's getting pissed ... to each other mainly . why do you take all my comments so personally , i am trying to be generalized . i think all t types come off as a bit arrogant to each other intuitive's aren't the only ones . if you look at the nt subforums most are 100 % convinced of their intellectual superiority i feel like an asshole too for buying 50 $ shirts that probably costs 10 $ or less to make . i tried shopping in places like goodwill in australia but i found it hard to find quality clothes and in the ... '