' a few days ago i went all te on my poor daughter for her constant daydreaming , and i was just projecting my fear of failure onto her because i too was a day dreamer that always felt like i was living ... sales people , sales pitches , consumerism , people who fall for sales pitches , sales people who take advantage of people who fall for sales pitches , marketing , false advertising , and basically ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR4R3AyZjcs&feature=kp 145905 http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3809/12463924975_3a24637044_h.jpg http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5497/12465301604_7bc8753dfd_b.jpg one step forward , two steps back , just wearing the rut i am in at this point . current seasons of : supernatural american horror story once upon a time hemlock grove the walking dead pretty little liars sleepy hollow infp sites i regularly visit include : tumblr , perc , fb , astrology sites , wikipedia - i mainly go on tumblr or any site where i can start on one topic and chase rabbit trails everywhere and ... rococo-style dresses are beautiful , something like this ... http://www.weddinginspirasi.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/rococo-wedding-dress-stella-libero.jpg or i absolutely love this dress that ... rave : for once where i live is warmer than the rest of the country ! we had our 3 feet of snow in october and our 2 weeks of subzero temps in december , yay for 30s today ! and boo to all of you with ... this is how i have been feeling for far too long . my soul feels imprisoned here . i however don't / wouldn't miss anyone . i wouldn't miss my family ( by that i mean parents / sibling ) . i have never lived ... after yet another instance of gaslighting and invalidation by my mother , i was understandably a bit upset and trying to explain to my husband what had happened . my daughter always wants to be a part ... depressed , morose / broody , sullen , whiny , irritated but not enough to get me out of my funk . and more reclusive than ever . screw people , yada yada ... my dark and evil shadow self just adores it when i am being treated as if i am a complete idiot by people who are in fact , complete idiots . read this in your most sarcastic voice if you like , because ... i'm so sorry :( i will keep you both in my thoughts , i hope it all goes better than you anticipate . my mini estj has no time for people who lack common sense . i can dream up schemes with the best of them , but i still know better than to act on them if they are completely stupid and illogical . yeah ... i sorta couldn't find that forum when i went to post this ; i kinda figured this was the wrong place . mods can move , delete , or merge this with the same thread in the correct forum if they ... dean winchester thor rumplestiltskin from once upon a time but only if i was equally as fictional :D indecisive . and a tad disembodied . floaty . melting . this is exactly me . i had it all figured out , then i turned 30 ; some things in my life came crashing down , i stepped back , and decided i needed another go . at the core i would say my worldview is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSce2_Te6Dc woken up like an animal teeth ready for sinking my mind's lost in bleak visions i've tried to escape but keep sinking limbs lost to a dead weight ... i didn't vote , but i love both purple and green . i like most colors except really warm ones ( yellows , oranges , burnt sienna , browns , etc . ) green feels alive and invigorating and clean and ... 89540 it's been done before ( and much better ) , but i like the concept - and the starling :) pencil , sharpie , and watercolor pencils anna is the spunky brunette and elsa is the ice queen . there is actually another thread elsewhere that goes into potential typing of the characters much further , and the consensus seems to be that ... istj i am such an obvious f-type , it is crazy that i thought i was actually an istj . i really latch onto that inferior te when i am stressed . but i was always 50/50 on both the s / n and t / f , so i ... my daughter ( who is 5 ) and myself were discussing upcoming birthdays ... her grandma's , mine & her dad's , etc . she was asking our ages , and after telling her , she replied grandma is old . but not me , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2rZjKeG_c4 just like in real life , i never have anything to say , so here is my face . http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3717/11472770615_be9296834c_n.jpg my tumblr ( which is mainly reblogs and visual ) is isfp . my poetry blog , which i keep private , is infp . my website blog where i try to act like i care what people think of the things i do got esfp ... i think there is always something you can relate to in others , that is just part of the human condition and the accumulation of our personal experiences . i can relate to anna in that i too am ... the thought of people talking about me ( good or bad , though i usually assume it is bad ) , makes me a bit twitchy actually . i also get weirded out when people use my name in reference to me . that ... oh , i wasn't saying she is an infp , i hadn't a clue what her type might be , only that i very much relate to her . what i meant was that i in fact may not be an infp , or i may relate to her in spite of ... elsa as an infj , interesting . i read on a typing blog that someone had typed her as an istj because of her dutiful attitude , which just seemed so wrong to me . i agree that she could very well be a ... irritable first , then i move into shut down mode if i have had to sustain social interaction for too long . so grumpy , then spacey . i am not really sure - when i was younger , people always assumed i was older than i was simply because i was pretty quiet and thoughtful . i have never been mistaken for younger than my age as far as ... for the first time in forever i feel like myself , or more specifically a whole or positive me . i am not very good at lying to myself , but for the longest time i tried my hardest to convince myself ... i apologize if this has already been asked , but anyone who has seen frozen , what types do you think the characters are ? specifically elsa , but also anna , christoph , hans , etc . i was a little miss independent too - my mom is still bitter that i never let her help me with anything . she holds it against 3 year old me , silly huh ? my daughter is also very independent , which i ... my mother , to this day , says i was the most stubborn child she has / had ever met . i always had a vision of how i wished things to be , and i clung to that like none other . it made me appear very ... i pay attention to my blood type only because i would be in trouble if i ever needed a transfusion or an organ transplant ( so says my doctor . ) i am rh negative ( o - to be precise ) , and my husband is ... that is an awesome compliment , thank you :) i always , always score intp on this test ( only test i ever score intp on ) , but based on the percentages this is what i got ... nipf-master of puppets - this type is very adept at creating concord ... http://farm6.staticflickr.com/5485/9601916977_933ee34a3a_n.jpg been away lately , but i have been checking in once in awhile . meanwhile , getting my fairy on . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlQpXmBXK1E i follow the dexter tag on tumblr for theories . i think i read that the music playing was music that vogel was listening to earlier in the season , though i cannot confirm this . i could see vogel ... yes , it was a doozy . i walked away from my career because what i thought i wanted , i didn't want anymore ( or it didn't live up to the way i wanted it to be ) . i was stressed , depressed and ... i may go awol from perc for a bit . got a busy few weeks coming up . not sure if i wll all out retire or not . but i am not just doing my usual disappearing act and just letting whomever may care know ... i've read that even seasoned writers can at times have trouble developing their characters , so that is probably fairly normal . as for the violence , i don't know about gun fights , but animal attacks ... thank you - my husband has lost that much too , it certainly feels nice to make some progress on something anyway . yes , we are all beautiful in our own ways :D i have just always loved gwyneth as an ... i have no advice because i am in the same situation . my mom is exactly like this . and then , after i finally lose it , she accuses me of being too emotional and goes off to sulk ( oh , the irony ) . ... '