' if a man ( definite nt , possible entj ) says we should get together agian after a date , but then communicates rarely ( once every two weeks ) and has not made those plans yet , is it safe to assume that ... moonious : 29 sorry i was looking at an old page i guess ! moonious : 29 flourine : 24 breed am i dating an intj , or a man with some other personality ? here is what i have to go on : i should preface this with the fact that i did inform him that i want to take things slowly , sexually . he is a ... greet creat slap her butthttp :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/wink.gif [ / quote ] definitely not how i want to be treated by a stranger man . best : that depends on the circumstances , but just being honest with her will be best . infps love the unaffected approach , so just be blunt , but maybe soften it up a bit if your bluntness is totally ... this is exactly what i wish to happen to me . i can't see how it could backfire . if she likes you , she'll be thrilled . if she doesn't return your feelings , you hopefully will know right away . the only ... haha i was expecting just that reply ; just wanted to be sure that you all are as honest as i hoped . thank you ! just wondering : if an nt tells me that they enjoyed talking to me , after a first date , what should i expect next ? nothing ? anything ? matte the original post is pretty accurate for infps as romantic partners , i think . if you built an entj in a lab , for what job / career / work would that entj be most fit ? pissy i recently thought that someone was autistic ... and later found out that he is just an intj . i am listening to the whirl of the washing machine , the cracking of my joints , the clicking of my keyboard , and to a documentary about bill w . thank you for all of this ! you're helping to bring back a lot of great memories of my sj friends , and empowering my genuine desire to love sjs more ! there are so many great qualities about people ... great point ! i find a special dimension of friendship in the sjs of my acquaintance , too ! i hadn't thought about that in a long while , but it's so important to remember all of the great qualities of ... ah ! i see . but the sjs i've had trouble with are peers . to be fair , after getting go know them better , they and their quirks became endeared to me , and vice versa ( i think ! ) , so we are all better ... interesting ! i'm not sure i understand what you mean by equal . equal in what sense or in what way ? the sjs i've known do seem to be confident that their ideas and plans are the best or only right way , and that is a dangerous road to tread , i agree , but i wonder if it is simply because , ... i am happy to read that ! sorry , i should have clarified in my op that when i use the term gaurdians i am referring to keirsey's temperament , which includes all four sj personality types . hmm ... in my experience , no one ... my personal experience has been one in which i have formed acquaintances or friendships with some people whom i at first had difficulty appreciating and getting along with ( and vice versa ) , and then , ... hmm ... i'm not sure that i've ever met an estj . i should clarify that when i say gaurdian , i am refering to keirsey's temperament , which includes all four sj personality types . sorry about that ! ok , i totally understand this ! i do the same thing : trying very hard to listen and be interested , genuinely , and if that's not possible , to appear interested for their sake , but my mind often still ... hahahaha thank you . i take it as a major compliment . yeah , the movies are pretty great , but the book is absolutely bloody brilliant . i am not prideful and prejudiced when it comes to the sjs , the guardians , the protectors , or what ever you want to call them . really i'm not . they have so many valuable qualities . they have ... i loled . i think they provide a different sort of satisfaction , conversation and sex , that is . good conversation has the potential of satisfying the intellect on one point or another , or at least ... may i ask , are you an entj ? i suspect so from the description that you give as your direct , bold , and efficient way of handling potential romances . yes , to particular people it would be tremendously ... what is described in the linked post definitely reminds me of my experience with an intp , but this description fails to mention how sharp their intellects are and how substantial their arguments ... the voice of john lee , reading the count of monte cristo . i think i understand , and i agree , that stating one's love seems too stiff or formal ; but not so if a declaration of love arises from a passionate impulse ! that , to me , is romantic . i suppose it is ... i too started out as a pre-professional biology major . i later switched to a humanities major , but it took me a long time to do so , a lot of reassessing of my goals . it also took a few miserable ... i think that we humans are often at the mercy of our subconscious , particularly when it comes to romantic relationships , however much we protest that we freely choose all of our actions ! i do think , ... each person is charming in their own way , and for some , awkwardness is adorably charming . i can attest to this truth , as i have before been charmed by the adorable awkwardness of some people ! thank you for sharing . your experience , i think , sheds light on a past experience of mine . the only intp guy who's ever befriended me always kept me guessing . to this day , i don't know in what way or ... thanks for sharing ! i have read elsewhere that intjs show their love by innovating ways to make their love interest's life easier or simpler . one person's experience : i do sort of try to have an idea of what i'm going to say if it's a business phone call ( like for a prospective employer or interviewer for for some other official business - ... i find myself fantasizing about being in the spotlight , sometimes , but i almost immediately shudder as the idea occurs to me . the idea of being in a position of leadership in which i have to ... you know you're an infp when ...  ... you need to give yourself a pep talk just to make a phone call or write an email .   ... you are a pro at procrastination , but when it gets down to the wire , ... chocolate mug cake with walnuts topped with rocky road ice cream i want to know how you have wooed , are wooing , will woo , or would have wooed your ideal romantic partner or your real life romantic partner ? wooing and pursuing . how's it done , nt style ? walk me ... i think that urbanization is a good thing for those who freely choose to live in urban areas ; however , if the condition is imposed on a population , against their will , whether by swift force or slow ... i definitely agree with the above : spencer reid of criminal minds rust cohle of true detective i love intps , by the way ! :) some faves : being there charade sabrina the princess diaries harvey um ... yeah . that's all for now . i like many movies . more , later . as a female infp , i think i'd suit an entj quite perfectly with my easygoing , affectionate nature , my emotional depth and maturity , the liveliness of my mind , my spirit of curiosity and adventure , ... '