' no no no , you have it all wrong my friend ! there is nothing wrong with you i think u are just a sensitive person , at least more than average . as far as performing under pressure , its easier when ... let me cook you something really delicious and give me all the affection i crave for a night :P well don't be scared , odds are he won't be too judgmental of anything silly you say and will appreciate the company lol idk if id describe myself as healthy , with my weed habit and other assorted indulgences but all i can do is affect what's around me you know . i figure being a good person and sticking to my ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvNu1Snqqg0 one of my favorite artists . if you enjoy tribe called quest , check this out ! i might shed a tear or two when i see good people in a heart-wrenching situation i wish i was really good at piano and singing without all the hard work and practice :P i enjoy things in the media that attempt to subvert or otherwise play with established tropes in a way that makes you think . but yeah the overwhelming majority of stuff sends out toxic messages and ... hey dude , if a girl can't see you for the good soul you are , the relationship wasn't gonna last anyways . my advice is to focus on self-improvement in terms of economic stability , physical fitness , ... 116146bump lol also yeah , in general im a lot happier and nice to everyone and i become more social and yea . it does good things to my brain ^ . ^ im a guy but when im in love , ill always want to be talkin with the person and everything i see relates to them . really my whole world view shifts , with them at the center of it . it happens very ... having a strong sense of empathy is a powerful thing ... idk if id describe myself as feminine but i am inclined to alot of things that are usually associated with female gender roles ... im really good with kids , and listening to friends , and gardening , ... know what you want . stick to your guns . if you have to compromise , make sure you aren't giving up too much it really comes from knowing one's self and knowing what's important to you i spend a lot of time alone , but its a force of habit and a economic reality ( broke 20 year-old ) more than anything else . i am a naturally shy person , but i genuinely love talking with other ... im there for them and listen and i go out of my way to be caring and nice . i actually love listening and making people feel better so its super easy for me :D im too nice ... until im not hehe but yeah , being that im an empathetic person , i can intristically know where a person's vulnerabilities are if i know them well enough . so if they want to fuck ... my verbal expression is really strong which translates to good written expression is i ever actually get down to writing lol aha yeah these tracks . well to be honest my beats are generally super simple cause i spend a lot more energy into actually writing raps . i mean i love making beats , but im not very technically ... i changed school so many times , so it was different in each school . but generally i was well liked but kind of shy . i spent a lot of time trying to fit in into different social circles but i was only ... check out these beats i made https://soundcloud.com/planet-sarju/open-heart-surgery https://soundcloud.com/planet-sarju/indigo sleepy , late , hungry sent from my sm-g 730w8 using tapatalk life is short . its important to make a contribution while i still can . i like ops take on things and general attitude :) sent from my sm-g 730w8 using tapatalk i just like cuddling sent from my sm-g 730w8 using tapatalk 114442 hello hi watsup sounds like he is a little inconsiderate and immature :/ but i dont want to pass judgments on someone i dont know im a libra ! and the libra descriptions ive read fit into my infp characteristics quite nicely i plan to make a happy family and a beautiful home , that's like my main motivator in life . there's other stuff like wanting the music i make to be better and stuff but its all incidental to the ... yes ! trust your intuition and listen to what ur heart tells you . i surprise myself pretty often actually aha , but there is a silver lining ! your party will be better for having only close friends there don't rush him and don't be afraid to open up about personal stories and stuff , and then he will reciprocate and then u guys will surely be in love lol im only 20 but i absolutely love kids and the idea of making a family with a beautiful , nuturing home is one of my main motivators in life . i want a daughter before i turn 30 , basically i have big soft brown eyes . ive been told they are pretty . but i wear glare-heavy glasses and i have a resting bitch-face expression in public so i wouldn't really describe it as seductive i'm not quite sure if this is the right place to put this , but i wrote and recorded this song about a year ago . my songwriting has gotten somewhat better since then , but this is still a good song ... this seems to be working out fine . i think patience is your best course of action . wait it out , keep spending time with her , take her out to denny's , help her with her christmas shopping , whatever ... mind won't settle . i concurr . my favourite one is the foggot one whenever i have a tumble and skin my elbow or something i find it hilarious , even in the face of my friends ' / family's concern . it's definitely a good feeling , but i haven't gotten to the point where ... practice trust falls :P or ! you could hang out with mutual friends that you feel bring out the best in yourselves to see what there is to appreciate about each other , and you'll probably pick up some ... yeah ... i do that a lot too . but even then , i'll usually try to be a good friend even in the face of both of our unmet desires i changed schools a lot , and that made me really treasure the moments i had with the few people in each school that i considered my friends . there wasn't really a clique organized by common interests ... when i meet new friends while in the company of old friends , say at school or something , people usually classify me as witty and also kinda out there . when i'm in an introverted mood , i'm a lot more ... perhaps the best thing to do is to let him know about the difficulties you have opening up , and how that's just part of who you are . i think he'll be able understand that you just need more time than ... alrighty ! take your time not at all . i really enjoy the way your sentences flow together . the narrator's voice ( your voice ? ) is very distinct ! again , he definitely sounds like an infx to me . is there any advice you feel you need though ? it sounds like something's on your mind , but i'm not quite sure what it is . i'll try my darndest to help ... i love big words too ! i guess the best advice i could give is to find an audience that is receptive to that kind of thing . or , seek to better understand your audience , and communicate to them in ... oops , guess i definitely wasn't clearly stating my intent ! i do think that the chances are extremely high that there is other life out there in the universe . i also think that the vast majority of ... it sounds like he could definitely fit into that model . i would think that the natural next step is to somehow give him the idea that taking one of those tests is a good idea . if you would value any ... '