' i'm more of a spiritual yet non-religious agnostic-y person , but i find astrology and other pseudosciences fascinating and informative . even though the information can be subject to ... that feel spending the night talking to friends for hours in the car about things you never knew you each cared about , all the while learning more about each other and bonding in a way you never ... i find it hilarious how , in the same day , i was given a glowingly positive evaluation for my performance while also sentenced to my first of three strikes also due to my performance ( by two ... can't fathom why after all this time , but i haven't seemed to figure out how the hell to care about myself to the point that i don't have to be a burden for others . spent the last few years solely ... what does infinite patience mean to you ? how would it affect one's decision-making ? deleted to the guy on the other side of the wall : despite me jumping your car off twice and doing absolutely nothing to you other than being patient with your bullshit , you continue to play audible ... not sure how serious this is , but i've been toying with a rather crazy idea ( to me ) . just wondering what would happen if someone literally just let go , as in released themselves of ... you must start from nothing in order to gain everything . in 6 hrs and 40 min my first day of work since the event will begin . asshole neighbor continues to play bass-heavy music late at night despite how it carries through walls - at least until i bang on ... okay so i got a huge pizza yesterday because the fridge is still broke and i brought home leftovers ... and now i still have leftovers which have spent the night here . debating whether to try the heat ... we get along but don't have much in common . in fact , my preference for somewhat idealistic intuitive bullshit tends to rub him the wrong way , as he's a firm realist . he can entertain my flights of ... double post while i don't keep track of them ( there are too many ) , i'm frequently doing things which other people seem to find amusing or offbeat . it's more how my brain appears to be wired differently , so what ... it was helpful until i started understanding myself more and recognizing that therapy had turned into nothing more than a feels dump which also charges money . while feeling better is usually a good ... i think mine is a third approach . the ( okay i'll try it ... nope didn't work ) demonstrate-the-error-of-their-ways-for-them approach . when dealing with myself , it's more like i succumb to the bad long ... but fiction is real . : crazy : you can find it at your local library . mzku agree so hard it hurts . would thank multiple times . i know you weren't asking me , but ideally neither me nor the girl would let it slip by , as our desires would be in alignment . i'm not ... just had one of those soulful late night meals at a comfortable restaurant to remember what good food tastes like and get back in touch with myself . welcome back , me . i've missed you . that $ 10 tip ... those who are genuinely confident in their knowledge are also more aware of their ignorance . to doubt is to know your limitations . the people who act confident without restraint are deluding ... that is pretty much what's going to happen i think . i'm afraid of getting fired because i put in a lot of effort ( for me ) and don't want to feel like it isn't valuable . it's like i'm accustomed to ... it has occurred to me that , while it is true that i don't wish to remain in this situation , the higher purpose of me being here is to test my resolve in an unfriendly environment . that is to say , ... heh . as soon as i say this , two days later the owner of the store singles me out , interrogates me about the work i'm doing at that moment and immediately decides to send me home to reconsider working ... not to be overly dramatic or religious , but i've come to the realization that my situation bears a lot of resemblance to a circle of hell . not in the ' wow that's bad ' way , but in the ' everyone ... hmm i'm thinking more along the lines of giving them individual names , like with a sword . now if only i could figure out what the reference is ... what would be good names for silverware , specifically a knife , fork , and spoon ? they are my first culinary companions . :p roud : it's 1:42 am and i just went out to get the newest additions to my life - my first silverware . : kitteh : i think i'm going to give them formal names once they have proven their mettle ( heh ) . am ... yesss . i remember the feeling as being so much like how a naked hermit crab would feel in transition to their new shell . so disorienting and vulnerable . now i have to learn the ins and outs of how ... no ! don't leave us . : unsure : i gain nothing from abandoning my convictions . no matter what i go through , something good will come from it as long as i maintain and regain hope for the future . reality does not only work the way ... kinda like an esfp in spirit but more assumptive ( ? ); i . e . barking up the wrong trees a lot . or like a mini conspiracy theorist . we use intuitive deduction to survive , and one of us who's behind the ... i apologize ahead of time , and have no idea if you'll get the reference , but this reminds me of alex louis armstrong . having experienced being sheltered , i can relate to this sentiment . i would question what constitutes living life to the fullest , though , as every one of my experiences no matter how insignificant ... from the perspective of being the shy / introverted party , it feels more like i'm grounded-enough that i don't have to pursue every curiosity that comes my way in order to garner a better ... why do you opt for safety more , then ? curiosity not provocation . does this philosophy extend to how you view others as well or just yourself ? what do you dislike about being sheltered in ... i love how authoritative and supportive i am to the newbies . it's a side of myself that i rarely get to see . even though i don't feel like i know that much , i seem to use what i do know to great ... safety or freedom ? 664329 ooo this is the key word i think . when i think of safety i think of someone in a cave with a fire and maybe traps set outside . a more literal interpretation of it , as in less likely to die . maybe ... oh gawd not you too ... : unsure : while i don't give a shit about ( most ) other peoples ' weddings , i tend to become teary emotional most frequently with happy emotions or about positive , hopeful , and uplifting things . with sad things ... idk about others , but i'm not being attacked or struggling to find food for survival on a daily basis . i'm paying for that privilege with some personal freedoms , and can sacrifice that privilege ... i've thought about it a lot and have decided that i don't wanna be an adult anymore . i have to actually think for myself and make decisions , and that's just too hard sometimes . why can't i be lazy ... it's easy to say freedom considering the kind of society we're ( i'm ) in , but that's precisely because we already have an abundance of focus on safety - illusory or otherwise . ignoring the ... oh , and the fridge doesn't work . hello starvation my old friend . first night in my new place . it's a tiny room with a huge window smack dab in the middle of the wall , which is now covered by a light-blocking curtain augmented with a shower curtain that has sun , ... it's strange to prefer being alone yet also be afraid of being alone simultaneously . i don't think that's how it works but what do i know ? good luck , buddy . it's a great feeling once you get used to it . like after a good workout . '