' i've always thought of tony stark as more of an entj ... ( and it sort of matters to me his type because i've been wondering the type of one of my teachers as a reference point and he's very much like ... as for the arya debate ( if i may put my useless input in there ) ... i really don't know , honestly . her rejection of what's proper and right in her society does seem very almost like fi ... and the way ... can i challenge that margaery is not an esfj , but rather an enfj ? i've only seen some show parts of her , but she just painted the picture of enfj to me ... but at least we can agree on fe , which is ... i really agree with the view that pinkie's more fe than anything . i was struck to this realization with the last episode , where her true place was helping people and making them happy . that's what ... i'm not sure of wanda's type , though i'd certainly love to know ; she's one of my absolute favorite characters . she always struck me as an infj - very determined ( ni ) but selfless ( fe ) . i'd argue that ... i have to argue against rapunzel being enfp . while that does seem like a good typing - and i was once very sure of that as her type - i believe it would be more accurate to call her enfj and label ... i personally see voldemort and tom riddle as two seperate persons . tom riddle was an individual with a personality ... lord voldemort , with his soul divided into seven pieces and devoid of all love ... i haven't finished reading the book , but everything i've heard about cosette makes me think she's actually enfj . she appears to be an exfj child from what i've read , how she was careful not to upset ... thank you for your input (: any thoughts on his friend / girlfriend ? for some reason she made me think infp in her dreamy ways and how she goes against the flow of what everyone else thinks ... yet ... any guesses ? ( this would be for the most recent movie . ) the once-ler struck me as an infp ... really idealistic and innocent when he was younger , but with a definite te that came out in a rather ... it's funny you made this topic ... i literally just started contemplating it an hour ago . he had a quarterback approach to decisions ... dealing with obstacles as they came . he wanted immediate ... xd thank you for your reply ! i have to admit that i can't take credit for most of these types - i've searched around through disney threads a lot , and most of these were said somewhere there first ... there are a ton of scattered disney threads on here , but few specific , contained ones ... i think it would be fitting enough to have a general thread to type pixar characters . i'll guess a few ... i'm not sure if it would count as a relationship , but my best friend is infp and we've almost had some bit of a relationship ... i definitely think i molded to their tendencies and seemed very ... it ties into socionics . i think there's a socionics test , though i haven't been able to find an accessible one . okay , i was definitely overthinking it . (: i tried really hard to recognize it , but i tried too hard , and took it out of it's subconscious state . i have it and make connections naturally and ... that's pretty much me , myjazz . (: thanks . it describes the ... whatever-it-is in my head perfectly . i think i'm just really over contemplating what exactly unconscious means . in other words ... is ni a mastering of the subconscious ( in a less dramatic way ) , a stronger awareness of it ? i should be clearer , myjazz ... i do experience ni - precisely what is described here - yet recently i've been doing it and thinking this is ni ! is it possible to force myself into ni , even though ... here's a new question ... while i do make connections a lot of the time , i do it consciously . subconsciously ... i can't do that at all . i come to conclusions that i do - often - use to manipulate ... okay ! i found my true type ! i am infj , but not the type that's mostly represented on this forum . i'm of the ethical subtype . really , it describes me perfectly . i relate to the other one a ... oh , wow ! this completely seals the deal about my being infj . the description for ethical infj was spot on for me . thank you for posting this ! i'm so happy right now , finally content with myself . oh my goodness ... that is so incredibly me . i am very open to different possibilities in someone's behavior . sometimes my ideas clash , and these ideas and connections i can't speak aloud ... yet they ... i'm not stuck on being nf . it simply is who i am . to me , being nf means that caring for the world and making a difference in it is my main priority , and that i am a big picture thinker who ... thank you for the new replies ! they're helping as well . i shift from believing i'm ni to believing i'm ne ... i believe there are multiple factors that contribute to any one situation , but i'm ... wow . i must say i related to much of the above , save a few . is this all specific to ni , or could some of it be experienced by users of ne as well ? i must say i relate to this a great deal . from what i've heard about enfp , it seems to be a thousand possibilities at once and never knowing which to choose , believing all possible ... while i believe ... all of your posts have helped me very much , and i greatly appreciate them . they've helped me clear up some things . i know just what you mean , onicrow ! i think the same thing all the time . i have to get inspiration from outside my head , whether it be triggered by a song , a cow on the side of the road ... but the ... i never said i was a j ? i'm just considering enfj and infj right now because i'm almost certain that i'm fe and just as certain that i'm nf . from what i've gathered through my studies , the j vs p ... hi ! i was hoping that you guys could help me discover what se truly is . what does it feel like to you personally ? how do you experience it ? how do you know it's there ? your responses will really help ... and you can feel your emotion ? like it's always there with you and you know what it is at all times ? i don't feel that at all , and have to judge what i'm feeling by reading my own body language ... hi ! i was hoping that someone here could explain ti to me from personal experience ... what does it feel like , how do you experience it , that sort of thing . all answers will be greatly appreciated ! hi ! i was hoping that someone here could explain ti to me from personal experience ... what does it feel like , how do you experience it , that sort of thing . all answers will be greatly appreciated ! hi ! could someone please describe for me what ni feels like for you , how you know it's ni , how you experience it ... all that kind of stuff would be appreciated . (: i'm trying to find out my own ... hi ! i'm hoping someone here could help me figure out what ne truly is , what it feels like , and if it's somewhere in my perception . (: would anyone care to explain ? any responses would be greatly ... hi ! i'm hoping someone here could help me figure out what ne truly is , what it feels like , and if it's somewhere in my perception . (: would anyone care to explain ? any responses would be greatly ... ack , i've seen a ton of those descriptions ... what i really want is to hear a personal description . (: but i will definitely look at that link . thanks for responding ! hi ! i'm hoping you can explain to me what fi feels like and how you experience it and all that good stuff . how do you know it's fi ? i'm trying to figure out my type and the functions that i have and ... hi ! i'm hoping you can explain to me what fi feels like and how you experience it and all that good stuff . how do you know it's fi ? i'm trying to figure out my type and the functions that i have and ... hi ! (: maybe you recognize me ( though probably not ); for the past few months , i've been convinced that i was infj ... but lately i have doubted it , and my quest to find my true type has brought me ... hi ! i was wondering if you could explain to me how your fe feels and how you experience it . i'm trying to find my own type and figure out the functions in general . any help you give would be greatly ... ... that is me . wow . thanks for your help ! hi ! i'm hoping that i could get some clarification on what te feels like for you . i know the normal definitions ... but i want to know how you feel and experience it personally . any help would be ... hi ! i'm hoping that i could get some clarification on what te feels like for you . i know the normal definitions ... but i want to know how you feel and experience it personally . any help would be ... hi ! i'm hoping for some of your perspectives on what si feels like to you personally . i'm trying to figure out my own type right now , and just want to know more about the functions in general . (: any ... hi ! i'm hoping for some of your perspectives on what si feels like to you personally . i'm trying to figure out my own type right now , and just want to know more about the functions in general . (: any ... hi . (: i was hoping that i could get a few perspectives on what your dominant function , fe , is like ? i'm trying to figure out my own type , and i also need to know for the sake of the story that i'm ... xd i don't relate people to book characters ... i was mentioning who other people have compared me to . (: i like knowing who i'm seen as because it gives me a good idea as to how i am viewed by my ... xd yes , i feel much safer with xnfp , and i probably am infp ... though i really think i was initially an exfp and my friendless childhood kind of developed me into more of an infp-seeming person . i ... '