' that is reasonable . i understand . that's a good explanation . i wish my esfj girlfriend had the self-awareness to self-reflect and improve herself . sent from my samsung galaxy s5 i am never around her guy friends . she is definitely loyal . i am 100 % certain . i just don't understand why she has those perverted guy friends around her . she said she never meets them in person ... intj boyfriend here . my esfj girlfriend has gone through a lot of tragedies in her life . she used to have a group of close friends but her circle of close friends disbanded . some broke off due to an ... maybe you do not understand yourself well enough , or do not express yourself well enough for others to achieve the correct understanding of you ? people perceive and understood you differently ? my esfj girlfriend tells me ( intj ) that i question things too much . also , i avoid asking her questions because she is sensitive about everything i ask and gets offended easily . because she gets ... i have an esfj girlfriend and i believe she is an immature and unhealthy esfj . it's difficult to convince them . they hold their own beliefs and opinions very strongly to themselves until proven wrong ... i use my girlfriend as an example but it's not absolute . to generalize all esfjs based on my one experience with my esfj girlfriend is a logical fallacy . i just use my esfj girlfriend as an ... lakin my esfj girlfriend has an emotional outburst too . she will become very verbally hostile towards me and reasoning is out of the question . she will go on and on and on , then she will walk ... never hurts to try . you should write a letter . to see someone else's handwriting potrays a person's effort and has a very personal touch . exactly ! this is why being around my girlfriend all the time is very draining with her negative comments . that's not her business . no one is going to act a certain way to accommodate her life . her ... with him stonewalling , and us here just judging with speculation is not absolutely . you can try to approach him and find out exactly why he is stonewalling from the very source itself . go get ... my scores are different because i answered differently . of course . that is a given . answering the questions affect the scores . why did i answer the questions differently before and now ? what ... on other tests , i tested to be intj and in the past i have tested to be intj many times . i believe i have improved and changed as a person so my scores are different . my results below : te ... olias provided really useful information . i just do not think my esfj girlfriend is a mature esfj enough to be rational . but i will try . i don't want you to feel like i'm dismissing your ... i strongly agree . when i am outside walking around with my esfj girlfriend , she loves to point out the most insignificant details in public . here are some of her remarks : 1 ) oh god . look at ... i have an esfj girlfriend and i am an intj and sometimes my girlfriend and i clash due to our personality types . convincing my esfj girlfriend is very difficult because she holds onto her pride , ... if you want to be with this person , then you should persuade him or her regardless what anyone tells you in this thread as long as you are aware of both the positive and negative outcomes . :) i tried to explain this to my esfj girlfriend but she does not understand my perspective . esfjs are hyper sensitive and do not take criticize likely . my esfj girlfriend is very sensitive and ... klaro 26 i have some examples . let's say you are going out with your significant other , friends , or yourself , do not plan where to go eat . wing it . when you are going to a mall , do not plan what ... that's a good scenario . very good information and very accurate . i guess as an intj , i see everything realistically , and when i act as a sounding board to my esfj girlfriend , i feel that i am ... this was during the heat of the moment and she acts this way towards everyone around her and even strangers . when expose to this kind of behavior towards her every week , it becomes draining and ... i was just speaking to my esfj girlfriend on the phone . she was telling me a story and she said to her friend jeez . don't you know anything other solutions that i haven't tried to fix my phone ? ... olias i used to have netflix but i will try to stream it or torrent the movie , bridezillas , for a better understanding hah . esfjs are definitely sensitive about their intellectual ability . in the beginning of the relationship , i would always point this and that out about her and she would hate it . i can confirm that she ... i agree with mithril . she gave the same response in the intj thread about intjs and relationships . she does come off as rude . what mithril mentioned earlier when he was on-topic was debatable ... these were my results : you scored 70.833 out of 100 masculine points , 66.667 out of 100 feminine points , and 66.667 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points = = = masculinity : ... off topic : devoid i really dislike the way you respond to people on this forum which is irrelevant to the topic of discussion because i do agree with your thread . you do not seem very keen to ... i agree with this . i am intj and i have re-evaluated myself many times . i believe it depends on what the person is going through and how the person grew up by nature . as an intj back in my high ... i do not think about death because i have no control of it but i do have control of minimizing my chances of dying early . i do care about my girlfriend so i do want to stick around as possible and ... speak no words . simply just bolt into action and show her that you care by actions . words may not reach an esfj . i can only speak from my experience when my esfj girlfriends begins to isolate herself ... whoops . i realized that i am on the estj forum and not the esfj forum . * response deleted * i can only speak from experience with my esfj girlfriend . when my esfj girlfriend does not want to talk about something and i raise the awareness of a concern i had , her response is usually ignore ... i believe there is a misunderstanding from both parties . i am not choosing sides here . i have no intention to disrespect any of you . some of you intjs offer your suggestions or advice to ... i am currently in a relationship with an esfj female . she stonewalls or isolates herself away from me on many occasions . also , there was another person on this forum that created a thread about an ... i believe this varies from different intjs . i can only speak from my perspective , i feel that speaking to other esfjs is a good way for me to gain a better understanding because i find esfjs as ... my esfj girlfriend has the same response . when i confront her , she will feel hurt and upset as if i am attacking her when i only want to address an issue in our relationship that is bothering me . i ... i feel that you two find common ground because you two are extroverted . my girlfriend loves history and she enjoys going to historical places and museums . i go to these museums with her , but she ... i have tried to explain to her why i use psychology too to gain a better understanding . she argues psychology and logic cannot explain everything . i justify by telling her psychology is not ... my esfj is an artsy person . she paints , enjoys music , loves history and visiting historical places . she hates when i talk about psychology . everything to her is about feelings and living through ... i am glad that she is not the only woman out there that was raised like a proper lady . no no . the man does help his woman , but he must immediately turn around for her to adjust herself to look ... klaro 26 i have no clue where to start . i remember trying to be more lay back and it worked but eventually i became too late back and unproductive . it's definitely draining but i guess i prefer my ... do all esfjs dress super refined and beautiful ? my greatest fears are : being unsuccessful in the future cannot provide for myself and significant other losing my significant other i understand intj and esfj is a bad pair for a relationship , but i guess i am just being hopeful . what can an intj and esfj talk about or hold a conversation about ? i cannot tell you what is going on her head , but i can only speak from my experience with my esfj girlfriend . my esfj girlfriend usually tells me it's okay . it's fine when she wants to be alone or ... devoid i am going to admit that some of these intjs are a bit harsh to you . they say intjs are supposed to be the mastermind , but i understand you came here for advice . judging and criticizing ... tone of voice definitely affects how an esfj will perceive a message . they reason with emotional reasoning . how a message is presented and communicated to them may be the deciding point on how they ... i wish she does understand the importance of establishing a mutual understanding when we have our differences , but she is very stubborn . even though she tells me i just let it go and move on . like ... i do feed her fe all the time but showing her that i care by going out my way taking a 1 - hour and 30 - minute train ride to her house to deliver flowers to her . i go out and run errands for her too . ... yep . i have shown her my mbti and she said wow . this does sound like you . but she is not into logic and psychology because i used it way too much in relationship to justify our differences . now she ... '