' will you accept monopoly dollars ? spiffymooge pics or it didn't happen . my closest friends are women , but most of my regular friends are male . i was once in a male dominated group 140m / 10f and it was wonderful . i had something like only 3 close female friends in my life , ... :) ftb is one of my best ( and so rare ) discoveries . i find it strange that i like almost of the music in this thread ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwXh8h5jivg i don't fancy gotye much , ... part of it is anxiety driven of course . the main problem is that i can't influence the real core , it's independent from me which leads to anger which leads to frustrations which lead to stress and ... archetype your signature rocks :D that's my style : 85015 i just died from laughter . is he still in denial ? trolling people is fun , trolling people with their own kids is super fun : kitteh : some people say that i am cold , talk too much , set a cat among ... 164 cm and 70kg at the moment = 5 ' 4 and 154 lbs . my normal weight is around 55 to 60 kg . i'm typical mesomorph ( + fat ) , short and i get to semiathletic shape quite easily . so fat and short . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=71lBZz16dr4 and here's your problem : tongue : hahahaso true , i act like that in the club , keeping the creeps away by my protector elbow : cool : then ask her . you're not 16 anymore and ( i hope ) neither is she . how is your self-esteem now ? stop looking , try to be happy on your own and they will come once you stop looking ( it happened to me ... really ? so i'm not entp or in serious s * ^ % o_o running and talking / doing some fun stuff with friends helps , the tv , games and etc . don't distract me enough . i'd go with nr 1 ( assuming that i don't like the job ) . imho going with nr 2 would make your expenses grow a lot , so i highly doubt the ' invest and retire ' option is possible ( i've seen people double ... protip : try to care less what people think about you , you're awesome anyway . they're just too retarded to see that because all they have in their heads are stereotypes . the concept that people are ... he may not think that what he did was wrong to him ( depends on what kind of secret it is , did you murder somebody ? :D ) . he may not value your friendship as highly as you are . words have different ... you sound like an intj to me ( i am not sure about , i have little experience in successfully typing others ) . why ? imho you like order too much for entp and you process info in such scientific manner ... go after what you want , no matter what others say and failing out of spite just to annoy your father won't do you any good . don't go to the prom , it is boring like hell . i don't get why house of lies gets so little attention . the autor of the book that show is based on wrote another one called asshole : how i got rich and happy by not giving a shit about you . u200bi am ... but you can get same / similar information and moar from mbti + enneagram , which both are free . i don't see why one should pay for it . just because some big firm uses it , it doesn't imply that it's ... free one , not sure it's the same thing . ideation - queen of the pretentious words :D jeff doesn't seem to be entp , he cares too much and is too focused on the material goods and he doesn't love conflict / arguing that much . he is manipulative also . estp or something j'ish is more ... i was thinking abed is intp , but intp wouldn't notice that change . what about professor duncan ? narcissism 77 % 60 % unconventionality 94 % 64 % you don't . you brake the goddamn wall and do what you have to do despite the fear . well people talk to people in public places lol . it isn't simple as that like you go to x , y , z and it will solve your ... you need to make up your mind . i've read the whole topic and it is like : i want to meet people , but people suck , but i don't want to be lonely , so i need to try something , but trying something may ... why it isn't rational decision ? i don't like people / animals to suffer for me where there is no need to and i don't need meat to live . why should they die for me ? that's causing unnecessary pain . i ... that's quite insulting . i love infj logic : i can't understand entps feelings therefore they don't exist . it's ironic that atm you're the one being insensitive : bored : those signs prove nothing , not getting kicked in the face may be sign of attraction and may not . don't be such a coward , go and ask her out . stop thinking about it , just do it . men nowadays ... i drop all the exes like a hot potato , but that one is obvious for me . i dropped one friend because she had some serious issues and i offered her my help , she refused it , so kthnxbye . i will have to ... curiosity , challenges , especially hard ones and new stuff . and this [ / color ] male , my best female friend is infp , i can't stand sensors for too long . i am trying to do a bit of marketing research and it happens that the psychographic segmentation is quite interesting ( i'm searching for target group ) . it turns out that most of nt should be early ... yes , we can be and i am . entp + 8s is dangerous for others :P 1 . yes , but it can look creepy / scary ( i was once scared by it , going too fast isn't good ) i actually learned to deceive guys into thinking that they tamed me . fools : crazy : shh , it works like a ... i've been there , but it still quite different , cause we entps are big kids , we find something new and awesome and boom we're fine . we don't care about bazilion things , we hardly ever care , so it ... sorry for that , but i just hate the term ' the right one ' . well we do really have our soft sides , but not many can see it . but none of this things make him a bad guy , we are what we are and we don't ... ok , so you have some kind of superpowers or what ? how can you possibly tell ? or do you belive in one true love and that prince forgot his armor or something ? i'd say that it depends on lots of ... pfff . you think you invented that door slam ? cause no , you didn't . i did it few times with no regrets . that's huge thing for infj , you know when you should stop and from what i've read you seem quite healthy and aware of who you are . how when and why did you develop self-acceptance and those ... i guess healthy infj are kinda rare . stop worrying about the world and enjoy it . when something is wrong it probably isn't you fault , get over it . don't lock yourself in your golden internal ... i've read that , only because i don't say something it doesn't mean i don't know about it and i've been in a relationshionship with infj for 3 years so i know some behavioral patterns , but it is hard ... my so once thought that a driver want to run over him and i guess he just was shitty driver or speeding and they feel like they should do everything and fix the world , otherwise they are badbad ... but why do you blame yourselves for everything ? it is so illogical . can infj think about the concept that they are good enough ? so showing my own vulnerability would make him think better about ... 2 . yes . about the first well what is intelligence , being smart etc ? how can one measure undefined thing ? we just think the other way , see different solutions and also we like to exercise our ... it is creeping me out that some people here understand me more than i do , now i am done with alone time and need to find new friends . i figured that i am a bit sick of hanging with introverts , so i ... we're still are extroverts so we need a bit more than conversation on forums :P well i do feel alone , because the people i am around now aren't so interesting , i am tired of talking about the very same thing 100x with sensors , they talk too much and they talk about so ... i am with a relationship with one infj and there are some things i can not understand at all . why infjs are so insecure ? and is there a fix ? petting the ego doesn't work , like my words just ... oh i see the progress here :) still for me you're too pushy anyways . the door has to open itself . you're coming back to life that's very good too . '