' infj here but i like gratitude so hi . i'm thankful for ... 1 . being alive 2 . having money to buy food 3 . sleep i love sleep . 4 . being able to get an education 5 . having a loving and ... i wear them for astigmatism . i've been wearing glasses for so long that i usually forget i'm someone who wears glasses and not everyone does . i like asmr and i think it's fascinating , but i'm really particular when it comes to videos . i don't like when people try hard to be seductive in them , especially when they whisper . some of these ... i always visualize people as their avatars . i get confused when i'm used to seeing a certain picture with a username and then they change it all of a sudden . i don't really care . i usually see girl as a word for a female child or a friend who's female , such as hey girl . it definitely has a younger connotation , but it doesn't bother me , unless it's ... 48/80 . hm , i thought i was more empathetic than that . i didn't particularly like this test . i really wished there was a neutral option for these questions . hi ! welcome to the forums , i hope you like it here . :) welcome ! ugh , there's nothing worse than losing a post you already typed out . hello though , i hope you enjoy the forums . :) i feel like it's impossible to truly know what people think of you . people are seldom honest about their feelings . i wonder what people think about me quite a bit , too , and i'll often think that i ... - when people talk too much ( well not really angry , more so annoyed ) - when people disrespect me for no reason . nothing boils my blood more . - when people disrespect people i care about - when i'm ... i'd say you're accurately typed . but then again , i'm no expert . honestly , i don't know if i'm typed accurately as infj . i usually get it when i take tests , but a few times i've gotten infp . - pancakes - pudding - hibachi ( rice , vegetables , noodles , soup , salad ) - apple sauce - water i'm still recovering from my wisdom tooth surgery so my food options are limited . :( other . i have hazel eyes and i like them . i see no need to long for things i can never have in this lifetime . i think hazel eyes are the most underrated . mine change in the sunlight , and have ... welcome fellow infj :) there's a lot of us here . i hope you enjoy the forums . - eggs - amazing cookie dough ice cream - milk - water wisdom tooth removal problems . hello fellow infj :) welcome to the forum . abc news in the background like elevator music . i don't think i necessarily attract unconventional people , but i tend to get along with almost anyone and can mold myself to fit in different situations . i can get along with superficial types , ... how hungry i am and how i can't eat most foods because i had my wisdom teeth removed yesterday . :( before going to prison i would try to have as much fun as i can and do things i've always wanted to do ... i would also hang out with family and friends as much as i could . i would ask if i could ... welcome ! :) anatomy to tag someone , just copy and paste their username and put an @ in font of it , like this iammyown . to reply to a specific post , click reply with quote , which is on the bottom right of every ... welcome ! i'm an infj as well . :) mbti is really interesting . my boyfriend is an enfp and i've seen him angry before . well , he was more annoyed / disappointed than angry . it was a little uncomfortable to witness , but it's only happened once . he rants a lot about ... they're gross . just get a bath mat . i laugh pretty often . but i'm not one of those people who will be watching a movie and laugh at every single little thing ( one of my friends is like this and i find it weird ) . i often chuckle after ... wow you sound like me . i wanted to go into the mental health field , but i too struggle with anxiety . i'm going to be a sophomore in college , and i spent my first year as a psychology major , but i've ... my daily breakfast : cereal or cinnamon raisin toast with butter , and either milk , water , juice , or coffee . sometimes yogurt with fruit . my treat-yo-self breakfast : french toast , waffles , or eggs ... i was raised catholic but fell away from the religion and was an atheist for awhile , then agnostic . now , however , i would say i'm a loose christian ( that sounds weird lol but i don't know how ... not a big deal . you're not the table police . i'm good . i was a bit moodier earlier but now i'm content . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm thinking about how much i love my dog and how i hope he lives a long , long life . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i didn't even notice it until you mentioned it . - women having to shave their legs , armpits , and pubic hair . i do it because it's a norm , but it's annoying and i wish it was never a thing . fun fact : razor companies actually decided to market ... i'd say estp or esfp . it's healthy to feel a broad range of emotions and trying to force yourself to be positive all the time is not good . life sucks sometimes and you have to acknowledge it . that aside , these things help ... how i didn't realize it's 1:35 am . what the heck . i swear it was 12:20 a sec ago . procrastinating going to bed . coco pebbles cereal . : tongue : neutral . not really happy or sad , just ... here . 1 . birth range : born 1998 . ( yz ) 2 . parents : both baby boomers , 1964 . ( y ) 3 . siblings : have an older sibling ( y ) 4 . vivid memory of these important events : i remember about 5 of these events ... - infj - enfp - new posts - general - sex and relationships - 4 slices of toasted cinnamon swirl bread with butter - strawberries - cereal - peas , rice , barbecue chicken , more vegetables sent from my iphone using tapatalk https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170715/9aae39b0cfc54c6cc9a48b8d7c59cc7b.png english , psychology , criminal justice , human biology ( even though i don't do the best in this ) . infj . i like black usually . but every once in awhile i use blue to spice things up . sent from my iphone using tapatalk you could use them as a duster . sent from my iphone using tapatalk hi there . it seems like you have a lot going on . i hope you find some comfort in this forum . [ emoji 5 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk i didn't think of that . that's probably true . '