' this thread has motivated me to finally getting around to researching all things stock related , i figure worst case scenario i lose a small amount of money and i learn to better manage my 401k . in ... where did the rest of this thread go ? edit : and now its back , that was so weird ! i couldnt see anything past shivers post well you got a nice little bonus yesterday , lol that was a very good call , if only i listened . i am brand new inspired by the thread to finally look into stocks . i have been using investopedia ... sounds interesting , any successful day traders direct me to some books to read up on the subject ? assume no stock knowledge . for me personally ? you know i don't think its so much a time issue as an experience issue ( though i suppose it can be easier to completely ignore an experience soon after a breakup ) . i guess i ... i think all of these are fine for my dream house , i mean the visible part that is . there will be an underground maglev leading to my underground bunker directly under some data center in california ... * accidental dupl dont see a delete option * might be too violent to post and probably not really work safe for me to be pulling up here at work plus i don't think the scene is very interesting without the rest of the show but my fav scene is ... i don't think so , i try to make a conscious effort to be consistent and i think i'm rather good at it as long as something i'm extremely interested in doesn't distract me . as far as long delay ... i do not know where you're from so the culture there could be quite different but here in the us people open doors . you may be the greatest in your field and sometimes thats enough but many times ... in their heads after the door slam maybe =P oh there it is hehe sounds accurate to me but i would never say they don't make sense to me . the only thing this says is that she feels comfortable enough to do those things . i do not know how private a person she is or how private the things she shared with you are so i can't even say how ... whats school like these days ? i'm older so i just picked up on the stuff you talked about just from sitting in class listening to people talk ( not like i could turn it off ) but i imagine these days ... you posted this on the intj forum he said that ? does he want to continue ? its a 6 month relationship though isn't it ? meaning it was around the 3-4 month mark when many relationships begin to falter . have you ever asked him ... yes but nothing interesting just the type that seems like they are trying to be nice for some hidden personal gain that turned out to be very creepy / stalker type . ( not to me but friends ) i do ... i'm actually having a difficult time answering this because : 1 . i feel like we don't like to be wrong . 2 . an immature intj is more likely to spout something they aren't sure of and defend it ... an intj offering a solution to a problem means nothing . discuss your issues directly in a straight forward manner , if it seems like its not going well you can try to discuss the fairness of the ... could it be an actually environmental condition such as quality of air , trace amounts of carbon monoxide , that type of thing . i dunno how you guys can keep it all in your head . i can keep things i think are important ( well important in the near future not past ) in my head but anything i really don't want to do that isn't ... stay away from witchcraft there is always a catch to it . i use to be a happy esfp but then i found a book of shadows and casted a spell to become more strategic . it worked but i was cursed to spend ... i recommend wunderlist as well , i tried todoist first and it was pretty sweet and powerful but some glitches ended up screwing me over and making me miss an important task . i can't think of a ... you sound like another intj i know . forget psychotherapy don't underestimate the power of meds . me personally i just play mmorpgs to escape from the real world ... its still a bunch of goals to ... i could not think of a single thing to say that would apply to every intj and not other types . i have seen other types fail to react to someone doing something incorrectly on many different ... 1 . i apologize if i had known a sensing type would be reviewing it i'd have written it out like a mojo jojo speech ( thats a joke don't take it seriously ) . basically we are excellent at finding ... take your netflix password virus example , if i did do something very similar perhaps instead i would have created a utility to create your virus but secretly send me a copy of the information ... technically he said you can't be intj if ... so it doesn't have to be intj specific it simply has to be something that an intj wouldnt do . cursed back button on this work station mouse @_ @ lost my post . to sum it up , maybe i already made such a virus but wasnt nasty and wasnt for money . those positions usually require 4 year ... my biggest mistake ? oh thats easy ! when i was growing up me and many others believed that computer repair was going to be where all the money was . i never expected computers to be selling for 300 ... if you think everything is perfect as is . if you can watch someone do something you are great at incorrectly without any sort of reaction . edit : without the use of drugs so you're in the grocery store and you see someone reaching for the same item and you're like oh my god you like such and such too ! ? i got a great recipe for that , whats your facebook i'll share it ... where are you meeting people that you get to know well over time to later discover you're interested in them ? i assume you are in a position to do so then , dating people from work or school or something to that nature ? it seems quite common for relationships to end before the 3 month mark so to me it ... well yeah but others would call it sweet . i don't think anyone has ever said you're so helpful to me so if they want to perceive that as me being sweet then i'll take what i can get =P you've adapted to something more efficient , sounds normal to me . true but at the same time is traditional something you actually want ? i can do plenty of actions that would be perceived ... you sure that self-esteem boost didn't turn you into a dick ? i feel like there are some situations where a self-esteem boost can open your eyes to certain negative traits in particular when people ... am i the only one lost here ? could you clarify wait a little more and stay being cautiously optimistic ? the way i interpret the valentines day thing is romantic interest so you now know he likes ... so , super shy intj says that he likes you and your response was ... ? it would be rare for an intj to have a core value like that but its possible . i doubt i'd be friends with someone that was a violation of a core value of mine . the intj is still young he may care ... i agree with lilysocks here but what kind of time gap you talking here : nothing happened between the date you told him ( which was when exactly ) and when did you try to address the topic ? you ... you went for a kiss without any date or expression of romantic interest ? well good for you fieryelf sounds like you're at least doing better in the confidence department 638698 hello again fieryelf , did you get friend zoned by the hair stylist ? i was wondering , was that 3 weeks of silence with you sending messages and getting no response or you just kept silent to see ... well my guess is : more likely to show their impatience more likely to be trying to make the most of their time more likely to notice the inefficiency of the conversation i wouldn't really say ... initializing is the easy part , don't get hung up on the easy part . you still haven't told him ? my perfectionism and high standards hardly ever gets positive reactions , in fact i would say its quite the opposite because so many people would rather do everything half ass . i have a vive and rift at home . i guess what i'm looking forward to the most is a vr mmorpg with some sort of device that allows real world walking ( not just running in place ) i know several ... lots of factors weight in on that question . perhaps he does prefer face to face or perhaps hes simply very efficient with his time and prefers to send short texts while doing other things but then ... test too long maybe i'll try again the next time im stuck with nothing to do for a long period of time . '