' splendid ! that's exactly how i feel about rain and stormy weathers . the sound of raindrops calm me and usually , ideas flow better in me during those times . this is my favorite song when i need to ... i'm pretty sure i am not clingy because usually , it is my friends who have to drag me out . or else , i would be so comfortable locking myself up in my room reading or playing games that i will not ... errr , is there a third choice i'm indifferent to either . ? my ex-manager and team lead were intuitives - : wink : my current manager and team lead are sensor types - : crying : in every meeting to update the progress on the same bloody project , they insist ... fantasy , sci-fi , psychological thriller , mystery , detective , action ... pretty much everything except romance and horror . i'm happier being labelled as ' arrogant ' , ' selfish ' and ' narcissistic ' than ' hypocritical ' . at least i'm just being myself . =P oh ! to add on , i've been labelled as ' condescending ' before too . i ... movie ? rurouni kenshin . : laughing : my toy cat . i have been losing temper a lot lately and it is simply because co-workers were terribly incompetent . even though i took the initiatives to explain and guide them more times than i could remember , at ... i do not think it's correct to assume that intjs do not have any sense of morality . let's not follow the stereotypes that hollywood brainwashed people into thinking that the cold , introverted , ... walking away is easier than ranting here to a group of strangers . also , was she tested to be an intj ? because from your descriptions , she seems a little too loud and boisterous for an introvert . prudent . i am always worried that i would not have enough savings to buy myself more books when i reach 80 . i can count the number of friends i have with ten fingers . anyone else who is not a friend is either one of these : a ) a colleague - someone i have a professional working relationship with but they ... omg ! i can totally relate to that . i loved playing with calculators when i was a child ; scientific or non-scientific . i would imagine punching the numbers in the calculator would result in them ... is there really such a thing as borderline ? i thought the functions practised by intj and intp are relatively different . personally , i am very sure i am not intp . i have a good intp friend though ... nah , you will never find an intj serial killer because no one will ever find out ! lol ~ i could easily place myself in the 1-2 range . i am hardly a picky eater but i suppose that is predominantly because i view eating as a routine ; an act of necessity to sustain life . rather than ... i would rather have all the humans dead and live with cats instead . ( actually , i had been secretly hoping for this all the while . :D ) incompetent and inefficient people . especially those who make up tons of excuses to push work away from their plates . i would have loved talking to you if you were my colleague . try online rpg games where you get to join guilds . you'll be surprised to find a number of other introverted like-minded people out there . p . s . do remember though not to get yourself worked up if ... i feigned busy by fiddling my smartphone looking as though i am messaging a lot of people at the same time . : laughing : i only have a major problem with people ( children especially ) who are sold into the sex trade and abused in the worst forms we cannot imagine ; that is not something i could tolerate or ever approve ... i think my nf friends are more annoyed at me for ' solving ' them so easily much more than i would be annoyed at them for assuming they understand me . : kitteh : cetanu , morena and meliora , count me in too . exactly ! that's what made me adore the plot so much . there are a lot of tactics , strategies , manipulations , power struggles , politics etc . in it . i don't hate any characters except maybe , joffrey , ... me ! i love the show and characters . as alles mentioned above , the cast did a great job playing their roles . and before you ask ; my favourite character is arya stark . i have more nf friends than nt ones but that's because nts are such rare finds here . i could easily discuss intellectual topics with my nt friend but hardly with my nf ones . the latter is more ... along the same scenario , if your friend really became a congress person who worked hard for the people , even if the results may not be that favorable , she may think she deserves a raise for her ... the same goes for me . i can act all polite , nice and compassionate but deep down , i don't even have the least bit of concern for the people around me . sometimes , people are so grateful with the ... why does that remind me so much about aeon flux ? : laughing : oh , i absolutely enjoy killing people over and over again in my heads . at least , there's no mess to clean up and it still keeps my adrenaline running . meaning , freedom , respect . we are hated ? : shocked : i had loved science and maths since i was a child . : kitteh : if there is any specific reason that i try to preserve social harmony , it is not because of how others are feeling but rather i find heated arguments to be very unproductive and hinders progress ... i don't think sensors are stupid at all . in fact , they can be quite smart people . however , i still have trouble communicating with sensors as they are more in touch with things that their five senses ... males . though i only have a few male friends ( heck , i don't have many friends in the first place ! ! ) , not only that i am able to relate to them better , i can also understand them easily . it amuses me ... i really hate people who would just stand there and keep whining about a problem yet refuse to seek ways to solve it . when i solve it for them , they always caught me dumbfounded with the question ... most of my family and friends are feeler types so avoidance or silence are not techniques i could use all the time . i usually allow them to speak about their emotions / thoughts but i would remain ... i recalled that when i was an infant , i would drag all my toys / books to a corner at the living room , barricade myself in it and play by myself . i would sometimes lie down to daydream or talk to my ... i don't mean that bad people don't exist in real lives . the distinction is internet profiles can be completely faked ( or copied from a real person's profile but operated by a different person behind ... never tried it before but i suppose online dating sites are places where trolls / scammers like to roam . there is no need to concern yourself whether you are conforming as an intj even though your preference may differ from what was stated in the personality descriptions . mbti is not a cult that ... 1 . sometimes , i can maintain a firm eye contact while conversing with people but it really depends on how focused i am on the topic of conversation . most of the time , my eyes are busy wandering ... gosh , that sounds exactly like my conversations with close friends . i have a feeling my friends like my ni a lot since that's primarily where my weird humor comes from . you could have both : a joint savings account and a personal one . if both of you are planning to start a family by buying a house , wedding preparations , children funds etc . , you could open a joint ... a healthy infp is always fun to be with . my infp friend loves my dark humour and most importantly , i had never judged her by societal standards ( like hell we care about such useless stuffs =P ) . when ... i have to confess that sometimes , the sadistic side of me enjoys making insensitive remarks just to see the horror in people's reactions . i suppose it's because we are not rabbits . : tongue : '