' i will only type up a few , but if you guys like some of them i will link my deviantart account if my work is good enough : blushed :: pledge ( just made this one today ): troubles have been racing ... already saw part 1 of the pilot on my 3ds . not only did i like it , but i found that the main heroine was a perfect example of an infp since renton from eureka seven . good stuff , i definitely hope to ... i don't know about mischievous , but i know i am big pervert with a comedic love for the strange and messed up ... at least that's what i think when i think more carefully about who i am as a person ... nope , i mean all forms of dreaming and imagining . : 3 you and everyone can go nuts with your ideas and fantasies , i made this thread in order for others to better relate through this process . not to ... you and me both buddy , you and me both . * pats back * something came to mind that i feel i have not seen in this forum , either that or i have not looked hard enough . although we all like to talk about differences in type in terms of personality , ... i know no one has been here for a while , but i have to ask , i am a sort of poet and lyricist myself , i was typed as infp yet i am still somewhat questioning it after reading these descriptions and ... i know it has been a while since i posted here , but i just wanted to thank you for introducing me to that channel , they are good at what they do . in fact i learned how to better develop some of my ... as long as you guys like her work , please share with her friends ... maybe i might advertise some of my poetry too later . hello guys and gals . i know i am still a noob here , and still lack finesse in social forums , but this is something i have to do . see my friend from poland is planning on saving up for a trip to ... i did those things not too long ago , reconnected with friends and family , and found links to new information . it helped alot . good to know your advice just emphasizes how useful that was . i am having a case that i feel every feeler might be able to assist me in . see as of late i have been a bit too complacent and routine in most of my activities , and i feel that said complacency is ... then there is the problem . i don't have a strong feeling for anything , i love it all equally , but not enough to do it all effectively . : 0 i just have to find a way to strengthen those feelings . great advise , although i find facebook to be pointless . xd but seriously , you make some valid points , i just hope i have the will to proceed with those changes . i am pretty weak as it is right now ... hello to you the intellectuals . i am a man of great emotion , here to ask for your valid assistance . today i went to take an accuplacer practice test with around 482 questions in total . at first i ... as a fan of the atlas and this series , i found it odd no one has truly typed many of the characters from the series other then persona . if it's alright with you i would like to dedicate this thread , ... i feel a bit anxious and worried about if my family's thanksgiving is going to turn out well today . also a bit nervous about this awesome rp me and my girlfriend are doing , it's a post-apocolpytic ... well i don't know if you all will mind this but here's something that has been troubling me . as of late i have been finding little joy in the things so wonderous in life . video games , books , tv , ... this may come as a shocking revelation , but i am one of the few infp's who doesn't actually read that much . : 0 i mean i've read plenty of poetry , comics , hilarious blogs , and a few informal online ... we are all human , even though infp's are seen as good people , we still suffer from vice like everyone else . mbti doesn't exempt your flaws and sins no matter what type you are . also it's speculated ... yeah i feel that too mya . i mean the reason i stole some of those books was because i felt like almost no one would buy them and it would be such a waste to let them rot and later be thrown away . well to be fair , the only things i've stolen were occasionally books from book stores , some of my sister's cigars , and a few candies and treats which , to be fair i wasn't warned in advanced about ... i ask because i've been known to fall prey to urges of kleptomania and letting my appitite eat some of my sisters too . am i just a poor example of an infp , or am i a different type all together ? ... a random question that came to me in a dream . what do you all think ? i know it's probably not smart enough to put into this category . but i really wonder if it can become a debate with merit . do aliens play video games too . i mean if they exist they must know how to have fun with technology like that . : 3 he is , so ... who loves abridged series ? :D brainscratchcomms , extra credits , the big picture , the game overthinker , and of course the jimquisition . why doesn't anyone buy us want to talk about this ? why do the rest of you people ignore this i wonder . i thought more people would want to share thier findings on the net . so much good stuff on the internet lately . i'm surprised no one has commented on this , you really putted a load of thought into this , can we agree greece is inxp possibly ? youtube , new grounds , escapist , penny arcade , screwattack , etc . whatever series you like to watch online , list them out , give links if you can . just be sure it's exciting , and atleast pg - 13 . in ... maybe if we befriend some peeps they will come here : 3 surprised no one but us cares for this . t3t i'm no expert , but i'd say jotaro is intx for sure , josuke ( 4 ) exfx , giorono xnxp ? , and the rest of the joestars i have yet to analyze , though josuke (8 ) strikes me as intp . to my fello nf storytellers , i have a little game for us to play . being a creative , surreal bunch , it's good to do stimulating activities with fellow artists so as to improve ones creative muscle . in ... bread as an expansion . what does it mean to dream for all of you ? i've been looking to see if anyone here can type some of the characters from this anime called maria holic . mostly because i want to see how you determine stuff like this , and also because it's fun ... interesting idea . i'm sure we'll have our moment where our dreams will finally be more prominent in our lives , or maybe they do have some significance in our actions , we probably just don't realize ... this just seems like the perfect subject to me . top ten , 5 , or just 1 guy / gal , tell me why you love thier work , where one can find said work , and any tips on how to read thier books , or learn from ... daffy capcom didn't deserve to near bankruptcy . to be honest ? shit and giggles . xd but i guess i wonder if people like us that are categorized as the dreamers truly dream about anything of interest . like , i don't really dream much by night , and ... the government shutdown was necessary . xd i'm just going to leave this question while you guys debate the answer . i just thought it was funny to write such a paradox like this . xd ( don't worry , daydreaming counts ) . to those who can't dream , ... ... weird ... but interesting at least . but i was asking about your relationship with them . ea will stop making crappy games one day . i don't know if it's because i'm an infp , but ever since my family adopted lily ( chihuahua-wiener mix ) and chewy ( pure breed yorkie ) half a year ago , i've considered them my children , since i'm the ... you know your an infp when you consider your play as ' work ' , and your work as ' play ' if it's fun or ' minial busy work ' if it sucks . you also know your an infp when you desire love , but have a hard ... thank you for the amazing replys everyone . : tongue : the name is justin racine , age 20 . my interests include reading ( sci-fi , history , fantasy , military ) writing ( poetry ) , playing video games ( rpgs , strategy , classic platformers , and puzzles ) , watching ... '