' can confirm . the look is great , but corsets are an occupational hazard of being a stage actor and i have a particularly nasty one for the show i'm in right now and i can hardly bend over and put my ... see , i'm certainly not denying that some differences ( whether they be biologically or culturally enforced , and that is another huge discussion ) do exist , but applying the blanket statement because ... sometimes i feel like i should just move to an intp colony so we can all address each other in this manner and use words like poppycock . : laughing : and ridiculous societal expectations for my ... precisely . being tolerant and cognizant of differences in communication styles ( based on any number of factors ) is great , but communication and honesty is the cornerstone of mature relationships for ... haha , so true . i guess it's just my wistful nt fantasy that advice so ... pervasive and universally accepted could be founded on more logically sound principles . i detest it when the majority of people ... no offense , but ... ( especially with a tone of sadistic anticipation for the offensive thing that's about to be said ) fuck you . you know what's about to come out of your mouth is offensive and ... generally , worrying about perception of myself or about hurting others ' feelings comes out of concern that things will be made difficult for me in the future and i will have to expend more social ... i generally have really negative reactions toward both jokes and serious articles that start off if you're a woman / man , you should realize that the opposite gender means [ xxx ] when they say ... i work in a library - helping people with reference questions , specifically . i'm trying to get a job in software engineering right now , but actually i am an actor and hang out in theatres all the ... whether or not i care about things . the feelers in my life tend to accuse me of not being passionate when i approach something in a practical manner ; on the contrary - if i'm actually looking at ... thanks everyone ! you guys really are a wonderful bunch . <3 as an introverted intuitive , i definitely relate to having a very private , rich internal world that sometimes takes me to dark places i ... so , i'm head over heels for my infp partner and we live together part-time ( read : when i'm not a couple hours away at school ) . he's continually surprised that i seem pretty good at reading him . he ... theatre . so much theatre . and the description of intp's as harsh and cutting and blunt about their criticism is so different from what i'll say to people's faces . i often don't think it's my ... oh my god oh my god . i feel you . i've struggled with this so hard . love is a very rare and specific word to me , and my boyfriend seems to throw it around a lot and have a lot of adoration for a lot ... thanks so much for the hugs and the in-depth response . <3 i think both of us have come to a realization recently that he often reacts harshly to things in me that he dislikes about his own ... ... yeah , then i totally feel you . ): i may be a thinker , but i'm not a robot - i'm prepared to throw everything aside for people i fall in love with and sometimes it feels like they don't even notice ... ... i think i developed my inferior fe through having a safe space with my infp . it manifests through adoration of and concern about cute animals and through extreme attentiveness to what's best for ... i'm afraid my infp feels like this sometimes . he's gone through more girlfriends than i have boyfriends and has admitted to jumping into some bad relationships because he had the emotional need to be ... i don't get uncontrollably or even ... emotionally angry around other people . if i'm frustrated , i tend to rant and pick situations apart to my roommates , though . i see this as being ... as an intp , i'm always sorted into ravenclaw ; i've been sorted into slytherin occasionally and hufflepuff once , never gryffindor . i identify as a slytherin . although my ambitions are pretty ... i never noticed that i don't really use people's names until my boyfriend and i had a mini-fight about it ( and we're the sort of couple that never fights ) . now i use his in response to him using ... well , i know that ; i don't watch with the intent to improve--i watch because it's entertaining . : laughing : but i'm sure it does , though . i think i'd be more into games if my mom had let me play them . : rolleyes : as it stands now , i don't have any systems of my own and i suck too much to waste anyone else's time . not a fan of doing ... thanks ! he's said some rather similar things about himself , so i think i'm on the right track with my infp assumptions . well ... even more than i did before , because he's pretty overwhelmingly ... i love my infp's whimsical side . i think it's really cute , and it's a huge relief to me that he doesn't take everything too seriously . :) i'm a little envious of my nf friends ' comfort with emotions , ... to answer the titular question , most people really like me for some reason . i don't want to go into the acting theory or the class i was in , but when told to blurt out something about me without ... huh . in all honesty ... because ... why wouldn't i ? you can't not pursue knowledge .  ... can you ? o . o i think i'd have to put my fingers in my ears and close my eyes and go lalalalala , i don't want any ... oooh , that's gorgeously macabre . 8/ 10 edit : and i've realized it fits the color scheme of the little icons below it . 9/10 i don't think i'd be able to keep a judger happy . i'm super-absentminded , more than a little messy ( though the distinction between being neat and being clean is quite important to me ) , and i have ... context : okay , so i'm in a relationship right now , and it's been a little over a month ( longer if you count a brief period of fumbling in which we dated for a bit and then broke it off ) . i'm 95 % ... happy : 3 or 8 , depending on who i'm with . socially skilled : 4.5 lazy : 7 emotional : 2.5 ( i started birth control and the hormonal imbalance sent me up to like a 9 for a day . it was terrifying . ) ... excuse me while i engage in shameless behavior i learned on tumblr and tacklehug you for your icon . you're quite right about the moments of wondering how humanity even works , though . i mostly feel ... that's generally the case ... of course , there's no objective definition . i , for one , don't write because i'm terrible at it , but since i started getting into television shows ( right now , i'm ... if you spend a lot of time on tumblr ( and today we'll be talking about the fandom side of tumblr , which seems to be at some sort of perpetual odds with the hipster side of tumblr ) , you'll notice that ... i've been struggling a lot lately and i've decided i'll just see where life takes me . no way i can come out to my family as anything other than heterosexual ; i'm sure they would try to be accepting , ... wait , other people can actually tell ? o . o i've gotten to the point where i've started to suspect guys might be flirting with me in some situations , but i 100 % cannot tell whether i'm misreading ... i think the show's really cute . good for a low-budget sitcom--it's not my favorite , but in the intensifying banal , relatable occurrences to absurd levels category of humor that's central to ... mllefantinejavert.tumblr.com it's a fandom blog--once upon a time with a bit of house m . d . i find the fandom social scene pretty much the only social scene i have ever enjoyed ; probably the ... whenever i have a new idea or suddenly see something from a new angle , i jump up and walk very rapidly around the house / my dorm / wherever i am . or if i'm im-ing someone and i've just typed something i ... that's an exact description of me . especially the awkward smiles and glances . because i do have my everyone please get the hell out of my face days , but if i'm hanging around a big group , chances ... the hitchhiker's guide , of course , everything about it--not so much the recent film , but i appreciate it . any stephen sondheim lyric ; the man is a god . that actual cannibal shia labeouf thing ... crushing hard on sheriff graham / the huntsman and emma swan from once upon a time right now . i have a hardcore crush on shakespeare's words but none of his characters that i can think of . hamlet , ... i can't stand snobbery of any kind--about making sure not to listen to anything that gets radio plays , even if you like it ; about making sure not to use certain web browsers for anything , even for ... right ? ! this is the worst . i hate confrontation , especially when messy emotions are involved . of course , it came back to bite me in the ass when my next boyfriend didn't bother to tell me he'd wanted ... happy sigh . i came on this thread anticipating that i would have to defend my obsession with this show . this was the third post . i love ouat . it engages me . i'm emotionally attached to a female ... actually , they are tabs . o . o and there are 3 . yes . with ie , that's a number of tabs . sorry , i'm just confused ... i'm logged into one youtube / google account on ie and one on firefox . xd ie suffices for my lesser-used accounts ( ie . the random crap photobucket ); chrome doesn't work for me at all , and firefox is ... ... but feeler-y friends who will politely say no but then passive-aggressively ignore me . ( if i say someone hasn't bothered me , i feel that i've given up my right to be bothered and try my hardest ... oh , i've been there before . it's called living with a parent who can literally spend five hours complaining about her job without letting me finish half a sentence while still demanding that i ... yup , i use that strategy , and i'm happy to do it to make people feel comfortable ( i'm not a completely selfish person who refuses to talk about others ! at least , i hope ! ) ... but it's not ... '