' it sometimes helps to hear things out aloud and what else are you supposed to do when you don't have anyone else who has the same interests ? i also tend to follow around the person that i came to the party with - but i do try to talk to people . it's a great accomplishment when you find yourself taking part in the conversation and ... i would suggest that , as you are aware of a problem , it may be as straightforward as others here have suggested . i have gone through similar phases and am currently in a reclusive stage . it's not ... tbh , i would love to know . really . then i could decide whether to do something ( or what to do ) about it . don't get me wrong , i've been told i'm being a d * * k , or that i'm arrogant , or that i'm ... 20 questions for single intps intp single people survey 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg ... although i was born in sub-saharan africa , and raised there until i was 17 , i don't think i have the knowledge / expertise to answer such a question . i can only suggest that the challenges facing all ... that's a fair question . to be honest , when i was thinking about the op's question , i did automatically put myself in the position of someone who neither advocates for genocide nor punches people for ... if i punched someone for expressing an opinion , no matter how heinous , i would consider that a personal failure . to lose control in such a situation is not only undesirable but downright dangerous . i ... in general , city over countryside . a ) living in the countryside requires a certain level of forward planning and routine . you usually cannot pop out at a moment's notice to get groceries that you ... my isfj mum is hilarious at times . usually her jokes are silly puns or stories about humorous things that actually happened . however , sometimes out of the blue , she can come up with some incredibly ... lol ... i probably mis-attributed your familiarity of the situation ( si ) to a being a better fe user . my use of fe is also ridiculously poor - i have to supplement it with questions that sometimes turn ... nope - i agree , more modding is not required . actually at one stage i wondered whether the mods had been clamping down and that caused a bit of tension . i would have guessed ( based on temperament ... fair enough . perc is the only forum i have the time or energy to comment on so i do not have a lot of experience with forums . i did not realise that it was a consistent issue . to your point of ... tbh i didn't think anyone would take a two line comment about summoning seriously . it was humour . it was an attempt to lighten the topic . i did not actually want detailed instructions on how to draw ... what we need is to summon the ancients , perc intps from the days of yore ( pre - 2013 even ) . anyone have a summoning spell ? exactly my question - what has happened ? i thought it was just me ie the inevitable feeling of not belonging that sets in as a mere consequence of time spent somewhere . i lurk in the archives ... thanks for replying , although my comment was made in the same spirit of lighthearted banter that i thought was being used in both your comment and the op's question . i apologise if i mistook the ... it is not the love of money that is the root of all evil , but rather churches . ' evil ' is not a physical object like money . ' evil ' is a concept . churches define ' evil ' . to define concepts ... i cannot think of a single logical reason to have children and i haven't been able to since i was a child myself . i am happy to pay higher taxes , holiday rates etc as a single person so that i don't ... i saw this sketch again today and it reminded me of many entjs ( or enfjs ) trying to get somewhere in an intp forum : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHFXG3r_0B8 gossip is mostly boring and i never know what to do with the information . i do know a way to use it to make enemies fast , though . if you with people who are talking about a third person and you ... 1 . do you do it ? yes 2 . how often ? not as often as i would like - it is expensive to eat out . 3 . do you enjoy it ? i often think of some of my ex's - especially a certain one - but i would never dream of contacting any of them . it is like places i have lived or visited in the past , i very seldom feel the need to ... in what ways are you kind of a dick ? it's an interesting question ... but i can't be bothered talking or communicating right now so i'm not going to ... nope , not really . this wasn't a topic that i had much exposure to when i was young . my parents didn't mention the devil etc very much . i also found bible stories boring at best and unsettling at ... 1 . blood transfusion . save the patient or respect the families religious beliefs and effectively let her die ? save the patient . human sacrifice is illegal in my country - especially of minors . 2 ... when i was young i did spend an awful lot of time by myself and would spend it practicing conversations or imagining alternative lives ( when i wasn't reading ) . i would run through possible scenarios ... ok , this question probably needs an essay to cover it completely but i'll summerise : making friends : one-on-one i think i approach and speak with as many females as males . gender , for me , is never ... thoughts on a porta-loo ? ... none . i am usually too busy , holding my breath and trying not to touch any surfaces , to have any thoughts . at home , the ti mental landscape has no problem flourishing in ... major cities or towns : cappuccino , please ( or whatever the local equivalent of please is . if in italy this only applies before 10am - after 10am it's just ' un cafe , per piacere ' ) . rural areas : ... hopefully this is what you meant by body english : i occasionally rub my hands together and then make two quick claps when i'm excited . usually it comes after a long bout of ti - figuring something ... first off - i'm with you on all three of your items . the last one though , i didn't think was an intp trait as such - i thought that being the eldest in my family had influenced me to become more ... intp's are not good at pointless small talk . it requires us to rely on our weak fe and the cracks do tend to show . infps in particular perceive fe as suspect ( see below ) . i welcome you to the forum ... thanks for the search tip and i also find the video quite interesting . i must admit that i was already familiar with sapolsky's lectures ( his bio basis of behaviour got me through a good bit of my ... ' casual skeptic'-i like that . ' i'm a skeptic but meh ... i'm not determined ' brother : entj ( tested ) sister : enfj ( tested - but thought she was a esxj when i was new to typology . it might be really difficult to guess family members ' types when you are starting out . ) me : intp ... love travelling , hate airports . my favourite is to move to a new country and spend months living / working there . i hate being a ' tourist ' so i generally wing it when i get anywhere and avoid ... a ) what phone model do you use ? samsung omnia 7 - don't worry , no one else has heard of it either . it was the first windows phone here . got it 5 years ago and mainly because it had office on it ... birthdays are weird and i really wish i could just ignore them . that is difficult to do without being a complete arsehole to family and friends . they are usually genuinely happy to celebrate your ... spectrum of thought , if you are still reading this thread , hold on a little longer . i know that that sounds so hard to do and it seems cruel to ask this of you but you asked for intp advice / comments ... i choose the word chart because : a ) the crispness of the sound and the french origin . b ) it doesn't seem a word that would be commonly mis-pronounced / distorted by an accent and become ... i would have to agree with those that have highlighted independence as a key starting point for any of the other three concepts . the definition of independence in your op , however , seems a little ... ugh ... hugs . i'm one of those awkward huggers - i . e . always leaning the wrong way / not knowing where to put my feet , trying to keep my face turned away , releasing too soon . it always leads to one of ... stress , lack of sleep and reading the news round up before bed are a cocktail for a black mood with occasional tears . thanks for clearing that up-makes a lot of sense and ties in with what others were saying on the thread . i would submit then a teaming up of infjs with intps - you guys run any ideas past us and we ... i have very similar relationship needs to you and i agree that it's surprising the amount of guys pushing to settle down when it's more often thought of as a female tendency . i would go further to ... what a productive evening : i am a hybrid lime green experimentalist ( 75 % ) [ it sounds like i hug trees or do weird experiments on them ] to reply the thread : top five : 75 % experimentalist , 66 % ... did a bit of research because i didn't think i knew any infjs - or maybe i do , hence research . they sound like a really nice bunch of people and very rare . popped into celebrity types to get more ... this is actually quite a difficult question . social life , for me at least , is a balancing act between a desire for clarity or truth and commonsense . i do not want to lie to people and i often need a ... i think i understand what you are saying and i'll raise an opinion that i have from just travelling and living in different parts of england . london is a trap-no really . its an introvert's heaven in ... '