' i fear that i'm not an intp , that i'm actually an infp with ridiculously well-developed te . it probably shouldn't matter but i'm quite fond of the title intp and i identify with them far more than ... and now i'm uncertain again because this sounds a lot like me . this is based on the two infps i know so i do apologise if it doesn't apply to you . however , it seems to me that some infps are slaves to their emotions , which can be of exaggerated intensity . you ... the mention in my previous post refuses to work . so , if i'm understanding correctly , i would be an infp with a well developed inferior function ? sorry for being late to this . personal ~ redline or red . female location : i was born in honduras . i live in switzerland . it went : honduras -> tanzania -> kenya -> switzerland -> france -> ... i think the reason i accept that i have strong emotions is due to experience , acute self-awareness and the fact that acceptance has to come before suppression . and i go cold ... solar storm the difference you mention between infps is interesting and something i hadn't thought of because all i do is get frustrated by the power of their emotions . i only know two , though , so i ... i wrote very concisely ( and got paranoid about it because of some of the huge posts i saw on here ) so i answered both questionnaires for more context . first questionnaire 1 ) what aspect of ... intj to be active about using my intellect ... or just active in general , actually . enfj would also be cool . http://georgetheduck.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/george-pay.jpg the proof - i don't really want to be a regular intp . but the problems i have with myself may not apply to all of us anyway . i'd rather not be ridiculously shy or have to know what i'm getting into ... kikikins - i agree , though it's pretty selective for me . if i genuinely don't like the person , i really don't care what i say . but , in this case , i insulted my friends ( who i do love , i swear ) and ... the avengers . more than once http://images2.hercampus.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/630photoblog/end-of-semester-student-studying-finals-week-grading-essays_1.jpg realised after writing this out that i've collected a lot of rage since the last time i posted , apologies . people telling me that i should start “ hooking up ” with people . no , thanks , i ’ ll pass on ... ... your friends will give you stuff in exchange for you reading and improving their writing in term papers .  ... x93pulling a ( n ) < insert your name here > x94 becomes a way for people to say that theyx 92ve ... i dislike one of the people in my group of friends to a certain extent because she gets confused by the simple progression of a conversation and i need to clarify far more often than i'd like . i ... when people react badly to me asking why they made a particular decision . i'm not questioning or interrogating them , i'm just genuinely interested in their rationale . when people dismiss my ... currently enjoying helsreach by aaron dembski-bowden . forgot one of the best : invictus - william ernest henley out of the night that covers me , black as the pit from pole to pole , i thank whatever gods may be for my unconquerable soul . in ... my parents and step parents are : isfp mom istj step dad esfp dad esfj step mom my estj older brother was first raised by esfp + isfp then ( after 9 or 10 years ) by isfp + istj . this makes ... i'm not sure i can really get along with other intps . and it makes me sad . oh , if we're mentioning siblings ... well , various combinations of those guys ^ made these guys v estj older brother ( raised by esfp and isfp until he was 9 or 10 , then isfp and istj ) infp ... my friends theorise that i can only dance because i'm latina . but i learned salsa for a couple of years when i was an early teen so that's probably the real reason i have rhythm . so i can dance . ... i am struggling to suppress how proud of myself i currently am . i don't want to sound like i'm bragging so , when i told my friends what happened to make me feel like this , i downplayed it . but i'm ... i have emotional explosions due to both bottling up my feelings and / or having an illogical emotion . they don't tend to be angry outbursts , mostly uncontrollable sadness . if there is a relation between truthfulness and type , i would call it minimal . i would say ts are less likely to tell white lies to their pals and such to spare feelings , whereas fs may be more ... isfp mom ( raised me ) . istj step dad ( raised me ) . esfp dad ( some contact ) . esfj step mom ( minimal contact ) . tough to be an n with this crowd . true , i only added the don't much care because the enfj i'm closest to is very laid-back . she won't fix things because she doesn't care . the rest do . also , wow , 3 months . hm . one of my enfj ... dupree didn't mean not wanting to go out , meant not wanting to stay on the phone for longer than necessary . dupree lol , i get annoyed because i'm always doing something that can't be done while on the phone and very much dislike being interrupted . not just that but my friends will get business done ... i like pc games too , for the most part . only really need to play on pc when it's an fps though , otherwise i'm good with anything . i don't know about atmosphere . i focus mostly on plot and ... lol , it is a pisses you off thread : tongue : and yeah , it varies a lot but one of the ones i know really does have no attention span . it's quite shocking . she also happens to be the only one ... i got enp . score makes perfect sense . my parents often wonder what happened to the e :d ry : mainly creative writing . pretty good at type design , very detailed patterns . not bad at drawing in general , when i can stop being restless for long enough to finish something . trying to find a ... http://img545.imageshack.us/img545/2305/20120304215141584.jpg sceptical since 1991 . wanted to get in on the since thing . people who argue a point , acting like they know what they're talking about when it's actually all opinion , which they base on hearsay . long-term ex # 1 : isfj long-term ex # 2 : intj best friend # 1 : enfj best friend # 2 : intj close friend # 1 : enfj close friend # 2 : infp close friend # 3 : enfj i attract enfjs :p roud : http://img189.imageshack.us/img189/1188/elephanth.jpg sculpted it for my mom out of the toughest clay i've ever used . had bruises on my palms by the end of it . ... i ’ m in switzerland , i ’ m from honduras : tongue : so similar ... one difference though . my friends make this excuse on my behalf : “ but dark is so much more interesting than light ! ” ^ ^ i can't ... blind patriotism . someone answering a question before you're done asking it or accepting your answer before you're done stating it . being called when a text would have sufficed . what are your general intake on intps and drugs ? one of the intps i know is a bit of a stoner , the other is clean as a whistle and i'm somewhere in between . sometimes i think she only gets high to ... weirdly enough , all of this stuff . had to do a double take when i read them , particularly the first one . though i mostly love to draw patterns and texts in new styles . right , so ... the list i ... having a bad day because someone who used to be my friend was an ass last night . but it's not helped by the fact that one of my teachers missed a class and scheduled the make up one for friday ... richard it sucks to not have a diagnosis . my mom spent the longest time thinking i had a thyroid issue while my dad just thought i was lazy ( which i am ... but that's besides the point ) . i can ... nadjasix lol , yeah . maybe the person who figures it out will be an intp ^ ^ richard fibromyalgia . i try to avoid the name though . got tired of people arguing with me about whether or not it ... personally , i disagree with this . i think that personality type can change , especially j / p and maybe even s / n . particularly while growing up or even when life circumstances change ( e . g . a p having ... i donx 92t like to be dramatic so ix92ll try to inject this with as much humour as i can . ix92m not your usual intp x96 and i donx 92t mean that in the sense that ix92m even more unique than the rest of you . i ... hahaha , awesome . i'm surprised you know who nayl is . hm ... saturday ? probably procrastinating . whoops , infj thread : blushed : '