' i feel like i say the same crap every time i answer one of these threads but one thing that i never really noted before : if i really like you i want to delve deep down inside your head and bring ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/3fd54683e7ae835ccac5f2437aeda96d/tumblr_mlxs8qjkxU1rg3x7ao1_500.png this makes me laugh really hard every time i see it . you're not being genuine and it sure as hell isn't fooling me . man , this thread ... i will never ever question my infjness again . i feel like the threads on the main page in general today describe me to a t . yes , i speak fast and crazy when i am excited , ... i can't function : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=0pK8dplyTHM there is no definitive way i've shown my attractive for someone . 1 . i bluntly feel comfortable telling you straight out because i think you may be attracted to me too . 2 . you'll never know . i'm ... infjs , because of their strong ni are thinkers in our own regard . if anything it sounds like she might not be an infj though it is true that we come in a sort of variety . i have been told that i was ... i wish i had just thought this up but i am asking for someone ... i'm more or less curious . i'd rather not divulge the more personal details about this matter . yes , i do realize this may have been an overly-simplistic statement and appreciate your response . it personally upsets me when i see people in situations that are unhealthy for them and do not stand ... yeah ... no offense but isfjs seem to be okay with being manipulated / their spouse's puppets . interesting . i'm truly curious if the same could ever go for a female estj and a male isfj . i despise socionics but i would like to mention the fact my boyfriend is an entj and i'm an infj . so ... it may be possible that an estj and isfj relationship could work okay if the male is an ... yeah , i just assume that estjs would constantly try to control , undermine , and dominate an isfj :( ... i just wanted to know if my assumptions could be correct in a romantic relationship ! so , they are probably a horrid match , hah . everything i've bolded rings true . i'm not quite sure about everything else . if this is socionics , which i don't believe in , this doesn't mean much anyway . - what are 3 things that annoy you ? i'll answer with things that are currently annoying me : 1 . people who don't realize how much power they have to change a negative situation they're in 2 . when ... i was curious about this type of relationship yet there doesn't seem to be anything on the internet regarding these two types being together intimately . google actually kept trying to correct estj to ... i'm a leg shaker , my mom is a leg shaker , my ex is a leg shaker , my current boyfriend is a leg shaker ... i like it , especially because it means i'm burning calories without even thinking about it ... i'm the eldest . i have one younger brother , he's 16 . so , i always say i'm a night person . my reasoning for believing i'm more awake at night has to do with the fact i have pretty severe insomnia , especially if i'm not sleeping next to my boyfriend ... i was born in nassau county , long island , raised in suffolk county , long island from age 3-18 , moved to queens for college , and then moved in with my boyfriend in the financial district of manhattan ... ban hammer ? i think it's funny that you've equated caring to introversion ... i'm basically indifferent to christmas . i'm indifferent to most holidays actually but i like the time off . i really don't dress any different and i'm not more than 102lbs.he ' s so jekyll and hyde . i still don't get how a person can go from putting someone on a pedestal and treating them better than they've ... god , we just totally both need a vacation x___x . we don't get to spend enough / barely any quality time together and i think that's also really hurting us . he's become so much more critical , even ... you should really post this as an article somewhere . it hits so close to home ... to the point where i sometimes questioned if we were the same person . hehe , of course i've thought about the future , how kids will affect the situation , etc . the future is all i think about ! i need a lot of my own space too sometimes and i know there are times where ... 1 . tell me what made your relationship with an entj end ... or ... 2 . tell me what made your relationship with an entj last ... well , it's not like we haven't basically talked about it and there's a 95 % chance that he knows i'd post something like this on here though he's not interested in joining . i think what i'm ... :( . my dreams used to be interesting when i was a kid ... i don't know what happened . i'm totally late to this thread so what i'm about to say has probably been said already ... i do feel i'm complex , and it's in ways i'm not proud of , it's frustrating.everyone is unique , yes , but infjs ... well we've been living out this relationship as if each other is the one so i definitely don't want to end this and today he told me he has no intention of ending it either . it's been so ... this seems the most like what's going on with my boyfriend but it's already improved in the last few days . i've been around him a lot and it's mostly that he probably needs space so i'm going to ... is my thread not being responded to because entjs don't fall out of love ? : tongue : i'm so used to infjs responding quickly because so many of us frequent the forum . i would actually prefer an array of answers . if i just wanted one generalized response i wouldn't have made this its own thread . i'm not sure if i'm looking for advice just yet . what are some signs that an entj is falling out love / is not in love with a person anymore ? if you can , please give signs for both if they do or don't live with their significant other . i'm just ... please answer yes or no ( or whatever ) to the following : do you make random noises that others find funny ? no ? do you dislike misleading things ( ie . clowns , fake flowers ) ? i suppose in this ... i've considered making a thread about this , or at least something similar . i don't think i'm particularly beautiful or anything but it seems that men are drawn to me and yes , fall for me easily ... when you're accused of not being current or contemporary enough . when you feel totally at home volunteering . i've been volunteering at an arts festival and every time i recommend a great installation , help people with directions , etc it really fires me up and i ... welcome to personality cafe :D . i'm sure we're all glad to have you here as these are all so on point ! i look forward to reading more posts from you . - you occasionally are shocked that you're ... i don't believe i've ever personally been offended by an infj but i know i've questioned some infjs regarding their infj-dom . i also recently told a young infj that their lack of grammar irked me . i ... dad : enfp brother : istj mother : esfp i obviously get along best with my father . my best friend is also an enfp . my mother and i don't get along at all but she is also severely mental ill and ... this is ... hahahaha . i love this . go infj-entj relationships ! it sounds almost paradoxical but it's true . i still try to keep in mind it's the woman behind the man . just to clarify before any ... hehe , see ... us infjs judge ourselves practically more than others . we are extremely self critical creatures and value the idea of treating others like we treat ourselves and expecting that in ... thank you for the honest reply . he's 25 but it's true that age is only a number ... though he still is mature in many ways . i know i need to work on my harsh-ness . i suppose i may come off a ... hmm , maybe . any other entjs here get defensive ? i know it's kind of hard to admit ... okay , maybe very hard for you guys . i think i'll do an enneagram quiz on him today for shits and gigs . i think ... - don't bore them - don't talk about meaningless gossip ... ( i've gotten so comfortable in the relationship i do it anyway but ... i suggest you don't do it if you're trying to attract one ) - have ... this sounds way more like something an enfp would do and i don't even think they mean to do it on purpose or anything ! you're putting us infjs to shame :( . something i've noticed ... do , yes : be able to take blunt criticism but ... you must be able to give good criticism in return that isn't harsh . this is kind of hard for me , i guess . i think i ... '