' why are you insulting me ? i did not attack you nor did i start this debate . my certainty rests on reason but just as surely on the gift if faith , i know with absolute conviction i hold the truth ... meh , i'm kinda bored with this now ... i have angel wings across my shoulders , i'd post a pic but i can't figure out how ... [ quote = elwood 92 ; 1594609 ] i have always thought of prejudices as baseless and of not being impartial as a statement about your convictions . i ( as a person ) am naturally not impartial because i do not ... when i was younger i often fantasized about giving my life for the faith , what an honor that would be ! i might be misreading this but from what i understand you said in your last post i am not impartial . meaning you lean one way and not another . in a previous post you said you were not prejudiced , ... i still don't think that you are really impartial ; if you told me that purple horses exist and were able to prove it beyond doubt then even though i hate the color purple i would have to accept that ... why stupid ? i think it is fascinating and very stimulating . our society has lost the art of controversy . prejudice there is in abundance and sentiment too , for these things are born of enthusiasms ... i hope those teachings of the catholic church work for you , because i couldn't live with them even if they were true . i have thought about this and it doesn't ring true . you claim to follow ... however , if you mean that i should prove that there isn't sufficient reason to believe in god ... then i'll have to disappoint you , because i cannot prove such a thing ( mostly because it's a personal ... thank you very much saikick , i greatly appreciate your post . :) i will be 24 in september . i did not say that your ideas were invalid because you were close-minded , just that such a state would hinder you if your ideas were wrong . my intention was not to insult you , i am merely stating ... much as i hate to say it we should just agree to disagree , you obviously are coming into this with a prejudice against religion . and no matter how much i debate you are not open to perceiving the ... you have only your fallible human opinion as proof that scripture is not inspired . i uphold the infallible and consistent teaching of the catholic church . disprove her authority to decide which books ... love the avatar . some people think that evidence must be seen and touched , as an animal sees a patch of grass and eats it . but humans are not mere animals . they have reason , and can appreciate ... oh , my gosh ! i think i almost had an emotional reaction to your post ! yeah , those hardcore christians ( we call ' em bible believe ' n christians and even we make fun of them ) they are just idiots ... sorry if i jumped to conclusions , i'm so used to people attacking me for my faith and not understanding that i get defensive . i feel that they are insulting my intelligence because i believe what to ... no , i don't think it sounds like a fairytale , you seem very opposed to the idea that it is wrong to act a certain way . now this is understandable given our fallen nature , it's way harder to be good ... your first question i need to research , i know the answer but i'm not sure how to phrase it . i'm not sure what your difficulty is here ... do you deny that the church christ founded is the catholic ... the bible is written by man but divinely inspired by god , there can be no error in it . now we have controversy ... yay ! i must ponder your scenario of no memory of religion , i think i know what your getting at but i want to understand better before i answer . see now this is ... not that i'm trying to be an ass ( that comes naturally . xd ) , but the ' logic filter ' you speak of is fallible and i'm not so arrogant as to think that i'm smarter than god , because then he wouldn't by ... my brother hates when i destroy his ' your momma ' jokes . xd he'll tell me the joke and i'll laugh appropriately and then i'll be like , seriously though , if you think about it that's not biologically ... nothing ever happens when i get mine ... usually it just sneaks up on me and i'm like , oh crap , it's that time again . :) pff , i don't know ... damn though , that doesn't really make sense does it ? grammar fail ! ! ! the proof lies in the fact that the catholic church alone corresponds exactly to the exact religion established by christ . now the catholic religion is that religion which - a . was founded by ... the concept of god is not against reason or science . as marconi said it is a mistake to think that science and faith cannot exist together . no one , of course , believes that the existence of the ... fascinating stuff here . i am also strongly catholic , there is no other logical choice . and yes , i have objectively analyzed it and found it to be rationally sound . to give an example , how else would one account for the ... 1 . i believe it is possible that aliens exist but not probable . 2 . there would probably be alien animal life and intelligent ( human-type ) life . 3 . they don't know we're out here . ;) 4 ... i totally agree with skycloud 86 , if a song doesn't have meaningful lyrics i can't get into the ' story ' of it . and after all in my opinion , that's what song is all about ; telling a story . i'm currently trying to learn japanese and korean , later i want to try mandarin chinese . asian languages are awesome ! if i was being creative , drop a very poisonous spider in their bed while they're asleep xd or maybe mix rhubarb leaves in their salad ... muchaparadox eats flies ... one word ... sexy lelouch and l and light ( hhmm all l's ... ) are my fav anime characters ! mental or emotional pain , sometimes physical too ... damn i'm weird xd hmm , i see a lot of my favs here , coincidence ? anyway , in no particular order ... darker than black death note code geass vampire knight trigun fruits basket nana mulan peter pan tarzan beauty and the beast though lovers be lost ... love shall not , and death shall have no dominion . i love that line i'm pretty choosy about my anime , the better ' drawn ' it is the more i like it death note bleach code geass inuyasha vampire knight hmm , i'm not very good at typing but i would say l is ... i could not snap my fingers to save my life : crazy : definitely tuomas holopainen of nightwish . his lyrics read like poems , the man is a genius ... my favs are x-files , lost , buffy the vampire slayer , beauty and the beast and the beastmaster . abitsilly spike is way hotter ! ! ! xd that accent ... mmm almost all of my crushes were on fictional characters * giggles * and i've had a lot of ' em . fox mulder from x-files spike from buffy the vampire slayer renji abarai from bleach byakuya kuchiki ... a few of my favs , not necessarily in order . endless rain - x japan nemo - nightwish tears - x japan the rose - westlife sympathia - versailles ghost - gackt nakigahara - the gazette ... i once had a dream where me and all my siblings were the characters in pirates of the caribbean and we were on an epic adventure ... in our backyard . xd i do this all the time ! especially with picking up accents . and here i thought i was weird ... i love this site ! ! ! bands : nightwish x japan within temptation l ' arc-en-ciel versailles songs : tears by x japan the rose by westlife pale by ... '