' i can't punch drug dealers that would put me too close to drugs . maybe just get him to shoot me up instead ... oh fuck that'd be even worse . when you want to blow your brains out but your country has strict gun control #relatable shit . at least you're alive . a friend who i haven't talked to in a long time messaged me , and i was wondering what she wanted from me , but she just wanted to talk , and i'm all bubbly inside . i love when people do that . she got down on hands and knees , one ear against the ground . hoping to hear something , but the dirt made not a sound tonight . ehm , you do realize we're talking about people who believe in intelligent design .. reminder that some danish soldiers used to have the cross on their uniform meet at their heart , providing a handy target for their enemies . oh trust me , most people who believe in intelligent design will not arrive at that conclusion anyway . i mean , it could be used as an argument against evolution too . if evolution was really real , how ... omg it really is , i didn't look at it before now . it's a meme :) google activated almonds . don't worry , it's fine as long as they are activated . fuck pet . nothing to see here , just trying to maximize the number of watchlists i'm on . edit : also i wanted to say fuck pet , because fuck pet . how dare you add wrong ? you will never be a fully plated barbell at this rate . fuck i hate that text . especially when marxists use it to justify anti semitism . master , master where ’ s the dreams that i ’ ve been after ? master , master you promised only lies laughter , laughter all i hear or see is laughter laughter , laughter laughing at my cries fix me no future for me . same . i have a 120 sided die . if i roll 69 homwork is to be done . if i don't , perc is to become the subject's new profession . 91 . pack it up ladies and gents . now now , take it easy ! let's not be reasonable . i've watched the 11 first episodes of narcos the last 30 hours . cocaine is for losers , do smack . ah yes , i also enjoy to put zeroes on my money account as the responsible adult i am . now excuse me , i have to go do adult things and smoke some grasses . u200e0001 00011 000111 0001 11 you got to be number one and 4000 ... but i'll have my revenge . i can stay awake two days on withdrawal , and that's enough time to always be here . always . i know what all of you are thinking and none of you are saying ... but no , you don't have a chance . i'll be number 5000 . don't even try me . how did you quote me without actually showing my post ? well , anyway , i think my recommendation of opioid was very responsible , i could've suggested something to iv ... or worse fentanyl . 10 mg of oxycodone . https://youtu.be/Sph8Qu8wLAk it's a known fact that absurdism is the only school of thought that isn't swiss cheese i can complete portal without glitches in under 25 minutes now . alcohol makes you an alcoholic , weed makes you psychotic , and those pills will have you iv'ing bullshit within a year . the only thing worse would be to do nothing . i'm just counting time . counting down to what ? i don't know .. okay friend , let me explain something to you since you seem to be new here . hebephilia is not the same thing as pedophilia . i'm sick and tired of you trolls popping up everywhere and spreading ... unleashing my inner infp . https://youtu.be/m2hNp7yolW0 schizophrenia is like one of those vague poetic comparisons that people who think they're deep like to make : pretty shit when everything's considered . let's both go to heaven in a little rowboat ... https://youtu.be/jgyhB5n2QXM i feel sick i'm eating noodles right now , and wish i'd choke on them , so it's good . yeah , imagine being enslaved by an alien species that puts us in machines that just makes us experience pleasure constantly . is it not better to be free ? roses are red life is a drag if you narcan my ass you owe me a bag ~ kurd kobain you're only saying that because i have more thanks than you . i was watching tv when the towers fell . that memory stuck in my head for some reason , but i was only five . i gave up on cold turkeying in five hours lol toro de gibraltar la bodega del diablo . deletreas fentanilo ? ja ne govorim portugalski ... i have to be honest . i only thanked you so you get addicted to the feeling of meaningless internet points . see this as the equivalent of a dealer gifting you a bit of produce . welcome to the worst ... done , that's our cosa nostra oh , so you're the casa guy well , that's because they don't . normal dopamine levels '