silly bread sewer tides sheen chest smite did i say i was intj ? does it say intj above my avatar ? asking for credentials is stupid , what matters is whether what someone is saying is accurate . what i'm saying happens to come directly from ... i totally disagree . if there's one thing intjs don't lack it's foresight and the ability to understand complex systems , be it economic or political . i suspect a large percentage of the most ... dimes greek sexes posse nodes you're clearly confusing strategy and tactics . being able to react quickly to present conditions is useful , but it also makes you more likely to fall into traps since you're more focused on reacting ... feels tales yes we do , that's what we know the most about ourselves . deals i think our eyes are very expressive even if we don't like to express our feelings verbally . slime belts algae elder spice http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW_nDFKAmCo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfBOeu9m64E tears beast tiles wrist . no but i got hit on several times , to my utter surprise . the latest example was a long and deep stare from a woman while i was waiting in line at the bakery , i definitely felt a connection and i ... feeling good . tweet when you try to explain to your friends how a song makes you feel and they think you're crazy . i got teary eyes when i watched heat at 11 years old . since then , the closest i've been to crying was when i watched biutiful . i can definitely relate , i'm only moderately introverted . wait a minute , you dated her and she introduced you to her parents but you never consider her your girlfriend ? : confused : you need to try to find a purpose in life . no one can tell you what it is , only you can find that out . caspar david friedrich . http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-MRzLd6qlsK4/TwwI9xVQ50I/AAAU4/RSeiZka_8y0/s1600/Caspar_David_Friedrich_der-wanderer-ueber-dem-nebelmeer.jpg wouldn't you say that the allied forces going to war against the axis powers in ww2 was justified ? did these people really need to be dealt with just because of what they would do ? i am drawn to the philosophy and ethics of ancient warriors but i find modern warfare disgusting ( no offense to people who work in the military ) . thanks to technological advancement , you can now kill ... an existentialist tough guy . that's remarkable . was it a big store or was it a local family-owned store ? if it was the latter i would go back in a heartbeat . a big chain supermarket store though ? hmmm interesting question . my ... why are you still friends with this guy ? honesty and humility aren't seen as weak , they're seen as honorable traits . calmly explain what exactly made you angry , this is much more effective than yelling . yelling will cause me to shut down and either react violently or walk away to avoid any violence . i can totally relate to that , i too want to live in a place near mountains or forests and i also have transcendental experiences contemplating the beauty of nature . i don't know if it has anything to ... yes most conversations are boring . you can still be interested in people even if you don't value everything they have say , you can be interested in their personality , how they behave and how they ... you could be an art critic like lilysocks said or a producer .