' 1 . entjs - without fail my favorite people . 2 . istjs 3 . entp pretty much . and i have no idea . i'd prefer not to think about that , actually . besides her , i've met intps of varying intelligence . she's just the bottom of the barrel . most intps have at least a ... the only thing this intp apparently expends her minimal intelligence on is her online community of friends that talks about some anime . that seems to be the only thing she cares about . she wasn't ... i know plenty of intps that are not very smart . one in particular is painfully dull . i had the misfortune of having to work with her on a project . let's see : irresponsible , incapable of actually ... well , i'm very good at math and science . but i also am a classically trained singer , a pretty good writer ( if i do say so myself ) and i'm going to specialize in cognitive science research which is ... with my istj best friend we usually play video games , watch youtube videos , cook and talk . with my entj best friend , and my intj and entp friends i usually just have deep meaningful conversation with ... well , i can sometimes get good conversations out of intps . but it usually ends in frustration on my part . i really have trouble with female intps . because i'm mistakenly civil with them and they ... no . g-d may or may not exist . and even if g-d does exist there is nothing to say that any one story about g-d may be true . i am open to all possibilities . but that really has no bearing on how ... my mother is an isfj . my father is an isfp . there was no real collision in my family and i was hardly a rebellious child . my parents have always been very loving and very accepting of me and my ... well , you seem to have other problems with your intj , but i do have a comment about this . i ask my entj so similar questions now and then . when he says i like you or i love you or you're ... i'm going to be honest . you probably won't be able to do anything for your friend . if he really is an intj then the only thing that really works on him is internal motivation . you , being an external ... need . my social needs are fulfilled by about an hour or two of social interaction a week . i usually get far more than that and it exhausts me . just standing in a crowded space is draining and ... i spend my free time orchestrating complex scenarios designed to destroy individuals and force them to either fail or better themselves . such scenarios involve murder , torture , numerous types of ... i am generally in the middle , or as i would term it content . true happiness is a new concept for me , but i've begun experiencing it more regularly thanks to my so . i am occasionally sad and enjoy ... writer , orthodontist , opera singer , cognitive scientist ... i did have toys but i don't remember how much i played with them . ( i know i did , i just don't remember doing it . ) and while i do love building things with blocks and the like , i mostly spent my time ... john adams ( intj ) is my favorite . i do really like tr , crazy estp that he was . i don't agree with everything he did , but he was a really awesome person . well , since in high school i had to be there anyway , i just paid attention in class and did as much work as possible in school so that i could do my own thing outside of class . i mean , why take ... personal opinion warning : it has nothing to do with difficulty . getting an english major is plenty of work . however , i personally don't need a four year program to teach me to write and i think most ... i'm an intj writer , though i would never waste the time or money on a degree . i've written some poetry , but i mostly write prose . i tend toward , long works and my pieces are very character ... i cannot speak for your brother , but i find personal discussions tedious . like others have said , i feel most connected to someone when i talk about my interests as you term it . i also assume that ... it is very necessary to talk about feelings in a romantic relationship . it is very difficult to have a long term , functioning relationship if you don't . they don't necessarily need to be long drawn ... at home or at my university i do occasionally smile at people , nod at them or at least make eye contact when i'm not too lost in thought . i'm currently studying abroad in israel and have been warned ... one of my best friends is an istj . she's practically my adopted sister . i don't find her boring at all . istjs generally make good friends and terrifying choir directors . so , no . not boring . where exactly do you get that she is immature ? also , does this mean you think an intj male would be completely comfortable with a girl coming up to him and asking him out for coffee ? first of all , she isn't labeling these guys ; i am . and to be fair i'm doing it based on second hand information that i get from her because we don't go to the same school and are currently living in ... i would suggest telling him this . honesty is really important in any relationship . let him know you want to get to know him better and that you want to take whatever's going on between you slowly . if ... sex is not really the main goal in what she's after . that's a side benefit . what she's after is an interesting person with whom she can share deep , meaningful conversations . that is the most ... i'm not reading through 100 pages , so i'm going to ask my question and if it's already been answered i'm sure someone will direct to me to the answer . my entj best friend has her heart set on ... you're correct in that they use parts of virtue theory , my complaint with those is the concept of right and wrong that they employ . virtue theory predates those concepts and that's part of why i ... i disagree with the op's conclusions . i personally reject the western utilitarian / kantian / christian views of right and wrong and morality in general . for all the certain aspects of it are clearly ... i very much agree with the consensus of intjs . i don't understand the point of dating for fun . if you're going to put the kind of effort into a relationship that a relationship really needs , then why ... but at the same time you're apparently supposed to let them know you're capable , somehow , without seeming arrogant . otherwise how will they know you're any good at what you do . you have to tell them , ... learning is how we gain mastery over the world , but more importantly as an intj everything i learn ( as long as i consider it valuable ) gets added into my greater understanding of the patterns that ... i have this problem as well , it's why i try not to talk about myself when engaging in small talk . ( it's just as hard to write a resume , actually . since the point of a resume is basically to lie about ... ... i can't see how there would be a correlation between being interested in psychology and getting stoned regardless of one's type . if you're trying to figure out if this person is an intj it ... it has less to do with gender and more to do with type . sjs are painful to talk to regardless of their gender . other types are less so , but mostly because sjs are the ones who think small talk is ... i agree that it's best to let the other person do all the talking . when that isn't an option i default to talking about my siblings . i have four of them so there's plenty of things i can talk ... so , as intjs small talk is obviously the bane of our existence . however sometimes you just can't escape a situation where you're forced to make inane conversation with a distant relative or a ... you might be an intj if you saw the degradation of this thread coming a mile away even before the first off-topic post came up . emotions are difficult things for intjs . it may take her a long time to process what she feels about having a relationship with you especially since she recently got out of a long term relationship ... you might be an intj if people who don't know you very well think you're a good , kind hearted soul who is just a little shy , but the people who do know you well are convinced you're plotting world ... i agree with everyone in that you need to set aside time for yourself , but that doesn't necessarily need to involve taking the train or driving for hours if that doesn't work for you . you should ... it depends on the person and their type . you can sometimes tell just by looking at someone . ( the way they dress , how they move and even their body types can be important clues . for example , in ... not for my partner . we almost never actually end up going places because we spend most of our time just sitting and talking together for hours . he ( an entj ) is a lot more sociable than i am , though , ... i would suggest asking the professor what he / she meant in the syllabus . be direct . you can even send an email if being direct to authority figure bothers you somehow . ask about structure and format ... that is definitely synesthesia . of course it seems quite normal to your experience , so i imagine that initially it would be weird to label it as something unique . there was a study done on a ... while i've been studying abroad for school , i have had about zero physical contact with anyone . i only started to be aware of this fact about three and a half months in . i've read the literature ... at my university a few years ago . we have a cognitive science undergraduate research conference every spring and that year we had experimental psychologist and cognitive scientist edward m . hubbard ... i do not have any type of synesthesia , however i have studied it and had a chance to hear a lecture by one of the leaders in the field . that was one of the coolest lectures ever , by the way . for ... '