' lady , the person decided themselves to post here . what you are terming dirty laundry . they did that , not me . they posted a shitton of lies , for no reason . just out of nowhere , suddenly , without ... what was drawn out of proportion , and where was aggression introduced . like was said pages ago ... if you don't want the answer to your question , don't ask . if you don't want to provide proof with ... when my only purpose in being in this thread was to correct someone defaming me with lies ... then logic would follow that that is not a situation given to ' niceness ' or ' happy-go-luckiness ' . you're ... my platform being , not what you misrepresent it as , but 1 ) correcting an unwarranted defamation ( completed after first post , the asshole conceded ) but then platform extended to 2 ) when dozens of ... . . . thank you for being a human being . and thank you for bucking the social trend i said would happen before it happened ( because people are nothing if not predictable ) i'm under the mistaken notion that someone addressing something i said is awaiting an answer . it would be backwards , or upside down , for me to assume that someone addressing something i said does not ... ok ... you don't want to discuss the basis for your claim . that's fine . for future consideration , don't volunteer yourself to participate in an open question i posed to anyone in general . you ... no . the issue there is , you posted without seeing that the fight had already been over . you didn't see the posts she and i made right above your post . so , when the thing was over ... that's ... defaming someone without naming them equates to the defamation not happening at all . does this type of logic also apply to - if a tree falls in a forest with no one around , it doesn't make a ... you are all intjs . you all are based on logic , facts . does anyone who believes that my post to ponpiri was irrelevant or unnecessary , care to explain - with only logic and facts - why it was ... . . . there's a pet peeve thread somewhere in this forum . well ... this is for sure at the top of mine . there is something that really grates me about people who put on a show of being ' upright ' , ... she saw it . if you look above your post , there's been 3 posts on it . to the drama queen ... i asked him this a half hour ago , in regard to the first post i made . not the second . he is posting this ... along with other things you don't know , you incorrectly use the term ' outed ' . you imply that i did something wrong in the first place , thus volunteering to ' out ' myself . but as you can see , it was ... ok , because you are being a dramatic , histrionic little fucking baby , and posting a bunch of demonstrable lies ... allow me to correct your overexaggerating lying ass . you want to be a drama queen , to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPuA-Zun4rk . . . you have so many misadventures on tinder , that you need to call on the services of this guy to help you when you're on there : tongues : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E4WrtMuPWo well , knowing you love something , but not knowing you do before you knew about the thing ... is the quantum conundrum that we all saw so famously displayed in the matrix : tongues : oracle : i'd ask ... i got so excited when i saw this , i can't even explain haha . just gigantic smile https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/images/smiliesimport/biggrin.gif ... . the time you're referring to ... he was actually saying hi to the person right behind you . it is tiring and life sapping to continue to be true to yourself . the world is such that it will make things ( just a little bit ) easier if you weren't . but that said , i would rather go down ... . thank you . i appreciate it . that says a lot to me . i was just going to say this . i got a thing popping up saying i have a message , but when i clicked to take me to it , it showed nothing . then i checked the person's profile , and it says the last ... got a message today i wish i did not get . the worst punches are ones that come when you least expect it , when your guard is down . of course it's not a ' punch ' to them - to them , it's just ... . crossing through the great unknown a billion light years from my home my planet earth a memory as i journey beyond infinity transmission stops from years before now on my own i must explore ... i have to do what i did in a previous post , and provide a soundtrack for this :p i may as well put it ... no one else will cause no one else knows this sound that i know haha . it's the sound of ... who is it ? what is it ? - bass junkie unknown life forms - phonotronix what on earth ? - middle men experimental being - sbassship another species - mike ash alien frequencies ( renegade alien ... that's cause when you go shopping , you buy shit . i buy the gourmet expensive stuff cause when i drink it , i wanna taste it . but you know what's on my mind right now ? it ain't the coffee in my ... i don't get why there has to be all this caginess and outwardly showing one thing but inwardly showing another . i could see if someone wanted it to be ' mysterious ' , and that's why they prefer all ... . . i believe the latin for this was forum publicum : tongues : a word that has stayed completely unchanged since you know who said et tu , brute ? to the gentlemen from the senate forum haha . oculi tumidam divina : tongues : https://www.mariowiki.com/images/thumb/a/a6/PorcuPufferNSMBU.png/200px-PorcuPufferNSMBU.png also , quidquid latine dictum sit altum videtur .  ... http://easyscienceforkids.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/Venus-godness.jpg . . . . necrilia told me to tell you that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_og5hAN3ZA '