i've seen her typed as infp , but from her speech patterns and descriptions of herself and adherence to logic , i could definitely see her as an intp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kAinXyR2Fw i see her as a perceiver , i can't see her as someone who isn't an intuitive though , because of how obsessed she is with possibilities and thinking and abstracts . maybe an enfj ? i think earl sweatshirt is an intp but agree with everything else ! hi i was wondering what everyone thought the cast of arrow and the flash were from interviews and appearances ? my thoughts : rick cosnett : estp emily bett rickards : enfj candice patton : isfj ... bump . to me , felicity is intp . iris clearly lives in a world where she's dominated by her search for possibilities ( ne ) , she uses logic and her interpretation of it to chase these possibilities ... my vote is for isfp , i think it's wrong to type him based on his art , as for much of his art he was completely high off his head writing it anyways . i have to disagree with you , as i firmly have her in entp camp , though i originally started being torn between enfj and entp , but i'm happy you're enjoying the show ! open minded and emotional certainly are ! i feel as though the myth surrounding entps is that they're just intps with social skills . i feel that's true to a certain extent but not that true . higher fe ... that's really interesting ! candice patton has said that iris west ' loves danger ' which definitely lines up witht he esfp profile . however , she also only talked to her dad and her best friend for ... i feel as though iris is : - emotional : we've seen her cry three times in nine episodes , she's constantly clapping her hands together and emoting , or hugging or touching people . - open - fine in ... i guess what we have to do now is differentiate between entp and entj ? alright :) so certainly , an entx something then :) in the comics she is the first person to discover superheroes . i kind of see the show as following this , and so i do see her blog as part of the flash phenomenon , but i don't think she's trying to ... so this is interesting , i think the big sticking point here around iris being an entp is the fact that she doesn't have that typical ' nerdy ' entp demenour about her , but many famous and fictional ... so , then she couldn't be an entj ? i think entj seems to fit , but it's not actually a good fit . iris is constantly attempting to work around things and see possibilities , i couldn't see an entj being hugely into a ufo style posting ... well , caitlin has just recently gone through an extreme amount of trauma , and i think that's led to the supression of her inferior ne . when she sees ronnie again , she is immediately into the ... that's so true ! he's so eager to work with new ways to take advantage of his powers in order to work the best way he can . that is so , so interesting ! what about her warm , affectionate nature though ? can you see her having fi ? but i've never thought of that and i think i really might agree . there is another thread for the flash in general , but it seems like most people are in agreement over the other characters . however , for iris it seems as though there's a lot more controversy . my ... if in a position of power they're unbearable otherwise they tend to find me trivial but we get along okay . i thought it would be really useful to have a thread focusing on how to navigate certain situations as an intp as many threads i see are young or older intps asking for advice on similar subjects . ... after this week i'd probably go for : joe west : esfj barry allen : enfp cisco ramon : estp caitlin snow : istj any thoughts after yesterday's episode ? i completely agree . i'm not always the best at strategizing or dealing with things long term and so may as for help . but being forced into that advice makes me extremely unhappy . i think that works when the two are on equal footing . when one is in a position of power it completely fails . yes ! as long as their fairly loose eg . designating two days to one task . talk about things she'll be interested in , that you're well versed in and be open . never , ever , ever talk over or belittle her . i was watching an extremely interesting tedtalk about ' hacking ' online dating . in it , the speaker was talking about how the buzzwords for getting a male partner were ' fun , happy , smiley , go-lucky ... when infatuated i babble and ramble and blush and become extremely nervous and go in to trances of attempting to intellectually impress the object of my affections . this isn't romantic but i have an academic superior who is an istj . whilst i dote on her and admire her intelligence and logical thinking i absolutely can't stand her constant need for control . wow , i really empathise with your high school experience ! i've been lucky to have fairly humble male superiors , but my peers are a whole other story . generally it's not even romantic because it's ... well , i think a lot of it is the fact that many inxx types are extremely in their own heads . in conversations the intj i know tends to have a firm viewpoint and be offended when i don't agree whereas i don't . on the other hand , when we're together we get along like a house on fire , and when ... i tend to attempt to extract the most logical procedure for going forward and then to break it down into little pieces that can be undergone quickly and efficiently . then i try to communicate it to ... i find maths riddles incredibly fun and good for developing logic , even if you're not mathematically inclined . you can find a quite good book on project gutenberg , and once you work through that i'd ... i can definitely identify with the ti process . in classes i'll often have made huge logical conjectures that connect two abstract concepts that aren't connected and i'll share it and it'll be like ... so , i'm not quite sure from phrasing what you mean here . i'm assuming you mean a ' narrative voice ' , in the way of how you put yourself across to the outside world in structured pre-mediated writing , ... i'm curious as to why she bores you , as well . so it can be a bit of a trade-off of a conversation i suppose :) there's definitely some lack of characterisation of iris west in the first couple of ... i really can't see iris west having fi let alone , inferior fi . distilling and dealing with little niblets of information and being able to form them into a fleshed out narrative that can then be used in the real world . it's actually the opposite for me . after tonights episode i'm firmly putting iris in my entp camp . she's not striving for social harmony or everyone's feelings in the way of a fe dom . like she said ... and then ti just makes me overthink everything . when i feel frustrated because i feel i'm being logical and no one is listening or caring . when i'm very , very , very , very alone . over banal things like how much ' the lonely whale ' reminds me of ... i tend to have deep emotions , but they are internalised . i acknowledge them , and acknowledge the ways they effect me and create an action plan and sort of just get on with it . they don't ' sneak up ' ... try talking to her to discern whether you actually get along or whether you've just idealised her in your head . perhaps try to find a topic you're both passionate on ? ah . i'm pretty regularly told i remind people of luna lovegood , i assume it's demeanour and personality wise , because i'm not blonde in the slightest . i identify with felicity smoak as she's a clear ... i think if you're passionate and freestyle you'll be fine . i've managed to do well academically by choosing subjects i love and giving myself time without distractions . i look either like a lab technician ( hair in ponytail , wire rimmed glasses , white button up , jeans ) or a 50s femme fatale ( structured blazer , button up blouse , black trousers or skirt ) or something ...