' 1 . i'm not much into dream analysis , but this was something interesting because it's about two people having similar ( not the same ) dreams on the same night . 2 . i don't want copy-paste stuff from ... avoid negativity like the plague ? sounds more like 7s ! yep , they're avoiders of some kind , too , but from my experience , i don't think it's negativity that they avoid often . would you agree ... why would you say / believe so ? anything in particular that sts have that nts don't which makes them least likely ? just curious . don't tell me it's the ' s ' we don't have ! i am tempted to say yes because no problem can live with me for long - i am really harmful to harm . but to be honest , i think it has more to do with multiple other factors and not just one's ... when i came out of dragging / annoying relationship issues successfully . for my enfp pals , those issues ain't ' dragging ' or ' annoying ' , instead they're ' painful ' , ' testing times of deep love ' , etc ... don't you think most of what most of us post in here are all actually ' in the moment ' versions of some thing we've been pondering over for long , except for maybe spontaneous jokes and instant ... it wasn't a relationship issue that i was pondering ( and beating around the bush ) about . lol ! in those cases , i used to be pretty straightforward and blunt because i thought that was the simplest way ... someone i was close with ? not trying to sound like the cliched entp , but i guess this curiousity is one reason i was close to him ? i actually wanted to discuss it all with that fellow ( he's an ... beating around the bush is one thing i really can't tolerate . be it a ' feelings-related ' thing or a rational topic , after listening to a few lines , i tell them , i understand that there's something ... customs and traditions ? ? ? well , i don't know if this can be called ' customary ' or a tradition , but when it comes to dating , i love dinner dates ! i always want the guy to dress up and behave like a ... sounds cute , man ! :) where's the questionnaire ? ok , what's with having an intp for a colleague ? it'd be interesting to discuss anything logical and novel with them whenever i feel like it , but then my fun-loving side ... if you're still in regular touch with him , someday when you catch him in a good mood , just say , hey ! the other day , i was telling my friends online about you / us / childhood , and one of them wanted me ... life is subjective , in the sense how we life our life is subjective . time is subjective , in the sense how we spend our time is subjective . you and i have the same 24 hours , yet we spend it very ... i think that calling or labeling someone as ' introvert ' or ' extrovert ' is simply based on which side of them ( introverted or extroverted ) comes out more often . it's not that extroverted people never ... first of all , there's no such a thing as each others ' , is there ? shouldn't it be each other's ? would ya gimme company for the therapy ? let's go through that together ? or i'll feel bored even there ! :( ;) in my favorite subject , singing and drawing , others think that i'm an expert , yes . but i will never consider myself an expert in any area ( especially in areas of interest ) because i believe what you ... ha ha , this is definitely helpful . this definitely motivates me . yes , from my high school days , my aptitude test results would always suggest that i take up one of the following : law , journalism , ... ha ha , it's not that one thing frustrates me , so i go to the other . no . it's because the thing that hits the brain later is more interesting than the thing that i'm currently working on that i feel ... research in multiple areas in one subject , going to far off places and helping those in need and can't afford , writing and publishing my own books ( both fiction and non-fiction ) are the top few . i ... yeah , prioritizing ... my sixth sense knows pretty well which ones come first and which ones can ( need to ) wait , but ... i don't know if you're into the arts ? when an idea strikes you , the very ... i have multiple interests , my friend . and they're all equally fulfilling . i want to enjoy all . it's like having a vast spread of yummy food items from various cuisines in front of you , and suffering ... don't kid me ! i'm never the ' wait and watch ' kind of person ! either i'm doing it or i'm doing something more interesting or i'm sleeping like an innocent panda bear ( i love sleeping ! ) . it goes ... don't kid me ! i'm never the ' wait and watch ' kind of person ! either i'm doing it or i'm doing something more interesting or i'm sleeping like an innocent panda bear ( i love sleeping ! ) . it goes ... lol , i'm tempted to send this to a non-entp friend not for anything , simply to enjoy their expression for those few seconds . ;) why the need to censor ? isn't life beautiful when we're open and frank not caring a bit about what others think ? honestly , i don't intend to hurt anyone ever , but that doesn't mean i've to keep my ... that bothers you ? that kind of behavior i always take as compliments ! when i make someone fume , i walk out of the place like i've won an award and i'm getting down the stage . annoying ... interesting , so it focuses only on that one form of relationship disasters , eh , where women tend to unknowingly trap themselves in relationships where they somehow feel the need to care for their ... interesting . so for the typical entp , is it normal to get caught in relationships where they're both liking it ( because they can find n excuses for what's missing , which gives them some form of ... i'm sorry i missed reading this post earlier . this perspective certainly makes sense in many cases i know . what's the book called ? women who love too much ? i'm interested in knowing what the theme ... going out on dates with someone who seemed quite interested in chatting with you over text only to figure out during the date that they're not half as talkative as you imagined can be difficult to ... with my extroverted pals , honestly , i don't know how , it somehow works like this : yes , they and i have alot to say , but we somehow seem to know when to let whom do the talking and the rest of us ... i definitely do agree with you on us women knowing clearly where we stand with a-holes ! i've experienced that , too . with so many thoughts pulling mr . nice back from what he needs to say , thoughts ... resolved in the sense , at least i have a clear idea of the do's and don'ts now . i don't feel like it's all clouded anymore . i can see things clearly now , and from here , now that i don't feel ... that sounds really sweet and i'm not kidding or teasing ! in the age where so many people post mean comments about their so on social media in the name of ' teasing ' and several people engaging even in ... 1 . sorry , buddy , i ain't a video person . but i get the essence , yes . 2 . what do you mean you challenge me to get it done in a matter of days or weeks when it's already done with ? yeah , i jump in ... brilliant in its simplicity - aww ... sounds fairy-tale like ! :) never shared a hobby in 18 + years ? don't make me start a new thread ! i'm fascinated by this subject - what brings two people truly ... i say such statements quite often , too - i don't understand ... and what does that mean ? that means that i can clearly see and understand how someone is acting stupid , but i just cannot accept that ... i love psychology . for everything that crosses my mind , a psychological perspective would accompany . in psychology , i find behavioral psychology somewhat acceptable , cognitive psychology more ... i love psychology . for everything that crosses my mind , a psychological perspective would accompany . in psychology , i find behavioral psychology somewhat acceptable , cognitive psychology more ... what you say holds much true for me , too . i've put myself through hell in the past , then again , i've zero regrets till date because i have this weird taste where i enjoy the taste of even pain . yes , ... ha ha , thanks for sharing that ! i couldn't help laughing every time i read the words i will kill ... something because i use those words often . somehow , people seem to understand that i'm not in one ... whether the hurt is 70 % or 30 % , hurt is still hurt , yes . tell me more ! this is very noble , but open your eyes - yes , i need to , tell me more ! i'm truly glad that i get honest answers from ... i may sound like the silliest woman , but please tell me more such words ; i wish i had some entp company in my real life to make such statements repeatedly , because even in friendships , i don't know ... also , with introverted people , there's no way you can get them to listen ( no matter what it is you wanna discuss - whether it's silly or important ) unless they are in the mood to listen and respond ... i don't really know ... i'm surrounded by introverted friends , most of them feelers , too . yes , it is nice to see them opening up and when we have deep conversations . but even with the handful of ... a question in general for you entp men : when there's too much of pressure on the work front , more pressure than you think you can handle , would you like your close female friend or your girl to ... yep . that's what surprises me . he's had no issues in opening up his vulnerabilities to me , which also include some occasional freudian slip sort of crossing his own limits orally , lol . but when it ... dear fueledbyevil i'm planning to break his bones . i'm planning to order his coffin . what say ? just that i'm confused whether i should choose his coffin or must i let him choose his own ? to ... '