' i ’ m direct and straightforward to the point of being blunt i will simply state facts without any opinion but people can get offended or misinterpret my intentions . i ’ m just giving ... people assume i have nothing to say because i don ’ t talk much ask me a general question and you ’ ll get a general answer . ask me something specific and i will give you a lot of detail . ask me ... you like painstaking , meticulous work that no-one else does like counting the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle or five cent coins , doing a mail-out for 200 people ( fold , envelope , address , stamp x200 ) and ... i guess this topic has come up in my mind because i love watching sport - get so into it but i'd never play it . i think it's cos i'm not competitive . i look at the tennis players and just think if i ... just wondering if there was an mbti type ( and enneagram type ) that was the most competitive and if you could rank them ? as an istj i'm not competitive but i really could be . what stops me is that ... yes , i so do this too . yep , red skittles - i try to save them for last but they're too good . often i'll just eat the red ones and give the rest away . actually i do that with most mixed lolly bags ... well i arrange everything on my plate in a certain way . i call it the circle . for example , meat on the left at the top , then going clockwise , potato next to that , then carrots , then corn , then onion , ... you open a packet of chips , tip them all out and arrange them from smallest to largest then proceed to eat them in that order , saving the best ones to last with the wish chips at the very end . i must ... yep , i'm not a physical touch person - hate it . boundaries people ! they exist ! i feel like the touch is still there after the contact and wait till the person is gone before i subtly wipe the spot ... victoria - yay ! melbourne - yay ! the g - yay ! any footy fans here ? come on eagles ! ! ! what ? yes i know , blame a dad and brother who went for an interstate ... i have to admit when i first came across mbti and my profile name , my heart sank a little . how boring ! but then i read the profile and i was like , this is me to a t and i understood that the ... awesome posts , i'm a bit of an advocate of the love languages . it really helps you understand yourself and others ' needs . eg . you don't get offended when someone doesn't express love the way you want ... this is a place to treasure those ones . okay , just want to say , if you're going to say the compliment , there's no need to say first , i'm not good with compliments , the limelight , etc . i totally get it . the whole point of this thread ... thanks for this - i find the same thing . most compliments i simply ignore , they don't mean anything to me . some of them though make me see something in myself that i didn't see before or makes me see ... we're not boasting here , simpy stating a fact , something that is true . when self-worth can take a battering , it can be good to remember the good things people see in you ( and the things that are ... http://www.artnet.com/Magazine/reviews/lawrence/Images/lawrence4-5-15.jpg augustus schenck - anguish this is a massive painting on the wall of the melbourne art gallery and i just stand ... i know an intj christian and he is actually the smartest person i know . he always has a reasoned answer for everything and just makes me feel dumb sometimes , not that that's his intention - he just ... my sister says ' catalyst ' would be the word she'd choose since people at her work say that about her . my brother-in-law would choose the inifinity symbol because he's into physics and maths . i ... all cultures are valid ( or else they wouldn't exist ) - there are good and bad things in a culture . not one culture is right or wrong , they're just different . same goes for personality types . ... that was really fun ! pretty accurate for me - i highlighted the ones that were so me or that really helped clarify things for me . seeker - 92 % curious 100 % introvert glass half full 0/10 ... this is one of mine too actually - i just have this fundamental idea that no matter what everything will be okay ( even if it's a long time coming ) . so i see both good and bad happening , and often more ... dance as though no one is watching you . love as though you have never been hurt before . sing as though no one can hear you . live as though heaven is on earth . - mark twain i always say this quote ... it doesn't have to be true of everyone but what do you live by ? ( i'm not talking about what you think life should be about or the ideal , simply how you live - what is life about for you ? ) for me , ... thanks so much for your post - i found it very helpful . i wasn't expecting any answers because of the length of my post and the fact that each question could have a thread of its own . i think i ... thank-you . yep , i still do feel guilty for losing a friend but i realized that i wasn't enjoying the friendship and they weren't the type of friend i needed who always made me feel bad when i was ... haha , love this ! i don't blame you , you're normal . it was when i was a kid and the first time i'd ever been asked to put clothes in the dryer . i don't think i would have known how to turn it on ... for some reason i really don't like it when people say , it's doing my head in . yet i will say , it drives me nuts or it drives me mental which isn't really that different . i just don't ... i feel like i should apologize for posting most of my thoughts / questions in the istj forum . but aside from being so excited that there are others like me , i really think you should understand your ... that makes me so happy . seriously , i am actually baffled at all these istj's on here who like the same things i do and think he way i do and get annoyed at the same things i do . i can hardly ... mood : tired reason : i went to bed at 1am , because i'm a night person but then woke up at 4am and couldn't get back to sleep till about 7:30 am because my mind would not turn off . i was defining ... just wondering how closely you fit to this suggestion of type and one of the four temperaments . i'm istj and am melancholic . phleg is the second closest . the other two hardly even even register so ... oh cool , will check it out . thanks ! just want to say how great it is to read posts that i can relate to - there are people who think like me . seriously , there are no istj's in my network and sometimes i feel like a freak . people ... yes , i should do that . you know yoou're an introvert when you wish you never set up voicemail because you never listen to the messages and have a pile up of voicemail on your mobile . that's awesome - i fully encourage you to write them down ! and if work hard ( talent = hard work or a lot of hard work ) , who knows what you could do with it . i've kept journals most of my life to do the same - to record thoughts and feelings and totallly get what you mean - i get bored reading my own journals and it would be gruelling , the repitition , ... wait , are you serious ? can't tell with this writing medium . if you are that's fantastic . i have lost friends for being an introvert . one person always got so offended whenever i said i didn't ... absolutely - my friends always worry about me when we're being social together , they wonder if i'm okay , if im comfortable because they know i'm an introvert . i don't know how many times i've had to ... i find that if you get confused , it generally means you're somewhere in the middle - i hear it's a contiunuum so i'm 80 % introvert but others can only be 51 % introvert or anywhere in between on the ... the goal - for people to understand what an introvert is and that there's nothing wrong with us . ( i wrote a blog post on this but thought i'd put the main difference between introverts and ... totally get this , it's one of the bane's of my existence when i strive so hard to understand people and people just can't understand this side of me . you know you're an introvert when no-one ... when you need to spend long amounts of time hibernating to feel normal again after socializing . when you turn off your mobile all the time so you don't have to speak to anyone . i love these types of things too - questions , love them ! 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? seal - so graceful and elegant , i love swimming ... i don't know generally if istj's are imaginative but i think now which is why it is so confusing when i am so imaginative . i have to watch out that i don't live too much in my stories or creations of ... okay done a bit of research - i think it's not necessarily istj's who are writers but introverts in geneal . and indeed intuitive types tend to be common for writers . just wondering if istj's tend to be writer's or if writer's tend to be istj's ? or does this hobby / job / form of expression come from somewhere other than personality ? as an introvert i think i ... yep , loud things - vacuum cleaners , power tools , microphones , etc . forgetfullness - i don't like it in others but i am furious when i forget something . when people are late . when people look ... i just started a blog and a lot of my posts were about the inner workings of my mind which got me back into personality types and reading up on it on the net - which is how i found this site . i have ... '