' i broke the windshield . with my foot . when i kicked it . but you understand that it's more for him than for you , right ? are you okay with that ? i could never get over that aspect of te dom . it may be effective but i can see right thru it and i'm not ... damn , that was good . no quote , no reply . this topic was done a looong time ago and yet attacks keep coming ... why ? enfpeeved understood just fine ... message received by the person to which it was intended , she even explained it . this ... lol .. and then there's that . that might work on intps you know ( i doubt it ) but it doesn't work on me . wow . just wow . surely , i thought someone would pick up that i was alluding to him being a drug user . c'mon .. there's not enough oxygen in this room . i sure do love this and would like to think more people process this way . ah , i see . still teasing out the differences between fe and fi . i definitely fall in the latter category but my standard of what's acceptable is just usually a lot lower than other fe ... isn't how would you feel if .. a fe thing ? do fi dom / aux do that too ? just wondering .. lol ... i just told her to man up and grow a pair so she could be the kind of person someone would respect and you heard blaming the entj ? ? ? i can't ... this right here is likely why he's not that into you . he can treat you however he wants and it's okay . when you start respecting yourself and develop some self-esteem things will change . entjs ... right . context is key . i . e . that she allowed it negates underhanded or nefarious motives . my lexicon defines it this way : use [ verb yooz or for pt for mof 9 , yoost ; noun yoos ] verb ( used with object ) , used , using . 1 . to employ for some purpose ; put into service ; make use of : ( to ... it depends on your definition of use . i see that it is different than mine . this is exactly what happened to me . as soon as he took to action it became a irrevocable snafu . you don't realize men and women are coming from completely different places when it comes to romantic relationships even if they're of the same type .  ... also , when i said he is using her i ... nope . not game playing , an opportunity to reevaluate feelings . either way , breaking it off is still the right thing to do since he doesn't want a relationship and she does . absolutely . its an opportunity for him to discover how he really feels deep down in her absence . since he's getting what he wants with no work involved , it isn't really that valuable is it ? creating ... the best chance you have for him to take you seriously is to break it off , no explanation . but i've already mentioned that .. and i'm starting to sound like a broken record . if that's how you understand it , i'll leave it at that . he is using her for what he wants whether he states it or not and she allows it . ending the relationship by no means correlates to a continued one and that outcome should not be anticipated but is ... you are the problem . why do you keep letting him use you like this ? if he wants a friendship , act like a friend and not a girl that lets a man keep using her all up . if he has been honest by saying ... we don't do plans . if we're pressured about it : sit back , grab some popcorn and watch it get infinitely worse . it's our super power : exterminate : ^ agreed . no more 8 ' s for me . the ' intp version ' of this is not fun ( for either side ) . he pushed me into a game of one-up and i had to crush him . i didn't want to deflate and defeat , but he left me no choice . he started something ... i will do that , thanks . so true . you speak intp . no , there's no question necessarily . but i still can't wrap my mind or heart around this . i would be so tempted to just try to excuse the behavior . it hurts so bad . i'd never hurt this bad over an ... i thought he was such a good person . now i'm not sure if it was all just an illusion . i really believed in him . i still want to . there's a saying : when someone shows you who they are , believe them ... haven't they all died off yet ? ... perhaps they need a little assistance : th_jttesur : my unsolicited statement in reference to the above is : nothing is more endearing to me than fi at work for others in an entj . it's their most respectable quality and wins it instantly . my feelies got developed too , due to being exposed early in life to large amounts of irrational , unreasonable , raging histrionics and being forced into grip experiences for most of my life . agreed and ... i'm dead : laughing : wait , you're good with special but not general ? not familiar . one is 5th element : wink : after noticing uncanny similarities , a thoughtful friend suggested i check it out . it was like looking in a mirror . as long as they have a cat we're good : ball : i can't do tv either ... mostly just for background noise . right . they're usually wrong and not just a little wrong ... like , a multiverse away wrong . : confused : the mbti is listed in descending order ... just about everywhere , even here . intj -> esfp you've just proven my point . i can count on one hand the movies i've actually enjoyed . : bored : i can't stand movies . i mean i really can't stand movies . so boring . i've yet to have a good experience with an infj . i had one as a therapist once and it was torture for me . she couldn't keep up at all . their imagination fills in a lot of things they just can't ... i don't watch the star wars either . : hugs : hey man , whatever floats your boat : kitteh : i quit reading after this post because she nailed it . op is very immature and not ready for any kind of serious relationship . he's delusional . there is no perfection ( op included ! ) and it will be ... most end up with infj / ps . what's to wonder ? '