' i am not looking forward to my girlfriend / fiancé going off to a university 300 miles away . she is going away next month . from 2 weeks ago i have become overly sensitive and a nervous wreck , way ... god mode man : error only works when dead a lot of people get the impression that i am just silly and that i am talking rubbish , but when they actually start talking to me properly and querying what i know they are actually impressed with my ... i don't do anger , i do revenge :D sounds a bit like me xd your mum is like a shotgun two cocks and she is loaded . your mum is like a mosquito , you have to slap her to stop sucking . i would say you have your dad's eyes but your mum has slept around so much ... i agree with you guys so i have noticed something which astounds the majority of my peers . i can get away with a lot of rulebreaking . i break rules that i don't think are important . a teacher or member of staff would see ... i like the sound of that ;) i have drunk alcohol , smoked weed , taken mdma ( ecstasy ) and od ( overdosed ) on 6apb aka benzofury . i loved them all ( except the latter of the list . the thing is i was interested in discovering them ... as long as it supported my ideals and i knew it would not spin out into a new stronger enemy . a big face palm wouldn't be adequate for this thread . personal energy . sure that exists . it is our natural instinct to be able to judge people in split seconds . it is something we have evolved ... a new girl with new rules ! we both are advocating for a poly relationship , she is dominant where i have found that i rather like being submissive . she has also done bdsm where i haven't but am ... well i dumped my girlfriend because we couldn't give each other what we wanted . ( she wanted commitment and a serious relationship ) . on to a new game and it is oh so interesting . i wouldn't think so . maybe more juggling involved but from the people that do have poly relationships it sounds like they love it . well i am not exactly testosterone filled . just enjoy the ... well i would be cool with my girlfriend going out and kissing other people , i mean my ( ex ) girlfriends have taste . i don't see any moral problems with kissing other girls when in a relationship . i am ... i may have to consider doing that . it would be way cooler ... i am , and have , gone out with awesome girls . when i do have a girlfriend i find that it is super magnetised and there are sparks . when i am , after the initial exploration of them and hanging out , ... being a rebel is too mainstream for me xd hahaha ... here is a wet suit . tell me if you see any of them down in the deep blue ... i alternate depending on the environment i am in . if , by partying , you mean dieing of malaria and dehydration ... then yeah sure :P i don't find it funny . warning : being around me for prolonged periods of time may cause lapses in confidence , judgement and sanity . i take no responsibility for any damage caused to yourself , belongings and or ego ... oh , i despised english and can totally relate to him and remember how much of a pain in the ass i was about it . the only thing that worked for me was the certain teachers that taught me . i had some ... ok , i am back . try this , get him to write some stories and push him to be as symbolic and metaphorical as possible , just don't tell him that directly . get him to read some douglas adams , the ... long boarding reading debating finding new bands to listen too philosophy thinking in general procrastinating instead of doing work well , if he is an entp , as you would know we are notorious for arguing for the sake of it . i believe this child is probably the same as me when it comes to english and the seemingly phony symbolism ... ha ? want to hear a joke ? womans rights . my girlfriend called me a pedophile , that is a pretty big word for a 10 year old . my colleague said to me you couldn't see your own dick in the shower ... we can be polarising , where people will have an opinion about us . there generally isn't any margin of indifference . i find that our personality is a natural filter for finding the right crowd to ... well , occam's razor dictates that : the invisible pink unicorns got pissed off by the tax evading airline the airline is actually run by a bunch of fairies and so it's obvious that the plane is in ... i think that we can act stupid to mess with people . we do it for fun and quite deliberately . we are smart asses , naturally . i think the trick is for us not to be egotistical . i'm not religious , christianity isn't a religion , it is a way of life ! phahaha just phucking with you all ... ^ ^ ^ that is just something my mum would say to me . i smell some bullshit in the air ... or maybe it is your mumma xd i think the op is talking out of irony or ignorance eitherway = = > xd what he ^ ^ ^ said ... it is a bad idea ! i love chess ... and i am awesome at it ! mdma tends to open me up xd i do not care if there is anyone is in the toilet ... as long as they do not come for my ass ! infps ( well the ones i have met ( my count is about 7 confirmed infps who i keep in contact with ) get offended easily , rather emotional , won't admit that they are wrong under pressure , terrible at ... because of discrimination and for ' safety ' ( for either or both parties but generally for the females ) . probably stems from when women used to be unequal to man and were not allowed to be in ... i shouldn't think so . i think that we want the relationship without the feeling of being caged or trapped . even the thought of not being able to be free at any time is a bit daunting or at least that is me . that is why ... no , a complete mess . but i haven't cried in about 2-3 years so yeah :D the test is complete . here are your results ; scores are between 0 and 4 . traitscorepercentile warmth 2.6 / warmth is how nice to people you are . [ more ] reasoning 3.3 in the future we will have more bioengineering , and incorporation of technology with our bodies . we will still have a shit ton of wars and fighting . electric hybrid cars will be in the majority ... curiosity didn't kill the cat , the neighbour did ! pretentious douche what you going to do ? caplock me to death ? i am not wrong , you just can't comprehend the method in the madness i am ... 11 : pretty oblivious about social cues , never really needed to know them , just was that person that walked up to people and started playing whatever they were playing . 11-14 : got beat up a few ... if you have loads of trees around you , make an obstacle course with swings and stuff ^ . ^ or weave it to make furniture or hammocks . before you read this there are a few things you need to know : 1 . i am 18 , to you with intellect this shouldn ’ t be an issue or a argument . i hate ageism , it is a pathetic way of reasoning ( unless ... '