' what do i like about infj's / being one ? the ability to still think like a child , even though your perception and analysis sometimes gets in the way ! “ the truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it . ” ― flannery o'connor trump means something entirely different in english useage as opposed to american useage . that said in answer to earlier posts hitler gave i . d markings to both jews and musilms . the jews got stars ... i see socialism as less of a solution and more of a load of shite all religion is absolute bollocks . did the citizens of northern ( and the republic of ) ireland bring misery upon themselves for believing in a false god in the 1970 ' s and 80 ' s ? no . the issue was ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? english , russian , french and some welsh and scots gaelic do you like learning languages ? yes what's your mother tongue ? english is your ... lighten up , while you still can don't even try to understand just find a place to make your stand and take it easy ... what is your theory for how earth was created . ( the planet , not the people or things on the planet ) by clouds of dust left over from the nuclear startup of the sun colliding over aeons of time ... isn't rap usually spelt with a silent ' c ' ? slow city ! actually , 50 shades of grey is just shit . a wise man knows nothing . i , of course , did not know that ... having read all of the posts with interest and having seen the film , i have reached the conclusion that american sniper's real problem is that it actually isn't very good . beethoven underwear or commando ? let's enjoy the smell of our own infj farts . al stewart - time passages jack johnson - to the sea deep purple - machine head joni mitchell - the hissing of summer lawns beatles - white album this song isn't a love song . it sums up life's ultimate futility for me , yet leaves a feeling of hope for us all . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lahaDgsW6ak another infj ... i thought we were rare ! ! welcome to the house of fun ! well in roland i'm quite a bit older than many of the posters here and so have had this going on for quite a few years ! one area i have struggled with is people assuming i have knowledge / skill / attributes at ... what have i found that works ? slowing things down . when things begin to overwhelm , take time ... maybe a few seconds , maybe up to a year , depending on the size of the issue to centre yourself , ... i have posted this elsewhere but i think ( hope ) it stands repeating . the vast majority of people live , literaly , inside their own heads . should they encounter a new person , situation , experience ... word based scenarios that play out in my psyche but almost never come to pass in reality ! al stewart - time passages '