' lol . that actually works but i do not want to be fat at all . if i didnt have a problem with being fat then i would live like that . i dont think about other woman when i am home or with my wife . i wish she could be by my side all day long . whether you are married or not you are gonna have ups and downs . nothing is ever perfect . you say that if i keep doing what im doing to every girl i meet then im not in that stage . what is it that ... college age ? i didnt know there was a college age . ive been to several college programs and there were people of all ages there . i didn't say i lived in the dorm . lol im 30 yrs old . most of the things i do aren't considered normal to most people . i tell my wife when i'm checking out other women . i say hey baby , look at that girl over there . isn't she hot ! . a lot of times ... i wish i had said it like that because that's how i feel . it wouldn't bother me . that's already been programmed in my brain like it happens all of the time ! lol ! i did that so i can be able to cope with the negative thoughts of that . i've already pictured the most dispicible ... how do you know i never talked to my wife about this ? what is with all these rules you have anyway ? is everybody supposed to do what you think ? you dont know shit about me or my wife to even say ... whoa ! ! dude ! ! that wasn't nice . why are you so quick to throw stones ? i never said i act on my thoughts . my thoughts aren't even negative . i posted this with the intent of dealing with my issues ... i fall in love easy and she fell in love with me as well and showed it early on in our relationship . every other girl i was with before her did not even really get to know me . my wife had a grasp ... i have a hard time getting through the day because of this issue of almost falling in love with every woman im around . i notice something attractive in most women . its not just a lust thing . its ... everyday is a reminder of how different i think and feel . i wake up positive and ready but i just get let down by the end of the day . i try new things but i end up in the same funk . i talk to ... i went out with some friends one time and i began to notice some bad vibes towards the end of the night . i totally exhausted myself from socializing all night . i really made a conscious effort to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wknTVj1fdFQAny infp observations ? kiss in the 70s same here ... hell yea . every time i get smiled at i try to smile back but it just doesn't work out for me . it feels very awkward . most people think that i am tired or high most of the time . i am an only child and i wonder if that makes it even harder for me to connect with others on a deeper level . even though i see my family members all of the time i don't feel any type of bond .  ... i am always staying up real late doing some type of reading or research . its like my mind goes on overdrive when i want to go to sleep sometimes . if i have to get up at a certain time in the ... back home again - cinderella judas priest - breaking the law king of the night time world - kiss love gun - kiss strutter - kiss sure know something - kiss lick it up - kiss looks that kill - ... vinnie vincent http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6G85637slQ&feature=related march 12 pisces i only play sports games . i play baseball , basketball , and football during their seasons . i always play a full season in regulation time . i always play with the same teams . i have been playing ... i have looked at pictures of myself on facebook and i noticed i never repeat any look . my look is always changing . i never keep the same haircut for a long period of time and i always find a new ... what did you say ? i cant hear you . you look tired . why do you sound like that ? did you just wake up ? you are weird . can you turn the music down ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoOSbL8afEUVinnie vincent invasion i feel like i can read when people are being genuine or not . i sense different ( but not as obvious ) things about people that others don't . is this an infp thing ? i started with the keys then i self-taught myself guitar , bass , and drums . i got some books , looked on youtube , and did a lot of internet research . the guitar is the only one i play on a daily ... my intuition tells me that people are always nervous or insecure with there actions in some sort of way . is this common among infps ? i have not been into rap for about 3 or 4 years now . its too common . everybody is into it . i'm into 70s and 80s glam metal . for me , it might be a new haircut , or going to the gym often . or maybe getting some new clothes . : wink : i hate the word swagger though . everybody uses it too much . i used it because i know it is mainstream . if i was to use some other sort of slang , nobody would get it . it's different for everybody . i would have to hang out with you to know what it is . seriously , i am not here to bullshit i want everybody to feel good . lol @ a too much upper body workouts . man , i know the feeling . once you get some you are gonna do some damage . lol [ quote = molock ; 507673 ] i think that you need some rest . tired of all the bullshit man , you guys are killing me . i wouldnt respond to you like that if you were trying to seek out help . i am not trying to insult anybody or do anything negative . i am just expressing myself ... and who said it was a question . yeah you definatly know it all everybody is a smartass . it wasnt even a question it was more like a thought . i thought i was gonna get props from the infp family but this is no different from the outside world . stop hitting me with the obvious . what was the point of even writing that . cause im a guy , no shit . lol i've been only on that glam metal for about 3 or 4 years now . before that i was listening to hip - hop and r & b . i could only stand that stuff when i am dancing @ a night club now . 70 ' s and 80 ' s glam rock is like the only thing i want to groove to on a regular basis . i was on the bus today and i was getting the eye from two of the three girls that was sitting next to me . i said something and they dismissed me like i was some weirdo or something . is this common ... man , im scrambling big time . no future in that tho so i have to get to something but i don't know what . [ quote = milkylatte ; 506212 ] attractive women are attractive to heterosexual men , infp or estj . : happy : of course , without a doubt . i just haven't felt the same amount of excitement for the opposite ... [ quote = mrrandom 88 ; 506431 ] that you in your avatar ? if so , i too rock the bandana ... in fact , at this one party with a group of close friends i busted it out when i was drunk and , ever since , they too ... wow ! ! ! i wonder how you define stupid . i never feel stupid but i always feel misrepresented . i dont even think the atmosphere matters . it has got to be the public . i would feel fine in almost any environment as long as people relate to me . '