' i feel like i have to initiate alot of conversations , but that could just be an effect of wanting to communicate intutively in a sensor-dominated society . some people straight cannot carry on even a ... myself ? tremendously . i'm not the best at utilizing it continuously , but i have a huge affinity for proper language and grammar , backing up opinions with facts , identifying variables within a system , ... the only time criticism gets to me is when the deliverer pussyfoots around the issue so it won't hurt my feelings . it feels really condescending . i lift 4 days a week . i have a pretty specific routine that i follow , but i love being able to freely deviate from it in small ways . the people don't bother me , i just put on the thousand yard stare ... i never really put it down all in one place , but i'm quite happy with the diversity in this list . these are all the people outside my family for whom i would lay down everything at a moment's ... again , i have to disagree . while you can boil it down like that for many , if not most men , this doesn't personally apply to me . to be blunt , i'm an attractive lad and can be charming when i feel so ... hold up , i really have to disagree with that sentiment . from what i've seen , men are attracted to promiscuous women in the moment , but generally wouldn't seek to date one long-term . guys want to ... i'm right there with you . i dig strong women and i'm not even slightly bothered by the other guys a girl has been with . while flirtatiousness and promiscuity can certainly have roots in insecurity , ... i used to steal lunch occasionally from the place where i worked . my values were tread upon enough that i felt it was my right , so i found reasons to justify it . i would steal anything from ... http://www.sprintusers.com/wallpapers/uploadedfiles/101706wolf%20and%20owl.jpg yeah , writing this out made me realize i've been on the other side of this more times than i'd like to admit . the word repulsive has an unfortunately pejorative connotation . people tend to ... dear enfp , leave me alone . please . we barely know each other and you are suffocating me with attention . i've tried to explain why i can't give you what you want , but all you've inferred is , he's ... i've learned too that a dysfunctional family doesn't have to be abusive . your parents sound pretty much like mine as far as the mother-father dynamic goes . my mom has terrible control over her ... any of yall do this ? i've stepped outside to enjoy a cigarette and a song on my phone real quick . it's great . i'll get back to it in a second , but it's nice to take a breather . i absolutely hated being the only one at my all-male high school to test infp . i felt like i was lacking all these coveted qualities . any trait , if well-developed , can be a positive thing you ... my intp friend has a strongly negative view of tattoos . essentially , getting one makes you one of those people . it becomes symbolic of the lack of success you will achieve in your career , even if ... i have a hard time setting goals . i have a hard time believing that people respect , let alone value me . i have a hard time pretending to be enthusiastic about parties full of strangers . i ... i hate to sound like an old fart who just rejects the new generation's culture ; that's only like 25 % of what's going on here . these shows are objectively poorly written , simplistic , and uninspired ... do you consistently score almost exactly in the middle of any of the four dimensions ? how does that show in your personality ? why do you still identify as an infp ? i test 50/50 between thinking ... this makes me smile . i think we agree completely and are more or less just describing our nuanced interpretations of ambiguous cultural slang . my definition of the friend-zone is that unhealthy , imbalanced relationship ... i've put girls in the friend zone before , but i'm always very up front about it . i can't stand people who sense or even know there's an imbalance in perception , yet continue to cruelly leech off the ... i think this rings true with a number of us , myself definitely . it's kind of funny ( sad ) that 50 years ago , this was normal . generation y can't handle the lack of superficial attention . that's a good way of putting it . the friend zone most certainly exists , but it's not worth dwelling on . some girls are just legitimately not attracted to you , ever . the others make a decision not ... being overbearingly nice or helpful is the fastest possible way to push me away because it creeps me out to my core and infringes on my personal space . even if i do secretly long for someone to ... lawl . did you guys ever watch the tom green show ? one episode , they found out his co-host , glen had a shy bladder , and they just followed him around with cameras all day so he couldn't go . ... i don't think i could even begin to describe the profound effect wayne's world had on who i am as a person . excellent is one of my most commonly used words . i also learned it was okay to say ... i hate money . it's such a human abstraction that ultimately means nothing to me . i live a pretty simple life , but i still spend way more than i should . and i just . don't . care . the notion of ... just guess ... <--- you like books for the same reason i like vinyl albums . i should read more , but i struggle with comprehension . it takes a certain type of writer to captivate me . i feel extremely guilty because i would love to volunteer with my old scout troop , but two hours once a week and one weekend camping a month seems like too much to commit . even though i did it for 7 ... that's totally what it is about esfp's . i feel like i have nothing to offer just because i don't have a million new friends and activities to share with them . the ones i know also tend to avoid ... interesting . my problem completely vanishes with the addition of alcohol . put three beers in me and i could pee in the middle of a packed football stadium . actually , wait . i can recall certain ... i wouldn't hate it if people didn't wildly obsess over it . i'm sure it's not as revolting as some people make it out to be , but come on , it can't be that good . i stopped at the 5th harry potter book ... i can't pee in front of people . i've also never met anyone who suffers from this worse than i do . i need a private stall or at least a 10 foot radius of personal space in a public restroom . i had ... the only true stereotype is that we are all introverts who prefer to intuit , feel , and percieve . even then , you can't jump to conclusions about any specific trait because people don't always follow ... most people who meet me initially , if they were versed in mbti , would peg me as an esfp or an estj depending on the social situation . i can relate to feeling lost after seeking change in myself . i ... i am not so dense . if you'll notice , i used the phrase choose to remain single as opposed to not want a relationship . i realize most people have that longing inside of them , even if it's quite ... this is the reason why jobs in retail , sales , or service would be terrible for me . i can fake a smile for 10 seconds ; i can't fake being expressive in general . i really hate the word ' quirky . ' it's covertly condescending and sounds like a word a toddler would make up . i bite my toenails . i don't wear any type of underwear aside from plaid boxers . i ... esfp . the good heart in the moment makes the overall inconsiderateness hurt even more . genuinely full of love and joy , but shockingly narrow-minded . i like all these answers ; pretty much exactly what i wanted hear . i have pretty tough standards myself . i admire principled , independent women who use their brains and aren't afraid to be direct . i ... irony wit rebellion wordplay intelligence brutal honesty self-loathing physical humor aggression failure i am not a competitive person , but i'm extremely competitive in appropriate settings . getting really into a game is a fun way of engaging my sensing side . why would a cool , beautiful , funny , sharp entj choose to remain single all through college ? ( she might even put choose in quotes like i do for myself . ) she has a lot of close platonic guy ... hardcore and pop-punk - where do these belong ? they don't quite fit under rock indie or metal . i love both genres because they're real . many of my favorite bands aren't famous by any means ... i lift weights after work most weekdays . i was never very athletic growing up , so i love the feel of how all my various muscles work together in a particular exercise . my overall motivation is the ... i can't seem to stop learning this lesson : if she shows interest , make a move quickly or you get friend-zoned . i open up slowly , so it's really tricky . be careful not to let that feeling side ... for years , i could talk myself into it . mental checklist of accomplishments . quick smile in the mirror . the usual blather about opportunity and the future . meh . good for a night , but made no ... the only phrases i consciously avoid are ones that a stupid person would say to try to sound smart , or similarly , phrases that a boring person would use to try to sound interesting . i draw a mental ... '