' in this hypothetical scenario , you're dying of something , some disease or whatever . the details aren't important , just that you are definitely going to die fairly soon and have no way of preventing ... popularity ; everyone wants someone , or in most cases , as many people as possible to listen to them and know what they're thinking . it's why social media is so successful . i hate the idea of people ... the first thing i really wanted to become was a paleontologist , and that also lead to studying modern animals and so i also eventually wanted to be a zoologist . both of those require a fair bit of ... i find organizing things to be very useful and time saving when working on a lot of things , but beyond that i don't care about having things in a particular order or being overly neat and clean . i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0c_1XKJUSQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ERYq_enBRI my previous job was my own business that i started , making high-end mechanical watches that i designed , and i did repairs on the side as well . my only investor turned out to not be who he claimed to ... if you mean some form of verbal confrontation , then i either ignore it , or immediately respond with something that makes the other person think about the situation or whatever argument they're ... when i was younger , i used to just break things or get into fights with people if i was really angry , which wasn't that often , but when it happened i would make a big mess of things . now , i actively ... i made more than double that before taxes throughout the year and a half i traded , i never kept track of the hours though . it was still extremely boring and i can make nearly as much doing very ... seems you're aware of two options ; get some sort of education for a better job , or relocate and drive parts to a mine , which means ending a relationship . which highlights one of the problems you're ... the only generalization i've read about istp career choices is that they generally tend to stick with using their hands in something technical or mechanical . i easily fall into that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4vRX4S16BE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQyjS_Zr23s well if you really think he is an istp , then again , just from my own personal observations of my own life . one thing i never respect much are words that aren't backed by anything , so simply saying ... that sort of behavior doesn't sound normal for anyone . i don't think that's even typical istp behavior , to interrupt people and not listen to them . that's basically the exact opposite of typical istp ... i'd agree with the others that having some sort of goal would probably help , whether it's to eventually be able to do something or to simply have an enjoyable experience . i've always done a lot of ... the only thing i could think to do in his situation , where i felt truly and honestly mistreated ( and regardless of the actual circumstances , that must be what he feels like ) , then if i were him i ... i think a lot of people would assume i'm narcissistic as well , i don't care enough to try and prove them wrong . i'm probably the least superficial person i know though , and i'm well aware when people ... freedom would be my most important value . second would be privacy ; there's a layer of stuff that i am perfectly willing to talk about , like my work , hobbies , interests even many personal details ... that honestly might be what he really needs to do , to just accept things as they are and do the best he can with what he's got / given . that's not as easy as it sounds though , and i think it's ... i stopped having nightmares before i was 10 since i started to realize when i was dreaming while dreaming , so regardless of the circumstances of the dream i wouldn't be scared and eventually just ... yes . at best i'm indifferent towards nearly all people . generally when i get to know someone , i usually realize that i don't like them , and then i come to the conclusion that it was probably better ... - do you harbor an emotional trauma that you consider detrimental to your development as a human being ? if so , what is it ? my dad used to beat me as a child , but i don't feel like it ever stunted ... 1 ) for how long have you been working in the industry ? is fakeness of people the major factor factor you dislike and makes you want to leave it ? it was a combination of things , mostly the abrupt ... if i went with my gut i would have already went to a recruiter and signed up for the army . my gut instincts don't work well in broad hypothetical scenarios like this . if this were a more physical and ... i used to do all sorts of crazy things when i was younger , one thing i really loved was mountain biking down hill , winding through trees and rocks . i remember when i lived in upstate new york , there ... the problem isn't just random stuck up people , that would obviously be a ridiculous reason to want to change careers . it's very complicated to explain it without going into exact details . it's a ... i can relate to this . for some time i tried putting effort into being more interested in other people and their problems because i felt the same way ; that i was missing out on something , but ... i think i'm on the side of having just been who i am from birth . i wouldn't say i had a perfect childhood , but i don't think anyone would say that . at the same time , i don't think any particular ... i wasn't doubting myself , just thinking about it realistically . if you self-publish , then you also need to support yourself while you're writing , which means it wouldn't really be a career change , ... yes , i'm well aware of the commitment . there's enough variety of things that can be done in the military that i doubt i would get bored though . the issue for me is really more whether i would ... i didn't realize sexual assault was so prevalent . i know a few people who have served and are still serving in the military and i haven't heard anything about this from them , but maybe that's because ... i don't know if i want advice or opinions from like-minded people , or just want to vent . however , whatever the reason is , i feel like i need to talk to someone but don't really have anyone to talk to ... you should actively look for a job that allows you more freedom if you're so bothered by following rules . i actually haven't heard of this book , but it sounds like a good read . i just know this stuff off the top of my head , i used to read the primary source sets on the library of congress website in ... that was the first book i read in my life , i highly recommend it as well . it's strange how most educational systems seem to work that way , it's all disconnected . these programs should inspire people to achieve the greatest goals possible in whatever field of study , real ... personally , i think it would be fun to work in a museum , or travel to weird places and study how people lived / live there . anthropology actually sounds a bit interesting . there's no reason why it ... there is no istp linear path . i think people ( especially around here ) place too much significance on these type indicators , they only describe a small part of the way someone thinks and makes ... i agree with this , i love my work , but there are small parts of running my own business that i don't like , even when i have a business partner that does most of the business stuff . when i need to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFBgdSNGieQ if you only have 2 semesters left , why not just finish it and then go off and do whatever you like after ? i personally would hate to waste all of that time , because you're not going to get it back , ... i'm primarily an istp , but i share similar traits as an istj and have tested as having a secondary type being istj . learning completely new concepts is a bit difficult for me sometimes , i ... when i was a kid i would be very emotional at times but only when treated unfairly by other people . i used to be very reckless and ended up injuring myself more times than i can remember , but i was ... next you'll be saying santa and zeus aren't real . i'm not disappointed with my life , i've given up a lot and lost a lot of opportunities because i refused to live in a way that i wouldn't be comfortable with , but because i gave up so much , i'm ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOa0-8_oDsY an old picture i found while looking through an old photobucket account from when i was still in watchmaking school . don't i just look so friendly ? ... i don't think anyone has mentioned the snooker player ronnie o'sullivan . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kt2b4aq-7-I '