' monogatari series araragi koyomi : intp araragi karen : esfp araragi tsukihi : isfj oshino meme : intp oshino ougi : entp oshino shinobu : istp kiss-shot : estp er ... my dual-monitor setup . i like my pc clean . http://i.imgur.com/wS982PP.png gochuuman wa usagi desu ka ? ( is the order a rabbit ? ) - cocoa hoto : enfp - chino kafuu : intp - rize tedeza : intj - sharo kirima : isfp - chiya ujimatsu : ixfj ( infj ? ? ) just the main characters for now ... nanana's buried treasure ( in order of appearance ) - kasumi konjou : e ... n ... t ... p ? ? ? not a clue tbh - nanana ryuugajou : esfp - shiki maboro : isfp - juugo yama : xstp - yukihime fugi : istj ... a ) galaxy note 4 b ) right hand c ) ( in order of most to least often ) texting , email , college assignments / planning , reddit , wikipedia , gps d ) whenever i'm not in class , driving , gaming , doing ... i come to this forum on-and-off . sorry . - _ - not sure if this one's been done yet . it's interesting but ridiculous . no game no life ( in order of appearance ) sora - entx ( shows attributes of both ne and te quite a bit ... hard to judge , maybe ... initial impressions of another main characters : - emo dude ( kouichi sakakibara ): infp - emo chick ( mei misaki ): intp relatives : - it's so hot in india ( yousuke sakakibara ): entp - probably the ... eh i haven't seen the show in a while . istj makes sense i suppose mai - i don't really see se in her , but throughout a good portion of the show ( iirc ) she kept having visions of some sort that ... ... misa ( esfp ) , rem ( infj ) , matsuda ( enfp ) , mikami ( isfj ) , mello ( enfp ) , light's mom and sister ( not really much screen time ) , potentially watari as infj ... bmi : 19.0 . gender : male . weight : 125 lbs . height : 5 ' 8 . is your weight currently steady or undergoing changes ? steady . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKZ2PLTPYP8 my take on ghost hunt . mai taniyama - xnfj ( probably an enfj with overdeveloped ni ) naru ( kazuya shibuya ) - intj ( has the stoic , analytical and rational trope down , separating him from an intp ... yes , actually , but this was to my surprise a few years ago . i didn't particularly care much ; i learned later that my friends thought this of me as well , but didn't care because they appreciated my ... i had a fairly enjoyable childhood , actually , i was pretty fortunate now that i think about it . i was more ignorant i'd say , i didn't take note of a lot of my family's problems ( i . e . parents ' ... being manipulative isn't restricted to extroverts , and isn't unheard of in unhealthy intjs ( and judging by his obvious god complex , he is an extremely unhealthy example ) . not only this , but ... light has people skills , yes , but he only uses them when he needs to either use someone somehow or he needs to sway their opinion of him ( i . e . when l thought he was kira ); he spends the rest of his ... you're right , but since he was referring specifically to the fact that intjs fit their stereotype amongst their own voters , what i meant was that the ratio of same-type voters to differently-typed ... that's true , but intjs were also the most likely to receive votes from other types , or more specifically other nts . if everyone else agrees on your intelligence , why not ? :P but yeah , i'd be ... that works though , seeing as this is the anime / manga thread and they didn't go too deeply into dojima's issues in the anime . the character as a whole in the animation ( or in the game disregarding his ... also probably worth noting that the introverts most commonly voted for the opposite introvert when not voting for their own type ( i . e . intp for intj , vice versa ) . though , unsurprisingly , intps were ... very good points . on the subject of margaret , i'm still somewhat on the fence , though i'm leaning more towards istj at this point . i'm not the best judge of ti as opposed to te , but i believe that ... for danganronpa i believe a lot of those typings are the same as mine , with the exception of : - aoi asahina ( he's probably correct with esfj ) - yasuhiro hagakure ( looking back i was way off , he's ... since i clearly have way too much time on my hands , i decided to gather some data . at the time of reading : - intp has 48 votes - intj has 39 votes - entp has 11 votes - entj has 5 votes data ... ergo proxy ( most of these are probably way off since it's been a while ) main characters - re-l mayer : ixtj ( istj ? ) - vincent law : infp - pino : enfp romdeaux government - donov mayer : estj ... russell peters . when i saw his comedy bit i was pretty confused , since i've never consciously done this before . i zone out often , sure , but i'm never thinking about nothing - - during a lecture , ... dad's an istp . mom's an xnfj . older sister's an intj . uncle on mom's side is estj . his wife's also estj . their son's esfp . aunt on mom's side is isfj . her husband's istj . i'll play your little game . infp : younger sibling . entp : older brother that gets you but fucks around a lot . enfp : the other , more hyperactive younger sibling . intj : father . enjoys telling you ... i sometimes consider types with a one-letter difference ... i . e . intj , infp , istp , but somehow never entp . most usually my t / f preference , but i still always end at intp . well , you can diagnose yourself as anything , really . that doesn't necessarily mean it would be an accurate diagnosis , but a diagnosis all the same . calling myself a hypochondriac was tongue-in-cheek ... all the time ; i'm something of a hypochondriac when it comes to this . ( oh look , i did it again . ) i actually do have adhd ; i relate most to schizoid , but also on occasion believe i display symptoms ... i'm not sure that's relevant . gender is defined as the set of psychological , behavioral , or cultural characteristics associated with a sex , it doesn't necessarily line up with one's biological sex ... i've been coding for just over a decade now , actually . it's been an interest of mine since the later years of primary school so i suppose i began pursuing it early . i can be very empathetic at times , but i don't really know what to say to a person going through tough times ( other than a simple i know how that feels ) so it doesn't show much . i suppose i emote ... if he stuck with you through that then i'm sure he cares about you . he wouldn't have otherwise , so i'm not sure that this line of questioning is all that important . now that we've cleared that up , ... for the most part i just wear a band tee with a leather bomber over it and a pair of black jeans . practically my entire wardrobe consists of either black , white , or anywhere in between . i don't wear ... caffeine doesn't have much of an effect on me either , actually . if anything , i'll be able to stay awake slightly longer than without . otherwise it's pretty much the same as having a glass of water . istp dad , xnfj mom . my dad is blissfully unaware of anything that goes on in the rest of the family's lives and seems incredibly self-absorbed . for example , in high school i took several ap ... i never cared much in high school . i was a straight-a student until halfway through freshman year . then i got bored . by then ( having already learned fundamentals of science and math ) i was able to ... i used to mess around with these back in middle school . i remember when got my first 3x3 i literally sat there for 3 hours trying to solve it before i caved and looked online for the algorithms ... i mostly do surrealistic art in pencil , prismacolor or simply achromatic . i'm also pretty experienced in graphic design and open up photoshop or illustrator now and then , though much less frequently ... i don't watch a lot of movies , but ... - inception - donnie darko - akira - the matrix trilogy - inglorious basterds - into the wild ^ hah , this . 20 , currently residing in houston , tx . i'm straight-edge , but even if i wanted to do drugs i would have no idea where to get them from since i don't know anyone involved with that crowd ... my tolerance for socializing is directly proportional to how many people i know well are attending and inversely proportional to how many people are there total . 86115 to quote l : motivation ? ... i don't have any . to be honest , i'm quite depressed . * bites cake * i did well in school ( straight a's ) up until ~ 10th grade when i just stopped caring about an assembly line-style education system . i always did pretty well on tests , but i could never be bothered to ... english is my first language . i'm also fluent in japanese , arabic , and hindi , and i'm approaching fluency in german . i think i overdosed . i'd heard of them before , never really checked out their work until just now though . they're up there with fellsilent , ovid's withering and xerath imo . i have a million thoughts rushing through my head at any given moment . result : inability to put any one on paper . i'm mostly into djent , prog-metal , mathcore , and tech-death these days . a pretty well-known djent / prog band , periphery . one of my favorites . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUltTV3t4OM '