' i think you need to meet my wife ... or maybe that's why she sticks with me ... i must cook really well : cool : i agree with you that it doesn't need to be always the same person cooking , but i ... nahh ! not this one . you never know the true outcome of your options . even today , there may still be unforeseen consequences waiting for you , and these can be good or bad . only time will tell . i wish time to freeze ( except for me ) so i keep doing my stuff without rushing nor being interrupted . 48h days for me and 24h normal days for everyone else wouldn't be bad at all , at least for some ... nonsense ! tradition should be bound to usefulness . like covering your hair when cooking , using scrubs to do a surgery or communicating in a certain way ( including body language ) . i'd like to to put ... w : i've got a piece of cow on my tooth . m : isn't it your gum ? w : no ! its really a piece of meat . m : lol ! w : what ? m : you didn't get the joke ! w : what joke ? ! m : i have a piece of ... yes it does , that's why i usually just nod my head or say something like ok or ahh . i didn't know that or that's right . i assure you conversation will end with most people . this can be me , depending on the day and context . it comes and goes in waves , and i can heat up and cool down very quickly , often taking others and myself by surprise ( it was a lot worse when i was ... sorry , it isn't possible to have such a category . ^ categorized as humor / speech act theory disregard / misunderstanding the illocutionary act immaturity , insecurity and delusion . 1w9 ( sp ) . at least that's what the test gave me , but from the description i agree : definitely more towards sp than sx . you'll clear up your head once you see yourself as a biological entity among millions , and not as a superior species with some special higher mission to accomplish . but anyway , it's always good to ... no , not repeatedly . maybe for another person , not for myself , and even for another person there's a thin line on my tolerance . we all have to get out of our comfort zones eventually , but i won't put ... i don't know exactly what you mean . for example , i hate my hair groomed and with products . i just like to take bath , dry it with the towel and then pass my hands on it and let it dry naturally . of ... lol ! ! please stop torturing the man . enjoy while you can , you're not 20 any more . my wife is an isfj and i can see some resemblance . i just hope she feels like you described in the 1st part . i already said ... sometimes i do , depending on the context , but i usually don't do anything about it . the effort it takes isn't worth it , unless we're talking about specific cases . like applying to a job , not wanting ... so , he doesn't like you , he rejected you , and you're asking advice on wether he would prefer to be ignored or given some pleasantries ( or being polite , i think this is what you mean ) ? what about ... what if you just act natural , just like you feel like acting ? why ignore him and why be forcedly pleasant ? i just don't get it ! you really think you will be able to premeditate your behaviour without ... i don't forget , unless my phone is off when my wife rings me to remember on my way home . it just happens that my phone is off very frequently , and i keep remembering i need to charge my phone ... in ... logic / math : 4.71 self : 4.29 spacial : 3.57 curiously , i made an iq test many years ago and the result was something like visual / spacial mathematician ( don't remember the exact words ) . i don't know what is the most beautiful song i've ever heard . i guess i'd have to go to classical / oriental music , but i rarely listen to it these days . i just remembered these two , which i like a ... intj - this trait is both our flaw and our strength . well , i abruptly ended friendships in two occasions before , but these were nothing compared with your case ( they were serious enough to make me blow my mind deploy hanger all over the place ) . in my ... yes . it affects my life positively . there's a saying in my country which can be translated as better alone than with a bad company . this suits me very well . lol ! i'd like to set patience and tolerance apart , as these terms are used interchangeably but have very different meanings . so , that said , i'm patient ( with occasional and short impatient bursts ) but ... i see poverty as a terrible waste . waste of human potential on one side , and waste of resources futilely allocated on the other side . exquisitor i agree it isn't as simple as redistributing ... i'll do it right next time . it doesn't always work , but keeps me going and focused on my goals . i don't see anything related with ethics here . there is a demand for work and you do it . where is the ethic questioning ? maybe your boss was referring an issue other than you finishing the work ... i often fantasise with morbid / violent / gore scenarios . always did since i was a kid , but it's not like i'm morbid outside ( apart from occasionally spewing some dark jokes which make people raise their ... that's an easy fix . go to his manager or something , and explain the chair is used for the clients to sit and explain the problems , and that they are complaining about it . be distant , cordial , and ... i feel selfish and bad with myself for being so detached from everything / everyone , so i do my best to be altruistic , and then i feel guilty / revolted / frustrated for not putting myself first . many ... yes , me too . but even so it isn't easy for her . she sees her feelings as being obvious to me , but they're not ( i don't think they're obvious to herself either ) . at the beginning it was much worse , so ... that's not how i interpreted the post you quoted : the way i see this is that if there are signs that something isn't ok , people need to address those issues with honest disclosure , not by ... oh boy ! you sound exactly like my wife having a tantrum . please don't take this as offensive and don't judge this post as me being inconsiderate of my wife , but it happens from time to time . i just ... this one made me think . my conclusion is that it's certainly true when you try to draw conclusions from an observational study . you can only draw hypothesis from those . conclusions must come from ... rationalisation is always done on data . there's no other way . it needs a basis to start , whether that data is related with events , rules , beliefs , or other abstract concepts . the main difference ... i also wouldn't like most of what goes into my head to be known . right there ! this is where we differ . i need to do the rest of the work so i can prove i'm right . i'm very sceptical of my own ( or other's ) deductions , no matter how logical they may seem . and i've ... that's not exactly what i meant . i meant the plan isn't fixed , and so i rarely keep the same plan until the end of the project . it gets updated as i do the work and deadlines can't always be met ... yes , i can relate to this entirely . keeping the initial plan to the end is another matter . i do have this tendency , but the available time keeps me from dwelling for too long . this state is ... https://www.discogs.com/K-Frimpong-His-Cubano-Fiestas-K-Frimpong-And-His-Cubano-Fiestas/master/309407 current song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkIUIOEhZMI&feature=youtu.be ho boy ! i'm exactly like that ! yesterday my wife needed a tupperware and found one full of cheese , smelling bad has hell . it happens that last week i bought the cheese , neatly put it in the ... yesterday i took the hot glass bowl from the coffee / tee machine and tried to fill it up with cold water ( i wanted to make more tee ) . you can guess the outcome . how do you think i felt ? independently of he being an intj or not , it looks like you're working in an unfriendly environment , judging from the behaviour description you gave from other colleges . i don't know if there's some ... if he's anything like me , texting is boring because there's too much to tell . that's why face-to-face conversations are much better . emojis are not my thing , but hey , i'm not that young anyway , and a ... i have two words for you : categorize and systematise . that is , organize your space in categories and then follow a system to keep them in the same place . you can pile them up in any way . the ... i'm not competitive at all . i am who i am and i'm generally comfortable with that . however , i'm constantly trying to improve myself and smarter or more knowledgeable persons help me achieving it . i ... imo : intj's argue to get to a point . intp's argue for the sake of arguing . they like to twist argumentation just to get the conversation going . i don't like that . be glad you agree on most issues , ... yep ! i know that feeling . it can last for weeks and make everyone around me go crazy with my absent / distant / cold behaviour . but then it goes away for the next n months . '