' infjs will be found anywhere life forces them to be . if you desire an infj so badly , what you need to learn how to do is to be able to identify one when they do cross your path . thought it was ne ( and si ) , at the time . and yet i've survived this long , using ti so much that i was even in belief that i was an intp for 2 + years . ever make a move yourself ? what defines the difference ( between just making interest obvious and taking the initiative ) ? yes , this does mean something ; thank you . while i was happy with what i believed i was , i was still envious of ni , so yeah , i ain't complaining now or anything . and thanks . life isn't easy for infjs . cheers ! ah yes - adymus the author of the many faces of infj article . i do believe that individual knows his stuff . some reckon that infjs aren't so rare and rather it's just that many are mistyped . for the same reason why i should justify my claimed type if someone challenges it . for about two or three years now ix92ve believed that i was an intp ( based on internet tests results , but more so on reading into the theory myself ) . it turns out that i am actually an infj , but with a ... feelers tend to have a larger capacity for good and evil , in my opinion . yeah ; i would imagine that a lot of them would be in a pit of inexperience , cowardice and lack of confidence . furthermore ( in heterosexual scenarios ) , because of our generally sexist society , females ... yeah , it turns out that the natural duty of relationship initiation ( probably ) reflects jungian psychoanalysis personality type differences more than it reflects gender differences ( i'm not ... well , a more fluidly creative ni-user could come with more strong aha moments than a not so fluidly creative ne-user , coming up with less little aha moments . but eh , well , i suppose ... well actually , i stole that joke from this : intps make ideal companions to intjs , as neither of them notices they're in a relationship . but yeah , go get them tiger . i'd imagine everyone manipulates each other to some degree , linda 123 . it's not always bad manipulation , and even the bad of it can be very minor . wow - interesting stuff people . i know i'm not an infj , but i don't think i could ever do something like that ; i don't think i could handle such a shift in lifestyle . i think moonlight's nailed it here , or , there is no true self really at all ( as greencoyote might be suggesting ) , although the latter would be less useful to humans i think . if the former is ... we intps love the ne rush - keep it coming ! yeah , tbh infjs , i think some of you need to have a read of the many faces of infj article , or just any of the countless infj threads and posts where a lot of you claim that you wish you could be ... haha ! too bad in intp-intp romantic relationships , neither one knows it's a relationship . :P intps can offer simple , basic , innocent , genuine , unmanipulative love . intps can be very honest and loyal . intps can be very thoughtful . ( i'd say are or tend to in replace of can , for ... yeah , but then i said that i conceded that the picture reflects ni more than ne ; ni reeks of ah-ha moments . ni ones are more powerful though ; ne isn't quite as powerful , it's more like ... internet iq tests are basically complete rubbish ( and i'd be willing to debate the validity of the controlled institutionalized ones as well ); they can be fun though , at least . anyways , to ... haha , this is an area where infjs ' power is useless on intps - intps are generally honest anyway , and sometimes infjs simply can't accept that they don't have any alternative motives than the ones ... ... ? the whole problem with ' fake ' people concept reeks of fi ! except you know your own future , which means you can change it if you want to . yeah and also sometimes it's best not to do anything even when one can . do you mean you still get ' aha ' moments with ne ? ok , yeah , i'll admit that the picture represents ni better than it would ne , but i don't think the words do ( endless ideas ) . on another note , there was nothing really there pertaining to infjs any ... seems more ne-ish , imo . i don't have a picture , but i composed the text ; someone knock yourself out and make it : infj the eyes that hate because they care . edit : i know it should be something more like the ... basically i had a theory that infps are the best lie detectors because i reckon they can taste the lies with their dominate function ( fi ) backed up with their auxiliary ( ne ) which can help read ... ( i have posted this thread in both the infj and infp boards . ) which type is the best at detecting the lies and reading the emotions of others ? i think i've heard around the place that people ... ( i have posted this thread in both the infj and infp boards . ) which type is the best at detecting the lies and reading the emotions of others ? i think i've heard around the place that people ... people are a product of the universe . so , does that mean that us humans , when we exchange memories , only truly comprehend each other's experiences when we also experience the emotions felt then ? can emotions be understood by one who ... maybe a thought-experiment would assist here : let's suppose an entity could exist which possesses no effective emotion ; for example , some kind of advanced robot or possibly some sort of alien or a ... this was an odd situation indeed . let none be judged by it . maybe your thoughts did exist in my mind at a point , which i would have then concluded : surely you wouldn't be that stupid for thinking like that . such intelligence belittlement arguments can go ... this is true ; i must have had a false memory and i apologize . however , if you didn't believe that suicide was easy or hard relative to climbing out of the depression pit , then what were we ... unfortunately such a stance on this issue is still an attempt to manipulate people . you're still conveying to people that even though they were forced into this existence , they still don't have a ... you were the one who said suicide is the easy way out ; only after you put pressure on me did i concede that sometimes suicide is drastically easier than climbing out of the depression pit , if the ... i believe you possess a healthy ( ? ) / good ( ? ) attitude towards this issue ; it seems to taste much better than calling people heroes or ghosts over suicide . however , i don't believe suicide is ... could be the tertiary fi of intjs as well . the lower a function's position on the hierarchy , the more basic it tends to be . simple values like suicide is wrong might suffice for many intjs . the ... yeah , i can relate to those very much , haha . yeah , get ya . i didn't articulate it but that was a part of what i wished to convey when i mentioned something from saint darkness 72 might suit your taste more . this is the longest description profile for intps i have come across on the internet . it is ridiculously long so only read it if you have the required amount of patience and interest . i am aware ... once my fe cools down the grudge usually goes away . sometimes , though , i will compose a principle to be applied to that person for pragmatic purposes which may seem grudge-like ( this is the ... initially , i was composing my post to be a little more uncertain , being along the lines of : if you are referring to the cognitive functions hierarchy , ... ( the uncertainty came from the lack of ... ( introverted ) intuiting is the dominate function of infjs ; ( extraverted ) feeling is their auxiliary function . '