' hi there ! first of all , i'm going to be a bit more realistic than just say follow your dreams ! . why ? because i'm exactly the same as you ! i started out in high school , got into space ... i actually have tried it , but i think that somehow i offended the poor person asking me that :| they just said alright , and then started talking to someone else and went away without any more words ... i have a fairly big issue , well for me at least . wonder if someone has some advice here ! and please avoid all the abbreviations , i'm having a hard to figuring out what is what . infj i know , and the ... i'm sooo extroverted sometimes ! what i actually do when i think this , is standing in a group of people listening to what they talk about without contributing . you have a good point there . it's most certainly my armor against the world and myself even , that gets me down . i'll be looking into that more thoroughly ! thank you :) and yes , i'll be having a few ... i'm replying to both your last comments here if that's alright ! thank you , life is long , i just can't really see how when i'm stressed out . i've started to develop a plan with how to get to ... interesting point . i've always proudly told people that i love myself and i would never do anything to harm myself cause that's just what stupid people that have no clue do ! so , apparently , i'm a ... interesting point . i've always proudly told people that i love myself and i would never do anything to harm myself cause that's just what stupid people that have no clue do ! so , apparently , i'm a ... ah haha thank you ! :D and merry christmas ! :D i totally didn't see your reply , i'm so so sorry ! ! i missed it among not knowing exactly how the forum works just yet and all the replies i'm getting and sending . i thought i'd get an email for every ... oh don't worry - i really need all the honesty i can get . i'm usually bad with feedback , but in this case i really can't see any other options than brutal honesty . people really need to tell me where ... true true ! i can imagine , anime is good fun ! for me it used to be martial arts . maybe i'll find something new that'll keep me from going nuts , i'll definitely try out anime . there's a few i want ... ah haha thanks ! :D and welcome yourself ! :P thank you thank you bash ! :) yeah i know , i need more sleep . luckily , nowadays it varies between no sleep and 15-16 hours of sleep ... ^ ^ ' before , martial arts and meditation helped me heaps to de-stress and work out my stress ... the true words of a raccoon ! ( your avatar ! ) thank you ! i will :) ahh hahaha ! x ) nono , it's not ! i need to be told how it is . i wouldn't really call it insomnia , i have a past that wasn't too good , sometimes it involved that i wasn't allowed to sleep . so i guess ... now you i don't like - you put words to things i'm not ready to admit ! ( take this as a joke , please , i really have nothing against you ! ) i'm a people-pleaser alright . but i really don't want to be , ... i really appreciate your very thorough reply , .. i just haven't really gotten into the whole understanding of ni , fe , se and so on just yet ... ^ ^ ' but i think i get your point ! what you mean is ... hm , yeah i do think you have a point there . i know most of my reasons too , i'm just not sure how to change my own behavior on these things . oh dear ... accepting that i can't control everything ? ... aw i read this a little after i replied to your other comment . i'm so sorry ! i wish i could help you somehow , again , if you need to talk , don't hestitate ! i know it's difficult to understand now , ... no problem shizukagirl ! i understand , it's really difficult when you really love someone and you go through something like this . you can always send me a private message if you'd like to talk some ... no problem shizukagirl ! i understand , it's really difficult when you really love someone and you go through something like this . you can always send me a private message if you'd like to talk some ... fact is , i believe that there is no such thing as evil . or good for that matter ! i lack words in english to describe what i mean though , i'm sorry about that . but i believe that i ... yeah it does , ultimately . for me it seems to have been like this : totallycrazyamazingsauceenergeticandambitious ! ! ! a little less energetic ... very very sleepy ... oh man i think i have a ... all military should be , let's say disbanded . not going into my very real hate for it here . money is the source of all evil . fear is what makes us do things we hate in each other . and ... hehe ... i sense a little scolding going on . don't get me wrong , i appreciate it ! thing with the sleeping is that i've always just had that little sleep . sleep has just never been a priority to me , or ... hm ... that's certainly an interesting idea ! i'll try it out next time i get the chance . er ... that is , try out doing different things to see what works . excuse my choice of words , english is not my ... well , again , to be fairly blunt here . there you have it : if you'd take a break , you wouldn't want to get back together . now , both me and my bf are very much loners , we spend hours in separate ... of course ! send away ! :) thank you ! i know what you mean , i think . i do have what you call the fire , i mean i had it all figured out and worked out for a few years at least . i've always done everything , always much more ... why thank you kind sir ! * ladybow * thank you echoenola . i appreciate the answer , and definitely the honesty . you're right in that i'm really bad at taking care of myself , it's something i'm having a very hard time to admit both to ... so , yeah , hi . i'm new here , but i've read a bit about what everyone talks about although i haven't yet found a thread on my own issue with my specifics . so i'm a student , have been for almost ... hi clyme ! yeah , not sure how to introduce myself to a ton of people when i basically am just learning more about myself . interesting though , maybe a part of my personality , or just me . thanks ! ... it would , wouldn't it ? just can't remember where i saw it ! :| but it was just after i'd become a member , so it must be around somewhere ! indeed it is , indeed it is ! still scary though ! :P i can't really form a general opinion on something as cops . i mean , in every profession , every single one , you'll find good and bad people . and in every single one , mainly the bad guys are the ones ... hm ... feels like i'm the only one going to be absolutely bluntly honest here . it doesn't feel at all like he wants to be in a relationship , and while you're reading , and working to find why , and ... hi shizukagirl ! :D i'm an infj too , and in a relationship , although , he's not interested in taking the test himself , but i know for certan that he's not like me , we've been in a relationship for ... so i'm new , obviously . not much for big introductions and such , but i'm just wondering , am i the only one finding treebob's avatar majorly creepy ? ? and also , what the crap ? hornybot ! ? any ... '