' i'm not istp but ... i think one can drive one's self crazy trying to type themselves 100 % . we are all human ( well , most of us are ;) ) and we should just take the obvious traits and deal with ... haha yes . he didn't like small talk , low tolerance of incompetence , let very few people in ... etc . yet he was very charming and engaging with those he deemed worthy . however , he was free ... i mistyped my ex as an intj when he was really an istp . i'm too lazy to type out why but a lot of it had to do with logic and reasoning , no emotion , independence , high iq , etc . hahaha , ok ;) cetanu , what did you post to me ? all i see is a red x . lots of nice looking people here ;) sorry , i wasn't very clear when i mentioned that i thought he was an intj . i should have said initially , haha . i pretty much had him mistyped . not that it matters ;) yeah , see , i've become so numb i thought i was going into some deep , dark abyss because i'm normally the type that always looks at the positive and deal with things and move on . but i'm not that ... thank you . :) i was told that even if he had zero feelings for me , he lost a sure thing at least 3x a week , and that's gotta hurt him , even if only in the pants . haha gotta have a sense of ... he was so obsessed with me he couldn't let go of his need for new sensations here and there . :/ / end sarcasm . he was a sex addict . i didn't really think so at first , and maybe i really wanted to ... hahaha , you guys crack me up thank you for your response . :) a synopsis of the turn of events : ( warning - very long ! ) started off as fwb . lines clearly drawn . lines got blurred . we spend a lot of time together , he ... no , i am not into mind games . this is what was so refreshing about our relationship . we could talk openly and honestly about anything , putting emotion aside . it was awesome . i'm on my phone and i'm ... this is 100 % accurate . :( hope you all don't mind me reviving an old thread ... so , how do you deal with heartbreak when you know ( and have admitted ) that it is specifically because you f * cked it all up ? meaning , that ... there is some great advice on this thread . i am currently going through the same thing , so i feel ya . ;) i don't have any advice other than what has already been said ( trying to take it all in , ... i resisted coming here to this forum but now here i am . : unsure : am i going to get a headache ? haha , just kidding ;) actually , the ex was most likely an istp . yup ... got that only half right ;) but yes , i have had an attraction to intjs as well . shit , i find anything attractive that is just nice to me and ... um , i think i might be an enfp . :( this ! ! lose the muscles and i would totally date you , then . kidding . anyways , you mentioned intj twice on the types you dated . thank you for my entertainment for today . i was getting seriously bored here at work . i have to go redo my makeup now because i've been laughing to the point of tears . :) lol ... i love music and those words put a song into my head . that's all . that's why i said carry on ... like don't mind me butting in some useless statement . :) ohhh , i love what you did there ... carry on ... you belong on the big screen . not on this board ;) hmm ... good point . but i'm pretty sure he's not attracted to me . i mean , he says all kinds of wonderful things about me and , like i said , all his friends ask what is up with us , but i do know for a ... you're welcome :) and no , i'm not attracted to him in the least . i'm not sure why . there are a lot of people that ask him why we've never gotten together - we are just that great together :) ... idk , i think any person of the opposite sex who wants to spend lots of time with you is interested in you and not just a friendly way . if it's healthy , it starts off slow and friendly and builds ... happy about nothing . my ex intj friend was always about not being vulnerable . yet he liked to get me to open up to him . he would sit and listen , not exactly offering any kind of support , but just ... about nothing . my ex intj friend was always about not being vulnerable . yet he liked to get me to open up to him . he would sit and listen , not exactly offering any kind of support , but ... interesting ! ! thanks for the input ;) interesting ! ! thanks for the input ;) full of shit ? care to elaborate ? just curious . and btw , hello , everyone ... i've made it through the difficult part . the worst is behind me . now just to get myself back to normal again . whatever that is . :) i haven't been getting any notifications at all lately . i just thought no one liked me anymore . ;) hahaha ... you would be surprised ... eta : speaking of rock stars .. does anyone think gene simmons is an intj ? and i don't even know what the hell i am anymore . i feel nothing ... am nothing . haha when i was a child , i had been playing by ear . when i finally got lessons at age 8 , i was completely frustrated having to learn everything like i was a baby . i didn't want to learn how to read music ... i didn't know going in that the exintj was an intj but i played it by reading him a lot while i was physically in his presence . i never had to initiate any kind of contact - i let him pursue me . and ... * perks up * carry on ... i believe this is exactly what happened to me and the ex-intj . he wanted very badly to make it work , and tried to do something he was utterly and completely incapable of doing . and i can say the ... i totally took your post as just that . not saying intjs are sleazier than others , just * insert bolded words * . and whoa , is that true . i understand how you would come to the conclusion that i think all intjs are like him , but that's not how i feel . if i felt that way , i wouldn't be here . :) i'm here , at this point , to help me ... not sure if i should put this here or under stereotypes but i'm going to say something positive about my ex-intj . i can honestly say that in the 5 months we were together , he had never once said ... thank you for that . i really appreciate it . the hard time i am having is with myself - accepting that i made a very bad decision , and the uncertainty of if i ever meant anything to him . i don't miss ... my ex-intj used to tell me that he rarely opens up to anyone ( he did me ) and never let's anyone in . ( even though he was in everyone else :/ ) so i guess i was speshul ... he trusted me and let ... compromise sexual morality , and an intj can be the sleaziest of them all . i'm going to cut and paste this into my brain and heart as part of my moving on process which is at a snail's pace . :/ ... i'm not an intj but i used to like to feed insects to spiders in their web to watch them weave them up . i never saw the spider actually kill the insect , just used to watch in wonder how they spun it ... my ex-intj was a major womanizer . an intj with a cute face and style . pretty damn deadly . but he admittedly learned everything he knows from older women and some sort of manual that was ... i only wish that my ex friend could come to the point you have . you really have come a long way . it takes a lot of strength to go back and look at your faults , realize them , understand them , and try ... '