' fair enough . if you feel you can make a plan that will let you and the future child thrive ( and no , this doesn't mean white picket fence , a bmw in the driveway and private school education ) , then by all means ... no , it's based on getting you to think it through rather than spoon feeding you the answers . so , what's you answer to my question ? no , that would be you , as pointed out above . but yes , ... when people are in a relationship ( a healthy one at any rate ) there is emotional give and take that flows both ways . a text message not only completely , irrevocably and callously cuts off that flow ... seriously ? you can't figure out why a two second text message would piss someone off ? 1 ) it's quick , impersonal and dismissive . 2 ) it's impersonal . there is no seeing the person . no tone of ... where these being directed to survey sites ? i had this happen to me and multiple forum sites . i had to go into my programs and manually uninstall a program called webcakes . turns out the ... hey i could totally get behind that :) i'm a good cause ! so i get one of those luxury cars , right ? hehehe that's one way to put it . she has ... issues . and spends a lot of time putting those ... you dump on her . she's not going to pay attention otherwise . as for getting her alone , i wouldn't bother . if you've asked to make time to have coffee ( or whatever ) so you can talk , and she ... there is a person at my workplace that last year tried to make us all give up the $ 10 per person head office sense us so that was can have a staff christmas dinner . she declared that we should pick ... when it waters down what bullying actually is and why it's such a threat , absolutely . when it result seen people rolling their eyes and ignoring victims of bullying because they are seen as yet ... no , i don't . i want him to think about what he's doing , what real bullying is and what is actually effective . that won't happen unless i say something . here . in a discussion forum . where we ... * sigh * realistic [ ˌrɪəˈlɪstɪk ] adj 1 . showing awareness and acceptance of reality 2 . practical or pragmatic rather than ideal or moral 3 . ( of a book , film , etc . ) depicting or emphasizing what ... yes it is , because those that need to hear it , won't . you're just a random username on the internet that they have no reason to pay any attention to . that's not being pessimistic , that's being ... and you brilliantly missed the point . good show . are you going to accuse me of bullying you now ? no one has to accommodate shy / quiet people . like everything else in life , you learn to deal . riiight . sure they will . uh-huh * rolls eyes * call it a hunch . people who are , know what real bullying looks like . it's not a difference of opinions on the internet . do you need me ... so ? you can learn things on the public bus too , doesn't make it on par with the established institution of school . then get off your computer and go get involved with your local community . that will do a lot more good than complaints on the internet . yes . v . cried ( krhttp :/ / img.tfd.com/hm/gif/imacr.gifd ) , cry · ing , cries ( krhttp :/ / img.tfd.com/hm/gif/imacr.gifz ) v.intr . 1 . to sob or shed tears because of grief , sorrow , or pain ; weep . 2 . ... is cycber bullying a problem ? absolutely , when it moves into meat life events , such a social ostrisation or worse , instances of violence . however these cases are downplayed because of the countless ... beyond being presentable and appropriate for the setting , not really . i'm far more concerned with my level of health than with aesthetics . are we talking in myself or it's role in how i relate to others ? ooooh ! yes , exactly . yet that's how many people see it . it's annoying and rather ridiculous . my parents , well dad thinks he and mom did a good job of hiding their arguments . i think his ... internet ? please get out now . the internet is great for research ( sometimes ) but it's absolutely dreadful for making a real human connection . on the internet someone can pretend to be anyone they ... just stop , please . you're getting all wrapped in your head about how you think things should be and can't see anything else . that's not fair to yourself or potential future partners . every ... huh ? why ? while people can choose to remain ignorant , nothing about being ignorant suggests that such a choice has been or will be made . actually debate is conflict at the most basic , since one person holds x position and the other person hold y position which is at odds with x . hell , i'm inclinflict with you right now for ... no , ignorance is a state of being , one that is entirely curable by the person learning about whatever it is they are ignorant of . willful ignorance is a different beast entirely and such people ... the sexes have been misunderstanding each other since the dawn of time . mostly because they simply fail to talk to each other . if you have a question , ask . if there is an action you don't like or ... monty python for the win ! ! ! * squeels * eh-hem . okay , back to the ops question . yes . i love a good debate , but when i'm in one i'm rather detached and objective about it . this drives people ... i have no doubt you have . but i've met women who weren't that strong . i've seen what being forced to keep an unwanted pregnancy does to them . please note that this is not limited to women who were ... i was raised by atheists . i'm a theist * shrugs * why on earth would you feel guilty about doing what you need to do ? someone might come along and start ranting about selfishness , but to be perfectly blunt you have to come first in your world . if ... chaotic neutral trending good . um ... explain what ? getting along with someone or not isn't related to type for me . instead it has to do with whether or not i think it's worth the effort . if i have a reason to ( it's my boss , it's a client , it's a ... i don't mind talking about my issues at all , as long as it seems appropriate for the venue and the other person actually wants to listen . i don't push it if no one is interested . but i do collect ... when i was 15 , i got along better with the adults than with my peers :P i still want to throttle my peers on a regular basis . one could argue that any label is too simplistic because really , there's only so much you can condense things down without losing the inherent complexity . myself , i think the personality typing is ... how often do you get out and socialize ? this doesn't have to be a big thing , you don't have to be going to house parties or some such , but social contact is very important when one is dressed . okay , this is me talking out of my ass here , as i'm very new to this personality typing thing . so what you're getting is my own experiences and understandings , which should be taken with a huge ... have you read anything i've posted ? because i've been pointing out exactly what you can do . bad is reena virk who was drowned in my town by bullies . believe me , i get exactly how bad ... then you haven't gone deep enough . self examination isn't easy and it isn't comfortable , but it is very very necessary . been there , done that . i can tell you from experience that yes you ... 1 ) other people are outside of you ( obviously ) and as such they can't impact what you feel about yourself unless you allow it . you have to care about their opinion for it to matter . and if you do ... sounds like a nose job is the least of your concerns . i'm not saying that to be mean , i just think you've got your priorities bass ackward . the nose isn't what's stopping you from being able to ... yes . but not as what many seem to think it works . it's not a give and take . you don't put out good vibes and lo and behold , you get given a day pass to a spa or whatever . rather the law of ... are we talking sexual or in general ? that answer in both cases would be predominately sadist , but for different reasons . also , in the sexual context , i'm not a true sadist . i don't do it because ... why would i ? the whole point of this topic is what people choose to do with their lives . not post ignoring the points made to you . there are plenty of people that enjoy sex and have no desire to ... yes i do . you back quoted it . yet here you are pretending it's not relevant . oh it's ever so amusing when people make assumptions about my life ad my body * snickers * honey , i don't have an ... intimacy / bonding with one's partner . not to mention that it feels damned good when done right . i'm not going to procreate . no child deserves to be saddled with my medical history . and there are ... nor are they pawns in your bigotry . so do you tell single parents that they can't be effective parents ? how well does that go over ? '