a lot of infps think they're 4w5s when they're actually 9s . ( i was one of them . ) they seem to not realize that 4 is an image type and a lot of the so-called 4 ' s are slobs that don't like much ... i thought having a common enneagram type but a rare mbti type made sense when i tried to figure things out properly . i am good at controlling my emotions sometimes but it's usually when i'm not ... i'd say 2w1 for vanessa actually . 2w3s and 2w1s can seem the same when the 2w1 is ambitious but she has a moral bent to her . the feminine types - 2 , 4 , 9 . the masculine types - 5 , 8 . the unisex types - 1 , 3 , 6 , 7 . why would 3 be feminine ? they're often seen as cold and that's not associated with women often . 6w7 fictional women are often so adorable like bridget jones , rachel green and mildred hubble . i'm sharping up my enneagram / instinct typing skills : robert - estp 3w2 so / sp eric - estj 3w4 sp / so victoria - esfj 2w1 so / sp zak - estp 7w8 so / sx sam - isfj 6w5 sp / so lisa - esfj 1w2 so / sp ... these are some characters that i think may be 9s : slyvia likens from an american crime ( 9w1 so / sx ) harry potter ( 9w8 sp / sx ) jon snow ( 9w1 sp / so ) the guy from get out ? ( 9w1 ? ) anastasia steele ... all the boring characters are 9s or 1s sadly . the interesting ones tend to be 4s , 7s or 8s . oh god same ! this is why i doubted my 4ness cause i often want to be other types . i even read up recently that kate bush as well is often typed a 4 cause she's an infp and people confuse it a lot of with being a 4 like how they might confuse esfj with being a 2 . wait . i thought you meant which is the most hated function not our most hated function . in the mbti world ? si . in the real world ? ni . 1 . what drives you in life ? the possiblity that things could get better for me , i guess . what do you look for ? happiness . 2 . what do you hope to accomplish in your life ? something i'm proud of . ... so true . the enxj's teritary se is so obvious that they are often mistaken for sensors . alfie - infj ? he's too odd for an isfj cameron - istj celine - isfj cindy - estp cleo - esfj darren - estp diane - esfj diego - exfj dirk - estp ellie - estj yep i didn't realise until midway that i did ... i was looking at the character list on the website . that's why . robert - estp eric - estj victoria - esfj zak - estp sam - isfj andy - isfj lisa - esfj marlon - esfj ashley - ixfj paddy - isfj the beales : ian - istj jane - esfj bobby - he keeps shifting . i can't tell if he's an extrovert or an introvert . steven - infp the brannings : max - esfp jack - estj lauren - isfp this in alphabetical order : aidan - estp alex - entp alya - esfx ( i thought esfp at first but she is showing a lot of j qualities recently ) amy - exxj andy - istp ? anna - esfj audrey - estj ... emma - esfj audrey - infp ( i was going to say isfp but her being an ne aux user would explain why she's friends with noah ) noah - entp brooke - esfp kieran - istp jake - estp will - estp nina ... i thought you were a ti user not a te user . feeler males tend to prefer feeler females and thinker females tend to prefer thinker males while thinker males tend to prefer feeler females and vice versa . i know an actual estp female + infj male couple irl . the infj thinks that she completes him but she clearly doesn't feel as strongly as he does ... she likes saving face and showing off in front of her ... this is actually laughable ... i know several female enfjs and they certainly aren't alluring like the typical femme fatale tends to be . i know a enfj male that is more femme fatale than they are . a ... ana said that she was an extrovert in one of their videos . i would type her an esfj and cenk is an estp imo . to stop bugging me in general but i will settle for stop bugging me about moral issues i don't want to be person but i have had it up to here with feelers ... it's like they have gotten way more easily offended now that being offended is acceptable . it's refreshing to be around ... i didn't read any of that . there is no comparing . we are nothing alike . how do you get an enfj off your case ? i don't think this is a low ti thing because estps have high ti and they are often seen as being stupid even if they are intelligent . lol this is exactly what the one i know irl does when girls can't take a hint . i think he may have doorslammed you . i'm not an estp but i have seen this happen to the female estp i know irl . she is referred to as being a ball of energy that makes things lighter because she's always happy and she brought up ... i have seen this happen so many times and it is disgusting to see . jk rowling has been professionally typed an infj and i always suspected that she was an infj . i don't see fi let alone high fi . https://twitter.com/jk_rowling/status/579984118257229825 i would like to be an extj because they get shit done and they don't get offended easily but i also wouldn't want to scare guys off even if i already do that enough already . the two infjs i know are riddled with insecurities ... they can seem uppity at times but beneath it all they are crumbling ... the male one is doing worse because of society's expectations of how guys ... you either have been raised with a lot of ne users or you have reached a certain age . you are aware that isfj's have inferior ne right ... so being too open-minded is a struggle ... ok then it's because i can't control it ... i'm all about my comfort zone most of the time hence how i got into the fi-si loop . because most people can't comprehend it and most people are sensors so they don't have ne in a dom or aux position so it's not useful in the real world it is bullshit . t doms and f doms shouldn't be paired together . he paired anybody with the same second letter and all the other three flipped together . estp . all extroverted functions are useful except ne if you're not funny and if an intuitive dislikes you since all intuitive types seem to have a soft spot for entps . it's mostly suppressed though ... exfps have a better grasp at it . what makes you envy te ? is it because most guys tend to be xstjs and you feel left out in their convosations ? i do wish i wasn't a f dom but at the same time my fi has helped me a lot and it has also made me appreciate people for being themselves and following their dreams . i have no idea ... i have been in one since my mid teens because i lost a lot of faith in humanity because of being bullied on a daily basis that i retreated even more further inwards . i still have ne ... your feeding a stereotype right now ... the stereotypes aren't going to fade away just cause you stomp your infp feet .