' so , i've graduated with a bachelors degree in psychology just about a year ago . since then i've done ...  ... nothing ... literally ... well , at least in a physical sense ... lots of thinking of ... hey there m80s . so , its been nearly a year since i graduated college . i graduated with a bachelor's degree in psychology . during that final semester , almost a year ago , last march , i had the ... i dont know . i mean , i could go into extreme detail about this . but i wont , because nobody wants to read a fucking thesis paper , and i dont feel like wasting all that time . so , i guess all ill ... you're exactly right . i need to learn to become more disciplined . it's actually a big issue for me , giving into what seems most pleasurable at the current moment , not seeing the long term ... the only time ive actually been away from home was during that last semester of college . i took a trip to boston to present research i did at a big psychology conference . i was away from home for 2 ... alright , i havent posted a thread here in a long fucking time , but i need advice , and it seems that whenever i've needed good advice , you internet people deliver , at least on this site . i just ... i just used this thread to apply for an online blogging job that wants writers who know weird shit about sleep lol . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPy2o3oseMk i honestly think that if i got paid to write creative witty articles and shit i would be twice as motivated to write them . you bring up a very good point though . i would be curious to see how money ... greetings friends ! much time has passed since my last visit here . how much time you ask ? i know not the answer to that fuckin question , you can look for yourselves in my profile if you wish ! but ... my god when you're a fuckin winner . no , i havent really been exposed to anyone completely insane . i do have a schizophrenic grandmother though , but she's on mess , and ive never seen her act crazy . ya she's weird as fuck , but not so ... this actually made me feel better for some weird reason haha . i only get this way when i am alone with my thoughts . when i get anxious like this , i crave human interaction and feel the need to ... oh yes , it does exist , and i've got it ! but there is still a co-pay fee that i have to pay even with the insurance . and that fee is around 40 to 50 us dollars . due to the pathetic-fuck-ness of ... so i'm 21 , and had my first legit panic attack last september . it was the night before school started up again . i'm a senior in college this year . ever since that panic attack , i have had this ... this isn't an advertisement-spam for this game haha . though it may sound like it ! this is because ... well ... i can get cool shit from recruiting people ... might as well be truthful about it : crazy : ... you are known by your professors for pulling off large projects , papers , presentations , at the very last moment and doing really good on them ... and , you are socially awkward . nah ' dat i got mah ' dick wet , ima pimp ass nigga , niggaaa ' im such a fucking hypochondriac . holy fucking shit . this is driving me insane . playing out all the ridiculous scenarios in my head ... fuckin crazy mother always fillin my childhood head with the ... but is black the opposite of what ? is navy blue the opposite of brown ? how the fuck is brown a neutral color ? ? ? bring up some scientific-type humor , and then see if they react with their ne , expanding on your joke about the singularity , or about how the native americans deserved what they got . wait for a gap in conversation . the say , well , i gotta get goin to do that thing ive gotta do . it was nice talking to you though , we'll have to talk again sometime ! works every time . this is what i wanted to hear ... thank you . is there like , an internet checklist thing that i can actually take ? ? ? so , i just realized the cause of a huge amount of stress in my life . im a very intellectual person . the objective truth is the only truth , and that objective truth can be expressed in a variety ... jesus fucking christ bro . ya , i know that feeling of stimulated sleeplessness ... its a weird state of mind ... when im in that state im more creative and really good at call of duty thats so funny haha . now that i think about it , im pretty sure the entire length of the condom didnt go in her fully . i need to stop thinking about this , its going to drive me insane . 70 % ? ! ? ! ? ! what ? ? ? ! ? ? ! ? nigga ' i'm fuckin scared . i know , this shit is awkward , but i ain't talkin to my muthafickin family about is shit ! ! ! their overprotective bullshit is the reason i'm 21 and just fuckin for the first ... which is exactly why the chance that she is pregnant is extremely low . its like a 2 day old beard haha . she kept telling me that i looked familiar , and that i looked like tom cruise and christian bale yaaa ... im 21 and male ! ! ! back of my mom's subaru with seats down ... my knees hurt . being an entp , i am good at everything the first time i do it . i confirmed this to be absolutely true ... interesting ... hmm ... ya , ive never actually looked at enneagram theory . what better a time than now ? ! thanks antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds ...  ... hello emotion ... im scared to death of them ! ya . im pretty certain . ive hear terrible stories from professors , and some people have even said that its not worth it ... but i think im just scared , and cant imagine myself doing anything other than ... ya , it feels like this slump has been building up over the past couple years or o . while messing around with meditation and positive psychology techniques , ive discovered non-resistance , ... ya , lately ive been messing around with meditation and qigong , being that i have the chi flow of a kung-fu genius . curious about yoga too . i wonder how well these alternative therapies can ... well , i would really love to go to grad school . i need to talk to my adviser about that . im terrified ! so i'm a senior in college this year . psychology . age 21 . been diagnose with depression anixiety and adhd . on meds , yada yada yada . so far , i've been doing really well in school . until this ... let it be known to all , that not only have i created a new word ( ironicism ) , but also a sanctuary in which all who will it can gather to express all of the incidents of strange / funny irony that is ... yes , i understand that having any type of luck would just be how much you believed in luck , and from that belief , you would be unconsciously led to situations and things that bring good or bad ... how'd you get rid of it ? what was your childhood like ? are you a fuckin nutjob ? have you ever been to a crazy home ? do you slice your wrists , kill animals , or see dead people ? are you depressed as fuck , like a tongue depressor , that of which you have a ... heeey you people ... sup . i am a fucking hypocrite . but not a negative judgmental one , but one who knows that he is a fucking hypocrite . why don't people like them ? because they tell people to ... you're fucking welcome ! boredom is so fucking weird . and chronic boredom is deadly ! but ive found that it isn't a matter of being bored , its a matter of finding things as rewarding , meaningful and stimulating . so ... ya its weird . even with anxiety issues , i still seem to radiate arrogance and confidence on some subliminal frequency . this is why i will sometimes find specific types of people staring at me , or why ... there is a fighter jet . it looks like a cross between an f - 18 , f - 16 , and f - 35 . this game , is the closest to a movie that a video game is going to get . i don't think i've ever gotten so into a video game's story and characters ! each character has their own personality and the ... '