' approaching this from a how would i do it if i were a serial killer ? perspective i guess i'd do it for the hell of it ( i've seen some people mention boredom as one reason and one or two comparisons ... kithkin is absolutely fantastic . one of my new favorite bands https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=F13sErN5JP8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=OAP3mk-O1GI one of my new favorite bands . these guys are great . eels brand new album . i love it so far . mark oliver everett , or mr . e , is a brilliant musician and person . his music has consistently punched me right in the emotional balls for years now . the ... : shocked : intps aren't normal in this way , i guess . also , if an intp is talking about an idea of theirs , of course they're going to talk about it like they've made up their mind . as far as ... mainly for entertainment , i would guess . also it brings a change of pace , socially , that can be positive for intps . i'm ( not surprisingly ) often uncomfortable in social situations , especially ones ... ^ drugs work too haha . ask them how they feel ? create a situation so emotionally distressing that they explode from the pressure ? wait for them to let it out naturally ? really , there's not much an outsider can do to ... alternate indie pop / rock with some electronica , mostly . i'm not as up on what we're calling the lingo so i understand my own preferences more through the actual sound than the words to describe the ... i dislike the show a lot . the characters are all annoying , the episodes have generally bad storylines , the jokes fall flat , and a lot of this nerd humor is just making a reference to some staple of ... a little late answering this but oh well . if i'm barely tolerating someone's presence i devote a lot of my energy to not telling them to fuck off . my jaw usually clenches and i won't move so much ... heyooo also welcome , i hope you have a pleasant stay . as an intp male that hasn't had the most fruitful experiences in the dating world , i'm inclined to say that the men have it harder , but that'd be presumptuous and close-minded of me . as a male , ... been listening to eels a lot lately . these are a couple of my favorites . things the grandchildren should know is something that i think a lot of other intps might be able to connect to .  ... what is this other way in which you consume marijuana ? also , not to derail the thread , but which drugs in particular would you classify as hardcore ? is that like heroin and meth and the stuff ... the actual smoking itself is not good for you . the act of smoking implies combustion which creates carbon monoxide . carbon monoxide is not good for you . granted , when compared to smoking tobacco , ... i'm an angsty teenager blah blah blah no one understands me etc . i'm beginning to realize just how full of shit the adults i've been taught to trust and believe in really are . they're just as ... a fellow intp coined the term hurm but i've since repurposed it to suit my own needs . i use it as essentially a nonsense phrase that i say any time i don't have anything to say but think that the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIN_cpdLyw4&feature=relmfu 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? younger of two 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? visual , ... i don't know any estps but i'm sure i could get along with them and i haven't met an istp or entp that i didn't get along with . i approve of the formation of a tp alliance . i had a lot to say , i swear . i had a whole rant and everything floating around in my head . i lost it , though . everything's just so empty . hurm . 1 . no , i am not especially religious at all . if i were to be lumped in with a specific group i'd probably be atheist / agnostic / deist . i definitely do not believe in the traditional god of ... wall-e the naked sun by isaac asimov ( most of his stuff , even ) stuff like this . if we reached a point where no work was necessary , we'd stagnate . we have nothing to do , robots would be capable ... i get that a lot , too . i get more uncomfortable , though , trying to figure out how to react than anything else . not to sound egotistical but i really do feel that i'm more intelligent than the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofOrjpjfD4c&feature=channel&list=UL love these guys . i actually get to see them tomorrow night . they'll have that awesome led wall with them then , so i'm pretty ... my grades are on the mediocre side of good . i manage to keep mostly as and bs although i put in practically no effort whatsoever . i'm generally pretty good on quizzes and tests which compensates for ... my enfp friend once told a relative stranger that the way to win my heart was to flip me off and say fuck you . the person did that to which i responded only if you ask politely and it was all ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoqZOR9DTi4 when trying to say i'm not much of a people person , you've accidentally just said i'm not a person and then didn't correct yourself when you realized the mistake . which youtubers besides ijustine have been getting into it ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoS0P3aHGtA my closest group of friends are all different flavors of nps . of the four of us , i'm an intp , there's an entp , an infp , and an enfp . i really like hanging out when it's just the four of us ... how odd . did you ever end up going there or seeing her again ? that seems like it would have been interesting . i probably would have gone even if it has the potential to make me uncomfortable as hell . minnows . i always won that because the shark never caught me . star wars or star trek ? is anyone else incredibly annoyed by the name of that band , fun . ? no capitalization and that fucking period at the end . if you're making a name for your band , i don't think it's wise to make a name ... i'm not sure if there are drugs / alcohol involved here or if you're being quite literal with the current thought aspect of the thread . either way , welcome to the forum ( i notice this is your first ... just wrote this on facebook ...  ... i guess i shouldn't be surprised that so many people think i'm a weird person ... so the power goes out : what do you do ? you reach for your phone and update ... i spent almost an entire afternoon watching as many of her videos as i could find . definitely an intp or at least appeals to an intp audience . ahaha . i find a strange bit of humor in the fact that you asked not to be called a robot and were immediately confronted with the perc robot . maybe you two can become friends ? : tongue : anyway , ... i'm in the same boat as boowells . not quite old enough to vote but as soon as i turn 18 i will be fully exercising my right to not vote at all . boowells actually said exactly what i think about the ... how cool would it be if , overnight , all the guns of the world suddenly turned into supersoakers ? war would actually be pretty cool . the only drawback i can see from this is the loss of ... i put my dad down as esfj and infj for my mom but i may be completely wrong . i generally avoid spending time with them which makes it harder to type them . needless to say i don't get along well ... so yeah , i haven't really decided if i want to add anything else . i'd like to but all of my ideas for added features seem too out of place or beyond my skill level . 46809 thoughts ? similar ... i'm not sure i fully understand what the object is ... am i looking for a picture that presents two polar opposites with each one representing one type or the other , or am i looking for a picture ... so i guess to some extent this should probably be in the what enneagram type am i ? subforum but i guess i'll just throw it here . my main question is in regards to the variants of each type ( sp , ... of course . we could do this ocean's eleven style . or , if that's too heroic in that weird way where a movie can release your inner criminal and make you root for the group of masterminds that go ... i doubt it . well that's that , i guess . at least the doubt and false hope is out of the way . : unsure : '