i have to say i hate people who can't see how their actions influence others ' lives ... to sleep in peace you can go full istp and get 3m earplugs and a face mask for sleeping . also i love infjs ... sounds like ne attention whoring the beginning and the ending lyrics open up the song introvert feeler cries alone , extroverted feeler cries with people ... fucking simple one could learn to be assertive by resolving conflict , could try to create a small conflict on purpose and handle it observant , quiet , read my math books all the time , drew on the walls , bored as hell , played with toy cars alot i reveal nothing i seal everything in the waterfall i shower with every drop you fall fall with eyes closed don't step aside sink like a ghost in a haunted river yes , you are coming on too heavy ! ! you need to join the present moment in order to enjoy your time with other people . personally i don't want friends either , but sometimes you just feel like ... i have observed an infj that is carefully listening to someone in a group , and it is fascinating . it looks like the infj is mesmerized by the person she is listening to . i think she could just listen ... i have a dead cat i do not have personal experience about this . but evil , you might be interested of this estp guy's take on your topic : tongue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZor61hLVw0 well yeah that's pretty lame actually , why not just do it all the way . then go full si and get your life nicely together and think how crazy you were . yeahhh i'd figure ne & ne is lots of fun . i had a good word to describe your post but i forgot it . ni people probably love ne people for the information they give for their ni minds , but so do ... some may be socially awkward , even though they possess very good social skills . they can feel alone in the world for some reason , they can be very competitive . i've actually talked with an entp ... well infp , - , - i don't think i've had best friends , but i used to have 2-4 intuitives as friends years ago . a friend to me means someone who actually cares to bother me and most of my better ... this should classify as lame dark humour : https://s14.postimg.org/e9wkb0bgd/sponge.jpg entps i know usually like sex jokes and don't seem to be affected by telling jokes which may seem ... i was highly impulsive as a child so i might have adhd . my threshold to get angry has greatly risen as i've gotten older . i still rarely have very quick illogical outbursts of emotions towards other ... i really like jim carrey , his spiritual thoughts are fascinating . yeah well am i supposed to tell something about myself in order for you guys to correct my typing or something https://www.dropbox.com/s/8xnyobluw554elr/File%209.11.2016%200.34.33.jpeg?dl=0 spank him i'll join the skype calls whatever language is going on but spanish should be cool my intuition works just fine thank you ! i never really ignore it even if i get bad looks , because it was okay to extravert it when i was little so i just speak my mind and i will feel bad if i don't ... 23 oooh just get a ring with a beer mug for her then , when she gets upset just mention you are thirsty by the way ha she will be all over your face , i mean angry and stuff ! ! she might get over it though hahah yes they are ! but i like to think someone is working wonders outside of our reality ! children of bodom is so enfp ! here's a music video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0C7DGvaEmXQ ( that is not me playing ! ) i know right ? ! ? ? :D : exterminate : amazing to hear how weird you are . i don't know and i don't really care either :D why can't we just forget these marriage and relationship statuses , just fucking be together if it feels good . if it doesn't work , introspect and try ... this sounds so much like my intj buddy :D but to etudiante , i can relate to you ! i get way more peace of mind with intuitive people , when they can connect with what i mean and am looking for . ti i use , i use it for things like : how can i do this in the smartest possible way and to figure out what i am doing wrong . i have also used it in social situations , while playing a word game ... 596474 i just look for fun things and sometimes i just can't shut up when i come up with a weird comment to what someone said . it feels really good actually to have a streak of awesome ideas from ... humans do everything in their power to survive . it could be fun to change the circumstances on earth and make it a labyrinth , seeing everyone escape . if there were paradises along the way , would ... wow , she needs love xd intp : they love to have fun but they require logical explanations before you tell them anything . like to counter-brag about things that catch their attention ! intj : actually amiable ! they prefer to ... i read that as a human being you should face your emotions . if you put them aside you will become cynical ! i'd just talk it all out to an enfp since they seem really engaged with that . basically if ... you know you are an entp when you watch a space document for 5 minutes and then state everyone what the future is going to be like this totally rocks my socks , i got the sanguine 71 sanguine , 21 melancholy , 21 choleric , 21 phlegmatic :D the description for sanguine , which was already posted totally describes me ! i always ... yes , absolutely need to do this ! figure ways to make money as we travel :P i can do it the next summer ! can i floss your teeth ? this is really hard , since most weird things you would say would just be funny ! you need to cause dismay with no options left for the listener to choose : tongue : i hate ... i need people around me , i am way more happy in a group than alone and i can get frustrated in hours if i am at a cottage only with my introverted parents . in my own place i can be alone for a day or ... for me it seems xnfxs would be the most drawn to entps , because romance begins from a connection which occurs more easily between two intuitives and two sensors , instead of the mix . feelers usually ... just wander north in the nights and when you feel like dying , jump off a sand cliff that is true , it is not easy to be finnish , that guy is literally a part of me . i can be so silent in english social situations .. sapience is to act with thought ? value and belief both need thought work to be born but belief is an intuively formed assumption of something and to value is to admire and to want a certain thing . i ... hi my fellow finn ! ! you are absolutely correct about putin bribing the referees before the games , it sucks ! * finnish dance , shouts perkele * also i almost forgot , i know some poetry about finns ; ... hey oh shit ! ! i meant fennoscandia ! ! thanks for pointing that out i started reading scandinavian history and it was very interesting ! i think in addition to us being in saunas it was because of the ... basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? 21 years on the planet earth 2 ) city , country and / or region ? finland in scandinavia 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? my social life sucks ! i go ... intp https://themindlessphilosopher.files.wordpress.com/2009/02/descartes-meme-4.jpg?w=676