' passive aggression is my biggest pet peeve with any person . it's enough that it is hateful and counterintuitive , but what is most maddening is that i can't detect passive aggression well . even if i ... if you read the thread , you would note that someone else already corrected me on this in the same way you have just done ( a second time is not necessary ) . and i humbly admit to awkward wording . i ... ah yes you are right . what i really mean to say is that i haven't decided whether or not i believe in a divine being . stop making computer viruses and move out of your parents ' basement already goddamnit ! all 16 types ! i was a christian ( baptist ) . then i started studying psychology in college . that stuff will turn you atheist in no time ! although in my case , i am really more agnostic i suppose . i haven't ... correct me if i'm wrong but aren't you implying ( in the bolded portion ) that nts should be taken seriously as opposed to , say , non-nts ? this is similar to your complaint that intjs are considered ... fe users , i love you all , but you scare me . * hugs * * hides * my friends still do not fully believe that i am an infp because of my intellectual aura i suppose you would call it . i think that infps can be quite scholarly but are too burdened with apathy about ... yes i actually do the first of those two often . i've got an ongoing story that i play out in my head when i have nothing to do . if only i had the patience to write all my adventurous tales on ... ( shhh ! shut up , they'll hear you ! ) ... sooo guys , how about that venting stuff this threads been all about ? i will be installing a new ventilation system this week in fact ! ( apology for double post ) why were you banned ? i didnt see anything you said that deserved it ... * is now afraid to exercise my right of free speech * the reason you see all the negative judgments from others is because you are creating them yourself ... or perhaps i should say the fi function is creating them . the p in infp is for perfection . we ... nah haha . i doubt i ever will to be honest . my odd phase of perverse anime is long gone . and thank god . that shit was rotting my brains out : crazy : no offense to those who watch it though . ... ( pssst they rip your balls off ) hello entjs . you guys are pretty great ... i will be leaving now ... * runs away frantically * negative : the subject matter of my post . positive : the fact that you loved my post ! :p roud : while these descriptions may give a basic idea of what each means , there are too many negative connotations such as : messy and unstructured ( p's are not all slobs ) prefers to please oneself ... i assure you your post has been read , and it has also been promptly sympathized and empathized with . i would do nearly anything to find a person who woud accept me and all my intense , perhaps ... in this hypothetical situation you forgot the part where i comit suicide befor any of it takes place . it's a crucial part of the story . ha , but no really i'd probably enjoy myself . i'd get tired ... keitarou wasn't bad ass enough to be an infp . and hina ... crazy ass enfj / esfj sounds about right i think , heh and yes , i am thoroughly embarassed to say i watched the series . you may point and ... * puts on mithril and grabs anduril * let's slaughter some orcs mutha fuckaaa http://i159.photobucket.com/albums/t126/Tee-Kwug/catpeacetrain.jpg ^ i found this to be necessary i do not understand this so i am going to ask you to clarify if you dont mind . what is the conection between being who you really are and at the same time still be moderately ethical . are you ... nah , i just look like an average nerd really . people would probably mistake me for an intp ... i once did that myself actually . i am frustrated right now ! i do not know everything there is to know about the universe and the purpose of existence ! arggg analyzing people , their social role and their general image they present = sociology = science . on another note , i agree that nts are more likely to know a lot about a topic . i find that if i ... writing stories is too tedious and although i try , i always stop writing early . i'm too impatient to physically write all of my ideas down on paper . instead i come up with stories in my head , ... ok i've been debating this one for a while . i'm pretty sure hes a sensor because he uses established ways of getting food from his master ( begging via crying ) . he also seems like a thinker because ... noone wins in an argument . in a debate however , everyone wins , assuming that the debate does not turn into an argument . the two are very different things in my view . one is for unhealthy egoists ... * emits positive energy in your direction * your first post here seems very ne-like where you present various theories as to why you could be this type or that . of course , i may be mistaken in my understanding of ne . i didnt intend to make that claim . infps are typically referred to as dreamers . thus i made the connection . this is not to say that they are the only ones capable of dreaming oh and thanks . ... i am a dreamer bzzz the infp radar is going off . yes i relate . the brain likely is not producing enough serotonin . you are not alone here my friend . hugs are sacred , seriously . also ptsd does not need to result from wars . they result from powerfully traumatic experiences in general . for example rape would ... you ... you are such a cruel t type ! no but really , i think you offer valid points . i enjoy talking on the different subforums ( although admittedly i have a bad habit of avoiding the sensor forums ... i will only say one thing : mbti =/ = aptitude test . missymaroon , i like your avatar . pussy cats are my favorite : wink : from my experience enfjs are indeed the best at being simultaneously adorable as a kitten and scary as hell . my heart is truly captivated . my ex was an enfj . she was incredibly overbearing , needed me there 24/7 . also she seemed to be too touchy and huggy with a ton of other guys . i mean i understand a kind , welcoming , gesture like a ... all this fighting over us is quite flattering really . usually my existence is dismissed by everyone so i'm not accustomed to this ! :p roud : * many things in common . be careful , your intp may go balisitic if you screw around with grammar like that : wink : we used to have to write self reflective journal entries for the first ten minutes of every class in one of my classes in highschool . my teacher would always scold me because every class , without ... i am pretty friggin special . i find it interesting how the values of fi are so varried throughout the infp population . i'm not sure i perscribe to the op's beliefs in full but nonetheless the strong expression and positive ... oh i'm not the only infp who harbors innate , powerful , sexual passions underneath the composed and intellectual exterior ? well i'll be damned . anyways , im not quite an archeologist . as a ... negative : i have adhd . positive : adhd is not nearly as debilitating as most psychological disorders ! negative : but i also have chronic depression , anxiety , and insomnia positive : i spent a ton ... i have gone through a similar phase ( but perhaps a little less extreme ) to what you describe in your friend . i was once very quick to fall in love because i desperately wanted to be loved . i also ... i notice this in my fellow infp friend ( shes actually a member of this forum , i hope she sees this message xd ) . however i dont see it in myself as much and i also dont think she sees it in herself ... '