' 1 . i'm apparently really good at giving advice . : kitteh : 2 . i'm a really good listener ! : laughing : 3 . no matter how tense a situation is , i try to make things better by lightening the mood and ... 1 . love ? it is an emotion that is very much mistook for something it is not . very vague , i know . however , there are people these days - some of which my age - that say the word without knowing if they ... i feel really awkward with pming an admin . :/ so i'll settle for this ! may i have my name changed to lennythefilly ? please and thank you ! :) for some very odd reason , my best fan-fictions turn out to be angst-y . why this is , i do not know . o . o mine are a chocolate brown ... they are pretty dark , but seem to light up in the sunlight , like most people's . xd http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snALlNsTyvg just a piece that i heard performed at school . :) now that it is nearing the end of the school year , i really need to step up my a-game and keep steady grades . i have noticed many times that i am gradually getting more lazy and not putting as much ... right now , feeling very much like point 5 , 6 or 7 . > . < http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKy4ie9pM9k one day i will get over my socially awkwardness and go out to make some new friends . for now , i will deal with feeling lonely when my friends are not around . xd i understand what the place holder was ! ( ; _ ; ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T_hV3uyB74 it's an excellent game and made my feels burst . ( > . < ) i reccommend that if you don't want to ... i was feeling really depressed and angry today that i just wanted the world to go away . that was until i checked my text messages today . my cousin had sent me the most up-lifting text messages i ... i have no taste in fashion . i know it , my father knows it , my mother knows it ... pretty much everyone knows it . however , my older cousin ( kaylee ) does not know that . so when i brought it up ... i feel bad for distancing myself from my friends . especially my male friends . whenever they compliment me , i either just smile and throw something at them , or stare and roll my eyes . i do not know ... i really wish that people would understand the boundaries that i set out for them . i really would appreciate it if my friends would respect my personal space and and not try to hug me all the time ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_DhFA77xr4 i am pretty good at making people feel wanted / noticed . :) ( at least i hope . xd ) all of this food is making me hungry . xd thanks for your input , guys ! i personally would like to eat a big bowl of well-mashed potatoes with a big drizzling of gravy . that is just me , but i effing ... i feel bad about the fact that i have a hard time accepting my step mother . then again , she is a new person in my life . i might as well get along with her . sad thing is that my younger brother is ... i have to say that i believe i have a minor case of autophobia . not so much of being alone , but more like having to go through difficult things on my own or being abandoned . that is just me , though ... helluuu ! ! http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqrd4tSYWP1qht847.gif infppp ! ! it is always so nice to see new people here ! :) and intp , huh ? nice to meet chah . :D i hope you ... my dad to come back from his trip to china . ; _ ; * edit : i apologize if there is another thread like this . i did some searching , and did not come across anything like this . if there was , then it might be out of date . sorry again ! * so , i was ... i sometimes wonder if being sensitive is either a good thing or a bad thing . then again , it can also be just down right awkward for the people around you . for me , i tend to be very isolated inside ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owGykVbfgUE ... yeah ... apple pie haha , i know right ? but then again ... whatever . http://mahatest.in/wip/6/whatever-gif-i15.gif i'm a pretty average student ... i do not have the best grades , i know that . at least i am doing just enough to pass ! back in elementary school , i had to take some reading support classes . from what ... dang it . i can not believe i somehow missed that part . : unsure : * smacks self * well , not givin ' up yet ! now let's see ... i'm thinking about the topic the beauty within . maybe start writing things ... how about writing about how you feel or about your favorite scenery ? i know that this might be a bit vague , but for the scenery , describe something that you would like to be around ? we are the ... it's short , yet sweet . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Wa3_rCbEdo * note ! this is both in public and in private . with people meta-chan is not very close to : oh hey there . * yawn * - relatively quiet and shy - indifferent to their words and actions - pretty ... type 5 1 . ) one thing noted about the 5 is that they tend to withdraw . is this just something that happens on instinct , something that just happens in a way ? or do certain things tend to make you ... ... i'll just be leavning this here . this song ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGIAOI1bYuw ... thank you for completely stealing part of my life and turning it into a song . xd hey , ... right now ? lemme see here ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfQpCbvO02g it sounds a bit gloomy to me , but to me , it symbolizes my easy-going attitude right now . i am not really doing much ... i am actually not too bad at math . in fact , i think that it is my best grade in the book so far in school . however , i am struggling with it from time to time . during class , i tend to zone out quite a ... * sigh * me and my sensitivity . why can i not just have a wall of unbreakable steel ? then i can not be hurt ! ( more or less ... ) i do not understand why i always feel like i am going to cry whenever ... nice to meet you ! :) can't wait to see you around . i'm sorry that i can not do much in helping you find out which one you are , but i wish you good luck ! i hope that you enjoy your stay here ! from ... well ... my best friend is music . it really understands me . :') this person - > me < - been forever alone since preschool . xd it's such a beautiful arrangement . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3C79ebnUMY i am a yellow , abstract tan , lavender .   ...  ...  ... i say do it . and that is not just me being a generation z person . i usually feel awkward about the thought of posting in a generation much farther than i am in . i guess it is the problem of not ... i tend to dress comfortably . my usual attire : - a graphic t-shirt or a long sleeved shirt at other occassions ( like if it is cold ) - a pair of pants / jeans - plain white athletic socks / just socks ... i have daydreamed conversations and a number of other things . heheh ... most times , i end up talking to myself because i can not day dream any other way . my friends and family think it is pretty ... where would you live ? there is nowhere specific . i would very much love to live in some sort of village / city in a forest of some sort . a place that is not too loud and not too quiet , but has its ... decided to post another recording . yup .   ... i should probably be sleeping right now . nah . vocaroo | voice message hiya ! i'm an infp and i got a bit excited when i saw the title of this . xd in any case , regardless of you type , i hope to see you around the forum . i am pretty new here myself , so navigating ... i'm just a dreamer . just because i zone out does not mean that something is wrong . :) . . . . . i'm just plotting your absolute demise . me just ... talking about my day at high school . yay for gym . xd vocaroo | voice message whenever i am thinking to myself , i tend to talk out loud / to myself . it is usually just murmurs and such , but it seems to happen a lot . i must have gotten it from my dad . he talks to himself a lot ... missymaroon : yup , 6 has been a type that i seem to see myself being associated with . oh , i have seen myself as an so / sx type . i would say that is pretty accurate ... although , so / sp also comes to my ... '