' if you are having problem with your type , you should probably use less tests and learn more about the theory , because at some point you will notice your typing to be more evident . one of the main ... indeed infp shares half the same functions with intj . it sounds logical that a te explanaition is suggestive for an inferior te , since inferior functions when displayed by others tend to take the ... dreamer 777 atually i meant the movie called megamind . and then i meant you don't need to watch it . anyhow i was attempting to imagine how you think about categories and it also became clear to ... dreamer 777 see megamind for more intel . no , but really , what is it that you were trying to make an argument about ? because i can see that the way you attempt to explain things is highly ... the case of ni and se seems different , but analogue . ni filtering from se by a ni dominant would seem more fluid in ni dominants , in that ni is filtering se's data with less attachment to the ... don't know if this has been discussed , but i like the general approach of the thread creator , altough i disagree on some definitions specially on ne because it apparently gives it the quality of ... i hate it , i hate it , i hate it ! ! ! so what do i hate ? oh right cognitive functions should be independent from types and not be explained according to types ... anyhow ni is described as goal ... also i don't know if this has been mentioned , but part of the subjective is the collective unconscious . this quality of ni is mentioned by jung . so to speak ni doesn't start at point 0 to start ... make sense as in following x or y rules of reason , z leads towards true , yes this is thinking for me too . from my perspective , that orientation in information processing is directly ... so you fear both death and suffering ? - didn't really read all the posts - this is what i mean by j / p dichotomies being irrelevant for the typing . first look for how the functions are related to each other . as far as my interpretation tells , there should be ... your definition somewhat applies ( indeed you take out object / subject ) how do you differentiate this from te ? so myers briggs is badly assigned , and because of this bad assignment , mbti ... i recomend you read classics in the history of psychology - - jung ( 1921/1923 ) chapter 10 if you really want to directly go into the essence of the functions and maybe do some introspection , just to ... hmm i think you might make an argument about it , but as i see it now the differentiation about functions is clearer for me as jung pointed them , then as the mbti is approaching them , because of the ... yes jung comes to ni dominance at certain point in his investigation around 1913 when he starts experiencing the collective unconscious and the archetypes , as he realizes the potential of within is ... what about ti dominant with ni auxiliary just like carl jung : tongue : this may be out of order but im going to say it anyways . mbti has a glitch where it is assumed that ( in your particular case ) dominant ni coupled with fe are unique for infjs or fi dominant ... the following article argues in favor of pure types governing mbti distribution . enjoy ! :p roud : a third principle governing the distribution of mbti type across the enneagram essence : what does it mean to you changing type ? temperament can be modified through kundalini yoga ; whether you are energetic or not depends on your breathing pattern . energetic types ... yes i have my bias , and i have my ego : the ego is useful for survival , i'm not implying it is a bad thing , but you keep interpreting this so . your cognition is your ego and my cognition is mine , it ... take your time . when dealing with relationships you need to focus on your fi side , to notice what you value personally . usually this information will come just after your ordinary rationalization of ... @ sweetsurrender : are you calling for a consensus to rectify my type ? lol the user rather exposed the logical sequence of how it is monitoring the processing of information in both itself ... we agree on this this twisting of meanings as you call it , ni users call interpretation , it's like using ti but never stopping at the most appealing leverage . there is your most appealing ... actually i believe ni relates more to ti ; ni is like ti but dynamic . it gathers leverages from where to look at things , but rarely stops at certain leverage , because it needs to keep on constructing , ... it's alright to believe there is such a thing as loops , my argument was rather the whole text , you try to understand it by dividing it into pieces , but if you do so you won't understand how it is ... hehe that's right , but also ni sees how the process leads ti to justify and accommodate the information for it to be logical . i believe si in intps works as an auxiliary of ne , it gives ti an extra perception of consistency to stabilize the angles from where to adhere it's logical frameworks . so in intps ti conceives what ... i think i can see how you could have arrived at such a theory , but i'm very skeptical about whether it is truly as you described , or if a person might confuse it's functions with their opposite ( in ... intj if i give you 30 % off for one or 50 % off for two , that would be 1 free every 3 clases or instead 1 every two , then each months cost sums total 160 or 240 , which means you could be paying 50 % ... you seem to notice lots of subtle details and try to read into the directly available information . i interpret this as extroverted sensing in action . se is described as this external attention to ... in general i was rather referring to fi being present in intjs and fe in intps . fi is consistent and rather hard to change ; it subjects moral to the identity of the user , in the case of entjs this ... i like where yours thoughts are directed , everything in reality is illusive since it is interpreted by the observer so relativism definitely there as proved by einstein ; but also higher perspective ... about the sequence of the functions , the order should be definite and imply subdued usage of such subordinated functions , but this shouldn't imply the efficiency of the functions is higher when used ... i recently wandered into introspection and noticed that whilst brainstorming it is common ( in my particular case ) to speak faster ( also carelessly ) , what could be related to stressful ne-ti usage ( i ... about the nuances sorry about that , i did think we would expect our opinions ( as intjs ) to have a healthy back-up , that's why i was surprised when you just said it couldn't work , without hesitation ... about the semantics , if someone is to give an opinion he / she should read , analyze and reflect first . i stated something and then that was misunderstood seemingly in purpose ( could be that's not how ... are you aware that you cut my phrase where i explained ... that being manipulative and abusive is highly stupid for not noticing how the environment is being affected ? are you aware that mutually ... ok i have read jung and never came to interpret extraverted functions as being time-attached . i understand possibilities emerge in the present , in the sense that possibilities can only emerge in the ... all the neighbors who can't have peace : crazy : hahaha , yes that what you mentioned about being aware of future possibilities is right , but can you please tell me where it is said that ne is present attached . also i'm sorry but the underlined ... not always but it is rather most probable that highly intelligent people have a wider perspective , reducing the bad decisions is the point there ; we have no universal knowledge as humans so , we make ... so your opinion as valued by yourself as highly intelligent is that doesn't work ? ? ? seriously ? ? not even a : this doesn't work because ... and what works is ... ? ? ? come on anyone could take that ... hahaha sorry i forgot to say you only get to say what the highly intelligent people opinion is , when you are highly intelligent ... i thought that what obvious ... :p roud : politics suck , specially in democracy where most people selecting who is to rule are average intelligent ( obviously ) and have no idea of what's plausible or feasible . there are enough popularity ... haha i play sports and i like seeing strategy regardless of sport or activity catalyze people and extemporaneously shape situations ; ne sees potential regardless of time . can use present or past information to visualize scenarios . i also understand what psilo meant , i'm just ... indeed by big-picture panorama is meant ; because when you see in a panoramic way , some details are overlooked , this image is used as a contrast . if you literally think of both a big ( as in large ) ... what do you mean by specializes in cerebral cortex ? thanks for the articles i had outdated infos about temperament ; to tell the truth i'm into psychology of neuroscience and temperament is usually badly understood in such branches . not that i don't ... what i meant is temperament isn't biological proved as opposed to gray matter thickening , if you can't see the importance of the body in relationship with behavior and cognition i suggest you try to ... '