' fallout 4 ! ' the wanderer ' - dion . ^ _ ^ thank you so much for the responses so far ! i really appreciate it and hope others will be willing to share too . ^ _ ^ if you have given online dating a go , what was the outcome ? would you recommend online dating to others ? if you haven't given online dating a go , what's holding you back ? thank you for ... 4 quick questions infj guys and girls if you please . 1 ) what do guys think of girls who wear gaming or superhero etc shirts ? 2 ) what do guys think of guys who wear gaming or superhero etc shirts ? ... oh yes , most definitely ! :D wow akiahtokage ! so aptly said and it also rings true for me too . love it :D i'll admit that i also fell for the hiddleston quotes ☺ we all have 2 lives . the second one begins when you realize you only have one . you'll never win unless you also stand to lose . 1 ) poked you with a stick repeatedly and when you turned to react , i run off screaming random gibberish only to return again ? in my head reaction : i would ask you to hand the stick over so i could ... these are my thoughts exactly > _o i was watching an interview with tom hiddleston and he spoke of these 2 quotes which he had picked up from somewhere . i really liked them and wanted to share them with you . :) we all have 2 ... loving the declaration . i find it to be clever and quirky . i laughed after reading it . it certainly got my attention haha . an outdoor setting would be nice to allow that freedom of not having to be cooped up with lots of people and also a chance to escape for bit if you needed it . if indoors , plenty of secluded corners ... i hope this relates to what you mean in terms of being visual . but i find that when i am reading a book , i seem to memorize what i have read and catalogue the information in the dark recesses of ... love your post because much of it resonates with me . :) i am an infj and i ... hate it when people end a conversation with we'll have to catch up and i know that won't be the case . enjoy people watching ( not in a stalker-type way , mind you ) i ... hi everyone , i'm curious to know how infjs react to different situations and what i mean by that is immediate response , not after you've had time to think about it later as you probably will :) ... i don't care about you or your feelings . go tell someone else about your problems . awesome ! i get to meet and talk to all these new people i don't know . i am a people person . who cares ... because sometimes when you feel like you're the only marshmellow out there and noone understands you , you can always come here and know that you're safe amongst all the other marshmellows , who are ... please just cut my hair . i really don't want to have to make small talk . i can't believe i just read my way through 8 pages of the thread any submissive loving girls out there ? alpha male ... love this line ! don't pick on the weak otherwise we might have to pull a gandalf on you if you don't back up . : wink : maybe we need to stop hiding out in our houses and find some other people's houses to hide out in : laughing : hello , i'm just doorknocking to see if you have an infj hiding out at your residence ... i smiled reading your post :) lego is cool . thanks for sharing ! kadda 1212 i think your room sounds cool and that its cute that you read articles on wookiepedia . woohoo ! another gaming and literature geek . as well as reading , i'm a bit of a writing geek too . and yes , you can be an art geek too :) hi all , i've been pondering for a while now as to whether i should start a thread on the topic of infj geeks in case the word geek may unintentionally offend some people but i'll be the first to ... oh great , let the small talk begin ! please don't ask what i've been up to because the answer you know i'll give you is nothing much . but then you know i'll ask you the same thing and then you can ... anywhere quiet that allows me the opportunity to escape into any book i am currently reading . location is not so important as long as i have a good book :) this is a * hug * for all those who are reading this wondering when they will be getting their own hug . the answer is now :) * hug * as much as you may try , you can't save everyone . sometimes you just need to let them save themselves . it's okay . 11 . infjs don't have secret powers . or do we ? > _0 wow , i feel like an enigma with my results . no high scoring acts of service anyone ? :( 10 - acts of service 9 - quality time 7 - words of affirmation 3 - receiving gifts 1 - physical touch ... thanks for starting this thread ! it's funny that you wrote about this subject matter because i was just talking to someone the other day about whether this sort of behaviour would be considered ... i had gone out shopping the other week and i saw this cute little toddler holding his daddy's hand . he was doing that funny kind of toddler walk where their legs go clumpity clump without the ... great thread ! it made me smile all the way while reading through it ! ! :D i'm not really sure how or when my brain decides when something is important enough to remember . but sometimes , it will be ... how very interesting ! i've just started documenting strange coincidences that have been happening to me as of late in an attempt to see if there some sort of correlation or pattern that i can see ... yep , just like a clam . reassure me that it's safe to let you in and you'll find a pearl inside ( or just mushy gooey clam meat ) hehe . show signs that you are untrustworthy and i will slam my clam ... i'm not sure if this would be his cup of tea but here i go . since you said that he was into organic things and plants , that stuck out in my head . as plants do die , would it be too much to make ... i like all shades of blue . i also like red and adore black :D i don't have 5 so i'll donate the other 2 to someone else who may need extras > _0 i can watch ufc and really enjoy watching ufc but i can not watch a documentary on childbirth > _ < i think i can imagine the pain the mother's must be going through giving birth to their child and the ... that sounds exactly like what i do . i don't necessarily ask them questions or talk to them all that much but whilst they are chatting away to other people , i observe their mannerisms etc like i'm ... all those bolded and underlined , i second them , in particular vash the stampede :D add to that spiderman , the winchester brothers from supernatural , indiana jones , solid snake , spike spiegel ... the onion knights ! ! we can be hard to figure out but we will stand up for what we believe in and we will stand by you when you need us . wow ! i really love what you wrote . beautifully written and true ! :D describe a body part / s in accordance to infjs . use whatever body parts you deem appropriate . have fun ! ! an infj's mind is ... like a labyrinth of thoughts and information that is stored in ... oh my , what have i started ? * cue end of the world music * lol j / k ! ! maybe you and your guy have different love languages so you express affection for each other in different ways ? i'm not sure , i'm just saying ? ! ? there is a love languages test you can both take ... wow ! ! so this is what i get when i don't visit for a couple of days . an overload of information all at once . overwhelming and makes me want to run away and hide for a while lol . i thought i was ... so , after reading a thread where there seemed to be a little heated conversation over ' nice ' guys . it made me want to know what various people's definition of a ' nice ' guy were . please feel free to ... i definitely get those 2 . i also get ; can you do me a favour ? my answer , sure . wow , i feel like i have been doing all the talking . i should stop now . to this , i will say , no , no , go ... '