' 3/10 . 8/ 10 . i tend to be reclusive , not really caring for social contact , even sometimes with those i trust . i can appear cold and aloof . i can be seen as an independent , stingy busybody . i swing between two ... 6/10 . i'm into acting and improv , and more recently , slam poetry . i like performing in general , actually . to be fair , though , i used to be a lot more infj as a kid and i guess some of that stayed . my sister is an infj , and someone thought she was mute the first three or four months that they knew her because she almost never spoke in public . yeah , it's probably just him . crackfic is just ... why ? fluff is disgustingly happy , and also boring . entj . reminds me of the name of someone i know in real life . enfp . text talk . if you're on your phone and you need to send a quick message , it's okay in small doses . however , if you're on the computer ... is it really that hard ? i don't read much fanfiction , but when i do , it's mostly adventure or action based with the occasional more drama-filled au . in terms of watching things , it's usually action / adventure , comedy ... infj , then inxj , and now intj . it was a pretty gradual process from the second to third , though . hey there , welcome to percafe . hope you find what you're looking for here . hey there , i'm an intj as well . i can completely relate to your experiences with the mbti , and i hope that you find what you're looking for here . passively , i guess ? it's usually more along the lines of , oh , these two characters suit each other and / or have the potential to be in a relationship . and it pretty much ends there . i totally missed it when you got it ( dang ) , but congrats . i'd probably want to go somewhere relatively quiet , maybe a cabin in the woods or something . i've never really considered the possibility of marriage since i'm not usually into ... well , people in ... i wouldn't say that we ( i . e . intjs ) would get upset , but blanking out is a definite possibly . don't be overemotional on purpose but if that's what happens , just let it be . he should still ... yeah , two sisters five and nine years younger respectively . infj and suspected infp , if that counts for anything . for reference's sake , i'll call them c and a instead of ' the older one ' and ' the ... i think that i started to realise it when i was six when i was given extra language arts ( i . e . english , but with a fancier name ) homework that involved classic novels instead of the picture books ... i like chess and was pretty good at it as a kid , but i don't know about now . on the other hand , i enjoy scrabble more , but i seem to lose a lot because almost all the people i know that actually ... i don't own a car and i hate transit , so i walk almost everywhere i need to go . i also snowboard sometimes during said season , which is usually from late november to mid april where i live . hey chi , welcome to percafe . the thing about this site is that it's relatively easy to find like-minded people around , so i'm sure that looking in your type forum will help , or at least help you get ... still in high school , but at least i'm almost done . i don't know how helpful i can be , but my father is an istj and both my sister and mother are infjs , so i've seen a lot of related interactions first-hand . body language is ridiculously important , ... both my sister and mother are infjs and it was extraordinarily easy to type my mother , but typing my sister correctly took some time . for a while , i thought she was an infp , but after reviewing the ... oh , hi barracudachu . and eh , that's okay , you're a different person and therefore different from what i'm used to . to be able to talk to other people about mbti-related topics without getting blank ... it seems to be working now ( ' neutral ' instead of ' other ' ) , so thank you ! the current gender options are male , female , and other , but it seems that the neutral option is still there but not actually available for selection . backstreet boys - millennium . that is literally the only album where i like all the songs on the album . intj and remus lupin . or book ginny , ' cause book ginny is the bomb . technically not a book , so to say , but i'm reading oscar wilde's plays . lady windemere's fan , the importance of being earnest , and so forth . eydimork , that would work well for those who identify as being male sometimes and female sometimes , such as bigender or some genderfluid individuals . however , some such as myself do not identify as ... i enjoy puns and things far too much so here , have some . i'm friends with twenty-five letters of the alphabet . i don't know y . any salad can be a caesar salad if you stab it enough one ... when you learn how to do something with ease but are unable to actually physically do it . when other people ask you to help them organise the documents and pictures on their ridiculously messy computers because all yours are ( and always have been ) filed and sorted . when you only use your skype account for the text feature and claim illness whenever someone suggests that hey , maybe we should actually talk for once . no thank you . i selected ' other ' as my gender , as i identify as agender , but the icon space under my avatar in the forums doesn't appear to be linked to an actual icon . this also appears to be the case with others ... actually ? that's uncanny . that was no trick , so high fives all around . there's a thread for aces somewhere around here , but it's either somewhat new or not particularly active . no problem . thank ... intj deist , but raised lutheran . hey there . i just visited your profile and we have the same enneagram type too , so there's that . yeah , i've been wandering around these forums today and i think that's the right word . interesting ... i've never been mistaken as one , but i was very isfp when i was younger and still occasionally function as such . i don't have to like it , though . suddenly he realized what the answer to the problem was , and it was this , that something very weird was happening ; and if something very weird was happening , he thought , he wanted it to be happening ... intj . maybe around 5/10 because a lot more people know me than i thought but i don't associate with that many people . two of my friends are infp , although one of them is more of a friend by default . my other friends are a suspected intp , a suspected esfp , and a suspected enfp . as noted in the title i am an intj . almost definitely , in fact . i also happen to be completely surrounded by xnfps , so it'd be nice to interact with a variety of people for once as opposed to just ... '