' people always comment on my walk , weirdly . i don't really notice other peoples ' walks .. they must use se more than i do ( is that se ? whatever the noticing details thing is ) i've had a couple ... the word ' bubbly ' always makes me cringe . not that there's anything wrong with it , it just usually seems to imply shallow . bubbles are empty . i was actually extremely shy and kept to myself when i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9t2M8-GBlQ watching ricky gervais in interviews , he really seems like an f . hyper sensitive to what other people think , offending people , etc . wow ! that's nuts . you really do put yourself out there , ha ! i think i'm a 3w2 . good question .. either a superhero movie or a scary one ;) or a comedy . haha nice ! i'm sure you're very fun :) yeah she really does remind me a lot of myself . i think she's more likely to want to ' experience ' things , as you were describing , more than me . i don't ... interesting ! :) i took it and it says i'm a 3w2 .. i do get a lot of jennifer lawrence comparisons though haha hmm . i feel pretty successful career wise ! do you mean mega successful ( i . e . famous , rich , etc . ) ? personally i have big dreams and get very excited about them , but they morph . let's say at one point ... ha i do that story thing all the time .. i like smart humor , situational , mocking weird people ( like in seinfeld or arrested development ) .. i'll take anything really . a lot of stuff out there is ... hey thanks ! you guys are sweet :) i always walk away from the enfj forum feeling like i got a big hug ha . richard pryor's awesome ! i feel like we have a great representation in comedy . to answer ... i do web / graphic design and stand up comedy i've gotten a lot better about being direct . i used to lead people on by accident , but i did feel horrible about it . i wanted to make them feel like the most special person in the world . but at ... lds ( mormon ) i don't think i'll ever question my enfjness again after reading this thread .. i can feel someone really right for me out there somewhere ( is my idealism showing ? ) , but i haven't met him yet . i know when i do , i'll give everything to him , easily . but right now , it's very hard ... if you find yourself analyzing a passing comment by someone you barely care about for the rest of the day . ha all of those are me too . the first one ! some people actually take to it alright , i'm guessing fellow n's . i'm counting on them seeing the randomness as charming . this throws me off when people ... i hate getting slammed with random bouts of depression . i'm usually hopeful and excited about the future but when this happens it feels like there's a wall right in front of me and i feel unmotivated ... there's an interesting argument for frank from house of cards being an enfj http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/148482-house-cards-personality-types.html i didn't see it at first , ... really ? i'm blushing i was drawn to estp's aloofness . he was a big man on campus jock type . they're a challenge because they seem so in the moment and hard to pin down , like a butterfly . i felt emotionally unsatisfied ... ugh thank you . you're not alone i'm a little too sarcastic and pretty dang deadpan . but like others mentioned i use it to bond with people . like i like you and we're close enough that i feel i can tease you . but you're right , ... if you want to give it another try , here are my tips ; - establish a friendship with them first so they can gain your trust and emotionally adjust - get in contact with a observation or comment ... it is my least favorite thing getting misjudged . my least least least favorite stereotype is that we're not serious , not deep , or not smart . i feel like we're opposite of the three ! drives me ... i swear we're the same person , every post you write makes it weirder well i just broke up with my boyfriend . when he first came over to explain himself i was super understanding and nice . later the next day i'm walking home and start to feel all of the emotions ... - like above said , pretty easy to feel grateful generally - empathy , being able to see how someone else is thinking or feeling - knowing what to say and watching people start to feel better - knowing ... good to know ! :) yes ! on another note i don't like that i can't ' be in the moment . ' i never really enjoy the present , most of my excitement and happiness comes from the anticipation of the future . which means i ... uh kelly is definitely not a t ! haha you know when someone's telling a made up story and they can't come up with a random name on the spot .. i never understood that . lying and improv comes pretty easy to me . i'm guessing that's an enfj ... i just saw braveheart again and the film depiction of william wallace seems enfj to me i know you posted this forever ago , but that's funny , people compare me to her too ! ha i always relate to your posts when you're watching a movie : you're usually pretty good at predicting the ending , even twists . you pick up every scrap of symbolism and foreshadowing sometimes i focus less on the movie and ... we're pretty good flirts if you ask me ! except when i find someone i have a big crush on . my social skills go out the window and i start saying stupid stupid .. stupid . things . but yeah it is hard ... yes ! :) when i get depressed i turn into a weird inversion of myself . i get drawn to dark music and books and ideas . i also crave attention but without asking for it , if that makes any sense . i hear , and ... i totally agree with what everyone says about ' not wanting to be pulled out . ' it's weird . when i'm depressed everything seems hopeless and pointless and i just want to stay in my little hole and ... i've always thought of her as an enfj ! love her speaking of sassy and charming , 87093 hahahah what the heck ! talk about snippets of my soul . when you have a raging love for to do lists . when you have to keep your explosive happiness and extensive complimenting on a leash for fear of being seen as disingenuous . this only happens to me ... enfp mom + istj dad = enfj me ? :) i wonder how much is nature vs . nurture . my mom's an enfp . so you might be an enfp mom is your daughter's friends all rave about how ridiculously adorable and cool you are . you might be an enfp if you're at the wheel when your middle ... this is how i feel ! i think about myself in terms of how other people see me . it's so hard to see myself from the inside out . it makes it worse that i'm a type 3 . which makes me all the more inclined ... i don't put much weight ( ha ) in bmi either . at 5 ' 6 my weight's on the higher end of average , but my measurements tell me i'm doing okay . i like this thread actually ! some justice to the curvy girls ... some guys like to cast me as some kind of enigmatic seductive creature . they always say they can't read me , which is funny because i'm not that hard to figure out . show me you like me for me , and not ... enfj 3w2 . any others out there ? hahahaha i think this all the time amen ! '