' usually political activist nts . i genuinely like istps , but interacting with them is difficult . smaug . one of the few characters i've seen that resembles real-life infjs so closely . i know that i'm alone in this conviction , but jesus is a textbook entp . i've actually been waiting for an opportunity to explain this . for exfjs , logic is synonymous with objectivity and fairness . we don't care if an argument is logical ; if personal bias , ... yeah , most of the robot-hearted intps on here are extremely immature ; don't take them seriously . intps are nothing like that in real life . it's because they're funny and unassuming . i'm fairly certain that brad arnold , lead singer of 3 doors down , is an enfj . his songs show a masterfully deep knowledge of human emotions , hopes , and dreams : that suggests xnfj to me . from his ... following sports helps me connect with people , but i have little genuine interest in it . playing sports ? that's another story . pick-up basketball is one of my favorite pastimes . enfj currently studying english literature online . will probably teach it . dream job ? archaeologist ( both field and academic ) , but i simply don't have the money for that kind of ... you just nailed what it's like to be an enxj . because of social butterfly extroversion being misleadingly used in exxj descriptions , i went on for years thinking that i was a total introvert ... those have been my sentiments lately . if that's true , you're probably an exxj like me . they like people , but socializing for it's own sake does not appeal to them ( it has no goal or purpose ) . i only enjoy socializing when there is a ... why did the chicken cross the road ? possible fictional enfjs queen elsa-frozen superman it would be awesome if we could get this stickied ; not sure how that works . offer some of your own suggestions . that's what this ... i thought all infps were sweetish . pulitzer-prize winning author for fiction . ... ( silence ) ... in the dairy section , by the cheese . it's those awesome six-packs we're born with . ( deleted post ) only on internet forums only in b flat . in the stupid ways . ( deleted post ) wow . you guys need jobs . ( deleted post ) yep . ixxjs . my nephew is an intp , and we have a great relationship . he's really laid-back and goofy . we talk a lot about tv shows , movies , philosophy , and our favorite internet memes . in person , they're a ... intj , believe it or not . i could see myself happily married to an entp . we have insane chemistry . you guys can get this thread stickied or whatever . it's started now , so my job is done . quite honestly , i think organizing a minesweeper tournament would be a better use of my time than debating ... the only reason i doubt lawrence is because of her bold , outrageous humor that she flaunts in front of large audiences . i'm more cautious : afraid of what people might think . ( deleted post ) great list ! nowadays i tend to stay away from typing fictional characters ; it's too stereotype-based . if you'll notice , there is a general consensus regarding all characters ' types , and whether ... he's often cited as a fictional enfj , but it's been so long since i've seen the movie that i can't know for sure . great contribution , though . keep ' em coming . personally , i feel that elsa is enfj for a couple of reasons . 1 ) more practical and quicker to take action ( higher se ) 2 ) extremely secretive about herself and her feelings ( infjs aren't ) ... ( deleted post ) one time , while reading a live celebrity q & a with fans , i saw somebody ask do you want to build a snowman ? and thought it was hilarious . i said to myself , next time i see a q & a on pc , i'm going to ... it's to-night here . and very good , thank you ;) my username came from a kid lol . i thought it was ingeniously comical . my original post was actually a quote from frozen , thus the historical reference . nah . i was thinking more like 19th century scandanavia . do you want to build a snowman ? infj - smaug isfj - cinderella esfj - maria vonn trapp intj - aragorn istj - adrian monk i've noticed that most of the other types have a thread like this one . why not us ? this is the best i could do . keep in mind , they're only suggestions . historical nelson mandela ... oh , you mean enxps ? the se that you're describing is the kind used by njs : makes them action-oriented and adventurous . indy's detachment and quick problem-solving is ni . he has an obsessive goal ( always fe-based ) , ... i'm the only nj i love to travel for the purpose of seeing new places and exploring different cultures . it puts me in a dream-like state . the te / fe clash is too strong for me . i can admire their strengths , but the lack of chemistry makes socializing with them extremely difficult . '