' i've heard all my life that you either get algebra or geometry . i can't say why that is . apologies , i was good with calculus . it was trig and geometry , gaaah ! beat them with sticks ! i don't , but i've known people who have . i've always just kind of assumed that they expect to be in there for a little while ? maybe the pipes are clogged ? now , i will grab a book and hop in the tub , ... donuts , italian nachos ( from zio's ) and hot chocolate with as many marshmallows as i can stuff in the mug . hmm , for me , my best were always biology and english . pretty good at algebra too , but geometry / calculus ? kill it with fire ! history and humanities courses comprised a lot of my later education :) did ... i think that with in all things in life , you'll find situations where you stand up for yourself or you just bite your tongue and bearing it . it depends on a lot - the situation , the players , what's ... also voted middle with a little bit of an addendum :) i was my mother's first , but my father's third , so i have two older brothers but only one was raised with us . i have one younger sister . i think what idealismgalore is trying to say is just ignore it . doesn't matter how they look at you , it doesn't make you strange or different . if they have a problem , it's theirs and not yours to ... iamorangetoday is right . if you need to , step back from the situation . she's obviously going through some incredibly unhealthy ( and illegal ) things right now . talk to an adult , whether it be your ... awesome article ! it sounds like the danver's hospital i'd mentioned before :) at the start , at least . danvers eventually got extremely overcrowded , their farm went to ruin and the focus moved to just ... aww , i like to read , personally . or stare at the window at the ground . of course , somehow , that usually attracts the attention of a chatty neighbor , but that's alright :) lol ! i'm bad about remembering , too . i'll be mid-sentence and forget . i'm teased pretty badly at work for it . i think adhd was the catch-all back then . it's autism now . it's really , really crazy . when i'm asked to professionally make a judgement as far as a child's behaviors , i look entirely at control . yes , she's daydreaming , but can she pay attention for any length of time if she's ... there are some indian dishes that are really good that could probably be made without meat . i'm thinking biryani rice . then again , i don't tolerate a whole ton of spice so i'm not sure if it would ... i've had a gray hair ever since i was in my mid-teens , but it was just one . so every time it got big enough , somebody inevitably would tug it out . at about 25 i noticed more popping up and i'm ... what i see with add / adhd diagnosis , more often than not , is a parent running to a doctor and actually shilling for that label . and doctors that will ( going on parent survey alone ) go for it . i sat in ... that's nuts ! one of them is even fairly near me . now i am intrigued and i am about to have an excess of free time and lack of anything really fun to do . if you're familiar with livejournal , there's a ... at the same time , though , i wonder how much time could be devoted to those kinds of pursuits . for much of that time , survival or tending farms probably consumed most time . that said , i share in your ... it depends . i've seen some wonderfully written books that i'll read cover to cover with a lukewarm story . then again , there are some very poorly written stories that i've read cover to cover that ... jd_ has a pretty good take on that . i'll give it a few chapters and if i'm not drawn in , i call it a wash and move on to something else . if it's really , really bad and the writing style and story ... i really don't think it's possible to be too nice :) especially online or on a forum like this . it's always good to see people who are very supportive and genuinely helpful . you don't see too much of ... i really , really hate to say it , but if you're the ' nice guy ' at work all the time , you will get trampled on . don't know how , don't know why . people will take advantage , they might say things or ... gonna go out on a limb and say you're with at & t ? have you contacted them about any upgrade services that you might have ? they could probably point you toward free or low cost options . i think mine is mostly genetic , but i spent a lot of time with the books . i went into glasses at 7 or 8 . by 13 i was in contacts . nearsighted in one eye with an astigmatism in the other . simply can't ... are there any particular styles you were going for ? i live rather near the us border with mexico , so i think what i'm thinking of is probably a lot more traditional than what you're looking for . i'm ... would it be possible to just take the basics until it's time to choose a career path ? think about those things that you like or enjoy doing . do you like cars ? computers ? maybe auto-cad or drafting ? ... if you're completely new to writing outside of an academic setting , i'd highly suggest starting a personal journal . i'm also in agreement with inle . if you really want to write , you pretty much just ... i'm kind of partial to the immortal words of wil wheaton : don't be a dick . i find it's a mostly decent philosophy to live by . there are probably some other caveats in there about hugging more ... i was intrigued , so i went to go see . it looks like most of the time stamps are pretty old in there , so i'd guess there either aren't many or they're swarming other forums . as for your post , i'd ... this is not the book you were looking for i think what really sticks out is the ' forever family ' striking a chord along the lines of forever home . it does seem kind of dehumanizing , but i don't think it's necessarily the message's intent . i ... bombsaway , is there a way to run safari in compatibility mode ? i'm thinking that the site is optimized for an older version of internet explorer , which is why the cursor jumps around in other ... i've kind of come to peace with my socially awkward . i'm pretty quiet until engaged if i'm in a completely new situation , even if i'm with someone i know . we went to a convention with one of my ... oh man ! yeah , they definitely would ! it's kind of crazy considering that school is now supposed to be kids ' ' safe ' environment . we didn't get any physical punishment from the teachers . just had a few ... i recognize both of you :) i can't say i've been here forever , but i've seen your posts and know your avvies and names . this is such a large community , i see so many people in the different ... oooh youngest staffer , huh ? i had that distinction for pretty much the last seven years at work . i really can't complain . i have two co-teachers with me , so we've got it a lot easier than most ... * coughcough * biiig bottle of downy wrinkle releaser . super-sleepy today and for some reason , everybody and their dog wants to go out . fortunately ( or un ) , it has to happen . i must go to the ... i see what you're saying , and then i see calvin and hobbes making faces at me . i can't help but ask myself , what would spaceman spiff do ? it never hurts to be thrifty . when i moved out ( along with pretty much everybody else i know ) , i had the inclination to buy a lot of decoration and fluff to make my apartment cute and comfortable . it ... i have encountered a lot of smooth talkers in my life , but in the end , it's just that . it's all talk . out of curiosity , why do you feel trapped by it ? when i encounter it , i usually walk away . or if ... i agree with brownjaquan . at the same time , if you are dead set on meeting ( or any offline first-time meeting for that matter ) , be sure you meet in a public place . and i'm not talking about a mall at ... pre-kinder :D so full of innocence and awesome at that age . oh , i bet ! none of the other teachers are able to handle the doe-eyes . they refer to them as the little people and if they see one of ... i dated an enfp for awhile . it was a lot of fun . there was something there that just clicked . unfortunately he wanted way more than i did and way too fast and i think we both realized it . i kind of ... awww ! lol i love the little ones ! have you run into the my shoes run fast phenomenon ? at the beginning of this year , i was taking my group into the cafeteria for lunch and one of my boys stopped ... thanks ;D there's a little troubleshooting in me yet ! i'm not entirely certain , but i do believe so :) aha , just wondering :) knowing our browsers may help them address the issue . i just tested it out in internet explorer 10 . in 10 , if you click one of the text editing buttons , it will not let you ... i've noticed this when posting in italics . i haven't tried any of the other special formatting . what browsers do you all use , out of curiosity ? i'm on chrome . i haven't tried internet explorer , so i ... man , they get you sometimes . i had some a couple of years ago who had taken to somewhat sassy language . kid a : b just said ' so ! ' me : it's alright . so isn't a bad word . it's not always a polite ... shenanigans . i love it . bamboozle , dapper , debonair , and one that i've recently discovered ... groak . which is hardly an appealing sounding word , it's mostly the meaning - to watch someone eat ... with all of the physical symptoms , definitely visit your psychiatrist . see if s / he or someone you trust can recommend a good counselor . sometimes it helps just to talk it out with a neutral party , ... '