' happiness is the meaning and purpose of life , the whole aim and end of human existence . - aristotle “ don't aim at success . the more you aim at it and make it a target , the more you are going to ... this isn't really an infp specific answer , but at root i think happiness comes from the habits you form - from the character you create for yourself . lots of infp's are super-emo and usually very ... i think that's one of the uses of a republic . it mitigates power and allows leaders to emerge from among the people , yet also gives the people their say . thus we avoid a complete tyranny of the ... that's fair - i think there's a machiavellian streak in politics . people do not always know what is best for them , and if they knew they would not always want it as it would be immoral . and if ... i didn't care much for politics back in high school . when i moved to community college i became more invested and moved left . now i've come to a school where i am forced to study political ... third rate mussolini . hitler was at least eloquent . my family is evangelical and i grew up in a christian classical school . if it were not for this school , i suspect i would have either become an atheist or neo-pagan of some sort . instead , the school ... ill take the knowledge to memorize everything that i wish to have stuck in my brain . try looking at the enneagram for this stuff . it might have more to say than mbti could . ( my guess is that he's an average / unhealthy type 4 ) edit : the enneagram would basically say that he builds ... well , if jung describes introversion as being directed upon the inner object ( i shall use this as the definition of subjective in relation to cog funcs ) , how can the unconscious be geared towards the ... i know this is what jung claims , but i fail to see this in action . what does it mean to store symbols / abstractions that are subjective ? don't we all have subjective symbols ? furthermore , can you , as ... all introverted functions are subjective . i understand the subjective elements of si , ti , and fi , but ni still escapes me . could you , oh intj masters , describe to me the mysteries of your subjective ... i love that movie ! i watch it every year on christmas eve ! here's another of my favorites , which is a bit more cryptic : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tmcp4XNCWRY edit : here's a review i ... i had a feeling it would come down to that . where is the quote from ? can you name a writer who does seem to portray ti well then ? cant i say the same thing about si in portrait of an artist ? ( remember , this is his only novel i've read so understand that i have only a limited understanding of joyce . ) i mean , the entire book is ... why do you say this ? an intp i know , when reading a portrait of an artist as a young man exclaimed that this book perfectly represents his process of thought . it jumps all over the place , from theory to theory , from ... van der hoop ti ( ntp ) - http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/5997-introverted-thinking.html te ( ntj ) - http://personalitycafe.com/articles/28133-extraverted-thinking.html thank you , this is exactly the sort of reply i'm looking for . i have noticed infjs tend to be more chivalrous and infps . i don't really care about being polite or not , but the infjs i know insist ... there is going to be a vocal difference though . again , if i met and intp and an intj on the street , i will generally be able to tell who is who by how they carry themselves , how approachable they ... i've seen that guy before , and except for some tips on speedreading , he doesn't really tell me anything i don't already know . again , i'm looking for some very practical application of type theory ... it's not necessarily the fact that i don't understand how the infj works , it is more so to due with the fact that i still have trouble recognizing the infj . to put this in comparison , if i were to ... without getting into much jcf and mbti theory , can somebody briefly describe how the infj differs from the infp . it seems to me that fi and ne in an infp can create an effect similar to ni and fe as ... i'm teaching a class on mbti and i'm using differences in hemingway and fitzgerald to compare and contrast the sp with the nf . i would like to do the same thing with the sj and the nt , but i have ... i thought the infp in socionics often refers to mbti infjs because the first function of the infj is a p function . also , don't forget to add a jungian cognitive functions as another option next ... i would like to be an intj or an estp for a day . the intj cause they are just so friggen cool and the estp because they have the reverse cog funcs as me as well being extroverted . in terms of conflict with others , i generally try to avoid them unless there is no other option . i am generally able to pull off a logical argument without getting emotionally involved - the only time ... glad we could help sir ! i had the same response when i first discovered this forum . this is fascinating . thanks for posting . no just clicking the like button will do in this case . i'm not necessarily looking for a logical explanation of the situation - instead i want to find if anybody else has these vibes as well . thing is , she's getting stuck in an existential crisis where ... i have an istj friend who gets vibes about the future . she explains these vibes as gut feelings about what will happen in the future . some examples from our gmail chats : we always go to ... if the intjs stopped being sarcastic , i would stop lurking on this forum . i think when doing the number-crunching part of physics or when studying any sort of language i have to rely on my shadow functions . for some reason my brain just doesn't seem to find either physics ... i would argue that the process that you have described here is ne - that is , seeing the possibilities for life . si is instead seeing what reality is and where it has come from . instead of being future ... gosh , i do this all the time . i've learned that biting your cheek and thus inducing pain helps a little bit . despite not being an intj , i can get worn out by entps just as much as they can . you guys are a blast to be around , but sometimes it can just be too much ... insanity . don't get me wrong , i like my ... i thanked your post ! isn't that ironic ? ;P ( in all seriousness , i agree ) it all depends on the reason that you are writing the novel , really . i don't approve of over the top , gushy , shallow romance - there has to be some hardship and tribulation with three dimensional ... darkewe could you pm all your online sources of synesthesia that you haven't already posted please ? ( if you have more , that is ) you seem to be filled with articles on the subject . nah nah nah nahnahnahnah nahnahnahnah hey jude ! ... like a boss ... yes ! someone mentioned us ! i actually have learned to enjoy the sensing types allot more - especially the se dom types . i just enjoy them for who they are and not for who they aren't - namely , they ... in one word : fun . honestly , i think you should do both . allot of stuff is not literal and allot of stuff is - you only look at one of those sides and you are missing half the experience . as for the myers-brigg ... i enjoy the philosophy behind math , but the number punching itself is not for me . ya , i'm pretty sure i'm perceived that way . it's probably more because i am kind of snobbish than because i'm an infp . the way i look at it , gatsby was in love more with an image of an ideal love - an imaginary woman who took the shape of daisy - than daisy herself . that's the bit which interests me the most in many ... ya , the enneagram probably has more to do with this case than just the jungian stuff . do you act emotional at all or do you just wear a thinking mask all the time ? ( sorry for spamming here , but ... not in my case . i appreciate emotionality in a person , provided it doesn't get in the way of their making the right choice in a situation . in other words , if they are still reasonable people and can ... hmm , curious . it seems to me that the more unhealthy an infp is , the more emotional he would get , though this might have more to do with enneagram rather than mbti stuff ... who knows , perhaps when ... '