' i tend to have always done stuff like that ... especially with batman ( 1989 ) being in my room watching some of my favorite anime or beating the crap out of stuff on smash bros . i tend to retreat to the most comfortable place i can go and just wait it out or try to solve it . one school year it was my desk space under my bed that i set up to look like a nerd cave yeah i have moments where i'm like oh wow look at her and gosh i wonder what kind of personality she has ? is she a nerd ? what is she like ? definitely not love though . just someone that catches my ... for me id say its a factor along with personality and other things . ( interests , dislikes , activities , and etc ) of course i have my personal traits that i'm more drawn towards . ( like riy pointed ... i'd agree i'm very much so an artist . been drawing for years . even made it my major in collage ( about to get my ba in graphic design ) . i just love it very much so a night person . when i'm on breaks from school i go nocturnal :p ( wake up around 3-4 pm and sleep around 7-8 am ) i'm not as bad as i used to be but i do have my moments still . its mostly art related stuff that i ' start ' but never see though to the end . ( granted some of those instances have different ... i actually have professors underestimate me which is surprising / disappointing . out of all of the professors i've had only like 1 seems to really know what i'm capable of doing and doens't set the ... i really dislike arguing . i especially hate arguing when i know that i'm 100 % correct if its a matter of facts . ( or someone just wanting to pick everything i say apart ) for me when i had a sig other , it was always the little things that she noticed / remembered from the time we spent together . its amazing how small things make all the difference . i remember one day ... yeah the rejection part is hard for me . cause one of the last crushes i had was a friend so i had already let my guard down and open up a little to them and then its like , bam why did i reveal so ... i tend to just drink until i get to that point where i feel just right then sit and chill . i don't enjoy getting drunk ... did it on my 21st and one other time but beyond that ... probably never ... despite how much i tend to punish myself when it comes to some things ... i'd say more of a sadist ... cause like gilded said , if someone gets on my bad side ( which takes some effort ... ) i'm more ... i woudln't know but i love cats . for me , i find that some are just able to understand their favorite person without too too much trouble . mine for example can tell my mood and does what she can to ... i've been wondering this for years ... cause back i middle through even college i get sick of seeing guys like me ( nice + gentle ) loose out to the bad boys when it comes to girls . its beyond ... to be honest i've gotten to be less inclined to confess the past few years . last time i even considered it , the girl started backing away and seeming to half avoid me ... i'd be happy if i had the ... for me i feel like i'm always just punishing myself after a certain point when i find a new crush . i have been single for near 4 years and every crush i've had hasn't panned out at all . they just ... i'm understanding , loyal , and caring very ... it has gotten a little better but yeah still rather on the shy side family pets wise we have a boxer and a jack russel . my pet is the cat . :) i tested 9 but i need to be more informed ... - i feel lonely and unloved all the time , even though i know friends and family love me ( i have to remind myself of this most of the time ) . i feel the need to be constantly reminded . this one ... symphonic rock , heavy metal , j-rock , and etc . if i were to have a woman try to court me ... i'd say method a just because i'd rather spend the tennis match getting to know them slowly so that i'd have a better idea of what i think of them . i find it hard to talk about sensitive topics with most people that's why i have my select friends that i confide in and even then i only allow each one to know but so much . for me the fastest way to ... i personally didn't consider myself weird for years until i got to middle and high school and people started labeling me . people made me feel weird because of my interests / tastes . ( music , tv , etc ) i ... my mom says that i was a rather quiet child . i mean i misbehaved quite a bit but that only lasted for those toddler years ... overall i was a rather quiet child despite my surroundings . ( granted some ... i can be rather awkward depending on the situation and person . i'd say normally i'm just like a 5 lol . but it does get really bad especially when i'm around a girl i really like / have a crush on . then ... i do feel that there are a lot of people that underestimate us . i even have a friend or two that underestimate me and they know me fairly well . it's quite frustrating but at the same time it makes me ... what do you think of the above ? accurate ? wrong ? i'd say they're pretty accurate as far as i'm concerned . the only thing i question is the naughty eyes thing lol . i've only had one person really ... i just overall avoid a lot of stuff like that . i'd rather be alone in my room than deal with a lot of that mess . plus ear buds and loud music helps when i can't escape the area . agreed . i would definitely say i'm artistic + creative . i'm and artist + graphic design major . considering my major ( graphic design ) i do feel out of place in some classes because i'm not as vocally expressive as some of the other people around me . i'm usually really quiet and work on my ... i really enjoy symphonic rock like within temptation and etc . stuff that just touches me on an emotional level . for me i can't give a good explanation to what i consider love . my definition of it keeps changing as the years go by and as my failed attempts at a relationship pop up . i do also consider the past ... yeah i tend to only really open up to a small number of people and even then i have yet to be 100 % with someone . mainly because usually when i do some people tend to betray my trust and half turn ... my way of flirting usually ends up being me voicing things that i've already thought about that particular girl like you always look great when someone says something about their outfit that day ... i'm rather lazy during the day but i'm more active at night when the rest of the house is asleep . best time for me to draw too . i'm pretty big on felines . especially tigers . :) currently i'm a senior in college so that's a job in itself . i would like to do web design stuff ( as of now , could change ) suikoden final fantasy vii chrono trigger legend of zelda etc i'm definitely very soft-spoken . i have tried off and on over the years . after middle school i just gave up on the idea . plus i realized that there are just some thoughts that i don't want anyone to know about . i normally go in my room and lock my door . i enjoy my privacy and the quiet . i live on campus during the semester so when i'm home i want to enjoy the personal space . 1 ) did you always see yourself as somewhat of an artist , knew you had artistic inclination ? looking back i guess i knew but didn't really think about it a lot until i got to the 5th and 6th ... would you make up your mind if you're interested in me or not i would have to say that is the case with me . i prefer to get to know someone well before i even pursue a relationship and if i even like them that much i have to like them a lot and want something ... i tend to do small things for the person that i really care about that may not seem as much at first but eventually add up . i used to do portraits of the women that i had a crush / feelings for but i ... heck the past few years that i've been single have given me time to sit down and figure out how the heck i managed to even have my first relationship . also whether i'll even get that lucky again . i ... '