' exactly ! it's like , fi says , okay , this is what you really want , and then te looks it over and says whether it would be wise to follow through with it or try something different .  ... and then if ... so it's pretty well known that enfps are often fond of fantasy settings and the novels and games that go with them ... so here's an interesting question for you : what's your favorite kind of ... i'm a pretty competitive person and a firearms enthusiast so i do enjoy my fair share of fpss . i've been playing mw3 mostly . beat the campaign in six hours on heroic and have been into the ... you exact a revenge prank so complex and untraceable that it makes entjs quiver with envy .  ... against an entj . this has happened to me twice .   ... this week . rofl , brilliant . i was told , you're such a woman ! by a friend of mine recently . glad to hear i'm not the only one . xd i'm a strange creature . not exactly t / f cusp , more like an f in disguise . i'm clearly an ne dominant , and my te is so developed and works so well in conjunction with ne that i can often come across ... greeetings , denizens of the cafe of personalities ! i am lord sir garrett , known merely as garrett to those who have the privilege of calling me friend . i am an enfp with a developed te and a 7w8 ... it's really simple , actually . just entertain her . if she's entertained by you , chances are she'll become interested in you , try to figure out more about you , and since you're an intp she'll then ... she knows , i showed her the thread as i was writing it and double checked to make sure it would be alright with her if i posted it . thanks for the concern , though . i suppose i should have clarified ... tl ;D r at the bottom . greetings , infjs of personality cafe . i've some questions for you about the subjects mentioned in the title and how they apply to a friend of mine , but first i need to give ... so , let's get to it ! my so is something of an enigma . she's tough and hardy , yet moody and incredibly adorable ( as you will soon find out when browsing the resources i've provided you with . ) the ... alright guys , first off thanks for all the feedback . definitely seems like we're getting somewhere , though where i couldn't say . now , here's something else that may be of use to you . i took the ... hmmm ... you make much sense . so the statement is that i'm comfortable with te and therefore would be uncomfortable with ti , right ? any chance you could give some good examples ? also , funfact : ... i see what you did there . http://i240.photobucket.com/albums/ff32/evildrew81/scary%20stuff/Joker.gif you istps remind me of stealth fighters . ... so what do we call it when one tries to consolidate the two , as i do ? i don't see things in good and bad or right and wrong necessarily . not usually . there are a few occasions where ... very astute of you , sir . so could it not also be fe paired with ti that simulates fi ? and dominant ne paired with auxiliary ti that might appear as te ? xd thanks for your input . then this is not me . also , you and i probably live nearby since we're having a massive cold-front moving through here as well . here's how it works for me . i walk ... then where do these feelings come from , praytell ? if not from emotions , then where ? if it comes from the intuition , why not just be double intuitive ? hi everyone , i'm grandmofftarkin , an ... * applause * that's what i'm talking about . thank you very much . my my my . you certainly seem sure of yourself . so would you like to point out some evidence and actually make an argument or are you going to continue with these baseless statements and see where ... i'm actually being convinced towards enfp with herculean te . talking to my so who's a ti dom , and she's pointed out that i'm too considerate of others to be very strong with ti , that when she's deep ... * ahem * ... well let's not get too terribly derailed , then . could i perchance ask your opinion on this , tj ? * chuckles * perhaps the feeler just wants to tempt me over to the dark side ? i've typed as f before , but never do anymore . * shrug * had me worried there for a bit . heheheh . enfps are warm , enthusiastic people , typically very bright and full of potential . they live in the world of possibilities , and can become very passionate and excited about things . their enthusiasm ... xd wanting all the attention is kind of an exaggeration . i loved the attention , i should've said . and yeah , i've done that . got isfj . xd the internet tests tell me i'm an xntp almost every time ... i was super spoiled by all of the infjs in my family . xd i wanted all of the attention and whatnot . strangely enough , as a child i was always pretty antisocial in a manner of speaking . i wanted to be ... nuke everything . desolate wastelands are pretty peaceful , man . ... my god . but see , i'm so cynical . so ... i dunno . i don't hold onto stuff like most enfps do . what i am is definitely very important to me , but what i can do is even moreso . for example , ... when someone tries to assert authority to force me to do something . that really bothers me . let's see ... also , feeling manipulated , like someone's trying to be sly and tricky when getting my help or ... hmmm . so i've been analyzing my behavior a bit over the past little while . it seems like when i search , it's internal . my mind kinda flies out in all directions searching for relevant possibilities , ... hmmm . and you sense fi in me , do you ? see , that's slightly worrying . i respect logic and reason and so on and so forth and seek to make use of them in any way possible . buuut ... when i first got ... well , this was my second take , so i'd discussed all of it before and had a good idea of what i wanted to say . perhaps that's contributing some ? fun fact : the second video was actually a lot ... so you're saying that i'm more grounded than most entps ? hmm . this is ... interesting . i am intrigued . i know , i know , i've already made a thread , but i'm afraid i didn't word things correctly and it ended up not getting the attention it needed . so ! here's the new one . currently i'm going with entp as ... http://www.openclipart.org/people/bogaut/Untitled-1.svg i'm gonna go with entp . i'm a ( suspected ) entp myself , and it sounds like you're describing me . that bit about having interesting viewpoints sounds like ne and the dutifulness sounds like si . i think ... i initially did this video as a response to the perc video challenge thing ( as implied by the video title ) and was curious to see what people might think about my type . obviously i lean towards entp , ... interesting , thanks . * writes on clipboard * : crazy : and you don't delete posts . it's stuck there , unfortunately . perc should implement an automerge imo . but whatever , it's all good . edit : you ... just out of curiosity ... were you raised that way ? or is it something you've found on your own ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oib0JvkDzYk ... and that concludes today's episode of a day in the life of a guardian ! tune in next time for even more pessimistic misinterpretations and unnecessary conflict ! seems like your ti is very dominant over your ne , so much so that when you finally start using your ne as if it were dominant ( such as trying to make witty remarks to people ) , it feels as if it's a ... http://img8.imageshack.us/img8/1607/gloriousc.png oh god , i lol'd so hard . hah ! well done , indeed ! your logic is impeccable , my good man ! well , whether there are more tools on pc or not , most manufacturers of gaming computers don't hand out free microphone headsets ... i think that's kind of relevant to the balance between your ti and ne . i suppose i find myself laughing at things that i am involved with more than at things i am observing . i think unexpectedness ... ooooh poor sensing me . ): overanalyzing things and nothing to do . ): i wish i could smoke weed and laugh at videos and have fun like you awesome cool intuitives . ): this is generally going through my head at any given time . that is to say ... i think the desktop in my mind has adopted this as its wallpaper . http://www.myfacewhen.com/images/110.jpg so , i met this guy in a game of black ops for pc . he seemed pretty cool in the game , and i needed some more people on my friends list who played black ops , so i thought i'd add him . unfortunately i ... gojira is one of my favorite bands ever . also , here's this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqfPv93Zonw '