' sorry for the late answer ... i'm very busy . the wing means that my enneagram is mixed between two types . i say that enneatypes are like types of energy and i think this explain well the point . let's ... how can i help my infj hun when he falls in a loop ? sometimes , in the most inconvenient moments ( like while we are making out ) , he start asking me questions about about ... well , random things ... personally , i disagree , and i am ok in typing him as an infj . here's why : what's the first thing about rasputin ? he is a mystic . people read his speeches and feels that this man has got a plan , ... hi guys . i strongly need help : my infj hun had been sexually harassed ( and even raped , even if i'm not sure about it ) for years by bullies . things had stopped from not more than two days when we ... actually ? yes ... if it's worthy . i put a facade of being straight whit my parents , because discussing and trying to make them understand me is worthless . i put a facade in front of my mate's ... i've never cared too much about my own happiness , i must say : i've always sacrificed my own need to the others . if my boyfriend would tell me that he loves another guy ... i'd be more tendent to kill ... me : enfj 2w3 ( 215 ) so / sx dad : estj 9w8 ( 936 ) sp / so mum : istj ( in loop ) 8w7 (8 36 ) sp / sx still wondering if i'm adopted , my sister is an entj 3w4 ( 378 ) sx / so xd everything is ok . i've nothing against you . against my sister a lot , but against you nothing : 3 yeah , i think estp is good for you too : se is basically you : you're apparent and charming . se is basically like a big firework . apparence , looking good , being present . for more , i excluded an high ... i'm an enfj 2w3 and mated with an infj 2w1 . and i basically say that the only thing i miss is that i sometimes feel he is too secretive , too trying to show me something he is not just for get my ... ne is getting excited by plurimous sources , an extreme curiosity from what is different . for more , you watch old things , but only for fun . higher si would still do it , but more compulsively . for ... hmm ... i can yet feel some ne-fi ... but i may be wrong ... tell me , sweetie : do you like about being different from the others ? are you sometimes selfish ? and , if i can tell , you really look ... actually , spitting on functions is something very stupid to do , because for how much unhealthy examples you know , you will always find at least ten more healthy examples . my last ex was an infp . he ... hnmmm , something very odd must have come on his way : normally we love to talk . i suggest to respect her silence . there are things that enfj's hate to talk about , because they think other people will ... i was thinking about the pure disney characters . i mean : mickey mouse , minnie ... i've reached some points , especially on the furious five ( mickey , minnie , donald , daisy , goofy ) , and some ... i talked to him and he wants only me . he loves me . it seems to be that he percieves my love for you and he loves me ... but he thinks that being in an open relationship will be more popular . for ... my mate wants to be in an open couple , because he thinks that doing this way he will be popular . that's since some popular guys in the furry fandom are in open couples . little problem : i won't . i ... cut everything , i've wrong ! i've always been an enfj , since childewood . only i made two terrible mistakes : first of all , i've ignored that functions develop thorough the whole life . so i tried to ... my brother in law is an isfj and he's in relationship with my infj brother . they get on wonderfully and i feel ok with both . oddly enough , after i've talked with one i need to talk with the other ... simply i can't access to it so much since i've got some hot contacts on it . i'll make a new account that i can use more often : 3 i have problem using skype in this days ... hi , my friends . i've got a big mess with my entj sister . she's very very blunt . she treats me as an idiot and she is always insulting me . she also insults my parents but she is ready to lick ... except for diapers , i will . i just can't get excited to have sex with a guy with a diaper . it's my faul ... but i could try to change my mind . i may try to force myself in it . hello there : 3 my hun has been victim of sexual harassment . very hard , as i know . he is afraid of being abused , let's tell the tale . that's right . he just ... well ... come up with odd things . he ... you got the point , pal : 3 generally , enfjs ask just for recognition and praise . all we want is to just have our sacrifices rewarded . that's something everyone with fe want : feel that other people like what you do and don't ... i am a poet . i adore poems . here's a poem i wrote for my mate : i'm here with my poor treasure with billions nobler billions richer billions better . oh , how i'd wish to be the one your sweet ... can i not censure swearing now ? thanks . btw , forgive my very proud appearence : i feel insulted . fe is something more fucking comples that just picking up a gutless smile . it's smell the emotional ... ( merry xmas , btw ) you are more interested into verify possibilities around one single thing or to know the much you can ? well , it sounds me very ne-ti . so intp or entp ... you have said a interesting quest . first of all : what stimuli most excite you ? extroverted are more reactive to external stimuli , introverted are more reactive to internal stimul . example : my ... enfj male on the way xd so , hun , you situation is very odd , but i can quietly say that he has perceived it . rarely enfj can't understand situations . they may mess up trying to solve them , but that's ... thanks for substaining me . well , i've nothing to say : my conception of the single functions is totally different by yours . so i absolutely dunno how to express what i see different from you ... on ... i'm sorry i've not specified it enough . sorry , i'm in a bad moment ... si is valuing thing in our personal vision , right ? i thought it was clear since i've said that my parents are very ... welcome little flower : 3 my mate is also an infj . i just adore infj's , they are amazing ! * growls and rolls on his back * cuddle if you want , i'm half cat ^ ^ i was thinking about si and i remembered that , if i don't have it now , i had in the past . i mean , when i was a 12 yo . in fact , i loved to read , and basically read everything . i had surely higher ... * hugs * you can also send me messages , i'm online : 3 sorry hun . i'm at the eight mate so i know what do you mean . personally , i've never had a problem with it . i've always put politeness and respect before my pain . even with my first break up , i had a ... it depends of what you mean . if you say that a natural estj can become an enfj if his parents are ( let's say ) isfj and entj ... no . i'm a son of an istj and an estj . i'm an enfj , obviously . now : ... i actually dunno . i can say that's because we are able to just feel the mood of people and so get linked to them . i can easily get in touch with strangers and people are seduced by me . the odd is ... wrong . i've got an isfp friend but she blamed my ex , who was equally isfp . my mum is an istj but approves my science's professor ruthless ... and he is an esfp . or an entj , but not at all an istj . i ... i've suggest a type for you . what do you think ? thanks for clarifying the whole group position , my friend . actually i'm a fj but i can take my own responsabilities . just to say . thats a wonderful analisis . even thought my own way of see the things is different , i find this view very logic and interesting . that's true , it wouldn't be happy . still we talk about one single error . one . mediocre , forgive if i don't understand the true significance , means someone who is always doing big errors . that's what ... well , but he wouldn't have fired you , called you mediocre or similiar . my boss never complained that half of my group didn't continued . in fact , i am the only one who finished it . she never ... strong disagreement : my supervisor at my summer stage was an entp . she wasn't so focused about productivity . she was very laid back on my ideas and very euforic when i solved problems . she was ... ehm ... you're both wrong : actually intuition is less concerned about details , if we don't speak about contestualization . and his analisis about differences between infj and estj is ultimately true . ... look , milady : i actually have an estj dad and have had an estj latin teacher . that's a big misfortune ... because estj has got not other solution that do as they want . or , if you are a bit of a ... '