' i took myself to the movies today . saw the movie the martian . it was quite fantastic . i love space movies . they make me feel so small and so awe-inspired at the same time . i mean , how amazing that i ... i ’ m sitting here having a mental breakdown . feeling like something is very very wrong with me . i don ’ t want to feel this way . i want to be okay . i want him to be okay . i cannot figure out if this is ... yes i know exactly what you're talking about . it's that thing , that way to be , once i get it i will be happy and complete . it's a dangerous mindset . and i think it has to do with our love of hope , ... ughhh breakups are soo difficult . damn all the memories and failed hopes . why can't emotions be erased and friendships returned to before the inevitable doom begins ? : frustrating : not very well . i feel happy to see the world through infp eyes . strange feeling hehe but a great one nonetheless . i am sorry for your struggle , and i know a few paragraphs from some person online will not solve your problems . i am well aware of the importance of wanting to get better and actively doing so on the ... okay , i don't mean to change anyone's beliefs , just ask for an open mind . see how this can fit into the beliefs you have already . it is a tough struggle , but all i can tell you is to let go of ... i only posted the short version , but there is a longer interview where she actually addresses this . she says that you should not blame yourself for being sick or having this condition or another . it ... well to me it makes sense that if you do not love yourself you will ultimately do things that will damage you . for example , you allow others to step all over you because you don't see your ... meant to put this in the spirituality section , whoops https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LogKBTNg7M lazy , hurtful , not over when everyday you're baffled at the fact that you're alive , and that you know it too . at that time i was listening to i wanna know by the kongos . i was obsessed with the song that day :) when you want to compliment someone on how good they look today , but don't want to make it seem like they don't look good other days , so you just don't say anything . hello happy people :) i'm listening to music right now and it is making me very happy . i feel very grateful for being able to hear and have access to music . which i feel i often take for granted , ... self esteem and identifying with your beliefs is the stem of the problem . if you are speaking about something you really love and enjoy that has a lot of value to you , and someone says nobody ... i agree as well . not so much in feeling alienated , because i don't wish to conform or be part of that culture , but because i see the same around me all the time . people talking about stupid shows , or ... you accept his beliefs and don't want to change him ; does he do the same ? not sure if this is my skepticism , but his emotional playing is a red flag in my eyes . if he wants you to believe in god and ... i do think you should open up to your brother . he might not show it , but intps can offer empathy and good advice . if it seems like he doesn't understand , then it is only because you down-play and ... how sad is it that we spend our time admiring beautiful pictures of nature on phones or computers , instead of going outside ... this is really cool , you should peruse it ! the world needs more people like that . rock , listening to bush right meow . bush - swallowed i love going on a nice music binge after a week of being too busy to listen to and enjoy music . feels so good :) i fucking hate this feeling . the instant worrying , the anxiety when you're not available when you said you would . did i do something wrong ? why don't you want to talk ? what are you going to give me ... communication is the bridge to that inner world between two people . she could know if you told her . that's tough :/ all i can tell you is not to blame yourself . i'm sure you did what you could , but ultimately it takes two people . for me it's more of a want to protect them from the environment . if they are the cause of their own demise than it must have stemmed from something outside . ( at least that's how it plays out in my ... there's this concept that i find rather perplexing . that is the fact that when you look at someone , you know that there is a whole secret world inside their head . and for some reason this gives me ... the experience of pure feeling . no distracting voice in your head . just feeling what you're feeling . it's phenomenal . have you seen this talent in the form of a human ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcrujO7lKsA my bf just said things would be much simpler if he didn't love me . i'm not sure if this should be a cue for me to leave now . my boyfriend , my love , is depressed , and has been having suicidal thoughts . it hurts so much , the whole situation . i don't know what to do , i don't know how to help . i feel one day i will lose him , ... ever notice how beautiful and serene hair looks underwater ? aquarium / fish keeping :) why can't everyone be as excited about my new hobby as me ? i just want my fish tank already . and i want to decorate it . and i want my fishies . is it so wrong to want positive reinforcement from time to time ? should we always rely on ourselves and be confident enough to tell ourselves we are doing something well or right ? pulling a lonely all-nighter to not fail a genetics exam tomorrow . be my friend ? fuck , i'm gonna have to experience dying one day . panic panic panic don't you hate that gloomy feeling of winter coming on ? it's like a slow-moving cloud of loneliness and depression is making it's way across the sky you look to for strength . winter can be nice ... missing someone so much , can't focus on anything productive :/ i'm basically just like you . i listen to music for the sound , the mood , the complexity of instruments . i love when i can't make out the words in a lyrical song , for me it just adds to the melody ... i don't think you understand how much you've hurt me today . i really hate that you don't consider my feelings . you know that i am emotionally weak right now . yet in your mind it seems a good idea to ... the ice cold stab in the heart , otherwise known as criticism . mhhm i've thought about that a few times as well , but i really don't think i could trust anyone else to carry my child . ( unless i watch them like a hawk 24/7 ) there's no escape haha today is the day where everything seems to go wrong for me . is it just my perception ? i don't kbow but it's annoying . this is going to be a weird one . someway somehow through the power of procrastination i ended up watching a video of a live birth . it made me cry . not because it was a beautiful miracle of life , ... '