' i care very much about what people think of me , but mostly because i know that having people like me is potentially more beneficial and can help me get farther . there are a few people , though , whose ... i got a 10 ... q1 . not at all . never in a million years would i ever employ the use of sarcasm . q2 . honesty is honesty . i tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , unless of course it would be ... i tend to have a stream of sarcastic commentary running through my head at any given moment , and i've actually had to talk my way out of a few detentions on the occasions when i accidentally ... esfps are fun short-term , and i admire how they can just enjoy every minute of everything , but i can only stand being around them for short periods of time . after a while , they start to get ... the question isn't whether it's half empty , or half full , or full of purple slime , but rather why it is the way it is . for those of you who enjoy using it , did your sarcastic wit ever get you into trouble as a child ? i know i've had plentiful experiences with this sort of scenario . phew , glad to know i'm not the only one . seems pretty spot-on to me . benjamin was the donkey , and he was definitely istp . we make our world significant by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers . - carl sagan be a yardstick of quality . some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is ... arrogance with no justification angers me to no end . also closed-mindedness . shallowness . taking positions without understanding . irrational judgments . overreaction . i could go on ... i've been mistyped as entj quite often , as well as intp and entp a fair amount . my i and j are not very strong , so this kind of makes sense . i could probably see myself as any of those 3 types if i ... i'm not sure whether he's istj or isfj . it's becoming difficult , because he's getting worried that i'm not all that emotionally expressive , and he's constantly asking if there's something wrong ... use my avatar picture . intj , eastern / byzantine catholic truthfully , i don't think i've outgrown the experimenting . my science teachers can attest to that . oh , the joys of lab ... ukrainian was my first , i picked up english in a matter of weeks in preschool , and spanish is coming very easily to me so far . i get a lot of crap for being an intj female , just putting that out there . their sarcastic wit and their willingness to carry on arguments with me on a regular basis , and the fact the arguments don't transfer over into the rest of our interactions . i've been mistyped on multiple occasions as an entj , and sometimes as an intp no . just no . to elaborate , i have some esfp friends ( meaning people i encounter on a regular basis ) , but there's only so much of them i can take . after a while , i just need to get away from ... my type is intj . the types of the people i have learned the most from , been inspired the most by , and been helped the most by are as follows : entp , infp , infj , enfj , intp , isfj , istj , estp , entj , ... i've noticed that i have worse conflicts with other js . generally , when i'm spending time with ps , i learn to expect the unexpected and formulate multiple plans in my head on the fly for the ... was this supposed to be funny ? because ... uhh ... i've noticed it's kind of true , specifically with many ntjs i interact with :p roud : i'm ambiverted . 50/50 i / e split every time . my childhood wasn't all that great , either . the other kids didn't like me because i preferred the company of knowledge , ideas , books , and thoughts over the company of my peers . when i did interact ... i like the spider . 6.5 / 10 i love both of these activities , as well as puzzles in general . :p roud : i apologize for phrasing my statement ambiguously . when i start arguments , there is always a legitimate point i am trying to prove , and it's never irrelevant . i'm surprised you can come up with your own insults , istj , instead of repeating previous ones you've heard . congrats on finally learning to think for yourself . i'm surprised you managed to decide on a single insult , entp . how many did you have to pick from and how long did it take you ? you should be proud , this must be a great accomplishment for you . i'm an xntj , and most of these stereotypes pretty much describe me , along with most of those on the intj thread of the same nature . you regularly attempt to start arguments / debates , especially with other xntjs . even if those others happen to be teachers in the middle of class . moreover , after an argument , you can go back to ... mom : infj dad : esfp younger brother : isfp younger sister : esfp i don't really interact with them much . i come home from school and my extracurricular activities , and i quickly retreat to my ... stupid , ignorant , and / or irrational people make me laugh . if i get my energy internally but do not need to recharge after being around people , does that make me introverted ? when you ask people if they're familiar with the mbti , and if so , whether your type speculations are correct . if not , you tell them which type you think they are and make them take the test . when you and your equally obsessed friends / colleagues regularly make lists of people and fictional characters to type , compare results , and then compare these people to people whom you have ... do you think that any specific type is smarter than another , or that people with any specific letter have higher iq than those with the opposite ? opinions , please , preferably with examples or ... i would say that god the father is intj , and jesus is infj . ( i'm xntj ) enfp , why are you here ? you know you'll be criticized . you've been warned . but you'll overreact anyway . that's the thing , though . i don't mind being alone . i've gone days without any actual human contact . however , i also don't mind being around people , and can live in the real world of dealing with ... i have , and my ni and te are approximately equal , as are my se and fi . they test slightly differently each time , and i get both results on a pretty equal basis . dear sfp siblings , i am not trying to insult or anger you , i'm merely trying to get my point across . please stop crying to our f parents to get me into trouble , as i have many intricate plans and ... obviously . what determines whether i am introverted or extroverted ? in more detail than the simple you like being around people vs . you like being alone answer . i've done both , and regularly do both , depending on what this object happens to be . many . i have a pile of books in my bedroom and multiple bookshelves full in my basement . i generally get through books very quickly , and i'm good at calling the ending , or guessing characters ' ... i don't know if this has much influence on it , but i really like debating or arguing with people . i get a rush from it . i've heard this is a typical entj trait , however , i'm a bit more subtle when ... it's kind of difficult for me , because my te and ni are both pretty developed already , and i use them both pretty equally . that's the thing , both my ni and te are pretty strong , and it seems that i use both pretty equally . i don't really get along with people very much , but i love working with things , experimenting , ... '