' you can't . transfer to a position where he is not your supervisor or get a job somewhere else entirely . i had an estj supervisor for many years and there was just no getting to him . estjs are te > si ... to meet my infj : happy : i am as well in support of a personal finance sub-forum ! ! i have done no such thing ... maybe twice but only because my scent wasn't already on it . cat . what brings you here ? would you like a smoke ? i have an extra pipe . my best friend is an estp . we look for new adventures and just do a bunch of different things in general . we debate a lot and try to one up each other all the time . lot's of fun . he does get more ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYxun5p3UEM don't mean to derail the thread , but i have an intj dad , and he too has a bad sense of style . however , it applies to personal appearance and coordination . he's very conservative when it comes to ... that makes a lot of sense . spot on . yes i do : happy : women just get more attention in general . studies have shown that people are more openly receptive to females . take for example automated phone messages . they're mostly women's voices . this is not ... this is not personality type dependent . i haven't seen any research supporting such a correlation . personally , i drink sometimes . and that's a big sometimes . i don't easily become addicted to ... i have an estp friend that isn't a big talker and sometimes ( as in very few times ) feels good being alone . this makes him believe he's an introvert . everyone around him he's extroverted and doubly so ... i explain a lot of what seems random and tie it back to mbti . i see her arrange things in a neat order fashion to the point of almost ocd and she says she might be ocd . i explain to her that esfjs ... absolutely no entps i've known in person have had that ' in your face i'm super awesome ' bravado that shows up here on personality cafe . we know we are awesome but i think it really only comes out on ... i have an esfj friend and she likes it when i talk about mbti . it's probably because i explain things in a way that she could walk away with and apply . she definitely won't study it on her own ... both kids must go or both kids don't go . i think the kid that gets left out is going to have some serious self esteem issues as he gets older . like i said before , it's just a thought . a hypothesis bouncing around my head that can easily be disproved the only reason i said all that is because it's my first and immediate interpretation of ... accidental repost infjlady 26 can we get an update ? i'm really curious as to what has developed . vexed if you're looking for just friends , i would recommend meetup.com . it's a place where people gather together for a certain topic or activity . i'm a member of a few meetups including the ... vexed it's all a matter of comfort levels and what risks you're willing to take . you have to define for yourself what you're willing to post and at the same time realizing that risks will have to ... this is actually an extroverted trait . extroverts tend to speak more quickly and it appears rushed . introverts have a slower , more controlled rate of speech . there's a book called the art of speed ... i kinda always look for vibes . i've come across people that i just got a bad vibe from . sometimes i can't pinpoint why and some times i can ( text book behavior traits , etc . ) . for the times i can't ... i'm an entp and i run out of talking batteries real quick . i much prefer to listen . i would say just list what's true for you on your own profile and avoid those that say just friends . i also have an assumption that these people can't be honest with themselves or others about ... i chose knowledge because that's what i naturally strive . i'm addicted to it . however , i do believe love is more important , i find it odd . maybe even hypocritical for some that list that as an option . finding friends and activity partners shouldn't be entirely hard where you resort to a dating site . even for people who ... squirrel demand is high these days and they know it too . i had to give mine a pay raise and medical benefits . i've been thinking of outsourcing . as someone that used frequent said chat , i fifth this ! this right here is super important . if two or more strengths fall into a theme , then it is a strong asset you bring to a team environment . a lot of people tend to be strong in two themes , even though ... i was in my college cross country and track and field team . i absolutely love it and even though i don't run every single day like i used to , i try to squeeze in a good thirty minutes to an hour ... this ! this right here ! as an entp i feel the same way . i've been on dates where i did the whole open the door / pull out her seat / buy her a flower / etc . and knew i was being measured on social ... nothing can hold my interest for too long . i'm interested in a lot of things and can focus for maybe and hour or two on a subject . however , any more focus after that becomes excruciatingly difficult ... i have tried to use calendars and planners but always forget after a few days . i think the longest i've gone writing out my days was three weeks . and that's because it was a required assignment . wait . hold the phone . i see what's going on here . i saw your other post about this guy not being on a date until recently . as a late bloomer , i can relate to your infj man . he doesn't know what ... definitely . i feel guilty about disappointing those close to me and also feel that i have failed to live up to a certain standard as a human being . keyword is close people , or fairly close . ... this is your dream . your deepest thoughts . i am your subconscious asking you to run away with me . i am asking you to run away with yourself . are you up to the challenge ? that . was ... to everyone on this thread : what if i told you you weren't really here . that you're not really awake as you read and post on this thread . instead , you're dreaming that you're here and posting ... so we are only number 2 in your book ? who do we have to kill in order to move up a notch ? my answer applies to any entp that finds it hard to finish something : do projects / assignments with other people . we're so used to studying under the traditional structure in which we've been ... welcome ookyspooky . you'll have a lot of fun here . and no need to worry about squirrels distracting you , us entps have sent them away on secret missions . this is fantastic ! i was just talking about mbti and strengths finder correlation at an mbti meetup last sunday . i had no idea that a study had already been done ! what i don't get is how you got my ... ! ! ! i remember this ! ! ! small world we live in ! : happy : i'm a thank whore . that's why . i came here to write exactly that . have a lawyer sign the agreement . make sure both parties have a method for compensating in case either one does not perform as defined in the contract . i . e . if a ... i'm known to be exceptionally well in a crisis situation . i love to explore and have gotten myself into some frightening situation because of it . early on i discovered my ability to keep calm ... yes . after a while i got fed up and started mentioning other people who think too much . einstein , hawking , and any other famous scientist / ceo / respected political leader . then i calmly suggested ... hey jenecis , if you live in the los angeles area , then it's super easy to find an infj male . there's an mbti meetup held twice a month at a coffee shop in pasadena . in fact , there's one tomorrow ... lol ! i do that too . one time a co worker got pissed off and was cursing at his computer because some program wasn't working . i said the good old emperor palpatine quote and he began slamming his ... that all sounds like me . i always had a low gpa because i just didn't do the work in high school . yet i could out perform just about anyone whenever i gave a damn . check on the remedial program ... '