tl ;D r short version : i drew something , want to know what you think of it . about two years ago i suffered a pretty severe mental breakdown which led to a couple of psychological diagnoses . i ... is this common among us ? well ... this is me . i really struggle with what is attractive and what is not on a lot of things , consequently i really have no fucking idea how i look . 5171351714 51715 well that's my point . i'm wondering if we innately are prone to delay climax due to that tendency to let our minds wander . i enjoy sex but i find my mind gravitates toward other things quite often ... i last ludicrously long . not bragging , it's insanely annoying . wondered if there was a correlation . this list is insane . it's really a clever trap . you can't evaluate your own intelligence ( whatever intelligence means , anyway ) by comparing yourself to others . sure , one can pretty readily ... agnostic , but for all intents and purposes i'm atheist . nothing gets done during the day for me , always at odd hours of the night . i'm rather prone to blocks in the creative process , specifically with music but with other things as well . what helps you to overcome those hurdles ? how i feel doesn't have anything to do with the reaction . and i generally don't drink more than i can handle . i smoke quite a bit more and don't really like to risk letting out mr . hyde all that ... if i have a buzz , i become pretty aggressively extroverted . well , aggressively for me anyway . if i get a bit sloppy , though , i'm thrown into a pretty deep depression rather rapidly , especially on ... no particular order : hitler moses muhammad tesla and edison ( they should both be thrown in if tesla is brought up , imo . ) aristotle edited by op because op feels like taking the preemptive on this one . you're totally right and you can take my echerry if you want . none of you overreacted n my englih aint gud also i iz bipolar / entitled / immature / whatever else is said in the future ( apparently ? ) ... i think the only prerequisite is that the person in question is interesting . with that said , xntx types seem to be my favorite . i speak english and hebrew fluently . i speak * some * ( with varying degrees of intelligibility ): arabic french german russian spanish it was a mistake , btw . don't make the same mistake i can't speak for others but my experience has been that i've had a very developed awareness of the feelings of fear and affection at the same time . a line from a song i wrote sum it up best for ... yes . <--- that expression hardly changes . i attribute that strictly to the anonymity and the dehumanization that comes along with it in certain individuals . social niceties mostly go byebye . and i thank you for your analysis . what i ... <3 origami has strangely helped . studying something complex like aspects of it , linguistics , or music immerses me in that oblivious world of ours that we can escape to . listening to or working on ... button up shirts and jeans or slacks every day for the last 8 years . yeah . doesn't get much more intp than that . * here's to hoping op doesn't know what op means . * i would have but i didn't want to risk alienating op , but since it has already been brought up ... op , the way in which you related that song was priceless . don't listen to it . ever . oh i have a couple , but bipolar disorder isn't one of them . this is going to sound cliche but the best thing you can do at this point is what feels natural.the idea that you've been too subtle is nonsense : most functional adults with interest would have done ... loyalty above all else . the only justification i can find to continue breathing is the connections i make with people . without those , life is meaningless to me , and without loyalty , real ... wasn't trolling . wasn't trolling . meant explosive in a good way . man you guys are coming off as a bit judgmental . i think we need to keep in mind depression is not always as simple as a chemical imbalance . and we also need to keep in mind that people do not strictly conform to mbti types . depression , ... i can be ruthlessly calculated and manipulative . i try to keep it in check , and i'm not entirely sure why i think this is a bad thing . it doesn't really seem bad , i suppose , but unfair . ... agreed entirely . that really is the remarkable thing about this ... i don't even feel right calling it a genre , as someone pointed out it seems to be a bit of a clusterfuck . with that said , it ... i could write a book filled with all of the things that i hate ... but i'm not really talking about hate . for me , one of the top things is hugs . this transforms into hatred , though , when others ... happiest time of my life was with an entj . i tend to gravitate toward you fuckers . i'm not fully acquainted with the dynamics of the type system yet , so would one of you mind explaining the finer ... i feel like i need to understand who frank is . well if you didn't know what it was to begin with then you likely haven't noticed a correlation , have you ? i mean that in a far less arrogant way than it sounds . i deliberately didn't define it ... are you a troll or just that egotistical ? notice any correlation ? i utterly detested it initially . i've generally been balls deep in electronic music all of my life and i didn't discover dubstep up until about 2 years ago . i encountered no other creature like it ... real difficult to describe . shapes and colors that exist on a 2d plane that change very quickly but very precisely and meaningfully with different aspects of the song in question . oh , of course it's gh . that is a rather frustrating one to learn . can't be too hard on those particular nederlanders , as that sound can be infuriatingly difficult to learn . can't think of what that native language may be . certain varieties of hebrew use sounds that are ordinarily exclusive to arabic ... and there are only a few letters in arabic that i can think of that ... i can tell i'm starting to show schizoid like tendencies . i'm developing some real issues and i feel powerless to combat these habits . they're growing like vines . so glad i found this site . do intps tend to be synesthetes ? if you are , what type of synesthesia occurs ? i see sounds . if you are a foreign language nut i will officially abandon my agnosticism and immediately become an mbtiist . hmm . well ... this guy right here : meditates on ajna on a regular basis . sees auras . has had several oobes . believes fucking none of it . bravo , internet , bravo . it turns out wizards and ... so , though i don't remember how , i came across this whole mbti thing . not sure why i was taking a personality test , but it seemed legit so i went with it . i got my type and didn't read the ...