' counselor your interactive orientation , emotional strength , and acceptance of others make you the counselor . you are the kind of person that friends and strangers alike turn to in times of need - ... op , as you might have guessed from what was said in another thread , there is nothing that makes me feel more alive than dancing . in fact , since beginning my learning journey with it i have begun to ... hired thungs ? oh , you must mean the police ... or the feds . i am .. i mean , i was even crazier about it when i was young . one of my best friends started teaching me korean when we were in high school . now , after college , we live in a house together and speak ... i did too ! that was such a great movie . op , it ' silly for someone to assume that thinkers don't have feelings .. everyone has feelings . thinkers may seem to deal with them better , but in the end ... this is pretty much my assessment of government in general . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbp6umQT58A definitely more productive at night myself . i love working on myself at night by dancing . i generally clean my house at night as well . i taught myself how to play the guitar , but i tried lessons a few years into it and picked up all sorts of things i wished i had known before . it was usually a bit of technique here and there that ... no , i'm not . i'm trying to make a point ; that the stereotype in no way restricts or defines any of us . that's exactly why i wanted people to post things that wouldn't fit it . i'll be there for a few days , but my cousin and i seem to like quite a few of the same things and she just feels more open to getting to know me . i'm going too spend a couple of days traveling around ... i would want to be born in the early 60s so that i would spend my young adulthood in the 80s . new technology and such doesn't matter as much to me as my physical hobbies and interests . i love to ... you're definitely right about intps talking too much about their own interests .. i know i can be bad about it if we hit something i'm really interested in . i always try to find things she's ... i would especially like input from the women on this forum . i am a 26 year old guy and have a 20 year old female cousin cousin who is istj . she and i just recently met after i searched for my dad's ... omg .. get out of my head ! haha what happened to nadjasix ? yes , in mass doses . i went to gollege in the dallas area of texas and experienced things like this plenty of times . okay , i really liked your post so i haven't replied to it yet because i wanted to take a little time think about what i was going to say . first , i'm glad you liked the outfit ! dancers often use ... haha , i'm going to take a stab at this and say ... no .. that's not very abnormal at all . definitely understand the issue of stage fright . i used to do dance battles in college , but couldn't do them unless i was kind of intoxicated . the idea of dancing in front of other people was ... haha , i completely get that ! yes ! absolutely ! singing especially seems out of the box for anyone who is suppose to fit a stereotype of the socially nervous wreck . haha . i love hearing about others being able to use hobby ... this is literally a copy / paste of the mbti that was administered to me by a university psychologist . i had to use their computer so all i could do was copy and paste . it wouldn't let me take a screen ... that's a very interesting perspective . i think that some of the things intp do when they step out of their comfort zone and realize they don't have to be restricted socially by the thoughts or ... ? ? too seriously ? i was trying to answer your question so that you could answer mine .. i thought we were communicating . haha i don't believe in the stereotype either . that's why i want to hear ... i'm interested to know what exactly you mean by a physical braindump ? haha . is it meant to imply that dubstep is an outward display of the intp mind ? yes , that's fine with me . none of my ... like i mentioned in the op , you guys have any hobbies or anything that you do for fun that is really far out of the stereotypical realm for the intp ? i have an abnormal hobby for someone who is really introverted . i dance , and usually not in public . mostly i dance for myself . a lot of people know i can dance because they've seen my videos , but ... and this time it wasn't . you should decide for yourself , regardless of the majority . as i've stated before , being part of the majority does not make one correct . indeed they do . i do not deny that . no , it sounds to me like too many people have insecurities . and i would add that a good direction , to me , would not be in a direction that suggests people should be censored from speaking in a ... being part of a majority does not automatically make one less ignorant . i agree . i believe that the subject matter becomes distasteful because people are hyper sensitive to others talking about them . it is an unfortunate side effect of victim mentality within the minds ... i always try to give the benefit of a doubt . sometimes people have ideas that they just don't express precisely well at first . if the op is genuine i would be curious to see what he has to say , ... i certainly hope not , but i can't really tell where he was going . honestly the post seemed a bit vague . well op , i will say that i agree with the term hijacked to the extent that i observe people in positions of authority using euphemisms and rhetoric in order to divide the people up into groups so ... i reiterate what i said before in the thread about how we build our principles . in my experience , in order to build real principles one must start thinking for their own self . i believe that ... i base all of my philosophical views , ethics , etc . on the idea of nonviolence . a such , i am an anarchist and believe that every individual is responsible for his or her own self . i base my work ethic ... i absolutely refuse to watch ( or keep up with ) anything that the media spits out . i'm not a sheep and i won't allow myself to be herded by that . ask me what politician is in what position .. i don't ... agree : 2,4 , 5,6 , 7,9 , 12,13 , 16,19 , 20,22 , 23,26 , 33,39 , 41,42 , 43,45 , 46 : 1 point disagree : 1,3 , 8,10 , 11,15 , 24,25 , 27,28 , 32,36 , 37,47 , 49,50 : 1 point score : 37 honestly , this is a topic that is ... well , i haven't fully made up my mind how i feel about it . i haven't been diagnosed with autism , as i was diagnosed with social anxiety during college ( had a real ... yup . that would be me . i'm glad to see i was of enough interest to be remembered ! sometimes forums can get so jumbled , but i always pick out a few in each site i visit that are interesting enough to ... sometimes when i read the things you say i think i wish i knew this person in real life . i'm just going to be honest and say that i didn't even finish this test , as it made absolutely no sense to me after about the 6th question and i got bored with it . i agree that this is an issue and has been for quite some time . i am american and live in a conservative state ( for whatever that's worth ) . from what i see , the state itself ( as in the government , ... who says i haven't read it ? there you go assuming again . and anyway , nothing in that conversation has anything to do with what you and i were initially trying to clarify . wow .. just wow .. i love how you tell everyone what they think , what their intentions are , and how they intemperate what they read . you have got to be kidding me . you're right . i'm done . see , there you go again . what did she say that was paranoid ? there is nothing in this thread that i've seen to confirm this statement . stop making assumptions about what others are saying and you ... because it's either trolling , willful ignorance , or something between the two that would lead someone to tell me what i implied in my own post . i implied nothing except exactly what i said and you ... thanks for the input . i can see from the post below yours that you are right . '