' i have taken a class with this guy and we have studied together after class . when the semester ends he sent me a text that said we should celebrate by watching a movie together since the semester is ... yeah i have tried uploading my resume on the website for employers to view . but i have only gotten one response after a couple of weeks . i don't think this method work for someone who is desperate ... there are two things that i currently desire : one , to move out my parents ' house and get an affordable apartment near my workplace . two , find a bf . :p sent from my samsung-sm-g 900a using tapatalk be ready for that question on the job interview . at the girl's locker room ... rachel : oh shoot , somebody stole my swimsuit . i left it on my locker last friday and it was gone . ahhh friend a : oh no ... you should tell barbara ( swim teacher ) that you ... yeah we could consume capsules with all the nutrients from regular food to remain alive but in the long run , our digestive system and any other body organs will probably degenerate . human life span ... and eating fruits and vegetables is not evil ? they are a life too . i perceive myself as a victim of technology distraction from tv to smartphone . they are destroying my ability to deliberate and retrospect . i enjoy alone time but mostly i am browsing online or ... well who said to whom is not really important isn't it ? i just want to know if its appropriate for a girl to say this to a guy . always want to have a raptor as my pet , like eagle or hawk . if i ever get to keep me , i will train it to fly to me , send letter to my friend , watch it hovering in the sky . he will be my hiking ... if a girl say i admire your skills to a guy , would he get the wrong idea ? could a guy say i admire you to another guy ? i'm just trying to figure out if there is something more to this phrase . ... this makes my day ! 306730 oh we are talking about developing countries and underdeveloped countries . apparently , those parents have a valid reason to have their kids start working as early as possible . it's not like they ... do you want to know who you are ? don't ask . act ! action will delineate and define you . - thomas jefferson i concede to your argument . as long as these children are working under a safe environment and are not forced or abused i'm don't have a problem with that . what a coincidence , i just had a ... enough to support family ... that's hardly the case , if it is true why are they working instead of going to school . what if one day they got lay off because employers find cheaper labor . they are ... yeeep . the benefits of primary education come later in life . that is why we say invest in education , then can we get return after a couple of years . every job that is available for children is low ... primary education is not worth it , just look like how much time children have wasted in school when they could actually help out their family by making money . and what is the counter-argument ? even if the germany didn't start the war , we would still make it to the space because we are progressing . math is important is many fields : business , economic , engineering , science , physic , chemistry , biology ... without a good understanding of statistics , one can't even understand an economic ... haha the way you explain the argument sounds a lot like my econ prof . i'm sorry for your childhood . my friend had the same experience as you and she became mature at a young age . my parents were divorced for good . i still remember how they throw things at each other ... have you heard about arranged marriage by parents ? that may be less of the case in today's world but it was popular in my mom's generation . so basically you don't get to choose whom you want to be ... if divorce is not an option , then we could be dealing with more serious problems such as domestic violence . not exactly the happy innocent kids as we hope for . respecting them is not lying to their face about how i really feel , nodding at their ridiculous standards for men and women , and then changing back to the moral standard that is socially acceptable ... isn't a good voice the gift that keeps on giving ? :D it's not about respecting their culture you got the wrong idea . they just favor boy over girl and use culture as a cover-up . they have this deep rooted gender stereotype that has been passed down ... we are in twenty first century , women are just as industrious as men . no more stay-home housewives . what makes you think that men need as much money as possible to compete and women don't ? in our culture , the inheritance will be divided between children if they happen to be all girls . if one of the children is a boy , than he will receive all of the inheritance whereas the girls get ... i can play a few simple songs on piano . that's about the only instrument i play . i learned how to play as a kid and i took one year of piano lessons . my interest to learn this instrument is ... to nail the job interview on friday ... let me know if you find out what a bold name means xd what ! ? that's bizarre i'm not allow to copy some of my old paper to my new paper ? i don't understand the rationale behind this . it's funny today in class . one student recommended a website that ... the ideas are just getting better and better . use a footnote ... hmm let me find out how to use it first . the firm : the story of mckinsey and its secret influence on american business by duff mcdonald planning on reading : the big short : inside the doomsday machine by michael lewis not sure what do you mean by offerings o . 0 . my post was unfortunately in between you chatterbox :( except i wasn't joking about changing my name . seems like my request was missed . can i have my name changed to vivafara please ? i like how you guys have such creative ways to pose in a picture . :) never try to hire someone to write for me and never will . wow , good for you ! yes it's exactly what you think it means :) thank you ! i still haven't pick a side though because i feel like there might be more reasons to argue against it . 1 . even though empirical study ... what are some good research topics on development economic ? might be a little late to change topic since i already put down 4 pages of rambling essay . : frustrating : thanks for the tip ! interesting story too . if there is anything i learnt : never pretend that teachers don't know how to google , because they know better . just a few questions . how many ... the first draft is due on april 27th , and the professor will make lots of comments and then give it back to us . we get to choose whatever topic we like . my pick : will higher income eventually ... if it is a creative writing paper , i would have finished it a long time ago . sadly it is not :( i have to write a 8-p age single spaced research paper on environment . i was not about to copy and ... i wish to change my name to vivafara : kitteh :: kitteh : much thanks i normally don't have a rapid mood swing unless there is a reason to : something or someone makes me feel uncomfortable . one second i'm all happy after the a good exercise , the next second i have a ... '