' i have always thought that writings should be free and freedom of knowledge in general should be enhanced . what do you think on this matter , oh fellow intps ? you are making generalisations , that are not true . how come if men are better at thinking , is it that the women in this thread have the wider knowledge and understanding of the topic ? you are also ... what is your argument here ? there are gender equality issues and then there is also relative equality of opportunity ? either i don't completely understand what your opinion is or your way of putting ... hello fellow intp's . i have recently become more self-conscious of my ti-function and failed to retype myself as an entp . although , i have for long tried to come up with , and find , a good reason ... rust , true detective my mother tongue is finnish . i am interested in learning languages , mainly germanic right now . i can do on varying levels english , swedish , german and very little italian . i would say fe , instead than ni . just by personal experience of typology and staring every human being i have ever meant straight into the eyes . i can agree with you . i would not ask anyone else to be inside my head with me . then again , i can't live just by myself . i have huge needs for romantic experiences . but it's reserved only for the right people , and my inner critic destroys any senseless relationships and feelings very quickly and abruptly . i don't ... hmmm , nope , can't agree with freud on this . i highly recommend getting into your own dreams and thinking of them more and more . personally , i learn a lot of things of my confidence and inconfidence ... ... when you laugh so hard for how accurate these are , and accidentally swallow your gum . dear entp you are best , ' nuff said yours , me . this thread is typist , very typist . i am not pointing at anyone , but i cannot understand how a nife stacked type subforum could so easily start bashing some of the nt-types . i am confident and modest ... i found one of you wandering in the wild . she's mine now , for eternity . i will also crack up her skull just so i can bash in your beliefs better in future . : crazy : i don't like reading other entp's blogs for the reason that their intentions and values most often vary a lot from mine rendering their opinions some what endearing rather than even informative . this ... yes , i have been in the exact same situation . try to realize what is your purpose in the situation and draw energy from it . be the flag . when people get lazy , uninspired and lose their motivation , generally speaking , they gain weight . how easy is it to actually fix a problem like that ? i mean , someone who wants to get out of their ... wow . there must be some serious social background differences among us entp's . desire machine described exactly how i feel and act when in such social groups . this is also a very big trend ... ummm ... can i get the challenge ? i didn't quite understand it from your op . this can be answered in a simple tone . you cannot do this and you will adhere to your functions and their development . each and every entp functions differently on the smaller scope and have their ... an entp who isn't interested to type himself properly , after 500 forum posts , hmm . obviously , you have had some training with internet . :) :) :) haven't you been to 4chan ? there's more fun to ... there's one general notice i have had from debates with nearly every intj's - few of which are my top buds , of course ;) - is that they are very confident . i mean confident as in their stance ... welcome to the forum ! you have very cool interests . : happy : your thinker types seem a tad too short on the bright side . for an entp's opinion , mine that is , i was going for the seaside option . i use ( as any mature entp should be using , if i may add ) , ti to ... did i just tear a little ? : frustrating : i'm not sure if this was my earliest memory , but i remember being with my older sister ( two years apart , almost like a twin to me ) on a table playing the ... i have always been fighting against my unattractiveness , whether it is true or not . most of the time i do not care about these things , especially when accompanied by friends . but when i sit down from ... welcome to the forum ! we extraverted finns are breaking the norms . : wink : just a quick reply here . i got most of the times 100 % from the tests . some times going low as 90 % . looking back at time in , well , 10 years , i'd say that should be right . i don't have that ... i believe i have been in the same spot as you have . try to outline some big plans for your future and do not think too big of them , after they are sorted out . start enjoying the smaller bits as old ... i am wondering whether entp's have the one best type to date with . i have my answer for this and it goes something like this : the personality entp in itself has more subtype personalities than the 16 ... i am an entp -> therefore , entps exist . your answers have been scored . the higher the number , the closer you are to the first category . high preference : 2 , 3 , 13 , 14 moderate preference : 4 , 5 , 11 , 12 low preference : 6 , 7 , 9 , 10 no ... the entp are more tearsy than most of the personalities , i'd say . the whore / pleaser function isn't a trait of a function , is it ? but yes , in a healthy relationship they are less than likely to ... omg . thank you for the rick roll . i realised that i shouldn't be wasting my time here , i'm not even from canada , so what the actual fuck am i doing in this thread ? ! ? back on topic : do entp's ... now that you mentioned it , someone did say something about the race in my university . they participated in it the last year . might be i'll try to join them . : ninja : seems fair . i was often considered as an introvert as a teenager , for the same reasons . it's just the personal development we go through and the antisocial ways doing so . tzara where can i sign up ... anyone else getting a disgusted feeling reading these topics ? is this seriously some common thing for finnish entp's ? ? ? because i've met one possible entp , and she just left finland . and also some very vaguely typed entp's are moving out . and i'm moving out ... occams chainsaw , be nice , now . ;D yeah , i've noticed that with my intj friends , from the other side of the scope ... i tend to distract them often . i notice it , but don't really do anything ... funny that you mentioned special enfp . the enfp from finland i've met are weird , at least they don't seem the stereotypical enfp they claim they are here on perc . where have you met the intj and ... good to hear , that's what i am hoping for , when i start my studies and university life . ;) you're foreign , as well ? i did also live in britain for a few years , if that can actually affect my personality . i know a lot of nt's , but not entp's , for sure . enfp's are also more common . including ... seriously ! ? i haven't found that many entp's , or typed them , yet here in finland . would be interesting to see finnish entp's in action . :D yup , the internet sounds good . but we need more precise measures here . the entire spectrum of my short life , i have been searching for the most similar people , and the place where people , close to my ends , gather . so . how would you assess the masses and shepherd the ... i think so . devoid , can i ask you a simpler question ; what merits do you , actually , possess ? with merits i mean something that reads on a cv without personal space included . what geonerd and some other guy entps said before me , you seem very normal , for an entp . all of your 8 points are exactly something i could come up with as well . maybe you should try to find ... i have the exact same feelings for other entps . and a couple of other people , not necessarily entp , themselves have said that i am very passively aggressive towards them . they feel i have no ... asd '