' yes ! i luckily managed to get home from uni before 2:30 when within a couple of minutes , everything just went haywire . the worst thing is that cold wind . melbourne weather at the moment . brrr ... : frustrating : i'm an intj and i'm also pretty terrible with directions . i also really identify with this : without a gps i'd never get anywhere . kind of lonely actually . dear enfp , ... i always find myself speechless after talking to you . yesterday was the most fun i've had in a long time and i'm glad that you enjoyed yourself as well . i don't get to spend much ... my university's timetabling system is horrible . you'd think after years of complaints and server crashes that they would find a better way to run it and yet every semester , without fail , it crashes ! ... this thread immediately reminded me of this : http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-cCYbxxHhP6c/TwBLMYSgpvI/AAAOU/HKx7fxT7Nmo/s1600/hindsight2.jpg istp : these pancakes are dry . it's a good thing i'm such a sweet person to compensate * sarcasm * me : sweet ? ! i'd consider you to be a very bitter person istp : no way , i'm sweet in every way me : ... wow this thread resonates with me so much . the smirk smile , the not knowing how much teeth to show ... smiling for photos just feels so unnatural to me . i'd be up for it . - when people get their usage of their , there and they're wrong - when people stand over you whilst you're reading , writing , on the computer , working etc . adventure time ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfijG7pmMqk when you do things right , people won't be sure you've done anything at all . - god ( futurama ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6_pv_vRHKI i'm in a seinfeld mood today : laughing : i have no idea what just happened ... last night i had coffee with someone who invited me , not sure what their intentions of the meeting even were . coffee goes well , we talk for about an hour and ... thank you for clearing that up . i wish people could be more straight forward like that . haha . well the bare bones of it is that i've just started a new part time job and we had training for it about a month ago . i spoke to this girl maybe 3 times in total , only once one on one . then ... yep that's what i thought . story of my life , huh . is asking someone to have coffee with you a date ? i have no idea whatsoever ! : frustrating : dear infj girl in my psych class , having you in my tuesday afternoon statistics class makes the subject so much more bearable . you know i can't let you win any of our ' arguments ' but it's so much ... thank you lemxn , that's a fair assessment and it's nice to get a different point of view . i'm sure that if there's any further developments that this thread will be my first point of call . could you elaborate the bolded part on what you mean when you say this relationship won't be rationalised like everything else in your world , she wouldn't let you do that , because she can reach ... thank you for your insight but i really don't think she can tell ( i feel like i do a very thorough job of hiding it , surely she can't read minds right ? ... right ? well that will be fun to think about ... dear infjs on this forum , thank you for starting up this thread . i enjoy using it . i find it very cathartic . sincerely - intj . dear infj girl in my psych class . i think that i'm beginning to fall for you . it was really nice that we were able to talk about our quirky introverted moments with each other and it makes me feel ... dear enfp , i never hear from you and unless you want advice . you probably have no idea how much i've been trying to forget you and accept that we're growing apart . sometimes i actually do manage ... you know you're an introvert when you believe that introspection is one of the most underrated activities ever . seinfeld curb your enthusiasm house futurama breaking bad how i met your mother lie to me psych suits american dad dear friend , you really need to stop cancelling plans with me at the last minute . it really makes me question our friendship . you're my closest friend and yet i'm always the one making the effort ... had a night out with my old high school friends and realised that we just don't have anything in common anymore . also , i need to find better excuses to leave early : tongue : yep everything that everyone's said resonates with me . it's even more annoying when as soon as you finish the conversation , your mind decides to come up with exactly what you wanted to say ... dammit ... when you feel like you're watching the world behind a glass window and feel like you can't connect . state your mbti : intj do you keep your promises ? yes . that's why i don't make promises that i know that i can't keep . if there's any doubt at all i won't make a promise . is it something sacred ... - a good night's sleep . - being indoors and listening to the rain . thanks . i'll send you a pm after i get back from uni you've summed it up perfectly . all my conversations seem to be just small talk and yet i have no idea how or what it is exactly that i want from the conversation . depth ? philosophical discussions ... am i the only intj who prefers the company of children over adults ? i have a 8 year old cousin who i absolutely adore more than anything and is one of the few people who draws out my ' silly ... i've been feeling lonely a lot recently . ironically , i've been spending more time with people and i think that in itself is what is making feel isolated . i don't feel like i can connect with people ... dear enfp , the truth is is that even after all this time , i still miss you . they say that time heals all wounds but my emotional wounds have always taken an age to heal and even then , it always ... another fellow victorian here :p roud : when you genuinely like people but also love having privacy and finding other people who can understand that need for balance is almost impossible . i think i want more friends and to be more social but when the opportunity comes i always seem to prioritise my work and cancel plans . i like the idea of friendship but not necessarily the commitment ... dear infj girl in my psych class , i knew from the moment we spoke that you were different . thank you for complimenting me on being a good listener ... i'm still not exactly sure what it is that i ... you know you're a judger when you can't enjoy yourself knowing that you have work you need to complete . you know you're a judger when you get unexplainably happy having completed your work . you know , as stereotypically intj and nerdy as it sounds , i'd love to have a free flowing conversation over a game of chess as a first date . she wouldn't even need to be good at it , the fact that she ... it's 4am over here in australia and i can't sleep ( first time in a while in fact ) . the only girl i've ever been in a relationship with ( a messy one at that ) and the only person i've ever loved ... when you can't enjoy play before finishing your work . when you get pleasure out of finishing your work . am i the only intj who loves poetry and symbolism ? i find language fascinating . there's just something so unexplainably beautiful about hearing something said or being conveyed in the most ... 8 i hate ambiguously worded questions especially when your professor won't even allow you to ask for clarification . dammit if you're going to ask an ambiguous question with potentially multiple ... '