' ready yet ? ? ? yeah , i just realized that i accidently put isfp in the title rather than infp ... my bad ... i agree that , fe is the best manipulating / influencing function . i'm not saying that unhealthy infps ... trying to get some entp perspective on infps my wife is an isfj and my mother-in-law is infp . her mother manipulates her like crazy and me by extension which drives me crazy . things like : you ... two words : pepsi challenge if you had a more robust vocabulary , you may have been able to outline a more plausible argument to support your theory ... unfortunately , i'm unconvinced and inclined to disagree with your ... i can only hang around people with fi or se as their very first function in very small doses . unequivocally paradoxical ... how very entp . i have a better than average vocabulary , and tend to assume those with a poor one are less smart or educated in general assuming english is their first ... don't really agree with israel being a us lapdog . it really seems more like israel are the ones calling the shots . more aid ? check . missile defense system please ? yes please . do they still do what ... and melaniem i agree with the notion that in the us if you voice disagreement with israeli policy you run the risk of being labeled as an anti-semetic person . in fact , i was implicitly ... wellsy that is one of the reasons i mentioned . based on your logic hamas does not want israel to blow the fuck out of them . what else would they expect to happen when they blast rockets into ... in that case , the effort you mustered to reply means so much more ... here is a good video from the daily show with john stewart that sums everything up pretty well in terms of us ... i'm curious to hear some entp thoughts on the terrible loss of life here . i live in the us and as i can see both sides . i understand israel's point of view , but i also can't help but sympathize ... , i think diving too far into genetics or normal or not can be a slippery slope . i don't know that you can link two completely different things together simply because both involve genetic ... thanks for your awesome replies everyone ! this has been fascinating for me and i really am learning a lot . as for what i meant by gender neutral , i really just meant avoiding bringing the matter up ... , thanks so much for taking the time to post ! i can totally see an entp being so distracted by the fascinating world around us that you wouldn't even realize you may be transgender ... okay team entp i have a question for the entp community . i'm sure you already have an idea based on the title . but , first i want to preface by saying a few things . as an entp , i do not fit ... so out of curiosity , which season did most of you like more ? 1 or 2 ? worst advice i've ever heard ! asking a bunch of coworkers if your boss also stares creepily at them ? how can that possibly work out well ? ! your boss will probably find out you asked and you will ... i'll take a stab ... stop hanging out with extroverted sensors . sorry , but this is naive . most hospitals are non-profits and yet they are still rip offs . why , you ask ? it has everything to do with a lack of competition . if you go to a hospital for an ... i'm so sorry that you visited the entp forum , read a post one entp made and became offended . please don't go and create a forum post of your own about how much you dislike entps . that would be ... i am this way when at work . i've headed up many large projects and can super focus on one project if it's a complicated and has many parts , especially if i feel that i can improve it . a project ... i wouldn't be so sure about that . i for one miss the good old days of western union stop there was nothing like getting a good cable stop all that kids know how to do today is chat on their motorola car phones and play nintendo stop i can see how it could be useful to have during an emergency , but otherwise they seem pretty pointless . powershell is referring to trollmasters in general , not you specifically . every type is 100 % equal in hotness ... i guess the 2/3 rds of self diagnosed entjs who mistype have to go somewhere ... :-) devoid the word manipulation is a fairly vague term with a negative connotation ( fair or not ) i agree that entjs will have no patience for feelings manipulation tactics and yes , they are ... stupid question , obviously because they're so warm a cuddly ... fyi an entj probably wouldn't like you straying off topic like this ... source : i know one . [ see what i did there ? ] a good guide leaves the user thinking the ideas were all his own :-) i agree most of this is intuitive , but i would bet that many entps are either intimidated by entjs or else overly competitive . ... this his thread is a spinoff of one created by devoid attracted to entjs a post by yesiknowbut and a response from jameswilson i started it as a reply , but extroverted intuition took it ... 1 . i would define an upbeat person as someone who has passion and generally a sense of urgency . entps enjoy brainstorming ne . we become passionate about ideas when engaged in this behavior . 2 . ... i like introvert ( s ) i agree with some of what you're saying , but your description really seems more relevant to entjs . we aren't exactly the evil overloads and most people actually like entp , even if ... i agree that many things fall in between two extremes . here is an example . do you prefer capitalism or socialism ? the real question should be where is the sweet spot on this sliding scale since ... thanks for the response . relative to the us i think that most of the developed world could be considered a welfare state . compared to some other european countries like denmark and sweden the ... i'm surprised to see how many non-gamer entps there are . i always thought i was one of the few who wasn't . i hardly ever play anymore and was never hardcore . i can easily play a game for 10 ... i agree that actual inequality in the west and quality of life is much more stable than income would represent due to the law of diminishing returns that additional income produces in terms if ... i hope you're in the mood for an ne carpet ride . don't worry , i do eventually get to the question . i have a dream : to become super rich ... then , i would retire and start a foundation similar ... creativity is a very broad word . i don't even think most people know what it means to be creative . i grew up thinking i wasn't all that creative simply because i'm not a good artist . we are ... i feel like i could have written this specifically . i'm the go to person for every major project at my company . when you count the various systems i've either managed or figured out how to complete ... i definitely agree . often i simply become annoyed . generally i am very good at keeping an even keel , but once annoyed enough i tend explode with a passionate over abundance of truthfulness that i ... no . sorry kid . so my boss and i got into a pretty heated argument today ( i would tend to call it a discussion ) , which happens from time to time . this boss is also a friend and one of the few people i have the ... not to change the subject but ... has anyone considered the possibility that we may eventually be able to prevent aging past a certain point ? i for one think that biological immortality will ... my friend uses it to download free music ( mp3s ) . it takes about half an hour per song . aol may be faster , but i'm not sure because he has compuserve . he also has a cd burner which means he can ... i have never cheated and never will for the reason that many in here have already mentioned . biologically , it may be natural , but i'd like to think of myself as a little above the primitive fray . ... the proverbial slope has just been slippeded across ... the op : be careful my friend . trolling is one thing , but starting an entire troll thread is something entirely different . starting is the easy part , but by god win you try to stop ... the ... '