it doesn't really point to anything . not that i know of at least . 11 is a prime number ? hey , come here . come here . feel my face . i just shaved . feel my face . come here . it's smooth because i just shaved . come on , try it . feel my face . come on . just feel my face . feel my face . ... rules are good . if i didn't need to find ways around stupid rules , how would my mind ever stay in shape ? why ? i have fixed routes in my house . my room is on the second floor , so i often move from the second floor to the ground floor and vice versa . i've moved this route so many times that i always do it in ... semantics of the word hurt . to you it means injury ( correct me if i'm wrong ) . to me , hurt is the feeling of pain in any form . is perfect emotional health possible ? if so , very well done . i'm ... is it though ? is hurt contradictory with health ? the tearing down of muscle fibers hurt , but when not taken to excess , this will eventually result in a stronger muscle that can better resist the ... vulnerability is not a goal or measure of emotional health in the same way legs are no goal or measure of soccer skills , but as legs are necessary to play soccer , so vulnerability is necessary to ... i think the best attitude to adopt is to realize that you are enough , for now . but not for tomorrow . tomorrow you have to be better . vulnerability is not only a ' tool ' or ' something you might want to try ' . i think vulnerability is absolutely necessary for emotional health . only if you are truthful about your thoughts and ... superiority is to function is a superior way , yes . but , the word superior needs a qualifyer to describe something . superior simply means better . so if you say something ( or someone ) is better , ... i wouldn't say that it is unnecessary to type you because of the problems you have , nor have i suggested that . i would say however , that it is unnecessary to type you in general . it may be necessary ... forget your ex . your relationship with your ex is unstable as shown by the fact that you have broken up before . this signifies an incompatibility . getting back with him , even if you could , is not a ... i'm sorry to say this but it seems like you have a lot of problems . i suggest instead of trying to figure out how the way you work fits in four letters , try to figure out how to change yourself ... good luck with yours . i like writing as well , but like you i rarely get things done . i don't work on it a lot , because i don't often feel like it . however , that doesn't mean i don't enjoy it when i do work on it . however , ... if they suck , they're prostitutes . at high velocities ? most solid objects really ... i think the reason you get bored too easily is that you play against innanimate objects . 1 . blood transfusion . save the patient or respect the families religious beliefs and effectively let her die ? save the patient . 2 . the resume . hope for the best or destroy your competitor's ... but if your content with being alone becomes part of your identity , then you start valuing it and consequently get attached to it . so anything you value will cause suffering . and if you dont value ... if attachments cause suffering and the idea that you are lacking something is an attachment , then what is not having an attachment ? what does not cause suffering ? if attachments cause suffering and the idea that you are lacking something is an attachment , then what is not having an attachment ? what does not cause suffering ? yes , but that works both ways . in fact that works in all ways . by your logic any attachment to any thought or belief will cause suffering . maybe i misunderstand , but doesn't that also mean that ... so does lack of attachment . what is a human to do ? there is no problem then . just find a girlfriend . sure they are monolingual . whether that language is english is a different matter . is there a good reason you cannot be her boyfriend ? every person on this forum born outside the anglosphere will probably be multilingual . omg . i can't believe someone would do such a thing . they skinned her alive . the horror . but that's not the end of it . those bastards are probably going to burn her alive as well , and if that ... you already have been . i think i might be overcooked ... how are every-day differences , different from other differences ? worrying i wont get enough sleep to compensate for the jetlag . and consequently not being able to get enough sleep because i'm worrying too much about getting enough sleep to compensate for the ... some would consider not having a douchey picture for an avatar , but that's just my opinion . do whatever you want . i mean , the avatar is only how you represent yourself to everyone on the forum , ... sometimes it may be unnecessary to say sorry , but i don't think that whether you do so or not matters much . and it is probably not a problem that's worth worrying about . being sorry is an ... i'd say you can reduce the probability of getting cancer by eating right , but it is never a guerantee . in the same way a smoker that is more likely to getting cancer may live to be a hundred years ... actually , there is an actual cure for cancer . to kill all the cancer cells in the body you just have to kill all the cells in the body , by limiting or stopping oxygen to the brain . it's not very ... it's very much a stretch to say that insecurity and confidence can be the same thing , but i understand your meaning . i also disagree with it . but then i'm holding the definition for the ... explain ? pretty much this . [ / quote ] the consensus is pretty clear . if i could go back in time and meet a younger version of myself , then i wouldn't waste any time meeting a younger version of myself . i mean , come on . if i had the ability and knowledge to travel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r36wnaSqJtw kiss her . don't spend your days off with people . i disagree . western society seems more individualistic than it has ever been . there is less need to conform than in the past . 1 . yes 2 . only when traveling 3 . as much as i would enjoy any good meal 4 . the kind that serves food i like ( no specifics ) 5 . depends on the restaurant . usually something with meat and ... then you have to take your pants down . it's more efficient to just stand . my laptop screen is only attached to the computer / keyboard-part by some wires , the actual casing that's supposed to support the screen is gone . i place books behind the screen to keep it up . my ...