' your description seems to imply istjs come out exactly as they're raised , more so than other types or what ? istj tramadol is my go to . it's like instantaneous antidepressant , it makes everything shine . coke and adderall are fun , but stim comedowns make me feel empty for days . i like alcohol but i ... i know this isn't my forum but i'm bad . my teacher's assistant is probably enfp . i'm sort of bothered that everything is a right answer to her . but anyways assuming i'm even si i guess i ... i was the quiet kid who was always asleep . i was also an under the radar attention whore . : crazy : that shouldn't be a moon xstps , especially when they're 5s or 8s . 3/10 i guess . i had a small group until junior year . senior year 1/10 because my friends had all gone to college and i didn't talk to anyone . wondering how highly concentrated tea would taste like only i'm no longer thinking about it it tastes awful dark tshirts , boot cut jeans , converse , hoodies , maybe a watch on occasion . this is pretty much all i wear . some friends have even memorized the order i wear my tshirts in , from my favorites to ... sound , i have to really try to listen to lyrics . that and the lyrics to my favorite songs are completely nonsensical . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sfPBpnplRQ reddit is overrun with si te doms . just look at the top comments , they're usually informative , well written paragraphs on general facts and figures which cannot really be denied , or if not serious , ... the longer my bike stays broken the more i feel like i'm letting its body succumb to a disease i could have prevented . seriously i do this with many of my possessions , i think it more has to do with ... istj , i have no problem with it . i used to partake alot , but don't anymore due to anxiety . i'll smoke after a couple drinks , as it fends off the anxiety and increases the focus . otherwise i'm shaking ... i have a similar dilemma , which may get even worse as my entry into the adult world continues . i don't know what my goal is , or what i want , and only focus on practical desires like going on a road ... yolo my closer friends tolerate it , but i can come off as an asshole to new people for several reasons . - my face is always set to tense ; squinted eyelids , pursed lips - goofing around is impossible with ... i once wore green pants in public . regret consumed me for weeks . eels - blinking lights and other revelations bibio - silver wilkinson kanye west - my beautiful dark twisted fantasy deadmau 5 - random album title i even have their cd versions : kitteh : mom's isfj , dad's estj , sister's isfj , littler sister's an estj , and i think i'm istj . i'm not very close with any of them for reasons . i'm ( regretfully ) hateful towards my dad over a number of issues ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MTbYve31BA istj . i should be heading off to college in the fall , and am currently working retail to save up for , i dunno , something i might want or need in the future . my dream job is to conduct freight trains . every time i cheat i like to tell myself i'm being completely true to myself and the world , that i'm simply doing what it takes to come out ahead and that understanding material is a completely ... the only reason i ever delve into deeper friendships with people is because i will follow their conversations . i really don't like to be the one to force someone else into my own thoughts . i've found ... istj , my mental imagery isn't the best , so i'm comfiest around my nonfiction , especially biographies . my sense of wonder is much better served by nature or movies . the big difference is where you get your information from . i don't fully understand ni , but a good comparison of the two is that si relies on tangible past experiences which can include a hunch ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? istj 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) si is a pretty simple function . i'm partially stealing this from another post and putting some of my own input into it , but si is like a memory bank . you can usually pick and choose what you want to ... imagine if our name was something cooler like the bookkeepers . the only part of me i see in the name is that i really do like to get things done , and not even immediately , just eventually . but ... atm i'm watching / following : breaking bad wolf's rain undergrads game of thrones adventure time wakfu parks and recreation clone high completely overly saturated emotional movie / tv scenes such as the ending of les miserables and the death of the policeman's partner in end of watch . both really overdid the scenes , but my emotions ... skimmed this , but i definitely got more of an fi te from it than an fe ti . mostly from your stoic behavior you describe in the event of betrayal and the strong link between feeling and past memories ... rant : is it normal to suddenly begin closing myself up and tell no one anything about myself ? i used to be so open and barely gave any thought to sharing pieces of myself with others , which would ... i can't describe how bad the burnout is . any sentence i read about anything doesn't yield a thing in my mind . i'm barely aware if the grammar is even correct writing this out ... but seriously , how ... i didn't even know i did this up until around a year ago . thinking back , all i can think is , wow , i really looked like a dick ... i don't mean to do it ! my friends have told me i appear to get ... don't take any of my word on this , it's just thoughts . how old are you ? because i go through these same feelings . i really wish i was more adaptable , better with people , more in touch with my ... i've got several , music has never really brought tears ( only movies can occasionally do it ) , but they can really get the feels running . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvvBuubAxF0 ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... type : istj most attracted to : istp , isfj , infp least attracted to : estj , estp , infj just the unknown in general . covering every topic from death to what may be present while i sleep . coffee man , i typed this thing just thinking to make a casual opinion . looked back 15 min later and was baffled at how much i typed . i can barely remember half my reasonings as i was more focused on ... 81391 been a while , but i guess i should finally list mine . twilight - istj without a doubt , her inferior ne shines . very smart one though . don't know why she isn't the element of loyalty . applejack - ... i have this organized chaos thing going on . you may call it a mess , but i consider finding my phone in under 5 minutes an organized system . i didn't have to , society already took care of it for me and gave it the reviews it deserved . and istp , you're probably just never going to experience this sanctity i have accomplished , with you and ... i'm simply trying to make myself satisfied . how hard is that for her to understand ? but i forgot , intps nitpick because they claim to have this divine trait to do so , even when it doesn't affect ... science is simply another learning requirement i've been given in life . what's not to understand about that ? oh , i forgot , science is another one of those things you claim you discover , while the ... why would an istp be in an elevator ? closed spaces simply make you have panic attacks about how much is going on behind the scenes that you should be told or warned about . here's how this race works intp . by the time i have finished and accomplished every goal i have set out for myself in life , you're still going to be admiring the complexities of that slab of dirt you ... stop telling yourself you're that one special puzzle piece that doesn't fit istp . society has chosen the perfect sector for you to work in , and you just can't accept its perfection . stop forgetting yours '