' me . for me i will attempt to take interest in things outside of the istj comfort zone . exactly how i would do it . i jaywalk alot . i stopped right there . it really destroys our spirit when our close friends mistreat us . if i were you , i would stop harboring hopes of a reunion . how far ahead do you set your clocks ? normally 20 mins which do you prefer digital , analog , or other digital military or standard ? doesnt matter do you always have a watch / clock on you ? how do you discipline yourselves to stay organized and committed to projects ( ... and people .. ) ? people have high hopes on me and i work to maintain that high standards . how do you resist the ... win ... anyways i think one of the best thing about being a istj is that we are extremely reliable . my plan is probably be more social i guess . over the past few months i have been extremely moody and unapproachable . thumbs up for caffeine it does now that u've mentioned it :P it did . which is why i stopped : crazy : whats your point ? dont ask just do ' dont question the law / system if you follow the steps , you can't go wrong more talk , less done i once had one but my sis would look for it even after i hid it away : frustrating : . but now i prefer to talk to close ones to my emotions , works better i feel . truth .. : frustrating : coffee , friends whom i can speak to , basically just talk . i think girls call it a gossip session ? when i'm alone , i just like to sit around to think / read absolutely hilarous ! : wink : initially i plugged a sort of time period for people to be considered close or special to me . then i scrapped it after realising that its not the time , but the spectrum of events that we have ... being new in this forum , i already can't imagine the loss of niss . thumbs up for an awesome father figure ! thanks for convincing me that i'm not the only weird one : blushed : i don't quite get the entire idea . tell me if i got it ? freedom = birds ( as they are free to fly without boundaries of visas and permits ? ) : sad : methodical , serious , factual outgoing , anything-goes , loafer . second this . getting out of my comfort zone to hang with that person and his / her clique ( strangers ? yikes ! ) here's one : when your statement is challenged , you instinctively refer to any related sources to validate it . nothing wrong with consulting your father . if i were your boyfriend , i would have been disappointed that i was excluded in such a big matter . since it requires a fair bit of financial outlay , ... im a deadpan kind of person . i find myself restraining from joking when i'm around new people , not that i am a bad joker but i must be sure of their intellectual maturity before i start . sucks ... actually the analysis given is quite true . often i find myself putting my hands away when i'm in a big social group . my lecturer for public speaking rebuked me for doing so during a presentation , ... cross my arms all the time when im getting abit annoyed when the debate is getting pointless ( usually because i see my pov as superior : mellow :) more often than not i put my hands in my pocket tho . its like you are in my head . : blushed : tough to quantify . my current batch of close friends have known me close to 2.5 years at least , the longest being 12 . if one person is capable of having non-biased , open communication with me , ... i would have just said an audible hi simply because the situation demands for it . but of course , they should already know you're not much of a talker , furthermore , it doesn't seem like you are ... yeah i've always thought that a spiritual connection is always one in solitude . perhaps that why im not cool with church : sad : . but honestly i feel there are many new and fantastic people waiting ... surprise surprise , im 19 and facing the same problems . but you know what ? i gave up looking for what i want . im really trying to explore into religon . issues throughout my life have been largely ... just curious , who in this forum is a christian convert ? why did you do it ? personally i feel that i could use a purpose driven by faith but the realist side of me tells me that there are no ... its my personal anomaly i guess . having to seek help is a sign of inability to me . if you are competent , you dont need help echoes everytime i hit an obstacle . books or in the bank ! yep . certainly the one's recieving my praise really knows what i mean . but people who heard me giving it and doesnt know well enough ? well thats probably why i've not really given them a try , ... small talk and flirt is simply unnatural for me . when i compliment someone's look , my friend tells me woah not bad ! sad thing is that i really meant what i say . myself , i usually cant study alone unless im at home . i do find myself occasionally studying better with people around me , irregardless whether they are my close friends or not . i find a need to ... thanks for the pep talk , mate . i feel much more at ease now ! thank you for offering your time to help imho , when anyone has been told about some part of my life more than once , he / she must be a pretty big deal in my life . heck , we refuse to talk about ourselves all the time . they are one of the ... maybe its just me then : frustrating : if i were her dad , i would just let her have my credit card and give her a spending cap 1 ) no restriction to gifts 2 ) easy , no frills 3 ) practical of course i still feel that some quality ... the gift cert is genius . chances are you wil never know what an itsj wants cause they are so private in nature , but imagine the endless potential in a simple gift card ! ! ! again , i stress that when both sides dont feel the same for each other , the relationship is very likely to break down . today i just heard of a similiar ending , sigh or it could be just that itsjs are cruelly blunt : frustrating : agreed . a few more ... itsjs love to keep things simple . if i could compress 50 sentences into 1 , i will . itsjs cant write narrative , at least for me this . what a brillant way to put whats meant to be , will be . '