' sometimes i wonder that too .. the reason being that infj's seem so absractly deep that even being one myself i don't understand them all the time ;D i was wondering .. your gf changes the curtains in your apartment and you wonder the next day has something changed . i only read this post of yours , but if i think this as an infj male i would have probably done the same as your boyfriend . in the same situation i would have thought that when i have this kind of ... reckful , if you just would be a woman and a beautiful one , i would nail you so hard now ; ) great post ! could you show some links about the subject etc ? hmm .. interesting , i need to think about this one . still i am 99 % sure that one of my closest friends is infp . others have done the test too , but i aren't so sure about them . what does sosionics say ... sounds great ;) has anyone else noticed this effect that infj's and infp's attract somehow each other ? i don't know should i worry but i already have 3 close infp friends . the other close ones are enfp's . am i ... i only have experience with one infp . i'm not so sure if she was enfp . the sex was sensual and the best i've ever had . i also had pretty strong sexual tension towards intp , but i'm not so sure if ... what mbti type you have had the best sexual chemistry and why you think it is so ? and yes .. i mean great , unbeleviable , mind blowing sex ; ) i've noticed that when i'm angry i blame people . the truth in the end is not that they did wrong and i feel bad thatfore . the truth is i fear that people abandon me and doesn't love me . i think this ... how have you developed your emotional intelligence ? how do you control your feelings ? how do you control long term feelings ? this video was pretty good .  ... so , i have this friend who hates personality typing and i love them ;) i wonder what type she is that i would better understand her . what i've noticed of her is that she has strong values and is ... haha :D im fairly nice ;) don't worry . hey you enfp girl ! yes , you ! i want to get to know you :) i don't really know much about enfp's so i would love to get to know to an enfp girl / s . i also wan't so see how we get along and what ... i just love you estp's , your so simple and straightforward which i envy sometimes :) what arises shall arise .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xsJFDidqO0 i met an intp girl . we liked each other a lot . then she signaled mistrust and i asked her why she seems distant . she got ... i was wondering what are the differences if male is intp and female is infj and vice versa . i think that male infj's might annoy intp woman more because they are clingy , emotional and unstable which ... god # & * # i need to learn how to use my tablet :P soz , this post this seems a major realization for me , because i haven't probably ever even tried to understand people who seems distant . even though i firmly believe that every person is ultimately good in hearth ... i need to think this through ... but wouldn't that explane the poor internal handling of feelings ? so they can't make fast interpretations of things that really needs the fi , like if someone says i ... i think that intp's emotion fi is so slow to react in the moment and the logic is always slower than emotion so the time is needed . what i've found out that intp's are really stubborn . they cannot be persuaded to do things . usually even small things might be too much , but when you give time to them they will and they really does ... i suspect that this has something to do with the appropriate challenge . intp's seem to have this vulnerable feeling inside which they only show when they trust someone with a special way and infj's ... yes we can . i can't see it a problem . to infj's it's all about who you are ultimately , not how you organize things . the straight forwardness to communicate appeals to me . but infj's must understand ... i see this subject that intp's can sense some sort of fake behavior in people . i think it is dislike among peoples who try to please . but i also see this as a growing point to intp's , because it's ... i'm dating intp and she says the same thing .. almost .. she says that she usually don't like compliments . but i am sincere and if i can , as i do , i but them into logical words , then compliments go ... as an infj this is a small step to relief ;) so did i get this right ; it's a turn on for intp's if someone is real ? so i was thinking what is the best things to have as intp in romantic relationships and what are the worst ? talking about beliefs wokes some thoughts about the subject . just the repetition won't make people believe anything . affirmations won't work just by themselfs . you truely need to find the route to ... yes , emotion is energy in motion . can't see why what i said rules this out . there's no way i can explane hearth . it can only be known internally . i've already read that . still not giving up my fluffy self-help books :) i have really good experiences of bibliotherapy in my life . as i see it emotions are thoughts . thoughts aren't accurate so our feelings aren't accurate . still , the hearth that is there is the receiver of what is best for us , ultimately trying to give us good ... my friend said something which resonated : heart is the source of positive feelings . still , feelings in their self aren't right . they need this unexplaneable thing called love to be right . and ... i just became aware of my strongest emotions that when i have them i believe them . smaller emotions don't bother and mainly i am stabile , like 90 % of time . in here , the forum , i may seem unstabile , ... i was wrong and i am so glad that i was ^ ^ what a relief to notice that my toughts are wrong :) not just with her , but my imagination ain't accurate . this is something which i will develope . i ... at the moment i fear that my intuition is right as it usually is . in fact i've even started to fear that it might be always right . it's crazy .. i dont want it . lähetetty minun gt-n 5110 laitteesta ... im starting to think the same way . this has been really frustrating to me . lähetetty minun gt-n 5110 laitteesta tapatalkilla ok , now my feelings started to do their things again or should i say my thoughts which arise from fear of rejection . 1 + 1 = she said shes afraid of her ex and might not call me today because this day ... yes , she was upset about another person who harrashed her . she didn't say it to me because feared that i might think that she gots feelings for this dude . it was her ex . i saw it from her distance in ... soz , double post .. i've noticed that answering to my questions seems to be really hard for her . or not hard , she just says plain and simple answers . i can see things before she can . i can read between the lines and am ... in fact i did what you are suggesting today :) and yes , you are right , it worked like a charm :) yes , thank you a lot :) very helpful . i noticed that this isn't about my f but this is because of my low self-esteem which popped it's head up when my feelings came for her . this was a automatic way ... i have this new born relationship with intp where i've needed more validation than she could give . i now realize this is my problem , because i'm really fast of making decisions based on my ... i have this new born relationship with intp where i've needed more validation than she could give . i now realize this is my problem , because i'm really fast of making decisions based on my feelings ... i think myself as highly accepting person , but sometimes i tend to become fanatic for the higher good . i think i have the ability to see in narrow line where some things go , but sometimes i forget ... '