' dear extroverts , i'm sorry silence is awkward for you , but it is not an excuse to verbally rape my silent contemplation . dear extroverts , i'm sorry silence is awkward for you , but it is not an excuse to verbally rape my silent contemplation . thank you orangeappled , i agree good boundaries are very important . unfortunately the nature of my work for the then next few years is such that it is not an issue of boundaries but rather it is the ... hi , i'm wondering if any infp cousins have undergone neurocognitive testing and what your experience might have been with it . it was recommended to me in order to be directed to training strategies ... anyone ... ? iaokim care to offer any insight into the experience and possible benefits ? have any intps here undergone neurocognitive testing ? what did you gain from the experience ? it has been suggested to me , for the purpose of finding strategies to improve my job performance based on ... drinking alone ( single malt scotch ) --> how introverts celebrate match day : finding out where i will turn into a real doctor ! ! ! i cried very easily as a kid , i hated it . i got picked on and would crie which only made me a more entertaining target and earned an additional tag as a cry baby . as an adult i most often cry when i ... heh , sorry , i know what you mean . ok , then what would you wish to talk in depth about with someone if the person existed who would be able , willing , and eager to engage you ? hello intjs what was the last really interesting conversation you had ? i have yet to write my personal statement for psychiatry residency application . i asked a resident for tips today and he said to write something that stands out . ok ... that sounds obvious ... but what ... i use sleep deprivation as a drug sometimes . a lot actually . med school is day after day of 90 % pointless crap that i have to go through to achieve my validated intellectual elite status and become a ... nurses are , maybe more than any other humans , an alien species to me . the way they greet every person they see as if they are family , the way they feel you up every time they pass by ( in a sort of ... hello entjs , you guys are my heroes in a lot of circumstances . you cut to the chase and get things done and there just isn't any room or reason to question it . it seems almost like there is a ... i'm reading this as if , for example , there was a subgroup of intps who said that their intp infallible logic led them to the conclusion that , say , people with a long 4th toe were less evolved humans ... = how i got into personality typing . now have literally a small library on it and the person who inspired me has no idea what i'm talking about any more . how to troll an infp : option 1 : assert boundaries --> watch head explode . example : politely refuse to answer when they pry about something personal that is none of their business . infp : want to ... intp and i wish i had more opportunity to travel . i spent 6 weeks backpacking in central america , it was one of the most challenging and rewarding things i've done . i loved experiencing the ... my istp roomie put the water dispenser in the fridge backwards ... really ? istp ? maybe i'm rubbing off on her in bad ways =/ so much of my medical school education has been very non-ideal from an intp perspective . i analyze the crap out of why it doesn't work well for me , what would work better , why i don't have time to do ... i put istp because that is what i have now and it's great . we have an ixtp understanding that works out very well but i like her sense of adventure , keeps me trying new experiences like pole dancing ... kilgore trout that is a great analysis of the issues of room mate compatibility in general . i used to be really bad about boundaries , but that is something i have learned to be assertive with for ... ideal for me is no roomies , but given a med student budget you have to do what you have to do . i've had success this past round with an istp , it's the first time that having a female room mate ... what if it is growing because you forgot to use a sterile container ? seriously though , i'm cringing at that story because i could see that happening to me at one point . i thought science would ... ths piqued my curiosity , i'd never heard of hsp before . i found that i tested to be an hsp , and i also found a list is famous hsps which included jung , einstein , darwin , and eddision , whom are all ... as a med student , my biggest downfall at the moment is freehand progress notes ( linear organization of thoughts and formatting ) also ... reasoning / debating / snarking out loud on the spot ( much better ... the question is : why do you want to know if your partner is depressed ? to fix it ? to get him to talk about his feelings ? i'm not saying you shouldn't care what he is feeling , but don't hang your own ... wait : the art and science of delay : frank partnoy : 9781610390 040 : amazon.com : books the person who wrote this book is my eternal hero thanks for the replies re intp writing styles . i'd kind of like to see samples if anyone cares to upload . someone here mentioned a print / cursive hybrid , which was also mentioned in the linked ... i stumbled on this disparaging thread of comments regarding penmanship , i found it fascinating ( in a train wreck kind of way ) to see the sj mob devour this topic and the critical moral importance ... just noticed i'm at 299 so i am compelled to hit the big 300 , but i feel a little lapse of intellectual integrity posting something utterly devoid of depth of meaning just to hit a number . oh well . ^ definition of intp crush i agree with everything in this thread . but i keep my packratting under control . my mother was a true hoarder and i get horrible nasty flashback feelings when things get too cluttered to the point ... i don't follow news / politics / economics / current events at all . but i love that my enfp bf constantly gives me all the gossip about our ( ok his ; mine vicariously through him ) social circles . i like ... i know my man is such an enfp when he said i'm resentful that [ our out of town friend ] didn't have a magical experience . cracked me up : laughing : i get so frustrated and have a little breakdown / conniption fit when i can't understand something that everyone else just takes for granted . when my damn mind has to keep asking that sometimes dreaded ... iamtp we live for derailing : cool : glad i didn't post my typing of the final five =) i assumed everyone here who would be interested had watched it through as far as being infp-like i don't ... i actually had an am i a cylon ? moment a few days ago ! it was immediately following a moment when i was sort of meta typing myself and thought some of my behaviors were kind of infp . my mind went ... fwiw i do enjoy a sexy night out clubbing with the gals a few times a year , and toying with the dumb frat boys from time to time . it is a nice litmus test . if a man can actually get me intrigued ... rain is one of the most beautiful things to me , along with the other elements and forces of nature . here's something i wrote to a lover on a rainy evening : my face is all wet right now . my shirt ... i guess i should answer my own question too : i met my significant other when he presented a workshop i attended on certain japanese historical / cultural practices i've been interested in . we ... deleted xxx med school study cave , with cameo of my henchman ( or hench-feline ) , jezebel , in the lower right corner 38728 and just because the proof is in the purple - my bedroom : 38730 purple is indeed ... alright , so the perfect way to meet intps is to start a fight club inside the hadron collider . i like it . inspired by the where do you find intp girls thread , and all the talk of what antisocial hermits intps can be , i got curious about how intps do connect with people . whether it is your significant ... in lecture halls ix92ll be the one with the largest radius of empty seats around me , a wake of wrappers and odds and ends spread out haphazardly across the desk space , and an expression of deep ... my enfp watches good day la because it exemplifies all that is wrong with la , and i have to watch it to learn about my environment . this tickled me and was so enfp that i had to share it here . my enfp says he loves vegetables so much he can't bear to eat them ( that is his excuse lol ) . if your humor ends up frequently being interpreted as insulting to people you consider friends , and if you value their friendship more than your desire to be sarcastic , then from a practical ... '