' damn . i don't feel too good . actually , let me reformulate : i feel terrible . that's a drawing i made the other day in the subway : 612522 oh well o / loneliness is probably the worst feeling ... aw . maybe because regardless , it might hurt someone's feelings ? well , we often fail to realize what will make us happy . fame , money ... those are things we often seek , yet it isn't where true happiness is . you're sweet . <3 i miss having faith in humankind . at times i hang around the interwebs and discuss with some people ( usually guys ) . then we meet up irl ... and then , they just lose interest . be it a ' friend ' , a boyfriend ( happened once ) or friend ... i can relate to this way too much today . :( life sucks sometimes , i gotta agree * hugs * when i feel sad , i think and read about humans . and then i get sadder . obviously not a terrific strategy . damnit , me . stop be in your introverted-sad phase , that's been 23 years and it's about ... here it goes again : depression . i've read books about this before ; and i experienced this before , too . so . i know the way to go . i know there's only one way out of the tunnel . the truth is , ... i kinda miss posting here . <3 just took this photo this evening . i don't even like it , but heeey . what a better way to overcome my perfectionism ? the more i learn about psychology and human nature , the more i enjoy working with computers . oh , hi . it's been a long time . mutism , anxiety and laughs . i have very few certainties about myself . but i know this : i want to build things . useful , useless , beautiful , meaningful , random things . that's about the best way i've found to express myself . i feel constantly pretty sad those days . i need to get myself back up . i need to stop overthinking over matters that only generates sadness and confusion , and get better . i need to stop saying i ... haha , right ! life's a bitch and tyrion is great . words of wisdom here , sir . partly seasonal , partly not . it's kind of ... life makes me anxious , and anxiety makes me depressed . so that's like , hey , it's a trap . yeah , i know that trick ! ... yet , it doesn't make it easy to ... it's cold . the more i try to get out of this neverending winter , the more it seems that i'm never getting out . i struggle to help myself ; yet i know it's the only way to get myself out of this ... sadness fills me in . social interactions are exhausting to me those days . pretending to be normal is tiresome in the long run . i also suck at being a good daughter taking care of her sick mother . i'm in a very ... hahaha . ha . i've done that a few times , but those days i've just spent increasingly less time here . so i'm not as curious . strangely , doing that online doesn't feel too stalker-ish for me . doing ... maybe it's time to follow my own advice and begin to voice myself more . be more honest , and more transparent . admit my own shortcomings ; and say that it's okay . and whether it's okay or not ... i didn't either . i agree ; that's why even ( / / especially ) dreamers need pragmatism . i'd delete them directly from the subconscious . incorporating new elements into the existing memories would be a better and safer way . i wasn't trying to be practical here though . they are just ... most people don't understand social anxiety . i don't think they care either , anyway . that's what - may - happen when you internalize bad experiences . well , figured that if i had access to the ... ^ thismustbetheplace i have to second everybody else . we never actually talked directly much but i really enjoyed reading your posts . they're relatable , and so are you . you'd be missed if you go . jogging outside can be great cardio too . :) just answered anonymously to a question how can people fall in love with someone over the internet , through text , when they haven't seen each other both physically and through camera ? on quora . ... i used to have a lot of silly beliefs . or really , lies i enjoyed to believe . i thought that everybody meant every word they said . that promises were so important that nobody would ever even ... aw . thank you very much . i'll check it out for sure . :) i will rewire my brain . i will create new thoughts processes to break free from my anxiety . i don't care how long it is going to take ; it will happen . the human mind is insanely powerful and ... for christmas , i will ask for soft plushies . i miss having loads of plushies around me while sleeping ; and i don't care how childlike that seems . plushies are awesome . do you hate promises ang long-term commitment too ? is there any exception ? i wish people could be more bluntly honest . politeness and hypocrisy are all too often mixed up ; but please . manners doesn't keep you from telling what you think . cowardice does . dickjenkins * hug * ^ _ ^ just turned 22 today . today have been a good day . ♥ it's been a while . you're all lovely . ^ _ ^ that's the really cool thing about being in a relationship with someone . always having someone to hold close , to tell you hep . it's gonna be fine . i don't want to let my anxiety and fears have ... i wanna smile today . not a little ; a lot . so will i . dear me , you need to stop being afraid of letting words get out . mutism doesn't protect you ; it isolates you . isolation may keep you from getting hurt , but it also deprives you from joy and ... what i miss is simple . i miss the person i allowed myself to be when i was with you - the simplicity of things , the joy we could literally find everywhere . smile-striggering events were all around ... you have something against t types ? : o nobody should be discriminated against for snuggles . * snuggles * spot on , i actually lied . i got 51 % for f side . i miss being loved . banned because pseudo with number . i'm really not sure i'm an infp . i scored 50/50 on feeling vs thinking lately . people both introvert and extrovert are called ambivert ; what's the equivalent for that ? i found that as i have ... i thought i was the only one . * hug * http://1.1.1.5/bmi/41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdlmbdSkg71ri465ro1_500.jpg '