' you rang , yes , hello , i am a feeling atheist . catholic school taught me how to hate and question religion . somehow , be bullied directly after religion class makes jesus lose his luster . i'm ... what do you mean women are sentient creatures with the ability to want to have relationships with people other than you ? also , i personally , really , really hate it when people like me for my ... i'm quite partial to the red mango brand of frozen yogurt . i like the peach flavor , the regular vanilla and the little mochi bits you can put on top . sometimes my friend and i get it as a reward ... oh man . you guys caught me . i am such a giant , needy , attention craving whore . in fact , i think we should generalize everyone around here based on that idea ! i'm a whore , you're a whore , we're ... i don't think that much about my decisions before i act . which has led to a lot of sticky situations and accidentally offensive conversations . eloise hisses into the night over a dead horse she found on the side of the road . it appears to have been brought to an end by people brandishing sticks . u200b ( this has been a post ) clementine , leanne , noreen , anything on the planet except for my name , which too many other people have and makes me feel 300 % less unique than i actually am . i am blue , lavender , and abstract tan . i have to say , while fun and all , some of the things said didn't match up or contradicted each other ( not that i was expecting to have a life changing moment . ) ... scary . so what does the tooth fairy actually do with all the teeth . i'm not buying any of the ' builds a castle ' crap . i'm doing okay , i guess . i think i feel worse than i should be allowed to feel ? i ... i usually angry cry until it all becomes clear . while this came out of the mouth of an entj , i still think it's fairly amusing : crying ? i don't know about that , but one time , i ate really spicy buffalo wings and i teared up a little . people are great when they have emotions and smile at you and you make apocalypse plans and they say , even if you'd be really hard to keep alive , i wouldn't let the zombies eat you . it's even ... my name is eloise ( on the internet ! ) and i am pretty young or pretty old , depending on your perspective . i sing , i swim . i enjoy solitude , but i get lonely sometimes . i come off as either very shy or ... http://cache2.asset-cache.net/xt/200199547-005.jpg?v=1&g=fs1|0|TSIP|95|475&s=1 the one on the left is you , the one on the right is me . i feel you , okay . dear anonymous , hdblfdhkbsa ; igfshjdakl ; asdfgnjaskbdfscajldfjbsjsdkffgsjfbhdsdknv asdfjkl ; eloise i'm right in the middle of all the testing shenanigans . but really , i identify as eloise . i love being around people i love , i love going places with them , i feel giddy and complete around good ... update that no one cares about : i'm writing about a space courier named noreen brave . she is not really brave . she has overdyed hair . it's about her shenanigans and being bad with ... attraction tends to hit me in the face like a sack of unfriendly bricks . we'll be friends for a while , talk and whatever , joke and whatever , go places , i'll try and drag you on adventures . then ... step one : draw a circle ( preferably in chalk ) step two : fill said circle with satanic looking marks step three : chant the first paragraph of a catcher in the rye step four : ? ? ? step ... dear anonymous , i had a dream about you last night . now i hope that middle school myth is true ; when you have a dream of someone , they went to sleep thinking of you . eloise dear other ... i'm a big fan of rpgs and running around doing your own thing and being escapist . i am really weird about personal space . i have a set of rules that exist in my head and i get really uncomfortable if they're broken . 1 ) it's okay for me to hug somebody ! 2 ) it's not okay for ... i seriously thought that limes and lemons were the same fruit , and that lemons were just more ripe . we could be married 20 + years and i'd still be wondering if you just liked me as a friend . i write short stories and lame poems , mostly . i feel like if i sat down to write an extended novel , it would cover too many topics or become disorganised ... or most likely , i'd never finish it . ... i am consumed by energy i want to run around i want to explore the world i am restless ( also , this thread . its existence is so ... yesss ) dear anonymous , not sure if i actually enjoy your presence , or if i enjoy the attention . let me get it sorted before dragging me into the romance zone . eloise betrayal is a big one ! choosing other people over me , repeatedly . i don't say that to sound clingy , but if we've made plans , i expect you to follow through instead of coming up with a shoddy ... i am shamefully hotheaded . i'd punch her out . i'm sorry to say i've done it before . addressing the question as it was asked , though : i'm sort of a feminist ? i'm all for equal opportunity ... falling into love way too fast and falling out way too slowly . also , my inherent laziness . p . s . my tendency to retreat into my brain frozen yoghurt c : awww yisss . with little mochi bits on top . i always forget that not everyone can be fixed or changed or saved . if i remembered more often , i wouldn't have been stuck in most of the bad situations in my life . and then , when your plans ... i imagine my rigid use of grammar and big words over the internet sort of makes me appear as a stuck-up intellectual . truth is , i am one . just with a lot of facial expressions , bouncing , speaking ... dear anonymous , what on earth did i do to deserve the bombastic barrage of hatred and snide comments ? i just met you two weeks ago , and we haven't exchanged over five words . it seems you can't ... without making this too drawn out , how do my fellow enfp mourn and deal with grief ? all opinions , stories , and advice are more than welcome . 1 . citrus-flavored anything ( ice cream , cough drops , candies ... ) 2 . rainstorms without the thunder 3 . color theory 4 . art ( when it's not too frustrating ) 5 . reading and re-reading and ... you're welcome . * hair toss * violence and revenge is only okay when i'm the one perpetrating it . imho marijuana should be legalized , just because of the practical benefits we've all heard before ( less prisoners , medical use , etc . ) oddly enough , i've been around when people have smoked , have ... my grudge holding is mostly reserved for those who leave the wound festering . if you come up to me and apologize , and we work it out , it's all good . for me , things will never really be the same if ... first off , enfps are sort of master grudge holders ( at least i am ! ) i sort of feel sick to my stomach and angry whenever i see people i've fallen out with , been betrayed by , what have you . i ... condescension ! augh , just thinking about it makes me want to throw punches . people who think they're really great / talented / amazing but really aren't ? whining ! ! ( unless i'm the one doing it ) ... * sigh * friendship : really friendly , cheerful , interesting in your life / job / whatever , big smiles and making sure to spend time with you flirting : smiling like an idiot , stumbling over words , wanting to ... in elementary school , and surprisingly , preschool , i was bullied really harshly . i think it was more of me not fitting into a mold , not being really athletic , sociable , or all that interested in ... okay this is a really good nf movie , imho . the best exotic marigold hotel just do it . skedaddle yourselves to the nearest online sort-of-illegal hoster . i tend to over analyze and plan for the wort case scenario no matter what ... it's gotten out of hand more than once . the worst is when i jump to a crazy conclusion because of my nonsensical ... sophie's world : a novel on the history of philosophy by jostein gaarder anything written by john green several paris memoirs the collected poems of sylvia plath you get so alone at times ... oh no no nooo ! ! ! i'm not wearing waterproof mascara ! ! ! why did i ever click on this thread , nooo ... '