' looks like you answered your own question many times throughout your post . you need to relieve yourself of the pressure to follow a path that doesn't match your interests and who you are . that's ... wildblue : thanks so much girl ! that was awesome information , i seriously appreciate it ! ! ! * book-marking this * i love that you found the right planner for you ... i am definitely going to start ... thanks so much girl ! that was awesome information , i seriously appreciate it ! ! ! * book-marking this * i love that you found the right planner for you ... i am definitely going to start there . i ... wow sounds like you've got it all figured out ! i picked up covey's 7 habits and am already a few chapters deep ... thanks so much ! what kind of diet do other infjs have ? a there certain dishes you love and others you can't stand i stick to whole foods as much as i can . i love meats and also fruits and veggies . learned early ... i'll be breaking the mold a little here : http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/originals/a7/77/4a/a7774af66341952a57f395e9159ab7ef.jpg yea but not to those who are just like you :) i know the title of the post makes some of us curdle , but i really need some advice here from fellow infj's or others ! i need to overhaul my life time management abilities . or lack there of . i'm ... your scores indicate you have innovator / merchant tendencies . when you enter a room there is more wisdom and love energy suddenly in that room . you are the presence of loving wisdom . this is your ... i know the title of the post makes some of us curdle , but i really need some advice here from fellow infj's or others ! i need to overhaul my life time management abilities . or lack there of . i'm ... don't hold back ! unleash away ! show your true self always ! :) i think it definitely just takes time . vulnerability is natural and just take it in stride . however , always be honest and open with this person about your feelings . because if you are not , you ... first off , a big pat on the back for supporting your family and putting them first and making it through these rough economic times . also , a second pat on the back for facing your difficulties and ... i work in fashion retail sales and styling i used to work in a cubicle and almost lost a few marbles :) i've found that work i enjoy involves people . my life be like ooo ahhh sorry were just so sexy : kitteh : here is the conversation : her : my parents don't feel comfortable paying $ 750 for that room you : it's no problem at all and i totally understand . you can take the other room , it will be like ... haha so true . how about i just make a choice ( because that also seems to be a weakness ) and go with hubbard inn . goats , pigs , turtles ... what's up with these animal restaurants chi-town ? : tongue : i am fine with any of these options except maybe millenium park since the weather here is ... well you know ... i am in the west loop ! this was awesome . what a great exercise . suggested order to consider your words : 1 . female - my giant : progression : driving forces , creative impulses , or features that carry my forward 2 ... yes i agree ! shall we do hopleaf ? edit : so i just mapped this out and it is quite the trek for me ... perhaps maybe something more central ... i am a newbie to the area do you have any other ... infj's are perfectionists which can be a cause . personally , my self-confidence ebbs and flows a lot and depends on many factors . depending on a certain situation in my life , or how i am feeling , ... life should have a live soundtrack but what was normal in the evening by the morning seems insane you're words are very well put . i'll just say ditto to all of that ^ secondly , i control myself a lot . i almost always think before i feel or speak , and sometimes i wonder if this comes off ... oops it posted twice hehe enjoy yourself ! ! ! personally , i usually keep the sound off cause i can't stand all that bad acting : laughing : yes ! ricky fitts was the first person that popped into my mind , video's a poor excuse , i know . but it helps me remember ... i need to remember ... sometimes there's so much beauty in the world , i ... yea , it's there . if you met me you probably wouldn't know , but only the closest people i know are aware of it ;) hmm my dark side ... well there's the side that questions reality and is quite ... you know you're not an infj if u never catch urself rambling ... again ... you know you're not an infj when your always immersed in all situations and oblivious to others around you you know ... wow this is great ! i just moved to the area a few weeks ago . i can look into a meetup gig if we are all interested ? or perhaps we can plan something small off here first . it would be awesome to ... i am here ! i was thinking of creating a start up ... infj here , and i can also be loud at times . infj's can sometimes be confused for being extroverts . i think this is a great thread , and came at just the right time for me ! my answers may not be of much help since i am in that limbo stage ... : frustrating : what do you do for a living ? technically ... i think this is one of the biggest realizations i have come to understand over the last couple of years . i always felt an internal tug between two halves ... i think it is a very defining quality ... : kitteh : these answers are really well put ! flash back to my life in corporate america , how many times during a meeting i felt compelled to burst out laughing since everything being discussed was ... i can't stop loling . the second i saw this thread i said to myself the lion king ! it's just way too sad , how do kids handle it ! ? you're not an infj if you get off a train and can't say one thing about any other passengers cause you weren't paying attention . i would think magical things would happen ... i'd open up books in the dark expecting beams of light to shoot out . sit in the backyard like a princess fairy in her woods create nooks in ... i said making life more complicated , since that is true . however , i wouldn't change for the world : crazy : 93746 adding to the sea of blue eyes on this thread ... sry for the quality : happy : you know you're an infj when you find yourself drifting off into analysis land analyzing the body language of the person you are talking to instead of listening to the words coming out of their ... i learned quickly that sad music well ... just makes me sad as i get lost in the melodies or tone in the song , so i try to avoid that unless i'm using it specifically for a good cry sesh . on the ... hello you lovely people ! * name - what do you preferred to be called ? you can call me al ( ... a man walks down the street ) . allison is fine :) * male / female / trans ? location - born in the us , ... '