no no no . in addition to everything thats already been said ; you will be consciously anxious and suspicious about him . every time he gets a text you will feel a pang of jealousy . every time he's ... all in good humor , to add to what others posted , the man who plays borat ( sacha baron cohen ) is a jew . it's fine with me if it becomes possible , i just cant see how ( almost ) anyone would want to do it . i'm a very impulsive person but i'm also very indecisive , i don't know what i want but i know that i want it now . - dylan moran know the four enfj death hugs enfjs recognize four styles of death hugging : the bear , the octopus , the limpet , and the deadly anaconda . although few have observed these huggalan rites ( and fewer ... imprecise speech is only a problem when the word is mistaken for the thing it is relating to . for example the word pen is not a pen . laimah can you please elaborate on your specific problem ? i've been living with sonder for and for me it's absolutely wonderful to experience , though this is the first time i've discovered its ... weeks / months , though i imagine i'd have to go out to get food or something at some point . that is a worryingly tempting offer : shocked : compassion isn't an energy that can be used up , so long as there is understanding of the troubles the person has you can give help . i would go so far as to say that giving help isn't a choice ; you ... im glad we understand each other . the purpose of practicing a hobby you enjoy is nothing but pure pleasure , without the sense of achieving something . if i was to take for example martial arts and ... awh , spiders are huggable http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/23972541.jpg cher_to_the_z i've tried over and over again to keep a journal but can never get past 2 or 3 entries before scrapping the idea . kevinlivecomau procrastination is an infp's greatest failing , give us ... favourite film genres are comedy and fantasy , strangely i find science fiction films very hard to get through . thrillers are enjoyable at times too-djamgo unchained was incredible . watching films ... i pushed an infj a little too far once ... thats a pretty demonic experience i found this link on a thread here the other day , ive not decided if i agree with it yet but maybe some of you will find it useful . young people are screwed … here anyway im 19 and living in the ... i fell deeply in love with a beautiful girl when i was 14 . a friend introduced us , i don't know ' how ' . i wasn't even vaguely aware that something like that could happen . id quite like to fall from a high place at around 35 years old , and i should like to be stuffed . the books im reading right now ... lets see quiet - susan cain mind without measure - j.krishnamurti confessions of st augustine bedding down - rachel kramer bussel critique of pure reason - ... shakti i think you've made an important point here , though maybe your looking at it in slightly the wrong way . consider that intuitiveness and sensing are inborn traits that we are stuck with , ... im certain there is a connection between the unrealistic ideas intuitives have and depression . don't worry about ' losing ' your n-ness , we are all prone to changes in our perception and personality . ... ive never been able to bite my fingernails ... they're just too chewy , when im nervous i'll chew on my bottom lip and twitch my feet and legs hela why is this in the entp board ? you weren't in the infp board . what do you think of trolling ? i enjoy reading internet arguments and trolling , but i dislike being part of them . what's ... i think its usual for everyone to need time to themselves , but the difference with introverts is the more time we spend on our own the more we want to be alone : tongue : maybe this picture describes ... this music video has always reminded me of infj's , tell me what you guys think of it ? <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSkb0kDacjs&list=SPC0835C8E3B09B6AF&index=1 azn hippie have you read the peaceful warrior books ? theres so much more to that story than was in the film . i've not found many things i'd call inspirational to me , i don't have the attitude ... i admire you guys ' ability to do stuff all day , it looks exhausting . i feel overwhelmed if i have to do more than one thing in my day , getting up and sitting down in the same afternoon ... argh just ... argh internet rage arguments ! reminds me of youtube comments ... how long til someone gets compared to hitler or the nazis ... ? seems infp male entj female pairing can only work in theory ... or ... awh thats a really sweet story , i can really relate to her , coming up with ideas is easy and fun but im almost completely incapable of making the decision . she also probably wants you to choose so ... psychology , fantasy and autobiographies . i find it difficult to finish books though , i have around 7 books im reading atm . the answer would be the same for all types , tell them to fuck off . buut a more typical infp method is to run away . have compassion for yourself , then you can begin to have compassion for others . it isn't a belief its an understanding . ooh compliments <3 : laughing : ehhh sexy preciousss http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73jmPMu9n30 let dance gollum style : crazy :: crazy : ahahahaha thats wonderful : laughing : id like to add : do not store in temperatures over 3000 ° c . prolonged use will result in death by immortal cloaked beings . i love the idea of being a ring bearer and taking it to mordor , but , i'd have to have assistance ( probably from an infj ) . if i was on my own id probably get distracted and live in solitude under a ... that may not work out so well . the great eagles are considered to be maiar ( the same ' race ' as gandalf , saruman , the balrog and sauron ect ) these beings are all susceptible to the power of the ring ... easy task for an infp :) we're more scared of having power than anything . though becoming invisible is a very tempting ability . sweatshop union - the thing about it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKM9odw4P6U intriguing ... you would make an excellent seducer coconut i've always loved the idea of keeping a journal , mostly for self improvement and personal ' discoveries ' . i have tried starting a journal many times , i believe i've bought 3 leather bound journals , ... i honestly wouldn't wanna travel , can i stay home and read some books ? middle earth would be wonderful though i have a enfj and infj that i hold close to my heart . however im sure if i could get them to calm down and chat with me i could develop an intimate friendship with any type . esfp : o also i found out a great deal about my face :D all in twilight i suspicious of your motives for these polls ... i hope its not some sneaky plot to harvest infps : o i don't fart in lifts hmm not so much , i did have a period of about 6 months where i wasi was obsessed with technology . i was building my first computer , and trying to find the right components to duo boot as a ... jenny - infj you are wonderful , just wonderful nicole - enfp you bring the best in me oli - esfj you'd do anything for me i had a 21st december end of the world dream :P it was weird though , we were on a sort of holiday and there was a huge boat ( pirate ship ) that was in some sort of lock ( narrowboat lock ) . but there ... 1 : 5/6 though hard to say as it varies from 1-10 almost daily : s 2 : 7 i need good social skills so i can chat to enfps :D :D 3 : 8 verry lazy , ima sit around all day 4 : 9 links to question ...