' actually , there are a few movies and shows that i enjoy more than their sources , lord of the rings being one of them . i always found tokien's writing to be overly descriptive and bogged down with too ... i've never read the books . not even one page ... and i shouldn't have to . if the book is the same as the movie and they just copied it , then i would say that the deathly hallows book sucks too . but i ... the tone in my reviews is meant to be sarcastic and humorous . it's not meant to be taken as an assault on the movie tastes of others . it just would have made more sense if they decided at the end ... i'm not assuming the rest of the world has gone mad . everyone is entitled to like or dislike whatever they want , i just said i don't get it . ususally , when i see a lot of people like a movie , it ... how anyone could consider this film masterfully crafted with all it's enormous plot holes is beyond me . it honestly shocks me that it got such raving reviews from all the critics . i guess they let ... if you had read the whole review , i made the point that regardless of what the movie is based on , it's a movie ! whether it explains the plot more in the books or not , when you make a movie , the ... questions ? comments ? snide remarks ? anything ? here is a link to my review of harry potter and the deathly hallows ( parts 1 and 2 ) on facebook . i have not read the books . this is a review of the movie only : warning : major spoilers ahead ... thanks ! good to be back ! lol thanks . before this one , i don't think i had posted anything since february . hello again , everyone ! decided to return to the forum after a long absence . i got really busy with work , so i was away for a while . you may see some more activity from me now , unemployed as i am ... i get along great with everyone in my family and i always like to visit with them . love being an enfj ! wouldn't want it any other way ! : happy : : shocked : i take exception to that comment . enfjs aren't into casual flings and won't usually have them at all . we take our relationships seriously . if you had this experience , the guy must not ... 1 ) what do you like most about being an enfj ? i like my ability to talk to anyone easily and cheer people up . i also like the feeling that helping others gives me . 2 ) whats your favorite ... i must say i do not like the signatures centered without a choice . i think we should be able to center our own if we want , but i like mine aligned on the left . edit : never mind , i figured out that ... hopeless romantic . : happy : another enfj ! good to have you here ! : happy : as an enfj , i'm very happy with my work . i'm the manager at a group home for developmentally disabled children . it's a perfect fit for me . while i don't do it as a career right now , i have been a musician for most of my life . i sing and i play the guitar . i write songs . i also write stories very well . a friend of mine who is also an ... yeah , i'm the same way . if i can't picture myself with her , i don't get into the relationship . in the same vain , i'm not into casual relationships . when i'm with someone , i want a real relationship ... welcome , rosalie 7 ! glad to have you here ! : happy : in all seriousness , i really don't have any problem forming opinions . i find i have very strong opinions on most issues and i'm very decisive on them . i'd have to say my biggest problem is feeling like people don't value me as much as i value them , and sometimes that hurts . i sometimes feel unappreciated for my kindness as well . yeah , some people find me weird , but definitely in a good way ! : happy : no . absolutely not ... wait ... yes . : wink : i'm very extroverted , and she's a borderline . definitely not trying to talk myself out of it . i'm just interested in everyone's thoughts , since this is a personality type forum . as a matter of ... what does everyone think about two enfjs dating each other ? anyone had experience with this ? i'm asking because this girl i'm very interested in is an enfj , although she is less extroverted than i ... i actually get along best with enfps and other enfjs . we just relate better . i'm not indecisive at all . i haven't read the books , but the films are god-awful . why , thank you . perhaps i should add that to the list . : wink : well , here i go : 1 . i'm warm and full of empathy for others . i always know what someone is feeling and i get powerful vibes from people . 2 . i'm the most loyal friend or significant other a person ... welcome ! my brother and my best friend are both infjs . thanks for the warm welcome , everyone ! : happy : i've been singing for most of my life , but i picked up the guitar about 10 years ago when i was a freshman in high school and taught myself , and i've been playing ever since . music is a passion of ... yes , and i suppose that could be a problem sometimes . if i truly did my best at something and the person was outwardly disappointed , inwardly i might feel a bit wounded since i do take pride ... hmmm , good question . i'd love to answer , but can you think of a more specific scenario ? just wanted to say hello ! my real name is matthew , by the way . i'm an enfj and an enneagram type 2 with a 3 wing . i'll be 25 this year , and i'm a consultant in the construction industry . glad ... '