' so you could speak up , if you feel your lack of passion for the project will adversely affect the quality of the film . on the other hand , you may see it as a challenge to produce ... i suppose if you're my boss , a cop , or my parents , i may be intimidated by you . other than that , i don't really intimidate easily . entp 5w6 - 8w7 - 4w5 so / sx 717433 usually , i'd just say go here copy the questions into a new post and then post them , but you said you can't do that ? that's going to make it hard to help you . kasperd welcome ! you're not alone ! i had a terrible time in school . i was bored . i could out read most of my class , i just didn't want to read what the school wanted me to read . i didn't want ... sixes are indecisive . lol ! 5w6 - 8w7 - 4w5 so / sx 89 % entp 3 % enfp 3 % intp history teaches us that as long as there's a demand , there will be a supply . prohibition creates more problems than it creates , however , the current status-quo in the u . s . creates such a huge profit ... considering cognitive development continues into a person's 20 ' s , plus we're still getting to know ourselves well into the whole rest of our lives , i'm going to go out on a limb and say : yep . : tongue : just don't let ' em squeeze your lemons i guess i just like being hands-on when it comes to some things . i'm beginning to become old and stubborn . i'm sure the times will force me to change eventually . some groceries need to be inspected before purchase . for pre-packaged food , it might work , but for fresh food ? what happens if you get something and it's bruised , or rotten ? and yet , i'm an extrovert . perhaps because my dominant instinctual subtype happens to be so ? five-wing-four the visionary five-wing-fours , whom i call visionaries , are introverted , cerebral personalities who enjoy learning , theorizing , and innovating . they are often artistic , ... been there , done that . let's go pens ! 713970 pittsburgh penguins , back-to-back stanley cup champions ! maryland , usa , but i've traveled extensively . you're pretty far north in italy . i bet it is beautiful ! i'd love to visit there . anyway , you kind of like entps and clearly want to get closer to one in particular , but for some reason , you're unable to do so ? is that what i'm getting ? none of the standard ... i'm of the opinion that we're born amoral , neither good nor evil . whether we become wholly one or the other ( or more one than the other ) is entirely a matter of experience , environment , guidance , and ... goodcat welcome ! as an honorary intj , let me say it is great to have you among us ! where and italy are you from ? i came on and found my avatar ( and those of many others ) missing with a broken pic icon in it's place . i quickly uploaded the pic and replaced it , but i wonder if this is part of a larger problem ... bs in secondary education communications with a minor in theatre arts ms in computer information systems oh , hell . i wasn't diagnosed until i was 27 and in grad school ( adhd combined type and clinical depression ) . i was typed as entp about the same time . i had already managed to survive ( barely ) high ... tbh , i don't . show me a person . let me spend some time getting to know them on an interpersonal level . ask me what i think of them . i'll tell you . i don't recognize a label . he's probably holding you at an arm's length because he feels like his plate is full . it's the simplest explanations that tend to be the correct one . he's afraid of being overwhelmed , he's got kids ... well , as an entp with adhd ... how do i know what's what ? adhd is a series of symptoms . entp is a systemic analysis of my preferred cognitive functions . you take the adhd symptoms away and the ... to be honest , i wouldn't think about it . i probably wouldn't notice i had done it . it most likely wouldn't have been intentional . i overlooked so many opportunities with women when i was a ... can't do anything about chaos . it's there . so just go about making your own sort of order out of it . just don't do it the way everyone else does . find your own path . very existential . find your own ... any entp who says they care about iq is probably not an entp , imho . i tend to think the type is highly over-represented . we don't give a rat's ass what others think about our abilities . a number ... i would say : infinite diversity in infinite combination ( idic ) . the meaning of life may be a sick joke , but i'll always strive to find a way to make it better than the way i found it . some ... i would say : infinite diversity in infinite combination ( idic ) . the meaning of life may be a sick joke , but i'll always strive to find a way to make it better than the way i found it . some ... no , i don't think instinctual subtype plays into this at all . instinctual subtypes are survival traits . from friends : chandler bing - entp and phobic soc / sp 6w7 i realize that tv sitcom characters are not fully 3 - dimensional , but they are a basis from which to start from . chandler is clever , he's ... they're the hardest working indecisive people you'll ever meet . they want to know you are trustworthy and they'll regularly test you on that . if you pass , you'll find you've got a solid ally anytime ... forks paragraphs , please ? thanks . violet is super rare , but it does exist ... sorta . that explains it . : tongue : well , i did take on loans for my masters . not so much for my undergrad . undergrad i had the gi bill , so that helped a lot . i still worked part-time throughout undergrad , but that was mostly beer and ... i avoid lying whenever and wherever possible . the truth is usually best . thus , when i find myself in a position when i may need to lie , i'm not thought of as a liar . it makes me that much more ... i find myself interested in the thoughts of others and how they differ from my own . i'm also concerned with what i'm doing and saying and how it affects others . this second thing is fe to me . i ... i don't necessarily hate dogs . i usually find them too needy though . our instincts are what i like to think of as survival strategies . we tend to pick one as our primary , one as our secondary , and one we just don't see all that useful . that being said , we probably do ... i forgot to post my own results . sorry ! 710714 elizabeth taylor had natural violet colored eyes . 710690 it is also on netflix . first two are netflix , last one is amazon . enneathusiast thanks for taking the time to blast the stereotype once again . i've long been a fan of your work . when was this supposed golden age ( i'm sure i could look it up , but i'm hoping i don't have to ) ? catwalk what's so repulsive about 5w6 ( or why is it perceived thusly ) ? holy crapola ! there's a lot of 5s reporting on here ! well , being knowledge junkies that sort of like to hang out with other knowledge junkies , is it really all that surprising that we'd all end up on ... pretty much all the mbti are possible with any enneagram type . some are more common than others . nothing is off the table . mbti and the enneagram don't look at the same things . '