' also , the reason why it's kind of important to identify what type you actually are is because you can't grow until you know what you actually are . i know , that's a very infj perspective , but it is , ... do you think koyczan is an infj ? i adore him . i've adored him from the moment i first heard his words . the male infj is the quiet , resolute guy in the back of the class who is secretly a knight inside , and who sacrifices everything , including possibly his own life , for the well-being of the one he ... i was fine , thank you . :P neil gaiman however , is a quintessential infj . please folks . i can see enfp for her . archetypally . if she actually took a test she'd be enxp , for she uses thinking processes very facilely ... and ... ratherunusual don't give up okay ? my boyfriend and i met but before this he was like that ( for reasons i don't even understand because he is wonderful ) . so don't worry . i know it sucks but you are ... ugh . i actually read all this garbage . i won't say anything more that is critical , because i used to be an evangelical christian and i know very well how fixated you are on persecution . what i ... bahahaha ... aaand the defence for the isfj is a good partner position is a nutjob . estp dislikes abstract description of estp / entp differences . says abstraction is a useless descriptorand attempts to boil the difference down to one concrete thing . </troll> this ^ ^ try an activity . jungle hike or something . she'll be with just you but able to be distracted if need be by practical things like a tricky path etc . basically as soon as you say you want to be ... this is a good sign he's draining energy from you , i'm sorry to say . relating intimately is energizing you : the person or something is out of place and draining you . yes we are different . well done for being thorough enough to effect an escape . it is best to have a no meaningful interactions rule with a bpd . in general they love and crave nothing more than revenge on those who call them out . i won't be interacting with you further . you ... only when you can defend to me your bizarre , threatening actions and observed attempts to cause me deliberate pain would i even slightly reconsider . we maybe need to pm . though given what we've all witnessed on this thread today regarding violations of explicitly requested internet privacy i'd have to - hah - caution you against it . one off and ... naw . but i do see 7s as having a more tricksy vibe . fox yeah . monkey yeah . unicorns aren't really tricksy . my isfj being a man had some sj boy gender roles in hand . i don't remember butthurt ... not at all . but i shall rest assured knowing that your inner torment , as a bpd , is f * cking intense . and that your relationships are themselves a g * ddamn nightmare as a bpd . that emptiness you ... i had assumed that since i specifically said i wanted it private i might be subject to google caching or something but not the whims of an actual d * * chebag who would then make threats that i was ... he doesn't deserve real revenge . he's just a sad little kid who causes a ton of heartaches . / sigh thanks for the share though . what did you do ? it is explicitly disrespectful not to . do it . but thank you for causing tons of drama from the very beginning and no useful advice . i seem to recall your very first post you said that i ... i agree ^ ^ if only my isfj could have been more spontaneous . if only my rock was more like a meringue ! seriously though i see what you're saying ; the much-touted isfj-entp relationships that work out are ... well you're a 7 . i like foxes esp kitsune . ever wanted to be a magical fox ? mmhmmm . delicious hidden passive aggressions oh my ! ugh . i'm saying try to make sense . don't be a g * ddamn jerk in response . thanks for pushing a sore spot . whaddaya think , that's cool ? highly disrespectful and unhelpful . f * cking ... yeah man . entp unicorn story ... neither will i ever isfj . i laugh at the threads that theoretically discuss it . http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/07/04/ete6ydy3.jpg ah . yes , here's me for any suitors who are titivated by my anger and angst and f * cking vindictiveness . i'm not seeing coherent logix in your post . i mean intuition logic not ti or te . i don't see a thread and i don't see how how what you are saying makes sense . it sounds to me like you are having ... your doing it wrong ; i was hitting on you there . don't isfj . ooh just don't . i mean i never miss the possibility once something's over . infjs are the unicorns but i guess i have an entp unicorn out there . so i could commit to a fi type with te ? but have trouble committing to other types because there's no emotional hook ? well . i do take a while to really fall . that's why i'm raging at this ... infj . wait . i shouldn't say that . i had this transcendant thing with an entp once for like ... three weeks . then a miscommunication or ... i have no idea what and it just ... evaporated . so ... sorry . that was a bit ungracious . but i'm feeling ungracious . but ... go on ... well ya do remind me of an enfp i once dated . not that i quite feel this way about you but it ended with me wanting to rip his head off . elaborate . i'm listening . ahahahaha haha . ugh , okay , you're a mystery , i'll bite . infj . stupid ne ... this is condescending but i also don't get information out of it . if you suspect my way of testing limits is sh * tty or something ... you're korean . and ? ( all i get from your sig . ) i test limits constantly . my own and others . i do not trust help that comes with threats . and superseding all of that , i do not need an internet ... yeah well , help by permitting me freedom of action within my own bounds . i'm a g * ddamn entp . yeah i don't even . i'm sure there are good estps but boy . some of them . you can edit one to say double post . is usual forum etiquette fyi . listen ? uh . you obviously have some problems because you think it is okay to play very overt and unpleasant power games with , essentially , someone who is asking for your help . but please try ... wow . sociopathic . i'm ... freaked out . i am reporting that and i am reporting you for making sure i would see that post and then editing it so it no longer retained its original threatening message ... i am in every way completely confused by mnis and freaked out . surely it is a violation of policy here to make threats like you're going down and not in the way that you think to another ... jesus christ wtf . i saw your original post . what the actual * * * ! ? ! ? you are freaking me out completely . why on earth would you try to threaten me ? and for god's sake take that down ... he was an intp . i've dated an estp . he did most of the above while explicitly taking my money and trying to convince me he was the second coming of st paul . and tried to arrange threesomes with ... excellent idea , i will post it here , that will vent my spleen . of course i will have to delete it if i sent it in these words but you may have the pleasure of it for now . so firstly you did not do anything wrong . you didn't . they are at a time when their lives are changing and they are much , much less mature than your life events have caused you to have to be .  ... au contraire . it would be satisfying . it's unlikely to be anything like a war . he has no ammunition . i treated him like a prince so it's unlikely he could make me feel bad about anything . and i'd ... thanks . yeah it was bad . i wasn't able to recognize how bad until after it was over . but part of my problem is that he is young and surely some of his idiocy is related to that . although i have ... i think you should trust me in my estimations . bud . he's a douche and if you would like to side with him be my guest . '