true . i actually think that people are able to reveal more of themselves , not less . they may express things they don't tell people at work , or school , or even their close friends and family ... there's nothing wrong with smiling too much ! as long as it's genuine and doesn't come of as fake , keep on smiling ! ( wow , i haven't been here in forever . although , i did forget my pw ! ) :p fantasia . enchanting visuals and musical orchestra , i saw this when i was young , maybe four years old and i hadn't seen it since , but it was so intense , i could always remember fantasia and it stayed ... ^ beautiful poem vish . :] running away to find just yourself , beneath the moon <3 ! for me it's somewhat an obsession , escapism and greatest love where you are the most free to express everything ... freefaller and foetus . ;] souls . we are who we are . what determines how a child will be , and who they will grow up as ? genetic make up ? nurture , who raised them , family , influences ... really ! ? these to me are merely things ... i could write a long letter , very forward and open in fantasy and seductions to a person , but in person ... completely coy , i don't think anyone would think me capable of writing anything like that . > < ... somewhere over the rainbow would be number 1 , because it was my favourite movie and when it was over i'd watch it from the start again , sing the song clutching my heart when i was out and about , ... indeed . the natural romance and charisma in expression and thought attracts many people but then it also has the dual reaction of frightening people and making them wary of us , or so i have found . a ... without a doubt i would choose dolphin . i think them wonderfully telepathic and i love their playful spirits , and how they always appear to be smiling . :] they are in two worlds at the same time , the ... when people act like you're responsible for their bad mood . ^ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uib0FHnf0FQ i wonder what type alice from through the looking glass would be ... one who is dreaming of an apparently senseless , absurd word . enfp ? curious , living in her dream world , interested in the character's ... wa ! ^ ;) aw but what's a really offensive comment you can say to us ? we might find it to be wonderful which would defy that which you hoped would be insulting . ^ ^ i honestly think a person would be lying if they said they never even once enjoyed having a great affect on someone else's emotions . personally , i like it to be a positive affect and my favourite ... there's something to love in ... almost everyone and all that which people think is shocking or dramatic doesn't alter the facial expression at all , because ... it's actually normal , whatever they ... stories . i just love how everything and everyone is a story , with secrets to tell and tales that have been weaved through their souls existence ( through infinity ) for there is no beginning nor ... lol , bromance . indeed . : tongue : it's such a fascinating concept and the likes of edgar cayce spoke of time travel through the soul ... so while we may not yet have anything resembling a time machine , physical time travel with ones ... if you were old before you were young , wise before you were naive , if you grew backwards ... and died as a baby , whose spirit shot back to the realm in which it came , rewinding through ' time ' until you ... i'm going to marry a half egyptian , half humanoid alien from the galaxy andromeda ... next christmas eve . you are all invited to the wedding . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cD0LW-YyVI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xloWstGF2aQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3USjxZtI0A - haha ! wa ! with this movie , it's hard to choose ( and find ) ... lol , i like being scared too ! haha , it's so fun ! oooh , luuucky , investigate and snoop within the haunted houses ! where i lived my whole life until i moved where i am now , near the beach ... was my ... likewise ! imagine if it was actually on a ship though and we sail through violent waters and end up all crashing into eachother in the dark , ahahah . fun . annnd we shall all have to venture to haunted ... it takes a shipload of enfp's to change a light bulb . oh wait ... how can that be when the room would be echoing with a loud mixture of philosophical discussions , witch-like cackles and laughter , limbs ... oh yes ! it comes when it comes ;) one may be immersed in the seriousness of a fascinating topic and then ... oooh , super soaker water fight ! a lot of the time , during inappropriate times , but then ... lol ^ that was a hilarious analysis . ' a raised head as if a president making an address ' hahaha ! wit con arrogancia ! ;) there's something attractive in all types and many people but their ... lol , hey guiltyuntilproven , strange is awesome ! how loathsome to be stuck in suffocating stagnant set ways of what is normal and what isn't . how can anyone say what really is normal when anything can ... judging by your signature and the devious look to your avatar's face and green earrings i'm gonna say slytherin ... ;) oh , my servant cleaned my tower for me . no , just some helping hands . i don't know how my bed linen gets into such a tangled state . when synchronicity happens at every angle of your life . infp ;) the ultimate idealist ... god manifested , god the dreamer of all . everything that exists forever and their dreams will continue to flow forth reality upon reality , and as such , god is every ... i stay up until 4 or sometimes 5am because of writing every night , tis a sleep depriving habit . once home , it's still too noisy and busy so one has to wait until the souls are faaast asleep . also ... [ / quote ] oh yes ! ' i'm so sick ' is what i first thought of . : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdyCf_V--3A i hate everything about you - three days grace . voices of violence - billy ... ^ <3 4 o ' clock ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSGuMfv24xA ^ i loved immortal beloved ;] and as a child the prince of egypt too , though i revisited that with most passion when i was around 15 . gosh , great scores in that movie , though the burning bush was ... indeedy ! i live in a world of my dreams and fantasies of mind , homes of the soul . immersing oneself in the characters of creations heads is invigorating for their world is so real , much more true ... merry christmas everybody ! ! ! : laughing : i hope you are each having a most magical , enchanting and lovely time ! rather than looking at j.christ on the cross , i think i shall like to peer at what he is ... youtube - heart - alone youtube - sad lisa youtube - the show must go on ( harry potter ) also - if i saw you in heaven - eric clapton you are not alone - mj the rose - bette midler ... authenticity i believe is felt with your soul . what is worse than something not being real ... though reality depends on one's own perception . i do not think there is a requirement for obvious signs , ... oh yes ^ - ^ enfp villains ... i wonder , lestat from interview with the vampire for he uses his charm and seemingly affable personality to tempt louis . like an enchanted rescuer in the dead of the night , ... gryffindor . ' you might belong in gryffindor , where dwell the brave at heart ... ' hearts without petals evermore consuming , we can smell the ensnaring scent of reaping poison , and an intoxicating potion of curex 85beating in our hearts , he runs through our collective veins , ... once youx 92ve been there , you carry the place forever in your heart . slip into the aroma of your lullaby scent , the fragrance colouring the air , that carries you far beyond . itx 92s the scent from a ... existing situation : readily participates in things affording excitement or stimulation . wants to feel exhilarated . stress sources : physiological interpretation : stress resulting from unwelcome ... slytherin ... :) 1 . what dreams may come 2 . ghost 3 . interview with the vampire 4 : fight club 5 : being john malkovich hey - i like the horse and carriage ! i wish we all got around that way . ;) tis has been my favourite method of transportation for stories . i don't drive either , though i did drive to my friend's ... <3 fight club . hehe i use to always write these . sometimes jill's , for the female ... or just my own name . i am laura's overactive crown chakra ;p but no , not exactly considered physical body parts ... somehow , an initial feeling to this was the contrasts between light and darkness that everybody has , but there are finer masquerade ensembles of our own creations that are in our fates , and they seem ...