' if i'm interested in someone i'll flirt with them . if i like them ... i used to just clam up till my feelings reached a point where i would confess . if they like me , they really should confess ... i gotta answer this . to me kissing is a lot like dancing salsa or ballroom . you gotta enjoy yourself , ensure your partner is enjoying themselves , communicate through touch , and try to change ... educational system is flawed have you awakened to your hidden skills ? oh i felt the same thing too ! a girl seemed perfect for me on paper but i could just not form an emotional connection with her . had to let her go knowing i would never meet another girl like her for ... i am tired of cheerleading people to chase their dreams . i got an istj little sister who is so reliable in everyday stuff but somehow manages to out-hermit me and not try to take a risk to ... ah ... i know what you mean . if i can't talk to a girl about philosophy , psychology , human nature , etc ... and other stuff like that then it's super hard for me to get interested in her . i would just ... i was hearing about infps sometimes feels very secure and anchored around istjs because of their grounded nature . and i understand that feeling from working with an infj who was awesome . although ... my dream girl ? cute or at least passes a minimum bar of physical attractiveness . ( not that hard ) can have an emotional connection with me . sensitive but also emotionally mature . has her own ... i wanna hug you and say it's alright . i hope i'm not misunderstanding something but maybe they mean in group conversations they want to talk to you more ? although that might be hard for an infp . ... i've been through so many rough situations yet made it through in a better position in life . i almost always see it as grass is greener vision . like what did it take to get there and what are the cons of being like that or having that thing / skill / experience ? there is a deep-caring-for-someone love . then there is also romantic love for me as well . i think it's possible for me to activate a one-way emotional connection with someone toward them . it is a ... it sounds like something similar from the infp guy point of view that i've experienced . although the days you mentioned are off . when i broke up with her it was because i couldn't get as ... you probably already got something similar but how about a person near an infp who gets betrayed by the world despite saving it . then the infp doesn't believe the world deserves being saved because ... nearly all of amazingly talented people i've met had a goofy side to them . but when push came to shove and they had to get something done , they performed it with grace , composure , finesse and skill ... ambitious , story-focused , and inquisitive http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=376682&stc=1 yeah , sounds about right . i like the crazy awesome epic moments . jack hmm ... well i did say in another thread that having art as your day job taints the purity of the art . why ? money pressures . you want to make art that sells more than you ... a lot of those games you get detached from fast is likely gaining press attention because they can review it so quickly . sometimes they call them competition games where they would likely win an ... i'll say this from experience . this relates to creative hobbies . if you can keep it as a hobby , then the pressure of money won't taint the purity of the art . that changes when it becomes your ... usually if you had any chance at all of dating me , i would be happy and be interested in dating . oh right ... if an infp somehow gets irritated or feels sad or angry and it doesn't make sense , try thinking with that mindset . it's extremely counter-intuitive but it may become clear . i think i get a boost of emotional energy when i directly emotionally support someone . so if you're wondering how some infp can sometimes endlessly sustain kindness , that might explain it . especially ... that bothers me to no end . while i absolutely want to cuddle introverted girls and form a deep connection with them , what i want more is to let themselves recognize and accept their ... i'm not sure if i should be the one to give advice . i've been to more proms than had relationships . any sort of appealing to a girl wouldn't be good . it's different than just dressing to fit the ... i can really appreciate introverted girls who are more subtle . i've had so many times when a girl said i'm usually shy and not used to talking to strangers then she gets excited and talks a lot to ... while it's really great that my coping mechanisms allow me to a retain the logical process of an nt in high stress situations 90 % of the time , the stress doesn't go away . two people closely ... are appropriate ones healthy ? yes ! just be wary of people who misuse emotional boundaries for emotional entrapment and as a method of controlling others . when i was younger i subscribed to the ... hmm ... but whatever doesn't kill you make you stronger ? people who have hard lives live longer . while girls may have a hard time getting over someone , it doesn't mean they won't . they grow and have a ... but which day and age did relationships mean something ? and what exactly did they mean ? it's not like the girls don't get emotionally attached at times . she knows the risks and appears to have ... it was a passing thought that i need to actually trace to figure out why i thought that . that and i was sleepy at the time . i'll admit the logic is pretty much of a stretch . the key point is the ... if there were more girls like you around and society accepted it , a lot less infp males would be unhappy . i'm pretty sure you heard a lot of similar pieces of advice . i'll try to give you some something different . for an infp with a decent support system , we sometimes fall into a pit of ... unfortunately the only way i've been doing it is creating a pretty automated and subconcious defense system so i can just blindly trust people . if they do things that have ill-will , then it would ... you really speak my mind . i grew up around people who are emotionally manipulative . and while i've gained a natural resistance it still sticks . and now that i've studied logic to the point ... i have a female friend from high school who is an infj . i used to have a crush on her . we still talk and it's awesome . remember how infjs absorb the energies of those around them ? well , i think ... where are now , what are you doing ? are you in this endless sky ? ... i realize for the first time that i've lost what has been in my heart until now how much you supported me how ... ah ... i'm really going to be myself now aren't i ? i mean like outwardly . i've done so much magic so to speak so i never appear on anyone radars and i like my private space a lot ... i need to ... that sounds terrifying . i guess the term i would give would be emotional entrapment . i'll be honest and say i did have somewhat of a similar mindset as he did when i was in high school . it's ... i feel like i'm primarily a dreamer who has stronger access to te and ti to the point where it can at least keep up with types which have those functions as their dom . i also have access to the ... when i was still in a relationship , we would be as physically connected as much as possible when on dates . if i was going to her event then i would let her take the spotlight and just generally be ... 1 . used to got a level 225 garados before using a dumb trick 2 . i like anime 3 . what's that ? 4 . com sci 5 . hmm ... by bmi ... yes . i've been there before myself many times . you can look upon this opportunity as chance to grow beyond what you ever could dare to dream of . it's a chance to take that frustration and channel it into ... my views are some feminists can't tell me the difference between second wave and third wave feminism . edit : just for reference . second wave did a lot of good stuff . however they were too focused ... middle school there was this enfp girl i was sorta attracted to if only because she taught me how to defy others and how important it was to do that sometimes . infjs girls back in high school ... i'm not sure if this is the right place to ask this but ... if infjs don't like to show their weaknesses because of how everyone would view them , doesn't having an image of no weaknesses get you ... maybe it's a cultural thing but if you don't feel appreciated maybe he isn't doing something to make you feel appreciated . or just not giving you attention at least ? i would be leaving a lot of ... ah ... yeah ... i'm like that a lot . infp i believe can usually do one or two things per day that they aren't stereotypically good at . this is due to their energy capacity . though if he is ... even though i'm a semi-buff guy , how i act sometimes gets me the adorable cute comment . used to be worse when i was a kid . i used to do that in japan . you are right . however it somehow becomes easier when i was severely stressed . like our shadow is coming out . though when you recover from the being hyper stressed out , ... ellicat had an experience that was similar to mine . however i was a tiny bit more fortunate to have a job at a theme park interacting with customers . an infp's already dreamlike state actually ... '