' looks around , notices glass of dr pepper and is remembered of the lifeblood of his life . yeah , i drink caffeine ... haven't tried coffee though . i hate styrofoam scratching styrofoam . but i always assumed everyone hates that . can i change my name over to slender ? please and thank you . you use a paragraph to insult someone ? keep it short and sweet stupid ... just like how your ex-girlfriend told me you have sex . why little kids insist on saying i did your mom last night ... i think of 1 or 2 things . 1 . someones mom is dead and they said i raped your dead mom last night in her grave . or 2 . i did a ... umm , yes . maratha confederacy for the win . game help : sims 3 crashing checklist - simswiki sims 3 crashing [ solved ] http://hokage.org/content/sims-3-constant-game-crash-fix 3 potential fixs . sorry if they don't work , normally i just go ... mmmkay ... vulgar expression ? i have none . i don't cuss . i cuss people turn heads and think hell has frozen over . just right ... 10 miles over on an appropriately straight road , 5 miles under ... nt the dc simply cause ... he's a dog . roland cause i think it would be interesting to see . and then some people i can't think of right now . possibly . only way to know is to find out . meh . ( literally serious ) i haven't tried any drugs , barring those for medical use . i have only taken a few lowertabs for pain , and i think some morphine . i personally don't care what you take , but ... somewhat explicit language . read at your own peril ! ok ... friend tries to ruin iron man 3 . he then fails as i had already seen it . i then tell him to suck my dick jokingly ( something one of our ... yes . drugs imply something is bad . mental stimulant sounds like they are ... good for you . oh , but of course . i don't consider those drugs though , i consider them mental stimulants . don't read to deeply into this . sry , the esfp forum is ---> that away esfp forum - the performers : kitteh : stereotypes are fun . done dang ... you must really need to emphasize this eh ? everyone that reads this statement has been on the internet at some point in their lifetime . mind = blown . i just lost the game . mind = blown . i am going to use mind = blown another time mind = ... i have a whopping 400 kbps per second connection ! wait ... thats significantly smaller than yours ... by about 99.9 % . frack . now i just want to know when i can get it ... i get laid tonight by angelina joe lee . or a genie pops up with 3 wishes for me . put simply 1 . customizable weapons - in games , i thought back when i was early teens huh , how fun it would be to create your tanks , weapons , etc ... a few years later i see chromehounds . a mech ... i never cried at my great grandmothers . i talked to one of my friends via text and told her of the situation and explained why i thought it was sad , but known . she lived a happy life , it was long , it ... convo between my dad and me . dad : i have a theory on gravity . me : ok ... dad : yeah , you know how they all think its caused by electromagnetism . me : umm ... da - dad : yeah , they all think its ... in the place where we shall dissect your brain and learn all of the knowledge in it , and then be able to become mimicry clones of your personality whenever we wish . be afraid . be very afraid . theres an exception to every rule . so yes , there's some intp with an iq equivalent to 50 . we just haven't found him yet . nope . very rarely does anyone flat out say it . then again , i rarely do things to make them angry . closest thing i can remember is that one of my ixfp friends called me and my intj friend cynical . we ... interesting ... i'm still dl'ing it right now lol ... anyone on here play ( ed ) it ? any reviews on what to expect ? just once i would love to see one action movie have the protagonists completely and utterly fail , and the antagonist win . like the joker owning batman and taking over gotham . i vote we stop all things that involves cliches for 20 years . then we can use them again and hopefully they won't be cliche . i was watching the latest total recall , and noticed the robots ineptness with firearms . it then got me started on wondering if they are robots , using computing power equal or better than our brains , ... i probably don't have it . most likely i have some minor form of it , but really i think my brain just needs discipline . normally , perc , youtube , facebook , some minecraft or game website , and some random tab . right now ? 2 perc tabs . intp forum and this one . a french fry . didn't say we have to be whole . 5 ' 11 270-75 lbs ( i'm too lazy to check ) / tangent hmm ... your life reminds me so much of my life ... i remember we had this reading competition going on all year at my school , and like each year i would read and get into the top few . i ... well , i trace it back to a few examples , if i am higher than normal . 1 . back in gradeschool , about second grade i believe , i distinctly remember people taking longer on a test . it was so simplistic ... either that , or she's either got scholarships , or is in a country that gives her free college ... i try to be pleasant , to give off a smile every now and then , to not make people particularly angry . then again , smiling helps make you personally happy , so ... in real life , not so much . i am more of the guy who you never notice ... i remember my dad going on some tangent about how psychopaths would be more protective of their children , or people with psychopathic tendencies rather . his reasoning was that since they knew they ... any particularly funny day , like april fools . my internet is crap . i can barely run ts on world of tanks ( slow paced shooter ) and not lag past 300 . so no . bastet or vulcan are my favorite gods . same name , of course ;) for some reason this reminded me of the salem witch trials ... now i want chicken . the goods will still need basic materials , so i think the goods being purchased online would be more like a digital blueprint of the object , with you having the basic materials stored at your house ... i was thinking along the same lines . food becoming a privilege , such as meat was back in medieval europe and restaurants becoming fairly scarce , only in higher class societies . the guy i was talking ... nutrition that is given via water , eliminating the requirement of eating food from our daily lives . ( someone already has this though , but on a small personal trial scale ) because i expect the other person to come to similar conclusions and let bygones be bygones . externally it may just bring up more questions , and it really depends on which scenario we are on . i think those trains would be a little ... unsafe , imo ... anyways , 3d printers everywhere , somewhat going into the deus ex world ( cybernetics ) , and of course genetic modifications . and of course ... '