insanityremix , i'm quite guilty of this quirk . i wonder if it could be a ni thing , and if some intj's also share this trait . not to excluded other types from the possibility of being simular . i ... this thread is a great idea op . after i began to self-actualize i began creating my master plan . it's highly idealistic , and if i don't start putting the concrete steps into action it'll slowly get ... i've moved a lot , especially as a child but i still visit the other states my accent has changed a lot but i often get told i have a different accent wherever i go . even in kentucky , where i've ... when conflicted i hear two distinct voices . i assume it's not a psychotic tendency since i understand both voices are really just representations of myself . one feels cold and strong . the other warm ... sometimes i fret about this . while i can find life boring , especially when my motivation becomes elusive , i wonder if the novel experiences i have experienced are worth anything in the end . on ... never did k , but i did go through a year in a love-hate relationship with dxm . after a binge off it i came to the conclusion that it was just an evil dark trip . i wouldn't suggest it to anybody ... i'm scared of you . : tongue : welp that's the quote of the day . i know this might be in disagrence with some people , but i find mbti to be much more accurate and less subjective than astrology . now mbti isn't perfect and needs work , but i haven't seen any ... i got into personality typing following a period of traumatic stress . it gave me a tool to begin self-actualization . at first i was overcome with joy that other people had experiences simular to ... i was smoking myself , when i first posted here . : crazy : i find i fit easier into the infj type in socionics as well as mbti . according to a thread in the socionics forum this isn't all that rare though . aside from a weird mixup over cognitive ... i believe in vibes , energies and metaphysical connections . but i hardly ever talk about this . i have an entp friend that helped me feel less crazy about these vibes . at times we get the same ones . i ... where the type 9 ' s be at ! welp , this is being added to my collection of data sheets . now i can be further broken into 8 % of current statistical infj's . : crazy : i get pretty nervous when i'm running late on something , but i can't say i'm very punctual . i wish i was better at sticking to my time frames , it's something i need to work on i suppose . maybe it ... imma bat ! but pretty close to being a snake . i don't want to be a snake , too much coldness . welp entpeachy , the last part of your post could very well be my first girlfriends description of our relationship . i really hope i'm not kidding myself thinking i've matured past most of those ... following these requirements i've definitely never been in a healthy relationship . i'm still holding on to hope though ! by a thread some days .. i'm pretty jelly op . i wish i could find an infj girl near me , even if we don't click in that magical romantic way , i'd like to see how being an infj is for girls . compare notes and such . : wink : umop 3pisdn drug induced psychotic breaks are not very fun . i had one following a dxm / lsd binge . your trip sounds pretty interesting , i theorize that trips work simular to dreams in the way ... random associations being compared to each other . i get a strong sense of satisfaction when i can see how peices fit together . i get really happy when i think of how two really different things can ... welp . i've made pizzas for about three years now . it's not exactly something that makes me feel productive , and it's the only job i've had so far . my father is a general manager at another store , ... usually i feel pretty comfortable moving my body around . i've never attempted to learn how to dance , but i'm the exact opposite of what you'd call a natural . when i'm in my flow at work , i feel like ... if i'm djing i do the same thing . i'll pick out the next three songs in my head and make adjustments when i think a song brings discord to the groups emotional level . i hardly ever play the music i'm ... nowadays the first thought that crosses my mind when talking about aliens is how chimpanzees only differ from us by 1 % of our genes . looking at all the differences between humans and chimps , it's ... i like myself generally , and as such have no disdain for the infj title . sometimes life isn't easy , and it's possible all types can have it just as difficult . but if i could take another type on a ... × passionate ° curious about me × intelligent ° able to enjoy periods of silence × confident ° honest with my shortcomings × able to admit humility that's a really general list , i'm feeling ... i also get like this sometimes op . then i start this thought loop where my anxiety grows : i should say something -> continues not to talk -> i'm over analyzing the situation -> don't want to make it ... i could be completely off base , but i feel the dark triad of psychology is poorly understood in general . although i feel most labels given by the dsm-iv are stigmatized before understood by most ... i remember when i was somewhere between 6-7 , i would have to stay in my room when my parents had friends over . we lived in california at the time . ( i was a military brat--moved often ) i would get ... i share that feeling of guilt that comes when zoning out in a conversation . sometimes it feels more like zoning in , where i am trying to analyze their statements , then it can lead to me missing out ... i can completely believe that . i thank almost twice as much as i post . ^ agreed . when there are only two answers it gets easy to get stuck in the middle . oh yes . especially when driving friends around . they forever give me directions i already know . but this applies to a lot of things rather them just driving . i just thank them for their input and ... they do seem to have a correlation , where some enneagram types are more common for certain mbti types . however they are not conclusive , and any mbti type could be any enneagram . the cognitive functions can really help you pin point . infp's and infj's have completely different strengths and weaknesses , as they share none of the same functions , order of functions , or whether ... i don't think it's an illusion , just not one hundred percent on spot . i still find it relating to my real life , when i can see certain friends who have been typed exhibit similar patterns . like i ... la dispute really gets my emotions going . most of my friends don't like em , but the ones who do tend to fall in love . i think their genre is post-hardcore , it can be scremoish , but for the most part ... i read the land of elyon book series as a child , and thank it for being what got me into the wonderful world of literature . i reread it last year for the nostalgia , and still found it quite enjoyable . thank you the king of dreams for the heartwarming welcome i received when i first joined this community ! : happy : an awkward infinity shaped minefield , that takes too long for me to find substance from . i might feel this way because i generally suck at small talk . how its 4:20 in the morning and i'm torn between wanting to go to sleep and being afraid of over sleeping before work . i wonder how personality theory will evolve in my lifetime , or in history . ... as an infj i can say i've naturally been drawn to infp's as a love interest . your guy's depth often astounds me , and your type is like a muse in bringing out my own emotions after i get stuck ... i feel as if relationships between infj's and entp's work so well for two reasons . one we are both hooked with intuition as our dominant function . only four types share this , and the difference ... how you wrote your post makes me feel like you could be an infp , with a balanced j / p . however since i don't really know you , and i'm not a mbti practitioner , you could very well be an infj . as your ... an entp friend of mine liked to discuss and swap story ideas with me . the morning after some partying i got the vibe that something was bugging him . he talked about death quite a lot the night ... woop woop . agreed , i type way to often . most of my entp homies didn't go past learning theirs . edit : wrong type , of type . huh ? under 30 still . : tongue : time is important , perhaps more so for intense ( in the past ) double-introverted relationships . you both have a lot to process , and in time the emotions won't sting as hard as you remember them . this idea is quite interesting . at first i i thought perceptive infj sounded like me . i know i'm not hardened ( yet ? ) as my se is still developing . my dreams are of me being a leader of a group of ...