' ni has been thought of me , from other people as , the i told you so moment . its intuitive knowledge , a window in time . an underlying meaning , more that what meets the eye . why do people do the ... i think i've been a generous host for parties and such . but i don't spare a cent for beggars , i'd rather see them work for it , if they're capable . if its worth the time well spent , no amount of ... on another point of view , enfps are sometimes called advocates , that they are out there to promote their views onto others . things get nasty then views and opinions are forced onto other people ... my fi is quite similar . i'm quite stubborn . but here's where i think i've stumbled . the invitation of open-mindedness is a trap . i tried to see how far i could discuss whatever topic that comes to ... argh you dumb people . i for now , shall accept the fact people like to take things with what they see . nobody reads behind the lines anymore , nobody wonders what's beyond that hill , who the fuck cares ... don't f with the enfp value system , whatever that system may be . even if its something like vegetarianism ( not limited to ) . even if they are a minority . never try to rationalise it . never * casts * ... it's something like a list of benchmarks . like how a manager meets goals in an organization . gets you working your ass off =) mainly - drunk epiphanies ( much sober now ) ( drunk words are sober ... nirvana is your made up fantasy . you shall be useful until you're trully dead , when you're not useful anymore . till then , i'll be seeing you on the list of world intj iron clawed leaders ( voted best ... hello intj , another rant from me =) ! ! ! today i've made several life goals i must achieve . i've written it down for all to see on my twitter . i don't care if ppl call me a capitalist . i don't care ... drama is fine , when you're bored . like a fling , or some emotional attachment just to kill time and brain matter . the rest of the time , its comedy , thrills , and livin on the edge hehehehe enfp , you funny :'P its more of a self improvement thingy , coupled with boredom , only cured by curiosity . there is no cure for curiosity . i've not found any yet . they're many labels out there . do you want to fit in ... hi guys =) i thought i was a lifeless robot , until you came along . i didn't know i was capable of these feelings , images of you flash by every morning , i don't want to get out of bed , realising ... hey there , i just wanna say hooray for online insanity tests . they seem to like me a lot . i got 3 very highs , 1 low , and the rest at high . hahaha , you guys should take the test too just for fun =D ahahaha yeah , exactly my thoughts ! ! they're just manifestations of a different personality , not a clinical condition . ahh yes . very literal , as if describing traits of a person who has this supposed disorder . the concept you might be talking about might be : is this guys trying to say intjs behaving badly would ... can you elaborate ? what is the ' literal ' part you're saying here ? from wiki world health organisation : ^ this . does anyone relate to at least 4 ? i think i have 5 . but i don't think i'm ... i just came back from this thread in the enfp forum : http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/75204-so-ive-just-been-diagnosed-asperger-syndrome.html my train of thoughts : psychological ... yes , bring the istp in . they're so easy to manage . share your good movies and music , best if you like the same music . why don't you test drive that istp by going for a hike , or something physical ? ... yes , hell yes ! ! i'm intj and i love the physical mindlessness of sports . its refreshing when you use your motor skills instead of being whack in your room in mental doodle . today , after a long break ... no , i don't talk to myself . there's just this other being inside me who sort of intuitively know what i'm going to do , how am i feeling , what should i say ... his name might be intuition ... other ... hahahahaha yes , standard operating procedure . as long as the message goes through . you should pay more attention to the content of the email ... not these details ... thanks because she can please share about the second part on how you're getting drinks =D advantageous flirtation is what i'm looking for @ @ i just always seem to lose out with my estp friends ... smooth talking is a ... sure we have shallow moments =) the intj is renowned for having this steady rock attitude which translates inner assuredness into outer confidence . i'd say its like a core of energy we often draw ... loneliness to me is the feeling of not being able to relate to others . therefore , i don't think i'm lonely in that sense because i can relate to many people , it's only the matter of degree ( that i ... hi there , i used to have these thoughts , but as you grow older , you just realise , that the i dont give a flying fish attitude gets you further in life . i'm sure we all know the reasons behind our ... nuts is summing up what he is in 4 letters ... at the same time , he made perfect sense ... i dont know what to feel , i are confused xd i kinda want more people like him to be around me so that i ... this thread is win ! that guy is nuts ! i'm an idiot for looking up what the fish the klein bottle holds ... i was hoping it could pour out unlimited whiskey but alas ... why use the word bottle ... i think the question is , did you bore him out of his mind ? ^ this what's the point being at the top , when there's nobody there to share it with is one of the things i've said to my friend ... being brutally honest , whenever i think of entjs , i think of bulldozers , iron fists , insensitive ( worse than intjs , in my opinion ) , manipulative ( goal centric ) ahahahaha ! ! ! you're joking right ? ? trying my luck ... any players here ? ? i think there's a very big potential for us to be flirts and players . they say relationships are our achilles ' heel ... but i hope that can be taken out from the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-68l6OZSj10 type 8 here ... resisting the urge daily , in a neighbourhood near you . intrigued by possibilities . but i'm quite healthy though , sometimes just looking for thrills and not getting caught . don't get me wrong my friend ... i didn't say it was an epidemic , and i'm not finding a cure ... i just gave a list for all to see , if there's anything there that you might relate to , good . at least ... haha , i'm on a personal mission to improve and educate people on the intj ... and identifying areas of self improvement =P at the same time , eliciting reactions is one of my fetishes ;) without sunshine happily ignorant ( not mutually exclusive ) source : http://divorcesupport.about.com/od/abusiverelationships/a/Pass_Agg.htm hello intjs ... do you relate to any of these behavioural traits ? ? would it be bold to say that you've been described ... is it the times when you're frustrated at the intj giving brief answers , only to never bring it up again ? ? ? why don't you bring the topic up again , if its so important to you ? everything is open to ... i think its part of us that wants to jot something down , in case we forget , something like writing a diary ? ? ? i keep an idea book too ... hi there , istp facade , with a dash of intj toilet jokes . entj leader , enfp drunk . intp when alone . isfp when emo , esfp when everyone else's iq went below 30 . also , infj first aider =D - rant over - * guilty conscious * new rant threads , anyone ? ? ? dear enfps , do you have a handful of friends that would take a punch or a bitch-slapping for you ? would you do the same for a good friend ? ( ps :d on't give me stuff like nobody would want to hurt an ... why can't people understand that its not necessary to exhibit feelings when you know crying or sulking isn't going to change anything ? ? ? if you cry on my shoulder , don't expect me to cry with you . i ... i don't want to like an entj ... i'll be more tactful ... i'm dying to hear from people who've been past their 20s ... how did you make it ! ? why aren't you a serial killer yet xd sometimes it ... mbti's collect em ' all , walking amongst you , waiting to be adopted by intjs , towards world domination ~ estp : lets jump into the pool with our underpants only estp # 2 : lets go gambling , i just won a hundred bucks ! ! ! come on , it'll be fun xd entj : ( was told to meditate for 2 mins ) 1 minute ... '