' so important . i want people who can be real , open , honest , gentle , sensual . starting another thread on this topic now ... haha ! yeah , don't worry , i don't go there any more . what made you suggest this ? oh ok , well that destroyed that theory lol . exhausts my brain trying to figure out the female mind . here's the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD3QrCr5LP8 she's amazing that girl ... hello raja.infj , an x instead of a normal letter just is a placeholder for any of the possibilities that could go there so exfj = { enfj , esfj } and xxfj = { enfj , infj , esfj , isfj } . i saw a good ... hey felix 5 , great to hear i am not alone ! i'm gonna send you a pm . perhaps we can help each other . edit : sent a pm but browser kind of hung for ages when i pressed submit . it's in my sent folder ... i'm so weird guys , seriously . even for an intj i'm damn weird . sorry . i think . maybe i'm not sorry . i've no idea . hope you're having fun at least . a great evening of molten chocolate and wine for you ... rezo yes and no . yes in the sense of yes . ( profound sentence there ) . and no in that i'm seeing a truth that some of these people i'm talking to are not very impressive at all in the grand scheme of ... theories i mistook i don't have any friends to mean you didn't have anyone . this invalidates most of what i said as it pertains to you . if you have your family and acquaintances and you are happy ... dude , not having any friends is bad unless you live in siberia or you're a monk or something . as a vaguely normal human being i would like friends i just don't like the shitty people i have around ... it's ok thanks i already have a pair . sorry to hear about your horribly mutated testes you have growing out of each rib . have low self-esteem be lonely have remarkable and eye-opening experience self-esteem go up significantly realize everyone you know is whiny , needy , or manipulative pussy have a couple of angry ... if you're anti-anti-stupid then you are pro-stupid . this is how catwoman was made ? ! : o but you look like such a nice girl ! * ahem * i would love to fart on you so when i read your comment stathamspeacoat i immediately thought of what shiver said about it possibly being very common . then again i think there's truth to what you say : if i felt completely ... i'm sorry to hear you had that experience . i hope it hasn't affected you too much . that's hilarious mytinyheart . i think it does show how an intj needs to learn to appreciate other people's ... thank you maybe . i see i can pm you now — and presumably everyone else — but this wasn't available last night . maybe a delayed response in the system ? because i definitely had more than 15 posts last ... ok so first thing i should say is that this isn't sizing up the whole person this is just sizing them up relative to the things i care about . they might be really good at other stuff but if i'm not ... also what are the ranks and what does this activity level thing mean ? i have only 1 male friend and a number of female friends . i love my female friends and i have no qualms about having many female friends but sometimes i wonder if i have some sort of slight hang up ... hello infjs , i wonder if any of you have any experiences dating or being in relationships with intjs . how did it go ? what did you think ? thank you for the invitation tipsyblg but i don't think this would be rewarding enough for me now . if you wanna pm me ideas / questions or something i might have a read and give you my thoughts but ... haha , well i think your plan is brilliant . make some ntj friends . you're not a psycho , you're just strategic . you're not the soft fluffy infj either though . also don't bother with what other ... haha . ok buddy . i'll tell you something : i don't disagree ! i would say intj too . you ’ re attracted to this guy , right ? sounds like he has some good stuff . figuring out what you don't like is an important step in figuring out what you do . i'm just gonna throw out a bunch of questions . * what do you like to do for fun ? ( don't say play computer games ... are you trying to make a comparison here ? what are these plans you are making that freak people out ? i'm feeling much clearer on this issue now . i have a feeling the subjectivity of this topic will prevent my new views from being unanimously accepted here i think i have found the views that work for ... thank you for your responses . that's an interesting question . i hope the answer is no though because isn't it good for building trust or simply just a way to challenge yourself ? also i just like ... i've been reading this book called sex for smart women . it's basically a series of dirty stories from the perspective of a woman who is well connected with her sensual self and enjoys it . towards ... nt :: noot nf :: niff sp :: sip sj :: saj this has probably already been done but i made up some silly names for the types that are more like words enfj :: enfooj enfp :: enflip entj :: enterj entp :: entap esfj :: esafarj esfp :: ... '