' you're in my head ... and i like it ! : wink : 1 . when people actually engage me instead of writing me off because of my reserved nature , i easily win people over and make them feel really comfortable around me . 2 . i try to treat every person ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isLqoB3v_wI dear self , what goes on in your mind is just as important as what goes on in anyone else's . don't allow yourself to subtract value from your own inward thoughts and desires in the effort to ... i do funny dances in public sometimes . i'll be in the dental care aisle in wal-mart , trying to find the right toothpaste , and i'll do a lil wiggle or some footwork of some sort .. lol . only when no ... lol ! it's awkward for me when i talk out loud and then notice that someone was nearby ... it's happened when i've walked in / out of my job . i'll be in the parking lot going to / coming from my car , ... it's not awkward when you're in the car rockin out , though ! if someone pulls up next to me and i catch them lookin ' , i'll amp it up even more and give ' em a show ! :-p you're walking in or out of a door in a public place and someone is coming behind you but they're at that awkward mid-distance , where you try to hurry up and think if they're close enough that it'd ... well , being extroverted doesn't necessarily mean they all talk at the wrong times in school ... lol definitely gonna start using that term ! .. lol sometimes i wonder how extroverts would feel if people constantly tried to fix them ... that's me exactly ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T20pBrtJ2e8 cruel , i know ... but 0:40- 0:43 = the funniest kid cry ever ! .. lol if i could thank this post 500 times i would ! ! ! : crazy : i was engaged to an extrovert . his need to constantly be around a bunch of people wasn't a problem for me , but it drove me crazy when he ... high school was terribly taxing on me ! i would come home completely drained and fully prepared to shut down and mentally hibernate . high school was just a circus act with lockers ! as much as i love people , i wish i could control the who , how long , and type of interaction with people . 1 . the who - pretty obvious ... some people i can do without .. lol 2 . the how long - ... i'm still struggling with this . i would often make stretches to try to seem normal to people so i wouldn't drive people away by making them feel that i wasn't interested in them or didn't like to ... precisely my sentiments ! being an introvert gets you a lot of unwarranted labels . i just say it comes with the territory ... i'm learning to just accept it . i've pretty much always been an enigma to most , but i'm getting ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcPJtAdquzI speaking of refrigerators , i can't stand it when there's absolutely nothing to eat in the house , yet i keep checkin the refrigerator as if the jolly little fridgeworld gnomes are gonna make ... roflol ! ! ! i don't know how you'd actually sound saying that in person , but it sounded pretty darn hilarious in my head ! when you tell someone , i really need to talk , and they end up dominating the conversation ... yes ! and i have absolutely no idea why ... so random ! sometimes my thoughts and emotions don't match ... and i can't seem to do anything about it . example : right now , i'm sad , angry , and in physical pain ... yet the power rangers theme song is playing ... just this morning ... because a few people royally pissed me off before i even really got my day started ... why can't i go back to bed and start over ? ... feel better ! ! ! i hate racism ! no ... like i really do . i don't care who it's coming from or what group it's drected to .. it needs to stop , or at least not happen around me . i'm sick of it . i'm sick of ... those dogs are absolutely beautiful ... i must have one .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fVDGu82FeQ i've heard that flaky scalp can be due to a ph imbalance ... after you shampoo your hair , you could try an apple cider vinegar rinse . pour some in a large cup and pour it over your scalp while you're ... lullabyblossom - i see your charlie and raise you the autotuned one ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8xAeBOAC8U i'm on my lunchbreak , eating a bag of nutter butters ... when i reach in and pull out ... double-decker nutter butter , ftw ! ! ! : shocked : i'll be 24 on wednesday ... but people still mistake me for a high schooler ... yeesh .. at first i thought you had one freakishly long eyelash ... lol i never get tired of this ... lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP0GcBAwB6E oh , and the ad for kung fu panda 2 on youtube's home page is utterly hilarious to me ! ... for several reasons ! random share : i often face palm or cover my eyes when i'm on the phone and say something awkwardly or wrong because i'm horrible at speaking off the top of my head to people i don't know ... :D i have so much respect and admiration for stay-at-home moms ! especially in this day and age . i think it's terrible that people look down on those women ... and there's no reason to ! stay-at-home moms ... hey , if neither of us finds anyone within the next year and a half ... whaddya say ? ! :p roud : haha .. i love you , i love who i am when i'm with you , and i could sit and talk with you for hours because you're so weird and i love every bit of it ! oh , don't get me wrong . i'm actually elated that we didn't get married . i know now that i would have been totally miserable , and in turn , i would have made him totally miserable ... and for that , i ... dear stranger in public : stop spitting random sentences to me every minute and a half regardless of the fact that i'm giving you one word / line answers and my body position is one that is closed ... my mom used to think it was a passing phase when i was 12 and told her that i wanted to get married when i was 21 . i think when my tune didn't change as i got older , she took me more seriously . i've ... the cliche stuff has its place , of course ... but yeah , when it becomes too common place ( if it didn't start out that way ) it strikes me as not being genuine , or like you're covering up for ... i'm a hopeless romantic , but not in the cheesy flowers and candy sense . i deeply desire a strong , intimate , lasting connection , bond , and commitment with someone . always have ... to be candid , ... you're right , what makes you fall in love is what makes you fall in love ... it's part of who you are as a person . i was just saying that there's the factor of choice involved also . you have to choose ... i am so emotionally starved , and have been for well over a year now . these superficial relationships and interactions that i'm forced to endure are terribly unsatisfying and extremely frustrating ... i don't believe in love at first sight . that's pretty much just an extreme attraction and desire to get to know someone because something about them draws you to them . however , i don't believe ... i would go back to me as a freshman in high school and tell myself that there's no reason to feel inferior to the rest of the idiots in this school . it's not worth it ! and i would tell myself that i ... don't know if this has been posted or not , but i get a supreme kick outta this ! ... lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3k5oY9AHHM '