' 1 . is this true for other intp women ? what about you ? i've never met another intp woman . i could never have sex outside of a serious relationship ( marriage ) , for religious as well as personal ... me neither . :( savor the moment and watch the flashback . new question : do you consider yourself ( or intjs in general ) to be enigmatic ? and if so do you do it consciously or unconsciously ? lol ! i think i'm being to love you guys . come over to the dark side , the stars are beautiful here . actually this is the internet . but thank you for revealing your geographical location . stalking will commence in 3 , 2 , 1 ... i know an intj and his also smiley and laughy . it didn't seem to match with online profiles , so i wondered . : happy : i smile all the time ! when no one's looking . :) ha ha ! funny clip ! both gifs i found equally terrifying however . : tongue : i'll have to look into it sometime . :) thank you ! i've never seen any austin powers movies , are they anything like james bond ? thanks for leveling ! for the record i knew ( well , was 85 % sure ) that you were just playing , and i was playing too when i said i was scared . still reminds me of my sister , though . ah childhood ! ... lol . i'll never tell ! actually that sounds a lot like something my esfj sister would do . do you ? : unsure : you're scaring me . : shocked : so you do smile ? : happy : fair enough . do intjs ever smile and laugh ? are intjs as intimidating as online profiles suggest ? when you feel like an outsider even in a community of self-proclaimed outsiders . still trying to work out a method . sunlight seem to help , though . prayer too . * dies from cuteness overload * not sure . but it is fun , especially when they catch on . allow the error of their ways to catch up to them . either the billboard or the crayons , imo . but i don't know you so i'm not sure how you'd like to perceive yourself . * huuugg * there , there . accidents happen . the little critter probably died instantly and felt no pain . i love animals too . cry all you need to . * more hugs * * gives you hot tea and cookies * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP4NMoJcFd4 he ( infp ) got into my head and is still there . he also has no idea i exist . we just had our 4 year crush-iversary on thursday . alas , i fear it's not to be ! maybe if we gave them more raisins ... * sneaks more raisins in the box when nobody's looking * i must try this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NO5GxJqlCAA if i might add one ... monty theobroma http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TGbIAban14 just a few minutes ago , also not by choice . : laughing : lovely day though . sounds vaguely familiar . not since i was a kid . apparently there is . : rolleyes : but i was referring to the frozen treat . join us ! we have snow cones . http://www.brides.com/blogs/aisle-say/wedding-dessert-shave-ice-450.gif both . but i've seen more star trek . at first i wondered if you were joking . but as you claim you are not , and have not deviated from your persona , i believe you . my interest is sincere . i believe in sincerity . i also believe in ... that is very interesting . i do not think many could continually communicate in that way . when did you begin speaking so ? also , what would be an inappropriate reaction ? beauty is in the eye of the beholder . if we are awesome it is becauce you concider us so . tell your intp what you like / admire about him / her . also we like to be concidered unique , intelligent , and ... you're welcome . thank you for being willing to answer . you are certainly an individual . why do you concider formality important ? i've been hoping somebody would say that ! * awkwardly blushes and tries not to look at male strippers * when is the last time you were out in the sunlight ? i have seen similar things . i feel your pain . yet another question : why do you always sign your name ? fascinating ! another question : why do your friends call you young money ? sorry if you've answerred this before but i don't hang around the estj forum much . ha ha ! yes , blackmail can be a very useful tool . :) question : why does your signature say you will be a intj in 2021 ? from what i have observed most of life happens after 30 . maybe ask your 40 year old friends . you're young yet . just eat your rain bran and stare deeply into her beautiful eyes . * lights candles , dims lights * shhh ... if we're real quiet maybe maust and grandmaster yoda will fall in love over a romantic bowl of raisin bran . : lovekitty : i didn't realize you were joking . i'm glad . what you said reminded me of people i used to know . people i used to be afraid of . yes , your story was funny ( mostly ) , and i appreciate it . i ... what you call me is up to you , i'm an adult . but my point was little kids should be treated differently . '