' kinda funny revisiting this thread and realizing that what i had wanted to feel was not the same thing as what the thread was about . i only know this because i actually did feel that crazy ... i'm a gemini , but there are as many stereotypes about the type that don't fit me as there are that do . i only identify as a gemini in the sense that i like the concept of the dual nature - which ... i've been wondering the same thing , honestly ! been feeling extremely isolated lately due to approaching my mid - 30s and realizing suddenly that all my friends are significantly younger than me ( read : ... i collapsed after i made it a couple of days ago , so didn't get to post until now , but i made it ! :D pulled a 7000 + word day at the end there out of sheer desperation . ( the 26th was the last day i ... never feel bad about saying no to sex . if he can't take no for an answer , then you've certainly seen his true nature and don't have anything to gain by keeping him around . no decent person should ... makes complete sense to me ! that's actually the thing that got me started pursuing this in the first place . i suspect that as they get more rounded out between all the functions , infps and istjs move ... thanks ! i didn't catch the second link before when i was searching . the first i have seen , but it's a little different directly asking for input from more people . :) aaaahhh , thanks ! it definitely helps , especially seeing an istj doing something that seems very stereotypically infp ! not that infps have a monopoly on such things , obviously - it's just the sort of ... i know that fi is a less preferred cognitive function to istjs , but it's still there beneath the surface . as an infp , i'm fascinated by istjs ; we share the same functions , but with different ... i tend to get the people around me who matter to either do the mbti themselves or get them to share the results they've already gotten themselves . beyond that , it depends on how well i know the ... i got out of a long up-and-down relationship with an infj a few months ago . we were rocky from the beginning and it never stopped being that way . i too felt manipulated into staying multiple times ... always and forever a fan of high quality disney - and often some of the lesser quality ones as well . yes , of course there are still problematic issues embedded within them , but there's a certain ... i've fallen slightly behind ( i still have about 3k words to write today to catch up , so it's not bad ) but wanted to check in and see how my fellow infps were doing . ^ _ ^ sitting on 23k here ! hope you're all doing well ! i'm hanging around the average still myself ; just got to 10k ! :D you need to play more bioware games ! mass effect and dragon age are my lifeblood for that . ( especially dragon age . ) kotor 1 and 2 are also somewhat in that vein . well , nanowrimo is more about getting the words on the page . the finished product will require editing and such regardless , so view nano as a guideline moreso than the end of the journey . :) definitely grew up with this mentality ; us being family and them being everyone else . no matter how much i open up to others , it always comes back to that in the end . no one else can be trusted ... i'm more of a short story writer myself , so i'm more than a little nervous about this myself . kindofblue 06 you could possibly get an outline down and research after ... or maybe research before the ... going to do this for the first time myself this year . :) i don't know if i'll make it to the end due to really heavy rl commitments , but i will make a dent in this story . good luck , fellow infps ! i'm curious what the infp community thinks of smite ( moba in closed beta ) , since you get to play mythological figures ( technically gods , but when you start calling arachne a goddess , the definition's ... well good , as long as you're being grounded about the whole thing , then that's okay . just didn't want you getting hung up on someone who may not be right for you ... or might be and isn't willing to ... me too . i have gotten grief for not trying all possibilities of playthroughs , but i don't really care . i just can't play a person who isn't empathic . and proud of it ! or . i shall be doing even more research on infj / infp relationships because i seriously cannot live without this man in my life and we're too close to pull off a normal ( read : more distant ) ... if a relationship is toxic and you know it's toxic , no matter what it started out like , you need to get out . it's especially hard with that first love ; infps seem to be pretty good at selling ... the first few chapters of chamber of secrets are up . :) if you're having problems with that , then you probably need close friends who understand you better for who you are . just my two cents , though . ... i vote he stays . : laughing : best use of that song i've ever seen . ;) is this a euphemism for something ? i wish jk rowling was an infp , since i can relate to her so well ! but she's so meticulously organized , i really think she's either infj or an incredibly disciplined infp . looking back , this interpretation was one of many possibilities and ultimately wasn't the right match . i wanted to believe that this was just another case of overlooking the obvious , but that didn't ... so you're saying that you entertain a number of guests often ? u200b ( someone had to say it ! ) this is why infps excel at romance ( in an idealized sense ) - we are playful and sincere and downright okay with being silly ! how many people are missing that from their lives ? : | both ! after all , you can go with your gut and things may still not go swimmingly . there's no guarantee that going with your gut with lead you into a good situation . however , not trusting your gut ... now there's a tour guide to remember ! this post brings the word bodice to mind for no particular reason . yes , because you realize that it doesn't matter about how anyone else perceives the world ; it's okay for you to be slightly off-beat and take things as you do . plus , it's easier in some ways that ... but ... but ... you're a lone wolf . isn't that the point ? : confused : go with the flow , basically . :) and know that you're ( likely ) in safe hands . :D this thread has dinosaurs in it now ? even better ! : saying things like that among fellow infps is waving a red cape at the bulls . we have all inevitably felt like that at least once ... true enough , but still , i am happily taken . ^ _ ^ i just like the warm fuzziness of this thread . two adorable intjs ? seriously , the female infps should be all over this . ;) kaleidoscope : i'm not available as a match ; i just have an appreciation of intjs . :D it's adorable ! :p roud : : that is ultimately the point i aspire to reach . now if you'll excuse me , i have a box of tissues here that needs pruning ... * blinks * * double checks to see who posted this * * arches a quizzical eyebrow * aren't you a little idealistic for a rational ? : wink : * flees the area , but takes the popcorn with her * none of that ! this is a happy thread . and slightly disturbing sometimes . but mostly happy ! * gets out the cough syrup and chicken soup , dragging both to the milkshake corner * this thread is amazing because we have infps bouncing off the walls , then they suddenly get self-conscious . then the other infps swoop in to reassure them that they're okay , because that's what we ... you have the power of snoopy on your side . seriously , who can resist snoopy ? papoy ? : cool : '