' i would say that john from homestuck is either an isfj or an esfj . also pretty sure jane from homestuck is some kind of isfj as well when i really think about it . i would say that john , jake , and karkat from homestuck are likely to be esfj as would ryujii bon suguro from blue exorcist could be . i also think it is likely that the eagle bomber from bomberman ... isfj here who really likes drawing and doodles in class a lot . according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 4.83 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.44 , ... well , i have really gotten obsessed with tumblr and certain series like blue exorcist / ao no exorcist ( hell , i'm pretty obsessed with some of the characters such as mephisto and amaimon ) . also really ... hiro is intp . tadashi comes off as infj . gogo had an istp vibe to be honest . honey lemon is some kind of ne-dom , probably entp . wasabi is intp and probably a phobic 6 . themysteriousmrenter ( from animated atrocities ) really comes off as an intp , maybe infp . also probably some kind of type 5 or 6 core too now that i think about it . https://33.media.tumblr.com/bd58ad63647a411c394e29985e06ed30/tumblr_n9kjxmBs151qfjqf7o1_500.gif mephisto pheles from blue exorcist is best entp . mephisto is love , mephisto is life ~ agreed ! she definitely came off as esfp to me . cronus , i would say is an unhealthy estp , probably either 3w4 , 4w3 , 7w6 , or 7w8 sx / sp . i don't see how eridan is a type 2 at all . always kinda came off as a 4 or 6 to me to be honest . leaning towards a cp 6w5 if anything ~ social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... john egbert : isfp ~ rose lalonde : intj ~ dave strider : istp or estp ~ jade harley : enfj ~ karkat vantas : esfj ~ aradia megido : infj , intp , or istp . kinda reminds me a bit of amaimon from blue ... eridan was a intj 4w5 - cp6w5 - 8w7 sx / so i'm surprised nobody talked about arthur or amaimon yet ... i'm pretty sure amaimon is an ixtp of some sort . and probably some kind of 583 or 584 trifix of some sort ( pretty sure he has 5w4 and 8w9 ... blue exorcist : rin ~ esfp cp 6w7 - 8w7 - 4w5 sx / sp yukio ~ ixfj 1w9 - 6w5 - 3w2 so / sp shiemi ~ isfj or infp 9w1 - 2w1 - 6w5 sp / so mephisto ~ entp or entj 7w6 - 4w3 - 9w8 sx / so amaimon ~ ixtp 8w9 - 5w4 - 3w4 sx / sp or ... so , anyone wanna type ao no exorcist / blue exorcist characters ~ type 7 can't have a 4 wing . they can only have either 6 or 8 as a wing ~ which wing ~ i relate to a the most and b the least ~ i relate a lot more to 4w3 than i do to type 2 to be honest ~ i relate more to esfp or xsfp ~ i also talk really loud ~ people say i am bousterious and very expressive as well ~ i am pretty sure i am an s type . not sure if sj or sp but i definitely talk fast and loud ~ steven universe comes off as an enfp . also , shirbon / bomberman from bomberman jetterz is also xnfp material . onto bomberman characters , i think mujoe and eagle bomber from bomberman generation ... i can't see elsa as a t , let alone a ti-dom at all . elsa , from what i remember exudes fi , almost to the point of being an fi-dom ( ixfp ) . the song let it go sounds like elsa in inferior te mode and ... can you guys also help me with enneagram too ? i think my trifix is a 479 sx / sp , but not sure what the order is ~ i can not see myself as a vegetarian to be honest ... i like meat too much . i stay neutral on the meat industry to be honest . can someone help me figure out my type ? here are some of my traits : · i have aspergerx 92s and i am rather socially awkward at times . · ix92m rather spacey . basically i space out a ... you know , i kinda see elsa as an fi-dom to be honest . don't get me wrong , infj does sound like a possibility for her , but i thought that the song let it go ! and the scenes for that , were when she ... the hero : esfp . usually more value driven ( fi ) ratehr than reason driven . enfp and estp are also good possibilities . the lancer : intj or istj . estj or entj is also pretty much likely . the smart ... well , my fave book is pretty much a clockwork orange by anthony burgess . i also really wanna see the movie okay . i also like shakespeare's stuff if i get to perform it in class and act it out . :D ... esfp tumblr deviantart fanfiction.net youtube personality cafe google suzy-the-chaos-lord.tumblr.com yes , this is my blog , but i am not sure if i am mistyping myself to be honest . you know , i always wanted to try doing this thread you know , because , well , i tend to notice that some personalities tend to be more present on some sites compared to others ... and considering that i ... i'd say meenah is either an estp or entj . possibly estj but i see way more se / ni than i do si / ne ~ i always saw kurloz as an inxj of some sort . he's kinda like russia from hetalia . not sure if unhealthy infj or intj in an ni-fi loop ( which is what russia is ( also , he's a 4w5 - 8w9 - 5w4 sx / sp ) ) ~ self-preserving moves to sexual for example , the self preserving subtype considers a mate as an essential need to maintain and insure security . therefore , when in search of a mate the ... meenah is not an fe dom . i'd say she's an entj . also , i'd say mituna is an esfp believe it or not to be honest ~ welp , my tumblr is appartently isfp accoriding to typealyzer , but i'm pretty sure i'm an exxp type of some sort ~ besides esfp , i'd say any fe user unless infereior is pretty damn talkative . exfj's , extp's , ixfj's , and esfp are the most talkative from what i have experienced . you know , i was maybe thinking kankri might be an entp trying to come off as an exfj . he doesn't seem like an fi / te user at all in all honesty . his fe is really immature and he does bend the rules at ... i see john as more of an fi rather than fe user as well . now that i think about it , he's probably an esfp or maybe even an isfp . what about the beforus trolls ? i'm pretty sure the vast majority ... england isn't an isfj . he uses ni / se far more than si / ne , which either makes him an xnxj or an xsxp . however , i can see why one would think he's a ti / fe user rather than a te / fi user . i'd say he's ... yeah , i'm pretty sure greece is intp 5w4 - 9w1 - 4w5 sp / so . did i get any of these accurate though ? ~ i'll do some more characters okay ~ austria ~ intj 1w2 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so hungary ~ isfj 8w9 ( integrating into 2 ) - 2w1 - 6w7 sp / sx switzerland ~ istj ( strong fi ) 6w5 ( cp ) - 1w2 - 4w5 sp / sx ( like romano , he's ... anyone else wanna try typing hetalia characters ? my thoughts on they types ~ italy ~ enfj ( he comes off as an fe-dom for sure , and he comes off as an ni / se user . i know he's not your stereotypical ... this is interesting . i do think that dirk is likely an unhealthy entp but now that i think about it , he might be an unhealthy 7 with a cp 6 wing that is disintergrating into 1 . why i think he might ... mordecai ~ isfp rigby ~ esxp ( not sure if he has overdeveloped fe or is an esfp . i wanna say probably an estp but esfp is also really likely ) muslceman ~ overly obnoxiously annoying estp high five ... dirk reeks of ti / fe , not te / fi . he might be an xstp type of some sort but honestly , he gives me this xntp vibe ~ am i the only one who thinks that cronus might be an estj ? he does seem to have inferior fi and yeah , i don't think he's n at all to be honest , as i don't see much ni in him , just badly developed ne ... for sp's in general , i would say maybe 468 ( in any order ) , especially for xstp's would be likely . istp : 458 459 468 478 358 378 '