' i would say it is more disturbing then scary for some reason . also i do like your avatar , valiums , i don't know why but it's ... entrancing . i think its scary that i agree with every word you have said or is that just sad .. either i just wantg you to know that you are not alone ... and also if you feel like the ' loneliest ' person in the ... i know how you feel , ive been in a similar position a few times with my family , i try to stay away from everyone but then im called rude for being antisocial or something similar , but when i force ... username : it is a name of the devils on a circle of hell in dante's inferno , part of the devine comedy trilogy . i like it because its dark and most people would not recognise the name ... ha now that makes me want to meet an intp girl .. all the girls i know are either istjs or esfjs or therabouts barney intp ? so crazy that it just may work : crazy : taoism - intp this applies to me soo much that i had to double check to see if i did actually write it :p roud : im 23 and i just got my licence . ive been at my job for about 2 and a half years with a 2 hour commute walking / catching 2 buses , i liked being able to read and listen to music . now that im driving ... just want to mix the gin and sink into oblivion do you want to jam out with your clam out and i'll hang out with my wang out ? : wink : intp - fight club - braveheart - donnie darko - anchorman - starship troopers - 300 - sin city - iron-man id go for my oppisite esfj i think life would just be much easier , more simple ... but then id have to part with my massive pness so mabye not ... : laughing : yea i do this all the time , i cant help it .. : wink : ha , i can just imagine a world full of ivory towers ' i mean that in the physical and metaphorical sense , with nobody actually bothering anyone or being bothered just each individual on there own ... yea im in a similar boat so i would also like to know if there is any point starting a relationship if its doomed to fail ... : unsure : i agree with moon , coffee coffee coffeee : crazy : yea i can read people fairly well , its easier with people i know but i can still read most people who i just meet , so i can most of the time tell if someone is lying to me or if they are faking an ... more like divine justice .. : tongue : yea im a gamer like the rest of ya here , ive got pretty much most consoles except the xbox and 360 im not saying that i beleive in platos theory of all we see as just shadows such as the cave theory , im just entertaining the idea of there being a greater ... essence ( for lack of a better word ) to ... yea i do it without even realising that im hurting their feelings , later i found out that they are annoyed at me and i have no idea why : tongue : i think a lot of people just cant handle the ... yea im interested in all kinds of philiosophy :p roud : this whole theory comes from the ' plato's cave ' idea ( look it up if your not familiar its fairly interesting ) and that we cannot really be sure if what we see is what is really there like the shadows ... lol , well it does say mr cafebot swings both ways ... thanks and thanks well could you do me a huge favour and change my name from leeroy 1 to malebranche please , i feel like something darker ... malebranche - translates to evil claws - used by dante in dante ' inferno ... how can i change my avatar name to something else ? intps dont get lost , they are always where they choose to be ( even if that may be in the middle of nowhere and without the knowledge of how to get back ): bored : fight club donnie darko anchorman braveheart ah .. gravity , i hate that guy , hes always pushing people over a pick down line ? : mellow : is that like going up to someone in a bar and trying to reject them before they try to pick u up or something its ok : happy : the first step is admitting it that sounds like a pick up line lol especially with the wink : laughing : ive heard about it but i havnt and dont want to watch it , a friend of mine has watched it twice though , very sleazy man lol i was thinking of changing my name to malebolge , but mabye thats a little too serious being a level of hell , according to ' dante ' i think it sounds cool though :p roud : ha intjs , crazy kids going on killing sprees ... id say them or isfj's actually ha .. im sure you will love my pic then ' coffee is god ' ... lol leeroy is my almost name ( what i would have been called if my dad got to name me , ha he loses ) define what you mean by hero ? as in a good person . ? because i find that a lot of young lass's go for the bad boys , they say they want a nice guy ( stability and safety ) but they still go for the ... id put squall more as an intp , i could usually relate to him ha i like that curiosity - a chronic disorder for which there is no cure . hah choice between absolute truth or the search for it , my thirst for knowledge would not permit me to not choose to descover absolute truth in an instant even though i may regret it later because ... he is leroy with one e ive got two e's so obviously completely different , but what jenkins did id probably do anyway ha whats this concept of socialising ? ... lol nah im usually not that shy and can pretty much talk to anyone , but i always have that introverted voice , like a tiny devil / angel ( not sure which ) on my ... hello and welcome myself , well i am the new and improved leeroy , now with 25 % more class sagittarius and rabbit red , than black ( if it can be counted as a clour ) heh , i agree with that little poem , but alas we have to do these things eventualy , i just cant be bothered doing them straight away ( eg . work stuff ) , but yes ive been called lazy many a time which ... i read in an intp portrait that we would enjoy listening to classical music , having never really listened to the stuff im now thinking i may give it a shot and try but my question is do any of you ... '