that's exactly how it is for me . i'm finally starting to grow out of it though , i think a lot of people can be like that until their early-mid twenties . i would eat it and ask for another . i went for my first run monday ( 2 1/2 miles ) and run again today . it actually wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be . you should never give an enfp a dare because 99 % of the time we'll do it . i'm an enfp and i'm getting the urge to just get up and travel again . i'm better with computers than anyone i know even though i don't have any formal education in them . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEz8N8AT-yo we'll hug you for way longer than you're comfortable with if you're not an enfp . i'm feeling a little spacey today so i picked dreamy . getting ready for class . i usually can't remember my dreams : sad : berzerk . deathnote . cowboy bebop trigun code geas bleach ghost in the shell : stand alone complex orlando d'angoulême thor of beijing more of a spirit than a vampire , wandering the orient in search of a lost love . i love being an nf and wouldn't trade it for anything in the world . ( cept maybe world peace ) i'm 5 ' 11 and a solid 175 . my friend convinced me to run a half marathon with him though and we start training tomorrow , so i'll prob lose some weight . i like running and playing basketball though , it ... everyone in my family thought i was going to go to college for computers . i'm pretty good with them , i can fix almost anything wrong with them , set up networks , build them , etc ... i told them though ... i'm an enfp and i will start rocking out at any given moment . you should never give an enfp an idea to do something risky . children of bodom youtube - silent night , bodom night - children of bodom 2w3 . the helper describes me pretty well . bone broke by the white stripes youtube - the white stripes - bone broke you'll make our day . they'll instantly love you . it's not that , i'm just going through a huge transitional period in my life right now . i've had to change a lot of things about myself the last two years , and even though i know they're the right ... listening to music . i'm an enfp and i wish that i could figure out women . the only problem with that is sometimes i don't know what i believe anymore . yeehaw cause i thought it was awesome . i don't know if it's impossible for me to gain self confidence , but i'm very sensitive to what other view and think of me . it's something i really hate and wish i could change . i go out of my way to ... i'm an enfp and i can never make up my mind . my step dad did two tours also , god bless you man . listening to music enjoying the weekend . you should never give an enfp an ultimatum . i'm an enfp and i wish i could tell her how i really feel . july 3rd , cancer . i'm trying to put together a trip to go somewhere today , maybe the pine barrens or the shore . i'm an enfp and i wish everyone would just follow my lead . there might some biological limitations to the baby making and what not , but as far as lesser known works go i really liked the sword of shannara and the dark tower series ( i find many traditional ... addictions counseling impatient for class to end today so the weekend can begin . i'm a huge fan of sci-fi and and fantasy . harry potter , lord of the rings , dragonlance , dresden files , etc ... you should never give an enfp 2 minutes to choose what they want to eat in the store , at least 5 are needed . that right there . i would be vicious from cowboy bebop . http://www.free-computer-wallpapers.com/pictures/albums/Anime-wallpaper/Cowboy_Bebop_pictures_4.jpg playing modern warfare 2 . i agree 100 % i've gone through a lot in my life , and survived a great many things . my whole mentality though has been that everything will work out , and it always has for me . there were a couple ... what would you liked to be changed into ? unfortunately i still worry about what people think of me : frustrating : talked to my mom about what i wanted for my birthday . lmao , that's great . you shoulda took one of those ' easy ' buttons from staples and imitated a paladin .