the highly sensitive person religion and politics are big areas of life so it's understandable to see posts about them . i don't feel the board is overrun with them though , there are a handful of religious posts in the first 6 ... that's why i say you should do more research and understand what all the letters really mean . then you don't need to read any descriptions , you will know your own type through scientific observation ... i usually start drinking at 6pm on friday and keep partying until very early sunday . i love to go clubbing and lose myself on the dance floor until the sun comes up . normally i'll find some willing ... this . it feels like the op is upset as they don't seem to be able to find their own type . mbti is so much more than just doing a test and getting a result and pigeon-holing yourself . you have to ... i think a lot of people don't really know the true meaning of sarcasm and confuse it with banter . i just read a report that said more people are getting killed by text related driving accidents than drunk driving related . expect it to be banned soon as it already is in some european countries . ... an easy thing to try is to breath to a slow count . in for 4 , pause at 5 , out for 4 pause at 5 . the more you do it the slower you will breath and be able to count longer . it's the pause after ... if you can't work for others work for yourself . your intellect can surely figure something out . i don't really agree with anything she said . the time to make your life what you want it to be is now , regardless of age . some of her stats were pointless as well , can't remember what it was but it ... quite amazed as to how accurate this is to my playing style . when i was around , um , 12-13 i was the best player in the school chess club and if it was obvious that i was going to win a match i'd ... if you excite us we will be exciting if you bore us we will be boring . we are like personality mirrors . i'm not sure about it being linked to being an infj as my sister actually had worse anxiety for a while and she is quite opposite from me in terms of personality . perhaps it's in the genes ? ! when ... i've had mild social anxiety but it's never really affected my life to a great degree and have managed to get over most of it with age . eating in public doesn't bother me now for example , whereas 10 ... nope , that doesn't work . i've moved , how do i move / delete my previous marker ? over the phone , no way jose . face to face is a different story , i've worked in a department store working the floor and people seemed to trust me quickly , probably because i do genuinely want them to ... depends who it is . i've done my fair share of friend removal so it doesn't really bother me if i'm dropped by someone . unless it's someone in my inner circle then i'd be a bit upset but that's never ... that's a shame , seems she's rather immature then . i resisted getting a smartphone for ages then my gf bought me one and i was like this is the best thing ever ! i can leave it alone during a film though i'm not that bad . i don't have a data plan so i ... in secondary school my history teacher would walk around the class wielding a short rubber pipe . if you answered a question wrong he would slam it down onto your desk . needless to say no one would ... what do you find helps drive you to get through the week ? what do you find recharges your batteries ? as an example , yesterday i sat on a rock in the forest for about 25 minutes just listening and ... if their core values or behaviour was hurtful to other people then yeah i'd be trying to change that . i'm not going to sit idly by while someone is hating on someone else . i also approve . may the beard be with you . i'd love to be able to grow a real beard , i've never been especially hirsute and my facial hair is somewhat lacking in terms of bushy thickness . ... it means the olive branch is being held out . you have a short time in which to grab it . long story short , or as short as i can make it understandable ... i had a friend who let me down in a ... i think it's very interesting . we can figure out what their mistakes were and what contributed to their successes . we can learn not to make the same mistakes and we can replay their successes in a ... no . i agree that this feels passive-aggressive . you are basically emotionally blackmailing her to contact you if you do this . quite simply , let her be alone . there is nothing you can do here ... in a group situation the last person eating is always myself no matter how fast i tell myself that i'm chomping . much to the annoyance of myself as people generally don't wait on the slow poke to ... tekkonkinkreet - one of the best films ever , anime or not . oldies but goodies - akira . ( timeless classic , the anime that defined anime . ) ninja scroll . ( my favourite film when i was a teen , until ... yes , their cold , calculating brutality would offset our caring quite nicely . infj ninjas would be awesome by the way . we'd definitely be among the last standing , if not by ninja fighting skills ... i have keyboard cat . if you find yourself naturally talking about philosophy one minute and the possibility that 1 + 1 does not have to equal 2 in every dimension in the next you can be pretty sure you're face to face with ... well , first of all being over 30 may seem like a long way off if you're around 20 or so , but it comes fast ! so standard clichés apply - make the most of every day . i know you don't want to go out and ... i've not read the whole thread but thought i'd share my own thoughts and experiences ... from the age of around 17 i smoked hash / weed for 9 years almost daily . during that time i was around what ... it seems to have affected western / american people a lot from two points ; these kind of things are meant to happen in far-away , foreign countries , not in their own country . and the press coverage . at ... lol ! yeah we were all pretty calm . only thing that would have happened is that i would have been fined for possession as it was my car . it was under the driver's seat , so they didn't really search ... the only times i've left a conversation that abruptly is if the other person says something that shows them to be a bigot , racist , ass-hole etc . and that has only happened in bars with drunk idiots ... if he smelled weed outside the car surely he has no right to search inside the car for it ? edit : police used that excuse on me and my friends once because someone in the back was smoking a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZs-e_x0PGM lolsnaps.com - guide to understanding the introverted ... my gf who is also an infj often says ' we need to tidy the apartment ' , i look around and it's all her mess ! i point out the discrepancies in her use of ' we ' . i'm tidy and my stuff has its place and ... i'd say number 3 is the oldest . can i join mensa now ? i'm getting a gut feeling that he really enjoyed the social life previously and he's all too conscious that it's different now , that things are changing . his safe nice little world is falling apart ... speechless . : laughing : struggling . while this is true to some extent , at the end of the day only you can make the changes in your life you wish to happen . why sit and wait for someone else to tell you to do it ? ! take control of your ... yes , i totally relate to this . i think it's our general air of calm and gentleness that makes people assume we are all lovely and would never hurt a fly . bit random this but i remember once back ... i'd like to try living off the grid but not if there was an overtly religious reason along side it . other people can be as religious as they want as long as it doesn't encroach into my life . so in ... as seinfeld might say , it looks like you've got yourself a boyfriend ! but leaving a suit jacket behind ... that makes the suit legs useless ... :/