' my father does that , the fact that i've been reading about the subject for weeks doesn't matter at all . 1.interrupting my thoughts . 2.repeating . 3.why do you wanna stay home ? 4.why are you depressed ? but you didn't even tell me about any problems ! * anti-joke chicken * oh , i like that a lot ! i actually enjoy it but sometimes it's just annoying . i like intjs , enfps , entps , and infjs as romantic partners . i also think my favorite as friends are infps ( two of the closest people to me are ... who said intjs can't be good at martial arts ? ! i was named national judo champion twice as a teenager . i liked reading non-fictional books better than i liked toys or cardboard games . one game i used to play was about putting the world map on my room's wall and start choosing random countries to ... i hate chess because i don't have the patience . i believe in god . i've become a bit lazy . i lost sight of the big picture and my dreams which is probably the reason why i'm slightly ... haha , is he masturbating ? for some reason i think estps would make small-time villains . this is probably the most random video i've ever seen , but it's even funnier than the original . covering her mouth can sometimes mean that there's something she doesn't want to say but not necessarily a lie , i've noticed glimpses of happiness too . she's probably faking it , any idea why would ... it's bad in a funny way , i could never imagine myself crying for cats or anything for that matter . eharmony video bio - youtube i think she's an esfp , anyway i actually laughed while seeing the video . exactly , grey is more interesting and unpredictable than white / black . i'd like to read that when he's finished . my infp friend is writing a novel and he decided that he's going to create the villain's character based on my personality . why do we always get to be the villain ? we're intjs , we already have this ability . i'm just curios , how do you know he's not interested ? when you never look at the camera . when your best friend is in the same class and you hardly notice . to read and control minds , that was always my fantasy . i don't know what exactly makes people fear us and i've been told lots of times that people who don't know me usually fear me . introverted thinkers usually don't look friendly and inviting , but enfps ... i enjoyed your conversation so much that i actually smiled , can you believe that ? ! intjs : there's a reason why they call us the masterminds / strategists . intjs typically hate spontaneity so sh'e probably an intj . me : intj . ( the asshole genius who doesn't want to spend time with his family ) father : esfp . ( he is always stating invalid arguments and logical fallacies ) mother : istj . ( supportive and helped me build ... i would like it to be in a classy uptown area , 1000 sqm large . and not to forget a secret library as my sanctuary ... chronologically police officer , mechanical engineer , historian , psychologist , economist , and finally a philosopher . what i actually am : mechatronics engineer . i'm not sure if i'm being dumb or are you writing complete nonsense . i've dealt with some enfps ( ex-girlfriend , current best friend ) that tend to have some stuff in common : things i like : 1 - their openness towards new people and new ideas . 2 - how they sometimes can ... i've dealt with some enfps ( ex-girlfriend , current best friend ) that tend to have some stuff in common : things i like : 1 - their openness towards new people and new ideas . 2 - how they sometimes can ... when you think about it you're right anyone who is less than that is better suited for ordinary office work and manual labor , on the other hand we should rule the world . nobody actually likes this photo but me http://personalitycafe.com/members/egsomy-albums-album-title-cannot-empty-picture29852-caption.html i was my country's judo champion back then . the guy that everybody wants to know more about ... when you throw utensils into the garbage instead of putting it in the sink without even noticing ! i don't know but he seems like an introvert . a lot of feelers seem to stay away from me after the first conversation but some of them decide to stay for a mysterious reason . 1.iq = 132 , this means i'm superior but not a genius . 2 . a psychopath doesn't know if he's a psychopath . 3.hidden feelings . 4.religious one right here . 5.sometimes but not always . 6.true ... it is nice to know that i'm not alone.enfp chicks make me feel like a rockstar but they disturb my lines of thought and i hate that ! we'll never know . i wasn't being sarcastic . i don't want people clinging on to me but thanks for your time anyway . i started this thread mainly for these reasons : 1 - plain curiosity . 2 - to maybe find the reason why i seem to attract touchy feely extroverts although i keep on an emotional and physical distance ... what about romantic relationships ? i've taken the mbti test several times and its seems that i'm an intj . i've also noticed that exfxs are attracted to me more than any type . what about you ? my fi comes and goes from time to time.yes some of us can get moody . '