' nice and clear , but a bit too dramatic , though the second one was better . there are a couple of points where with the inflections on the rhyme it sounded like you were rapping , which sounded odd . i can't quite explain way , but i've always thought of him as an entp . ' normal ' is relative . learning a language can take years , let alone two languages , and learning code is time consuming as well . there was never a possibility of becoming proficient at these in 6 weeks ' time . at best you ... irony . no , unless i had the choice of dying if i wished . i think being unable to die is scarier than death . i assume said family member listens to classical music themselves . i only know english but i'm learning french on my own . i want to get lessons eventually to practice speaking / listening . i can read it okayish but they speak it so fast . her reaction may be unreasonable , but isn't it also unreasonable to keep talking about your theories / ideas when you know she doesn't like it ? i read it last year and loved it . i would type him as infj as well . murakami isn't afraid to look at the dark sides of sexuality . why not create your own religion ? was norwegian wood good ? i'm not sure which book of his to read next . wow , that's a coincidence ( from my point of view ): i'm on page 507 . have you read a lot of murakami ? blue is the warmest colour . brilliant . i'd report the post if i were you . zun is one of my favourites and not much appreciated outside of japan , i find . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPRtnFwouzc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkUOMWuENwE jung's work is very good , and mbti is an interesting way of thinking about people , but one man studying individuals and noting patterns is not proof of a fact . nor is it a fact because your ... again , my a b personalities were just an example . my point is that mbti is not fact , but a way of interpreting people , like enneagram of the big five . jung wasn't an omniscient god , as some here seem ... you misunderstand me . i only used social activity to keep the argument simple . if i took the whole context of a type , i would have to say ' like this ' - referring to any type descriptions . your ... people being different is a fact , but mbti , a method of explaining these differences , is theory . your examples are incredibly circular . yes , those typed as esfjs are probably going to have more ... factual how ? i think about what may lead someone to being ' evil ' : their situation , experience , etc . i find erik from phantom of the opera is a great example ( in the book anyway ; i've never watched the plays / ... the castle , kafka the second sex , simone de beauvoir the complete stories of sherlock holmes , arthur conan doyle and i've just bought night's master by tanith lee no , no they weren't . no , it actually becomes quite easy to predict who will die , but i'd recommend it regardless . you need to find new friends . not all guys are idiots who can't think beyond sex and booze . yes , i should have done a large scale government funded study into it before consulting a forum . my apologies . insofar as i'm aware the origins of the enneagram are obscure . but , if i take that for truth , then both the enneagram and your alternative are ridiculous . still , i find it very hard to believe that ... the symbol comes from the theory , not vice-versa . it's a ridiculous idea to change the theory to make a nicer looking symbol . this is why we should not take mbti or jung's theories as fact ; rather we should acknowledge their potential to help us understand individual differences and behaviour . so you started this thread to survive ? you missed a 0 off that percentage . i wouldn't separate ways of thinking so rigidly . can there not be a logic to art . or an art to logic ? i don't think one should assume he uses se just because he's observant . he sees collecting evidence and being able to read people as essential to being a good detective , and he has trained himself to ... eh , it wasn't too bad for me . i find most here to be nice , mature people . and the ice breaker sessions are non-compulsory ( at least they were here ) . cold reading - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i'm not gay , but edmond dantes and dupin . as for females , hermione granger . in the freudian sense it means the sense of self , kind of ( ich , i ) , but nowadays people ( mostly americans i think ) use it to denote one's self-worth . some writers i've been studying at university are incredibly hard to read and understand : derrida , lacan , bhabha are among the most notable examples . bhabha won the bad writing contest for this ... as most will tell you , tests are only an indication at best of your type . you shouldn't let the test define who you are . it doesn't tell you who you are , rather you tell it ( along with the problems ... why would eye colour have any correlation to personality ? for true literary masochists , try reading lacan . here's a paragraph from the instance of the letter : let us note then that aphasias , although caused by purely anatomical lesions in the cerebral ... neither . nothing is inherently good or bad because these are concepts created by us . i'm at university and we can't cite the internet at all . i still use wikipedia as a source of information , though . you can't prove a negative . it's up to the person who made the assertion to provide the proof . i prefer the term unreligious . why the aggressiveness ? it's completely unnecessary . if you put forth your argument in a calm and composed way , people are much more liable to listen . i always thought of introverted judging functions as being subjective ( ti and fi ) and extroverted ones being objective ( fe and te ) . i listen to a lot of touhou and final fantasy music , and various remixes and arrangements thereof . both zun and uematsu are incredible composers . use of capital letters after colons . why ? '