i'm not sure if having a foot for a head would work though , how would you walk ? i rarely run into intp's too , it's even harder if you are a woman . i was the only n in my family , it was horrendous , invasive , noisy and undermining . not one of them understands me to this day . i ... it can be tough going if you are a female intp . i have always been told i am ' too deep ' , then i think too deep for what ? i finally concluded that only a shallow person could say such a thing . the ... my random thought is that my hovercraft is full of eels , and that we should aim for a more pastafarian egalitarian world . are you a kiwi bro ? i look for concreteness with realists and possibilities in intuitive's . doing analytical assessments daily i looked for word choices and meanings . i take into account age gender and likely stages ... i do it with my glasses on my head all the time :) except if they are your sisters and brothers , they will drive you insane with their noise and nosey-ness . true enough , but thinking isn't a strong point for very many people in the word . i do it myself because it's quicker anyway , but shops can be a nightmare of disarray at times . i had a recent event ... speaking as a similar type , with a 5/4 wing , i think it depends on what attracts us . i can be so extremely focussed that i completely forget who is there . but i remember inconsistencies and mood at ... aussie up north too , cooo-eee have lived in townsville too years ago .. bit further south now ... i always bordered on j / p because my study / work required me to be timely . now i just float around ... you are old father time the young man said ... : wink : it's quite easy to get along with everyone . one of the things i adopted when communicating with people , is to use their specific language . it's no different from learning any other language . ... all musics , but little liking for country music ... listen to most things though , as ' self ' expression , but cannot relate to farming lol my favourites are anything that expressing the ' ages ' of our ... intp , 5 with 4 wing born in scotland , age does not matter , philosophy , and paradigms do , as does myth and mythology , phenomenologist at heart , and marxist feminist . everyone contributes to our ...