' human brings are a terrible species who deserve all the destruction coming their way . population control should be practiced throughout the world through incentive programs and propaganda . ... i do not think i can possibly take one more friend of mine telling me that when i first date someone i need to temper myself , hold back the floodgates , only give the appetizer , not be so much ... i have a very religious friend who loves the book however ! every time the f word was used she neatly and perfectly colored a black box around it to hide the world . so as you read it there are all ... please not again . i know that i need to see a therapist . i know that there is absolutely something wrong . i feel all of the internal alarms going off and i somehow plug my ears in an attempt to ignore them . this ... well splish splash ! this is fantastic ! i am downloading this because it will be me one day ! i want to be able to communicate fully with animals . so lately i have been really unsure if i fit the infp or the enfp description . i am very outwardly emotionally expressive . some other things are putting me on the fence here , although the last few ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtLKlB6XcC4 i began to feel the stress of this when i was still in high school . now at 25 i still have no idea ! i have very passionate about certain topics and very naturally inclined towards specific subjects ... i was going to reply to this thread , but then realized that some of the answers to number two were making homosexual me far too angry ! i have been thinking about this a whooole lot recently . i am still unsure how i feel about it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycrhIpd4ZWU&feature=artist dear god i cannot stop listening to this ! ! ! what an absolutely fantastic idea . i would love to know more about your specific cd . i find it very interesting to learn about the special music for individuals . something is changing inside of me colors seem darker in light and i don't know what that means but it's not a good sign you could just add them up then you could memorize prehistoric bones ... rilo kiley - the absence of god the absence of god will bring you comfort , baby and planning's for the poor so let's pretend that we're rich and i'm not my body or how i choose to destroy it ... or a bottle of fantastically yummy buttery chardonnay or silky red wine helps :) but that might nooot be the best advice . i have got a huuuge problem with this myself . terrible anxiety with diagnosed obsessive thoughts . sigh . music is my one true escape . it is the only place i can lose myself and completely enter a ... having my freedom constantly constricted and not being able to do what i want when i want to do it would be my private hell . i absolutely panic at constrictions on me . it might be a big issue in my ... i still look at your facebook profile every single day . since we are not friends and you are private all i can see is some photos of you . that most recent one is really lovely . i always told you ... when i said that one of the reasons i love my cat so deeply is that because unlike most people in my life have done , she will not leave me until she dies , i meant it . my abandonment fear is that ... that was adorable ! squeals . i know i can be so cold , so mean and so blunt . i know this hurts people's feelings but i just cannot pretend like i care anymore . i cannot let people go on behaving as they do and society following ... - blatant selfishness , cockiness and entitlement . - and noises / sounds / scents / textures that overwhelm me . i am very sensitive to loud and / or repetitive sounds like children crying , yelling , sirens , ... i suffer from this a lot . i remember it happened frequently in my childhood . also it seems to happen when i am incredibly anxious . or quite anxious . yup . definitely happens then . i am a master at making animal sounds for people . and this is constantly done in the company of strangers ! i also have recently taken to describing moods , sensations and feelings by colors so ... i do not really believe in anything supernatural or any magical thinking . however . i still cannot help from believing that if i think about her enough and think about the situation positively that ... i would love to have a conversation with you about this . this is fascinating to me and i have quite a few questions to ask and maybe personal things to add ? please private message me if you would ... you know , i just thought about how this is an infp thread . my f and t are very close , so perhaps i am coming from a stronger thinking perspective here . that might be causing some vast differences ... can you further explain this insecurity surrounding lesbians , please ? i have not really heard anyone admit something like this and it is very interesting . no judgments i promise . just curiosity of ... well , i still completely believe in it . using my own experience it rings true . also , psychologically dissecting and weighing said motivation against the possible outcomes and the reasonings for ... you will love someone . you cannot go after love for the sake of love is what i am saying . you fall in love with someone not the concept of love . if you are in love with love and the idealism in ... i just was hoping kate would leave william and run away with me :( it is something that if you go into it wanting it so badly it will not work . i know that was a mistake that i made time and time again . don't do that ! no no ! my luck has not been good at all . i have had six relationships and they all ended very , very badly . i have been quasi involved with a few other girls and still , all badly . i am always dumped or ... okay so i am an mbti infp with a strong t looming in there . as for the enneagram i am a 4w3 . i cannot figure out if i am a sx / so or a so / sx . i am more inclined towards the former , however i still ... i wish i knew . it is something involving writing and my natural intelligences of intrapersonal and interpersonal skills . people automatically open up to me and i can figure them out easily . i also ... oohhh yes yes yes exactly . that fits pretty damn well . also ... robots in disguise ... my arms waving to a 60 ' s hit can we take a trip back to the bathroom i can't stop getting wasted ! haha ! oh yes i know this song ! her voice is original and i am trying to figure out how to describe it . we should talk music , me and you , sir ! oh yes brady ! i saw neko , kelly and jacob together twice now . i am not a fan of him much on his own but as a trio it is nice . i am bias i suppose though since anything neko sings on my heart ... i am going to work on my list but this is the best thread ever ! my two favorite female vocalists are without a doubt neko case and jenny lewis , but i threw my favorite male , josh ritter , in here also to give some balance . these three songs are on a mix of songs ... oh goodness do i ever understand . i cannot actually think of one point in my life when i have not had some current obsession . it generally always is some person . i go through fixations with music ... i spent the majority of my childhood either : 1 . going for adventures with my amazing dog , cuddles , who was my best friend . i would imagine different scenarios for us to be in and we would ... okay and why didn't you plan this out better ? you always offer a different point of view it is so refreshing dear you , i am so enamored with you . everything about you makes my heart zoomzoom and my face ache from smiling . i cannot possibly let this go even though everyone says i must . i promise i will ... people constantly tell me i am : - too intense - too comfortable with my flaws - offer too much of myself / about myself - am too honest and should learn to fake it more for social graces sake - try ... i really love it ! i enjoy everything about it and oddly enough do not get too nervous . of course there is some degree of nervousness but not enough to hold me back . i held three offices in high ... music is so emotional for me . i would venture to say the most joyfully emotional thing in my life . i tried to make a mix cd recently to express my feelings for someone . upon beginning one of my ... yeah about that . i am going to assume that was some sort of lost in translation of text joke . '