' i thought i was going to be active then i stopped going on perc for a few months now . _ . yes . i love sarcasm . i don't believe in cheating . if you lost feelings for the person you are with , just straight up say it . there's not need to head and go do something behind the person's back . whoever cheated on ... i wouldn't say that i'm a flirt , but i can easily talk to anyone , including men . others might perceive me as flirting , but i don't think i am . i guess you can call me a clueless flirt ? i just talk ... a ) inner reactions - definitely keep everything in , then write about it . i almost never vocalize how i am feeling . b ) reactions of others - i scoff and avoid conversations about what i am feeling . ... i'm almost 100 % sure i'm an estj . i like going on this forum , though i have been a bit inactive lately because i've had my days packed to no end . going online is a bit of a respite for me from a ... that's weird because i live on facebook . i tend to use social networking as a platform to build more relationships that i know will probably be useful in the future . that's true . social networking encompasses business networking as well . i never specified that you have to be friends with the people you do business with . i would say build as many weak ties as ... if you think esfj's are rare , estj's are practically nonexistent . i remember all of those :/ sigh my childhood . i agree with the suits . : wink : i agree with this fully ! you never know if the person you met knows someone who owns a company that pertains to the field you specialize in . it also helps to broaden your area of expertise as well ... from my experience of being me , i'm not creative at all . yes . i'm actually only a month and a half from the cutoff for generation y . i literally don't belong to any generation because i'm born in mid-nivember . this means i'm either really young for ... nah , unless there's a whole society up there . ooh wifi is important , too . i need connection to my earthling shows . i should work on my matlab right now . the only image and idea i have of satan is from supernatural . satan was awesome in paradise lost though ; he's my favorite character . toast with nutella . rip m . ferrero . after much frustration of trying to log in and retrieving my password ( with countless error saying my email is not registered ) , i finally found out my account has been deleted . l . o . l . well , i just ... connections , connections , connections . the people you meet will take you places in all fields of expertise . i love dogs , period . i have the whatever happens , happens mentality . the worst things always happen to the best of us . i believe that whatever will happen , just do your best to make the most of your life with the ... exams that are sometimes way too hard for the majority , especially when the topics are something we have never dealt with in class . i'm a second year undergrad student majoring in physiology & neuroscience ( one major ) and minoring in mathematics and philosophy . my goal is to graduate then head to med school . given my horrible sense of directions , i would tell them to google map it , or if they don't have an accessible phone , i will do it for them . you just haven't met the right people . i didn't check this thread in a while and no surprise , all the new photos are hot as well . where are y'all in my life : th_sur : because i am literally part of the cut-off between generations y and z , i can relate to both generations for ' defining ' books , tv shows , and movies . books : harry potter hands down , not even a ... the only reason why you see all the radical feminists online is because if they say the things they say in real life , they are going to get hurt by both feminists and anti-feminists . they will ... this is pretty damn accurate . for the scorpio pig , i fit almost everything . the only thing i don't really agree with is that i tend to welcome conflict instead of avoiding it . woah . the estj one is spot on . when i am actually talking to them about their problems , i don't act cold . i just talk behind their backs saying how irrelevant and stupid their problems may be . i tend not to be cold , i just tend to ... i spent the entire night crying in front of my friends , telling them all the things i am worried and stressed out about in my life . i'd choose touch because touching gives you more pain than pleasure , such as burns , extreme cold / hot weathers , skin injuries , and etc . sight lets me see the world as it is . hearing allows me to ... estj - general surgeon or anesthesiologist thanks ^ _ ^ oh . my . god . i'm so sorry someone did that to you .. hopefully , everything is better now ? that's absolutely adorable :) haha , trust me , none of them were worth the money i lost on that 4 year relationship ... we are talking over $ 13,000 ... [ / quote ] wow ... that's more than my student debt . it's ok , as elsa says , the ... jewelry in any form is not really anything of significant value , it only caters to our materialism . i'm guilty of buying jewelry for myself because even i am a bit materialistic . honestly , you ... i see . all people need to just refrain from jewelry lol . it does us nothing ... i'm sorry :( i hope you find a more deserving girl in the future ! wait , question : could you have returned the necklace ? : o it's ok , we all make choices we think was the right thing to do until we look at it in retrospect :( . think of the necklace as a token for your ex for sharing at least some memorable experiences with ... this is so cute :) i'm glad you had an awesome valentine's for the last few years ! i wish you and your fiance will have many more to come @ ! i went ' awww ' the entire time i was reading this . i wish the us's culture is more geared toward valentine's day being a very inclusive thing , involving family and friends , rather than exclusively ... wow , your ex was a dick :( it's ok , we all have many years ahead of us to create better memories that will hopefully replace your bad memory of valentine's day . i feel you though , nothing beats ... lol wow , anyone reading this thread will probably end up hating estj . nice . anyways , here are characteristics of myself ( both what i believe i am and what other people see in me ): ... lol ... too little estj , i'm not even surprised . i understand . i need to show them i'm not a robot basically , that i am human . i think i type fuck more than i say it . '