' hey enfjs , i have recently met my college dorm mate , and learned he is an enfj . do you have any advice for an entp with an enfj roommate ? what should i avoid doing so i don't tick him off or ... idk the esfj i dated i wasn't actually dating in the conventional sense . we were a couple but it was a very complicated situation . i didn't really get frustrated with her much , because she wasn't ... how to find entps to date 1 . find a pointless internet debate on facebook or tumblr or whatever 2 . ask out the person winning by a landslide that would be me you mean the christian wife thread ? you seem to be assuming that your hypothetical christian women are being forced into marriage with a domineering , arrogant , sexist husband . however , any christian man shouldn't be behaving in that ... it basically comes down to whether you're using ti or fi . i'm by no means an expert , but if you're using ti it will function to evaluate ne ideas , spot logical inconsistencies , stuff like that . the ... no , but you can use train your eyes to be more observant , or to react more quickly , or to improve reading speed . though you cannot improve your vision , you can improve its functionality . in the same ... what methods have you devised , discovered , or theorized to improve ne and ti ( both independently , and i'm conjunction with each other ) ? while you're at it , actually , just throw in any advice you ... that hasn't got anything to do with being entp , it just has to do with being manipulative allegedly , yes . i have not known many of either so i can't speak from experience much not sure if this exists yet , but whatever so a ) wow b ) i almost actually divulged into an explanation of what would probably make her hate you c ) then i realized that doing so would be kind of a completely horrible thing to do d ) then i ... so just like , super deep self-analysis ? short answer : yes , they are . i think the reason for this is that nts in general value logic and reason . pair that with the fact that over the years there have been so many religious leaders ... it seems to me that everybody , myself included , is seeking happiness . of course , happiness is an extremely abstract concept and it's very hard to nail down what exactly it is , or where it comes ... how exactly does one delve into their psyche ? like , do you just start analyzing yourself or is there a specific process or something ? do you have a motto or a one-line life philosophy ? i don't , but i'd be interested to hear what you guys have to say . if you can , please elaborate on why you relate to it / how it has affected ... i'm an english major so yeah . my biggest problem is jumping from idea to idea , not surprisingly . one minute i'm working on a batman comic , the next thing might be a story about if peter pan was evil , ... 110850 does this answer your question ? okay i guess i will have to try to figure out if i'm mostly rational or mostly ethical . you said you thought i was ji dominant , does that mean i'd be an inxp ? i don't really understand all of that but i think i get the gist of it . basically you're saying it depends on whether i use logic through ethics or ethics through logic , right ? so , i have taken many tests over the past months , and i've gotten a lot of different results . most commonly entp , but also other stuff like enfp , intp , and infp . i figured since entp fit me pretty ... yes , i have been carrying on a similar conversation in the infj forum and they are not this way at all . they insist that there isn't anything great about them , almost to the point of being ... this is fascinating because i relate to the future in the opposite fashion , as an open world of possibilities . yes , there are risks , but i'll probably be fine . the potential outweighs the danger for ... ah . what didn't i see that before ? now it all makes sense ... sort of ... what in blazes does this mean ? i know that we entps put a lot of effort into self-improvement and stuff like that . what areas do you find yourself emphasizing most of your efforts to ? what tips / tricks / methods / techniques have ... what would you guys say are your biggest fears ? more of an enneagram issue , but whatever do you find it easier to communicate with entps than other types ? why or why not ? also i noticed you said she would admit she was wrong . that sticks out to me because i hate admitting i'm wrong , ... what was it that made it work ? can you elaborate ? so to what extent have you guys interacted with entps in real life , and what happened ? alright , i'm an entp here , and i don't really know much about isfjs . however , in socionics , entps and isfjs are effectively duals ( a dichotomy that is frequently overshadowed by the entp / infj ... aha now we're onto something . perhaps this is why infjs and entps are supposed to have a good dynamic ; we love to theorize . you mean interested in romantically ? also how do you tell when an infj is interested romantically ? so the best way to earn their trust is to infer their need to be cared about , and be proactive about it then ? so infjs feel a need to be comforted and cared about , but simultaneously feel that admitting that need is selfish ? so how does one get an infj to really trust them ? it must be very hard if you've never gotten that close to someone in person . so i've read that infjs are very reserved and hard to get to know . do you often find yourself asking people questions to learn more about them , or does it require them to make the first move , so to ... helping people also seems to be a big infj thing so it seems like you infjs are very concerned with life purpose and stuff like that . do you guys agree and can you elaborate ? interesting . so would you say you and your fellow infjs have a general lack of respect for society , or do you feel like traditions are usually important , but sometimes hindering ? i know entps really ... they should be categorizable to some degree . personality typing is kind of all about putting people into these 16 categories . so how would you describe an infj in your own words ? that is interesting because i don't believe most entps would consider themselves particularly sensitive . for me personally , i hate showing any deep emotions whatsoever and sometimes i feel like ... as for what entps are like ... basically tony stark . kind of arrogant , snarky , hilarious , brilliant , and eccentric . it's not that i've never met an infj , i just don't know enough about them to say oh , ... i don't care about sports at all , versus basically ... all other american males . seriously . i don't even know who won march madness or whatever it's called ( apparently some team from the yukon has been ... alright , i'm an entp here and the entp / infj dynamic gets really talked up a lot . i've never met an infj , at least not to my knowledge , and to be honest i don't really understand what all the fuss is ... i totally relate to that ! i will usually forget someone's name three seconds after i've met them , or if i'm meeting lots of people , not even absorb them at all . the only way i can remember numbers is ... been down this rabbit hole before but whatever , i'll throw my two cents in ... i'd say the biggest issue with organized religion as it's known today is that it isn't very , well , religious ... '