' when i click on the links for the updated posts , my url shows a blank screen . corporations are not the place for individuals . mass produced minds fit the corporate-human resource commodity model . intj , don't give up , don't surrender . you have the resourcefulness in you ... atheists want scientific rigour and logic applied to religion ; however scientific rigour is missing from its own ideologies namely atheism and scientism , the argument being religion is illogical , ... if a religious faith can be proven by way of scientific method it ceases to be a faith . a testable and provable fact requires no faith to exist or be asserted incontrovertibly . so what would a ... other examples on industry giant google on introducing the other element to robotics , ai to power up the robotics . google buys ai company deepmind after big robotics , home devices acquisitions - abc ... if the robotics mass introduction program is real , then there should be examples of such and projection plans for their introduction , if so then , what's up with google and so on ? google ’ s driverless ... you know you're intj when the debate of ideas means war . the given assumption intj = generally atheist . well we need metrics for this , and do they mean anything as to claim of superior intellect or whathaveyou ? atheism has the value as any other ... in other words being assertive and asserting . citation of cases would be interesting to tell how ouija boards lead to unwanted results , we can learn from experience , right ? i think the question regarding the quality of the faith given out by the congregation is not just determined by the level attention given to its particular members . there is not way for the ... believing on ouija boards is one thing , do they work is the question . yes , communication with spirits , demons and other entities , seeking to use the device to manipulate the users , perhaps there are some stories to fill the gaps on this ? in general terms churches as such are under the umbrella of the federal council of churches and around the world under the world council of churches with a set worldly agenda . some people are ... not ouija boards , but there are other more accurate devices . ouija boards for some reason have a bad reputation at outing intuitive precognition ( divination ) . software applications can be more ... dreamed of living in the outer planets , in a colony ressembling the wild west with high tech . gotta keep the dream journal on hard copy , recollections lasting for about 10 minutes . if people want quality moderation , they need to pay their fees for the time and effort needed to moderate actual debates . for admins , moderating actual debates , not just ordinary posting with the ... speaking of robots taking over , this observation is in regards to darpa , google and other organisations seeking to promote robots and ai to replace humans , despite the record us unemployment , ... the logic of cult of personality is flawed , why not become one's own cult of personality , the only person who doesn't hide things from you . you know you're intj when you release social engineering of society has reduced effect on you . something like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8I8mWG6HlmU if atheists and their like-minded militants didn't harass , there wouldn't be a problem . sounds like a mind-profiler probe ... experience detachment like the buddha , the anger goes away , your neocortex can then compute higher order thoughts . you miss on the repetitive neurosis . i just accept people as they are flaws and ... give me spiritual , i don't get anything out of penny cruz . move along - there is nothing to look , the perpetrator remains at large , there are a number helpful members of the public aiding the police with the investigations . 10 hours , it does sound epic . insecure people are a pest and the best treatment for pest is fumigation with nerve gas , preferably slow acting . don't forget to wax , peel and work out . i know the transhumanists hate and fear , for they are very much human , despite the conceit of superiority , ignorance is palpable . only human . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&ob=av3e west side story has pretty good melodies , gee i am still straight after it , my aesthetic perceptions are expanding . excellent dvd and choreography , be cool dude . brilliant stuff . thank you god , ... tubular bells album by david oldfield . apple fanboys ; silly people never heard of military ai being used in it consumer products . see calo and siri . i accept them , otherwise the mind chatter gets out of control . stuff the ignorant and arrogant fools for they come together . the words you're looking for are apocrypha and seventh heaven . freud allegories aside ( it is bunk science any way , didn't you notice ? easy metaphors ) , it is surrogate masturbation ( self-indulgence ) , for the artisans , it is called the peak prowess in skill ... ps : from my research the ancient orders of the christian knights are alive and well and willing to do what it takes to do the job . it was an interesting time away from the forum , doing library ... i am at war against atheist and socialist scum , i am only protecting the judeo-christian civilization from cultural genocide that made it great . atheists and socialists where they hold power commit ... communcation skills baby . speak to the audience , not to yourself . they have no duty to even pay attention to anyone . sure , after a while you to know the people on the list ... so where are the brain busting insights from the intjs ? i like to stick to real people . no one knows where psychos lurk in internet forums . me picky ? empirical testing . knowledge is like swiss cheese , irrational and illogical is the holes . intjs have too much curiosity to allow themselves to be squares ... intellectual but not stone-cold autistic fool . nerds are a different species , more sex appeal needed too ... intjs have the introversion and intituition , trumps extroversion , however intjs can over-intellectualize into absurdity what makes them hot-blooded humans . extroversion is over-rated for the ... sounds like an enticing real-life romance , actually rather addictive once you get to appreciate the aesthetics of it . give me a glass of red and a heroic romance and adventure ... even reality shifts ... speak of necromancy and be freaked out with knowledge of the actual black arts . otherwise it is a storm in a tea cup . fair point ? intjs are allowing personality profile category determine what ... intjs keep the eyes on the big picture , don't suffer over small fry especially when it is not mission critical yet endevor to remain accurate . too much to ask ? listening to brad fiedel's electronic sountrack to the terminator ; where the remainders of humanity fight the artilect singularity called skynet . thanks to the sic-fi writers for sending us a ... so , the answer is not demanded from a particular person any way . so the issue is ... no worries , the issue with intj girl versus intj boy is that the emotions are stronger in the girl . can the boy neuter and suppress his nature by will alone ? '