' this is so cute ! : kitteh : i'd probably think this was him twigging onto what you were talking about , but then doubting himself . yes ! : couple_inlove : does he need to sky write something for you to twig ? he is totally into you . : laughing : i reckon this is spot on ! wasn't suggesting what you should do , it just seemed like a more intp way to respond to the situation . i dislike when people use type to justify everything . i like to look at type as a tool to ... freeness have you considered just asking him ? intjs respond well to bluntness . maybe you could say where do you see us in the future . when he said meet new people i didn't take that as new ... okay hold up a second . i don't think that posting something someone else posted is creepy . i share things all the time . if he stole something that was original to you , eg : an artwork and ... interesting . that sounds quite intp of you ! am i wrong ? i don't know how intjs usually deal with this kind of thing , but from what i do know , intjs like closure / completion . wouldn't you rather know the bad news asap ? so you can deal with it ? isn't the mental uncertainty of not knowing his fate more problematic ? he is bathing you in fe <3 - this is fe used for ' good ' instead of evil . lol . but i also think he is crushing on you . at the very least , we will try to ' lift other people up ' ( anyone , even ... can you reach out to him ? :( that's what i meant , though . being able to choose to respond to them ( or choose not to at all ) . for example , if someone says something that is ' saddening ' i feel ... it's emotional insecurity . we are so scared of rejection ( like most people ) but we feel so strongly for people that being rejected literally feels like our heart is being broken into a billion pieces ... i love arguing or throwing back and forth theories too , because if offers me an opportunity to learn . most sensors i know ( and i really am not trying to be mean here ! ) are satisfied to stick with ... i can relate . most people seem completely unaware of their drivers . even many infjs are too , many are so damn self indulgent and i really don't fit in with them , not that i care much . i also ... i have seen this in sensors , but also feeling types ( myself included ) . sensors are by far the worst / most close minded , in my experience . i wondered about this for a long time , and i came down to ... right . i can be very strategic and thinking-focused too ( especially at work / research , etc ) . however , the only time i can really consciously choose to emotionally respond is if i really hate ... are you sure you're not an infj . very familiar : laughing : i no longer think i am human . i identify as a walking dichotomy with a hair do . i think you're right . i have been around intjs for years and i have become accustomed to having to be logical and coherent lol . my intp just tells me some wacky story and expects me to believe it . i ... he doesn't understand his value to me because it isn't intellectual . his value to me is emotional . i don't need help with intellectual things , more so making me feel valued and loved . he doesn't get ... i think this is generally true , but with infjs it is not . i have loved people for years without them even suspecting ! : laughing : people i am seriously crushing on and being a stage 10 clinger towards ... inmyeyes i have been meaning to respond to this for the past couple of days but i haven't had the time to properly do so ! i am so glad your mental loops have resolved , at least ! : kitteh : ... really ? he seems completely logical and rational to me . i think it's quite a realistic hobby , actually . make : iron man costumes harry 01 i do believe you've answered your own question : kitteh : : chat 02 : thanks for clarifying . : kitteh : sorry for coming late to the party but i have been lurking and wanted to respond to this inmyeyes - have you resolved it or is it still a work in progress ? the fact he told you very personal ... dude , i'm not wrong . all humans lie . i think its more likely that people are deluding themselves about what constitutes a lie . lying by omission is a regular occurance for introverts , but we ... intj & intp get into a discussion about feelings . http://img.michaeljacksonspictures.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/popcorn-blank.gif lol . nice try . this is taking victim blaming to a whole new level . : shocked : i still maintain that this is possible : http://i.imgur.com/rR8XvZQ.jpg but there is the possibility it could go the other way ... yeah , back when i thought he was into sex and it was only awkward because it was new , i made a comment about wanting to ' practise ' lots , thinking that would be sexy and alluring ... he kind of freaked ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : this is true ! he did mention that he is very lonely though . i can't imagine an intp would maintain an all day every day relationship with someone out of pure loneliness though , right ? he even ... really ? you'd just give up a relationship if you were dishonest ? if it can be broken it can be fixed , right ? the teddy bear can be laundered ? they are irl friends who play chess online together , not those dodgy random people who cheat at everything online as a default . i don't care about the chess game - it just inspired me to think ... i can relate to nearly all of your post ( except dancing , i am not good , but sports in general i am very coordinated and excelled at ) . i am certified infj ( as opposed to online test taker ! ) . from ... online chess . there are simulators that would allow you to enter each move on the board and it would tell you the best move to respond with to win . i think it's safe to assume that nobody likes to be perceived as dishonest . but if you are actually dishonest at some point , and you are confronted about it , wouldn't admitting it be the way to ... i read a study recently that said that on average , men tell 6 lies a day , and women 3 . i'm not talking about pathological lying , i do know from experience generally that intps and intjs in ... so you don't like to be perceived as dishonest , even in situations where you were actually dishonest ? the avoidance on top of the dishonesty , in my mind , is adding more dishonesty to the lie , no ? ... i get that intps are pretty honest people , but c'mon ... everyone is human and everybody lies ! i am easy going mostly , but can also be a complete bitch , but he has never seen that side of me . ;) lol he must be desperate and lonely to like a curvy chick ? : unsure : - without wanting to sound ... sounds like a good thing to challenge , then :P i am asking vaguely about an actual situation that i know that happened with an intp ( not mine ) . i was just wondering if it was common . the ... what this guy is doing to you is extremely manipulative too . he is viewing you as a conquest . something to achieve . a game . :( can i ask why you haven't infj doorslammed him ? hey harry 01 - can i ask you a hypothetical ? if you were 18 , had a wonderfully supportive family and friends circle , had money and resources , and you could do anything at all with your days , what ... he sounds horrible . is he out of your life now ? i had a recent brush with an istp very very similar to what you describe . he is a friend of a friend . i saw through his bs immediately though and ... i definitely wouldn't respond that way . if someone pulls away from me i give them more space . you're right about not ' settling ' - ( paraphrasing ) . i never thought i'd be in a situation where i was ... as the title suggests ... when you lie about something , and someone ( particularly a love interest ) finds out , how do you handle it ? do you lie more to cover ? do you admit it ? avoid it ? :) i was with my istp for a year - he was crazy personified , but i also think he has borderline personality disorder upon reflection . there were red flags early on but he was such a charming narcissist ... i would never willingly play a game with him . i havent seen him in person since pulling back , but he is responding by messaging me constantly because im not as available so your ' hard to get ' ... '