' maternal grandmother - estj maternal grandfather - enfj ( from stories ) mother - enfj paternal grandmother - esfj paternal grandfather - istj father - estj me - istj sister - enfp intuitives prefer to rely on their intuition more than sensors , but that doesn't necessarily mean that they have more intuition . this does not answer your question , but i disagree that it is ... infp i scrolled all the way down the page so that i couldn't see the type . i was close . 1 . are your sentences short or long ? are you straight forward or avoid or divagate around the subject ? my sentences are short . i cannot go on for a long time about something , unless it is my ... istj - 1 isfj - 0 estj - 1 esfj - 3 intj - 3 intp - 0 entj - 1 entp - 0 the combination of letters under my username . i enjoy most heavy metal and some alternative rock . i will occasionally listen to classical music if i feel like it . my selection isn't particularly ... spanish . i don't think i ever wrote the accents over my letters and i just didn't get anything out of watching videos or listening to cassettes in spanish for my assignments . hearing my classmates ... if she is extremely extroverted , then she is not an introvert . it's kind of like how i'm introverted , and thus i am not an extrovert . jesus christ , i did not realize how old this thread was . i continue being boring to spite them . your opinion is wrong . hugs are the devil . in all seriousness though , i value my personal space . i feel no compulsion to violate the personal space of somebody else , so i fail to see the ... lost springs , wyoming , where the population is four . 54.161 / 100 masculine 30.833 / 100 feminine 49.167 / 100 androgynous i don't know why they have a separate number for androgynous if it is just a balance between masculinity and femininity . it , disregard other people histrionic personality disorder i'm sorry , i'm just being a dick . so apparently everything you have to say would be an insult . i guess i will do the same . istj's - great minds think alike , and then there is us . estj's - that was a really good suggestion , but ... do not ask me for my opinion . if i am quiet or nodding , either i agree with you or really don't care about the topic . i find it pointless to elaborate on my point of view if somebody else said ... wait , you actually put thought into this ? if i was a plant , you would be doing me a favor by killing me . that's what i think about plants . i took the test for the first time in high school , and i got istj . she has mental issues . / thread the analogy does not work with the point you are trying to make . it is insulting , and of course people are going to jump to conclusions based on the picture . nobody looks at a pawn and thinks oh ... i wasn't trolling , if that was what you were getting at . sorry if my post somehow offended you . continue behaving as you do and stop trying to be yourself . when you put forth an effort to be yourself , you are your psychologist's puppet . this probably makes little sense , but it is the best i ... i guess i am an itjs . we have the inxps , now what about all of the other types ? i envy enfps ’ ability to do absolutely nothing productive and somehow see themselves as some kind of social revolutionary in compensation for being incompetent . i also envy their ability to be dicks ... 63 . i know when i was a little kid , it was around 131 , then 127 , and then 117 . so yeah , it is probably 63 by now . i tried it , and it wasn't for me . i only have a problem with the smell of it , but if people smoke outside of my home , then i have little reason to care . i had two roommates that smoked weed , and it ... strangely introversion and extroversion is the most difficult to figure out since the older models have far less dialogue . i am just going to type the ones i own . thresh : infj kayle : istj ... i've seen this . the guy who wrote it sucks . clearly written in malice against his boss . if you are implying that these are the differences between the two types , the second half of your post is inaccurate . you would be muddling together si and se , which are by no means the same thing . i was an architecture major for my first semester in college ; it was very time-consuming and difficult . the earlier assignments have little to do with building structure or even design ; if you do not ... istj because everyone sucks but me . seriously though ^ 1 . movies 2 . books 3 . architecture internet cookies . i tried this on internet explorer ( which i never use because it is a horrible web browser ) and there were no red boxes . jung ideal / real test results ideal you real you many places use bullshit quizzes to screen people out . why not add another ? i applied for a job online , filled out all of the personal information , and then answered their questionnaire ( what would ... there are a lot of these , actually . i agree with most of those that you posted , except for melisandre . she uses fe as a dominant function , in a rather morbid and fucked-up manner . most of the ... i'd like to delete this redundant post , but the website will not let me . i liked high school physics and chemistry , where they taught at a level that i could easily comprehend ( as opposed to my little taste of college physics , in which the class average was a 64 and i got ... the lyrics to the music i listen to have some evil implications . i like music because of the way it sounds . if i cannot understand the singer , which is the majority of the time , i kind of don't ... 75 % russian and 25 % austrian , fourth and fifth generation , nothing to do with my personality . not during dialogue scenes and not in a movie theater . all other instances , it is acceptable in small increments , so long as nothing is spoiled . you aren't saying that they suck , you are saying that you find them disgusting , which is still a harsh way of saying that you do not like people of a certain temperament . anyway , i am least likely ... it ’ s all a matter of perspective . everyone is a whore in somebody else ’ s eyes . i have a very left-winged professor , and i disagree with almost everything he says , except for when he referred to ... i have some woman in her 70s in two of my classes . she is quite disruptive ; every class her phone goes off since she doesn't know how to silence it , she doesn't raise her hand before answering a ... istj-intj-istp you hate collages . i had to make one today ; it's an ugly mess of paper glued to a piece of cardboard . you're an introvert . generating enthusiasm for the sake of conversation is not among your talents . it's not as complex as people try to make it seem . enfs are good at talking and giving the illusion that what they have to say is important . i don't see how they are the angry ones in this scenario . you actually seem quite hostile in comparison . unless this is a joke . it's a joke right ? your idea of a natural pairing is not really my preference . an unhealthy version is even less so . '