' i had a relationship trauma two years ago with a guy who screwed over big time . after that , i've dated a few men , all short term relationships . i noticed my codependency , but also a fear that the ... i can't help but agree with you . but how would you cope without leaving the house ( let's say , if you didn't have money to do it hehehe ) ? thank you all very much for sharing your stories ! innocence as kindheartedness and confidence as self-acceptance . it's also fun when a partner knows their boundaries and , as a consequence , it conscient that you too have them . the enfp i dated was bullied at school and also spoiled as a child . in spite of being fun , smart and loving , he demanded my attention 24/7 and there was a lot of jealousy . when he started trying to ... my parents divorced when i was 5 and it made me see how immature they acted . they are still immature and they're lack of a self-esteem is very obvious . my mother is flexible , but my father ... it keeps coming back always , forever . a beautiful smile kindness smarts being profound and artistic having an innocent aura and being a sex machine at the same time haha you keep considering becoming a monk . i know how you feel , honey . sometimes i also yearn to become a monk . since i was little child , i felt that all these things society expects from us are just tiresome . it seemed like it would be ... i had sex with an awesome friend who's leaving to live in london . it was awesome , just the way i like it and he's a great guy with a delicious , light energy . however , i can't help but feel ... i say taoist and buddhist because these are the main ways of living i'm prone to . but how are you managing to live in a more peaceful rhythm while still inserted in society ? thanks ! do you have any references ? actually i've done some of that . philosophy classes helped me big time back when i was in middle and high school . so did understanding how neurotransmitters ... hahahah good point . not only marijuana , but lsd and ecstasy . i stopped doing everything i knew messed with my mind . i giggled :) thanks ! you just can't get your istj date and he drives you crazy , but you still feel like going out w / him bc he's so intriguing . you just can't get your istj date and he drives you crazy , but you still feel like going out w / him bc he's so intriguing . see what happened . depending on the case , give them another chance . all good if it never happens again . happens again = bye . i do . very much , actually . but our country is going through a huge financial crises ( not sure you've heard about it ) and i can't pay for it :( thanks for the advice ! could you give me an example of it ? i used to go when i was 14 ( that's when it all started ) i don't go to counseling , but i talk to my yoga teacher constantly and it helps a lot . thank you ! this is really good advice . i remember helping a recyclables collector ( we have a lot of these people here in brazil ) who had her carruage stolen , so she spent all of her money on ... yes , i actually do have unfinished things in my head . in 2015 , when i was a freshman in college , i met this guy . i remember that i was talking to one of his friends and he sighed , and when he did ... i'm 20 years old and i've had depression since i was 14 . i think it's because i didn't treat it , so i live in this crazy cycle , coming and going of depression . i've already done everything that's ... i'm dating an istj and your description sounds a lot like him hahah i feel like we are completely different , but we accept and admire each other ( which has nothing to do w / mbti ) the ... sporadic handful love what can you guys tell me about infj + istj ? hooow ? hhahaha hello . i've been recently reading about being an empath , clairsentient and a highly sensitive person , what has brought me a lot of life about why i feel the way i feel . however , it affects my ... thank you so much ! it did work . i think that i just have a huge desire to connect , but i'm not connected with myself . hmmm why did you ask that though ? hahaha hmmm ... i'd like them to pay attention to me . to be considerate :) yep . it's like an equation . desire to connect x reluctante / fear of doing so = emotional gap ( something's missing ) i do have music and i write on my journal a lot for brainstorming purposes . i ... hello :) it's come to my knowledge that i have inner demons and , not being aware of it , it's lowered my quality of life ( depression , anxiety ) . so , i realized that i have to deal with these ... kind of . i have told him ( with words ) how much i like and how much he means to me . but i seldom let it show in our day-to-day living , i don't bring it up because he is very closed and talking and ... i'm very confused about a love interest . we love each other in that unconditional manner , as we've been friends for over a year . we're not together , he's scared that he'll hurt me . it's been a while ... if only you'd stop and think , or maybe tell me the things you're feeling so i can organize your thoughts in an efficient manner , you'd get out of that hole full of self-pity and insecurity and just ... this is the third time i'm telling you . you're smart , why do you do that ? reality : infj : hi :) crush : hi :) * crush goes to class * thought : i can't stop thinking about you , omg , you're coming , i hope you notice me phlegmatic and melancholic would it be better to talk on fb than face to face ? i don't really enjoy talking on fb , since i can't see how he reacts . what is the best way to approach an intp about an emotional issue ? ( e . g . i need to know what he feels ; i need an answer ) yep . all those knots on our throats , all those butterflies in our stomachs . must . not . scream . idk if i felt passion . but , this time , it's much different . i thought i had fallen in love many times , but ended up realising things were all inside my head . then , this year , in university , 19 ... i don't mind really . i'm trying to solve my inner issues , or , rather , i'm trying to precisely identify them , so i'm able to act towards them . i know what is causing my this anxiety and fear , and i ... the problem was : i opened myself to receive love during sex and i didn't . i didn't prepare myself for a casual , cuddleless night and i got it . it made my head spin in a bad way . that's a very ... intps are just ... so honest . love is above all dat buddhism . '