' i have very intense and scary dreams . they involve me dodging bullets and hiding or being trapped by bombs , gunmen , etc . i never actually get hurt or feel pain in the majority of the dreams but i am ... i'm borderline infp / enfp but my enfp-ness has been showing a lot more since college began . 4779047791 being all cute and hisptuh august 21st please ! (: the short answer is , usually no . i just know how to manage it and make myself seem chill and invisible . i remember one time my friend was like , doesn't that make you angry ? why aren't you ... gallery - flockdraw mime in love with you . gallery - flockdraw excuse the double post . searching for his lost love . gallery - flockdraw haven't done one of these in while . i was going to post one of my longer poems . but i think i'll just post these two shorter ones , written at different times but in continuation of each other .   ... i'm constantly trying to keep my options open . even if there are actually no options . but i don't think this stems from a fear of commitment as much as an obsession of freedom and control , after ... i've only had one partner , but i was his 15th or so . at first it was shocking but he was honest with me when the subject came up and as long as he was clean and i knew he was faithful to me i didn't ... lonely , anxious , and inferior , to the point where my stomach is sick and i'm not sure why . i wonder if everyone's heart looks the same . the marrow in my bones spills out onto paper that's why they break with such ease shatter like the mirror looking back at me i swear i'm not defective i swear it's all in good taste emotion is ... distanced myself far from the ground 1 . a housecat who yearns to be a lion . 2 . probably a purple . the passionate red mixed with a chilling and depressive blue = alien purple . 3 . empathetic , emotional , sweet 4 . dreamy , timid , ... right now , my main game is league of legends . although , i'm really bad at it . xp i can relate to your cognitive dissonance feeling between being an artist and actually living it . i think the most helpful advice i can give you is just to let go of your ideals and just create ... one flaw with today's world : many people don't value young people's imagination , inspiration , hope , and enthusiasm . they have lots to contribute to things , but adults shun them because they need ... 3604136040 36042 love affair exhilaration people people everywhere the music of honking cars rings the sun beats down but skyscrapers reach out and shade the asphalt loves me i hate getting yelled at . i cry very easily when i'm in situations like that , which doesn't help . what's worse is when people start yelling at you not to cry , too . D: it's a vicious cycle because i ... got in my first car accident today . thank god i wasn't driving because it was scary . but this is so good for my driving anxiety . / not plus my back hurts a bit . 3469234693 34694 for years i have willed myself to turn invisible . i think that's why i like art so much . i can be proud of myself and still remain invisible . people just have to care about the picture , not the ... i'm still not sure if it was sexual abuse or not . i've only told one person , but he didn't want to hear it . the past holds too much guilt and too much shame . i hate holidays . i'm forced to pretend like i fit in with my family , when i really don't . i stay quiet the whole time because whenever i try to tell a story , i am ignored . it doesn't help that the ... 1 . the person who you are walking with is the most important person in your life . your answer : no one 2 . the size of the animal is representative of your perception of the size of your ... if you really knew me , you would know that i'm a very scared person . i have doubts and fears about a lot of things . i doubt myself as a human being and try to be very careful with my words . i am ... i have never been drunk . i have only had sips of drinks , and even that was only two or three times . i don't really have the desire to go get drunk either . i think i'd rather have control over my ... the fact that my parents resent me for not applying to the national honor society . they want me to do it for college and because my sister did it , but i refuse to participate in their games . the ... “ there are dreamers and there are realists in this world . you ’ d think the dreamers would find the dreamers and the realists would find the realists but … more often than not , the opposite is true ... i fear failure and i fear success . i presume that the rest of my fears stem from those two . 1 . i love my devotion and loyalty towards the people i love . 2 . i love my hair . most of the time . 3 . i love my ability to be able to view situations from multiple perspective , and empathize with ... what's so wrong about aliens ? don't piss me off and harass me and make fun of me and then expect me to try and make you happy . so don't get upset when i don't answer you . also , teenage boys are stupid . not like i'm all that ... i'm scared of driving a car . i'm scared of growing up . i'm scared of not being good enough . i'm scared of being miserable and scared for the rest of my life . i'm scared that i'll never be able to ... i hate when this happens . i'm only 16 but i feel like i am suppose to know what i want to do for the rest of my life . i know i don't want to do something monotonous for the rest of my life . but i ... dream away . it's stupid but whatever . :P 3297732978 3297932980 32981 some more pictures of me for my self portrait project . / loser . hopefully i'll put my photoshopped ones in the art thread . ( p . s , that last picture is the bracelet my prom ... i came to a realisation today . we are all alone in this world , but i don't mean it in a sad way . being alone also means being free to be what you are . you are responsible only for your own thoughts ... 3254932550 3255132552 32553 few more self portraits . :) 3253332534 3253632537 32538 just a few self portraits i took for my photo project :D 32497 it's gonna be small , sorry . :( i feel like i should feel something . but i don't . i just don't care . i guess i've moved on . but that's weird . i just wish i could have found someone too , because i'm really craving intimacy . oh well . why is everyone always looking at the negatives ? i wanna go to d . c . ( don ’ t go there ! there ’ s so much crime it ’ s a bad place ! ) i wanna go to san francisco . ( don ’ t go there , there ’ s smog . ) ... 31701 more art in bursts of inspiration . : 3 i can't wait to get out of this goddamn house . i feel so bad for my dad because he gets no respect in this house . :( our internet / phone was having issues because we got a new box . my mom was pissed ... i definitely want a tattoo ( s ? ) when i'm older . i really want to see if there's any way i can get part of one of my dad's paintings made into a tattoo , since he's my hero and my inspiration . : 3 other ... mom : esfj ( i'm pretty sure ) dad : intj ( i think ) sister : infj vigilant 7 solitary 2 idiosyncratic 12 adventurous 4 mercurial 7 dramatic 9 self-confident 7 sensitive 11 devoted 16 conscientious 5 '