' where do you get your intellectual stimulation ? lately i feel as though my mind is slowing down due to lack of exercise . all entries are appreciated :) oh , well i was talking about calculus . i'm still working my way up the food chain with the maths but i find it really relaxing . if you've got some other places i can learn then feel free to share , ... post your hobby and if you'd like where people can learn about it / learn to do it . :) feel free to chat about why you like it as well . for me my hobby is learning advanced mathematics and i learn ... * towards people in my uni classes * why do you exist ? why weren't you exterminated upon existence ? can you not just stop talking and think about something for once ? stuff like that . thank you for clarifying which was you ;) welcome to the intj forum . where everyone is an idiot and a mistype except you ! . :) but seriously , welcome , glad to have you . great observation . will do , thank you . why do you find me ridiculous ? i both applaud and pity your effort :) darn , i'm a mistype , thanks for the info hur dur :) let me tell you something ... i am god . sometimes i am not sure whether my sense of humor translates well online o . o hello , after spending sometime here in the intj section i've come to the rather sad realization that i am ... ignorant in a lot of areas . some intjs such as bethdeth seem to be very knowledgable on ... don't be silly . obviously i would lead this crusade and see to it that exceptions are properly identified and dealt with . after all only one of us can rule . there's that intj sarcasm . we're back everyone no worries . :P post any books you're currently reading . no explanation required or desired . an intj with a sense of morality ? maybe you should take the test again hehe . that's what i was after , especially that last one . no but really . this eugenics isn't racist or sexist or whatever the hell you're on about . i'm talking about improving the human race through ... thank you for saving me from having to explain <3 personally i would love to sterilize 90 % of the people i meet on a daily basis . the more i know of man , the more i like my dog . - mark twain honestly the sad truth is that most of the intjs here don't know diddly squat about anything . they're just experts at google . i mean i'll read up on some stuff and get back to you but for now don't ... hmm likeable ? you know i'm not really concerned about being likeable . i don't think many intjs care if you like them which is actually really attractive to a lot of people . being cool is ... if so , where do you get your knowledge / power ? i'm guessing you don't want the answer because we are so i'll actually answer this for you . where we have our n whispering in our ear the galaxy's secrets we have our t to help us process all the ... i don't express my own feelings . instead i allow myself to help others with their issues / emotional turmoil because my intuition can tell me how a person thinks and feels and what it is they need to ... i see things for what they are . i try to plan for all possible contingencies . yes , i will be pessimistic because it will allow me to plan to a further extent than if i expect everything to magically ... some people think it's cool to be a sociopath . intjs can be mistaken for sociopaths at times because we can be very cold and to the point . some people think they're hot shit when they're able to ... if you're a cheater you're a sack of shit . you're incapable of having a decent relationship . simple as that . for me it's kind of like a huge pool of flowing water above my head ? i dip my head in the water and suddenly without thinking i am able to access all the information i need . kind of lost touch with people and their customs . i'm just my natural self , then again i really don't care to have any friends . i suppose one thing that i'd like to vent about is having arguments with my infj girlfriend . she . cannot . follow . logic . everything is about how she feeels and it drives me up the wall . as someone earlier said , people tend to step into the role that people make them out to be . while i know that i am an intj i try to stay true to my self and not the role people expect me to play ... i have adhd , so that's what i thought was causing it . little did i know i was just an intj you're an intj . it's your cosmic right to be a snarky jerk whenever you feel like it :) . yes , i am aware that this discussion is abstract at best . i'll do my best in the future to improve the clarity ... feel free to assign your own purpose to it . let's say that we just want the most well rounded / knowledgable person we can create . i see . interesting . well the point is that it's your design , but i get where you're coming from . sorry for delay in reply . there's no specific spectrum i'm looking for . my original question was going to be that if you were to educate a human possible of learning anything what books would you ... i'm on auto-pilot 90 % percent of my day . i live in my head . . the best ? that would depend on your opinion on best . i know that isn't what you want to hear but it's true . for example , i'm an intj . i like math and i'm good at it . on top of that people find me ... hi , guys . i'm here to start a list of the most useful books for auto-didacts or self teachers if you aren't familiar with the term . i'd recommend something like the book this will make you ... yeah , i see where you guys are coming from . i forgot to mention that i have severe existentialist depression and a case of self deprecating narcissism . ( don't we all ) . but that works its way into it ... i dig . not to sound like a jerk or anything but i kind of already knew that . i know that labels don't matter but i believe that my consciousness wants to attach itself to something to form some sort ... thanks ! thanks for the replies , guys :) . i feel as though i'm getting somewhere in all of this . the problem with medication for example adderall , which i have taken is that it can make almost anyone seem ... thanks for taking the time to respond , guys . i really appreciate it . i always get lost in thought . i'm famous for it . i leave my keys in the apartment door or forget what i came to the store in the ... hello , my name is mathfreak 1337 . i'm attempting to figure out what type i actually am . as far as i and e i find that i really dislike socializing with people and i find it to be a chore most of the ... '