' ask questions , don't make statements . the biggest weakness of inferior fe is not being able to see one's own feelings . like playing a game of cards , but your hand is facing away from you . you don't ... i am istp . i don't have any opinions , emotions , feelings , or thoughts , so i don't have anything to say . i can fix anything though . if you need me to fix something for you , i'll be in the garage . when i get emotional in negative ways it tends to come out subtly . by that i mean that maybe only my best friend can tell that i'm sad or hurt . to everyone else i seem the same as ever . generally the ... i've been close friends with two , and acquaintances with two or three more . i'm going to make some generalizations . please keep in mind that i believe every person is unique . these are no more than ... 1 : istp 2 : female 3 : oldest 4 : auditory by far . sight secondarily 5 : which three of these do you enjoy most ? : ( listed in order ) a . creative activities d . social activities e ... i agree with this , and i think it goes for any two types who share the same functions . the more the lower functions are encouraged and used , the more similar the two types will seem to be . i've even ... se was not encouraged much . between my infp mother and entp father , i don't think they knew what to do with it . i grew up where we had snow 7 months of the year too , so there was a big chunk of every ... i've only cried a couple times in my adult life , and each time it was when i was alone . it did act as an emotional release , which was good , but only because in those instances , my problem was my ... typically for me , sadness is caused by a perceived failure on my part . the feeling of sadness makes me step back and analyze everything about the situation and what contributed to it . if i find ... i actually just had a conversation with my intj boyfriend about this . we had gone to a rocky beach to explore , which to me has always meant that i can climb on the rocks and explore the cool stuff ... the main thing that comes to mind is to be careful and use fe appropriately . i say this because for any kind of creative work , fe is an extremely powerful tool that should never be underestimated .  ... nice description . this is very , very true of me . i think the key is finding the most relevant and possible solution instead of the most interesting . i've worked with nfjs on creative projects , and ... this might be a little long , but i thought it might be nice to post just because it is a story of using myers-briggs practically . i had been getting depressed lately . i felt like i wasn't able to ... one of my first jobs was very physically intense ; we were constantly moving furniture from one place to another . i was the smallest person on the team by a good 40 + lbs ( 18kg ) and it was probably ... i love the conversations i have with infps . they always come up with some perspective that never would have occurred to me . sometimes their ideas are just pure crazy , but other times they are ... i've used this aspect of se to avoid feeling some unpleasant things . a known trigger will appear and i'll consciously focus on something superficial . i might even be able to completely ignore ... it depends on whether i understand the cause of the emotion . just like i have a mental map of other people , i have a mental map of myself and my own typical responses . if the upsetting scenario is ... ti + se process for me is about looking for deeper patterns and truths being lived out in the real world so that real-world situations can be predicted . se notices a lot of information , but it's ... one of the reasons i found this discussion so fascinating is because you provided such vivid descriptions of ni paired with judging functions . as istp , my ni is best paired with another perceiving ... i've have the same complaints as you do with someone like this . i'd say this is more a trait of a confident , immature extravert , not necessarily a sensor . i know a few enxp's and enxj's and they can ... i feel like i have to say : this thread is amazing . i came for the star trek and stayed for the awesome discussion . as someone with inf . fe , emotions are not something i can navigate easily . the ... as a female , i am dreading the day i have to make an announcement like that . i have an istp problem : i cannot handle open displays of emotion directed at me . especially positive emotions . when i was very young , my mother ( infp ) would sometimes get excited at me for something ... this reminds me of my relationship . i'm istp , and even though my boyfriend is intj , we have run into this issue frequently ; i am scared by his frequent open displays of affection ( being intj , this is ... that's awesome . now i just want my superpowers in real life :) this could be applied to any type , and you could see how some types ( intj / esfp , infj / estp , intp / esfj , etc ) would have the ... lol , it takes a ti dom to have the desire and sudden passion to come up with a complex fantasy system like this :) i like it . you could make a whole superhero team out of this . you'd just have to ... my real life story is almost that . i'm istp , and my family members are entp , infp , and enfj . as a true introvert , i haven't had a lot of close friends or so , but the ones i have had were two infjs ... i've known two : one very well , and another not as well but we've had some good discussions . both of them are brilliant and i love the way they can get very passionate about their ideas . i like that ... inferior fe , 9w8 . i want to reach out , to connect emotionally the way fe dom / aux seems to do so easily . as a 9 i want to connect deeply and even merge with the ones i truly care about . but even ... it might be a t thing in general , but i've seen other istps on this site talking about a delayed emotional response . i think it adds to the situation described by crystall in the original post to ... i've struggled with this issue of sharing , because my typical way of processing something is completely internal . something would happen to cause an emotional blow ; i wouldn't really feel it at ... i'm really amazed at all these istps who feel sick after sharing a lot of emotions . i thought it was only me . just recently i let my guard down a lot in front of my boyfriend . emotionally it felt ... thanks for starting this conversation . i feel as though sj's are the most enigmatic type for me . i have found it harder than for other types to understand them and the best ways to live ... this has happened to me a couple times : i meet an intj who generally has a reputation for being a quiet , reserved person . but several minutes into the conversation , the intj picks up and this ... i'm dating an intj and we've been together for three years now . it was kind of a shock when i met him , because i had never met anyone who was so much like me ( at least at first glance ) . he also ... i get lonely all the time . by and large i prefer not to be around a lot of people , but there's a big difference between spending time with most people and spending time with the 2-3 people on the ... this could be fun . i'll give it a shot . hypothetically speaking ( because , like other responders have stated , places like this would not be able to exist cohesively in the real world ) i think once ... i relate to this , except i'm much more of an auditory learner than a visual one . i am also slow to take the next step like you said , and it seems strange that it is so hard for me to replicate the ... the more i think about it , the more i realize that i love to use se . i love tackling some physical challenge like climbing a mountain or rearranging the furniture by myself - and succeeding . when ... i work as a nurse , and i'd have to agree with julia bell , that is a field best suited to esfj . but i find that a lot of istp strengths come into play where i work , especially the interest in technical ... most of the people i get along best with are nf's : infj and infp . next are nt's : intj , entp , intp . i know some other sp's , but for some reason i've never had much connection , which i find really odd ... i also have a problem with the wording on this test . this question on the fourth page bothered me especially : a significant advantage of a one-party state is that it avoids all the arguments ... my boyfriend of 3 years is intj . to start with , i have to say that almost the entire 3 years has been long distance , so i'm not sure how applicable my experience will be to your situation , but here's ... i definitely think in abstract concepts that are not necessarily visual , auditory , or tactile . before i express anything , i have to decide the most appropriate way to do so . most of the time that ... i second this . my college roommate is infj and we are still friends and we do everything together . i've noticed looking back on the friendship that we seem to have strengthened each other's ... i feel as though i have to predict people because i'm not an nf . for me it's almost like a compensatory response because i'm terrible at reading people in real time . fe is my last function . i don't ... my mom is infp through and through , and i can attest to most or all of the impressions mentioned here . my family loves to sit around and discuss deep issues , but we have all learned that she has a ... this description made me laugh , it is so accurate . i am istp and my brother ( who i have always been close with ) is enfp . we got into so much mischief as kids ... '