' proactivity creativity resilience i couldn't get myself to play that game for more than a couple hours ... it's just too damn hard ( and controls feel extremely clunky ) . as a general rule tho , you'd have better luck asking for help ... the village just finished bioshock infinite . :P i skipped a few hours of sleep ' cause of it lol . great game . i don't play mobas , but i have tons of free dota 2 keys that steam keeps sending me for whatever reason . if you guys need one , let me know . i liked it . if you're and old tomb raider fan , you'll find everything you loved about the previous games in here . there's still exploring to do , puzzles to solve , jumping around and leaning over ... sadly i stumbled upon a spoiler on the next episode ( with screencaps , so i know it's true ) . someone is going to die and turn into a walker , but since i'm a good guy i'm not gonna tell you who . :P lol i'm sorry to let you down : i know how much you care about these things , but i don't really know the functions and what does what . :( whatever i say might very well be wrong , so i'm gonna leave ... i think making covers or original takes on successful songs has been a good strategy for tons of youtube musicians . you could try a creative mash-up or a remix of some song being popular right now ... yeah , we're so amazing ... fluent in my mother tongue ( italian ) and english . basic knowledge of spanish and a few words in japanese . i'd like to learn spanish better and french eventually . :) what are those 2 problems about in specific ? what does it feel like to have them ? how do you cope and can you heal ? : o for as long as i can remember , studying has always been difficult for me . through elementary and middle school i was a smart kid and rarely ever touched any book , and still got top grades . the ... i like where i am , as electronic music is my favorite genre . :P i listen a bit of everything , but if i had to choose an absolute favorite , it's electronic music . well i wouldn't say i got a fetish , but i like hair a lot in a woman . :) sometimes it can be a deal breaker for me , as i generally don't like women with curly hair ( wavy is ok , curly isn't ) , but ... playing waaay too much guild wars 2 pvp lately . actually , that's what i've been doing since day 1 . screw pve . :P the game is full of problems , but i enjoying playing 5vs5 matches with the ... i was great at math until the first year of high school , then it got too complicated and i lost interest to the point i completely ignored it . as a matter of fact , i always got the lowest possible ... lately i've been playing mostly portal 2 . i received a guest key for diablo 3 from a friend but i didn't like it much . : also , i'm giving minecraft another try these days , but i still can't see ... the infp would probably sacrifice himself for the greater good . if he lived , he would probably suffer for life with the thought that he could have saved everyone and he failed . in my humble ... i'm currently making the yearbook of all the high schools in town . besides feeling like an old creep for staring at the photos of 18-19 y / o girls , i think i fell in love about 20 times . when i was ... there's too many i'd like . :( immortality comes first : it would be great to be young forever and not dying in all those circumstances where a normal person would die . if i could combine that with ... protip : no one is normal . :P and if they actually are normal , then they're not interesting . :D my ex is like this , but i'm not sure if she's infp or what . whenever she breaks up with someone , she jumps right into another relationship , because she says she just can't stand being alone . her ... http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/27/Piero_Manzoni_Artist's_shit.jpg/220px-Piero_Manzoni_Artist's_shit.jpg artist's shit - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia : unsure : can i vote against it ? < _ < so far , every move inspired by a videogame turned out a complete disaster . that one silent hill movie came very close to the general feel of the game , but that's about ... i've been called gay because i don't like soccer . for those who don't know , that sport is kind of a big deal here in italy . they will ask you what team do you root for , and if you answer i don't ... i'm mostly a music omnivore , but there are a few genres i just can't stand . i won't name names so i don't start a flame . :P one art form i could never understand is the opera . those people trying ... internet anonimity does wonders , i think . it's not a mystery that people become way more social on the internet than in real life , and that's probably because you're not actually talking to ... well , i'm not into anime . i used to watch them when i was younger but in time i lost interest . this is one of the few i watched and loved . the graphics , the music , the sci-fi elements , the love ... http://i.imgur.com/RH911.jpg i modeled for a friend for an art project of hers . it was about taking pictures of people in their natural habitat . so here i am : in my room , on my bed , listening to some music and browsing the ... oh look , there's a thread already . you're welcome . i've always dreamed of a co-op mode or small multiplayer mode in the tes series , something like being able to play with 3-4 friends . a tes mmo got me totally by surprise , but i like the idea . :) ... i follow the basic rules of courtesy , but i'm not physical at all besides that . if i introduce to someone new , i'll do an handshake or something like that , but once we're past that , a wave from ... i love the new look , i'm just worried about mr . cafebot now , since he disappeared from the header ... where is he ? is he alright ? :P officially unemployed . but ... - sometimes i do graphic design for the web . i find clients online on a few dedicated forums and send them my application . if they reply , we go over what do they need ... i'm sorry man . i'm younger than you and my life is still a mess , so you should really take my advice with a grain of salt , but here's what i'd do in your place : 1 ) i honestly don't know what would ... i'll share with you my story on why i decided to seek professional help . i'm a very shy guy . i've been shy for as long as i can remember . it's not a chronic shyness that could be identified as ... estj probably . feel nothing , fear nothing , don't care about anything . just work , work , work and get stuff done . ok i don't have any useful advice right now , but i just wanted to celebrate because i've just lost my forever alone status and finally there's another italian on the forums . รง_รง i'm moved . ( dopo ... being chronically without money , i've been looking into ways to travel a bit while spending as little as possible . i'd like to know if any of you have any experience in traveling on a budget ... probably someone too old to understand what a mobile phone is , and called home because he needed my parents . it's definitely something related to their work , because i never get called at home ... as of now , it looks like there's no real place to talk about videogames . some threads are in the types forums , some in the games centre . it would be nice to see gaming added to the books , movie ... i can relate . :P are you sure you're not infp ? lol ;) we have a lot of population + a lot of people that have mistaken the forum for their personal facebook . : | - - danger : wall-o-text incoming - - i can't stop thinking about my ex , now that i know she's single . the desire to get back in touch with her is seriously driving me insane . i'm trying my damnest ... wow i can completely relate . thanks for putting it down in words better than i ever could . :) whenever you find out how to snap out of it , let me know . ;) i went on a facebook purging spree today and was deleting everything from my profile and switching the privacy settings to ultra high because i intend to use that social network just to keep in touch ... step 1 : go to 8tracks step 2 : look for mixes that have ambient , sleep , chillout , instrumental as keywords step 3 : zzz there is no technique to reach some peace of mind , and i think anyone who's suffering from any form of depression should stay as much away as possible from these self-help gurus . serenity comes out ... '