' i am always falling for the introverts ... or , when you go all sherlock holmes on someone , then quibble with yourself about your assumptions , berate yourself for being judgmental , get all needy because you feel like you may be a bad person ... i completely agree ... i have moved to a new city , and know very few people . even though i make acquaintances easily i find it hard to get intimate friendships . they seem dazzled and entertained but ... ha ! i have been there ... i have learned over time to relax , and listen more . i , however , still fall into the habit of over complimenting ( which makes some people uncomfortable ) and being validating ... ok , so i have never really dated before . i really do not know what i am doing , and it is becoming clearer and clearer that the way i approach the whole ritual is ... wrong ? or perhaps i am drawing in ... mr . ed heh , i can completely relate to you in regards to this statement . i wish i knew what it would feel like to have someone as interested in me as i was in them . a friend of mine said my ... sidetrack : hmmm ... should everyone want to date a zombie ? i mean doesn't everyone look for someone who likes them for their brains not their body ? jojo ~ lol ! ! amazing ! i would follow someone ... i am very curious what enfjs think about the zombie apocalypse ! i have talked to several other types and the responses are always very reflective of their identification . so here are my ... walk away sun , i feel that pang .. almost presses the breath from me . as far as it being reciprocated ... i have no idea . i think i tend to feel more strongly for people than people have ever felt ... i work some place where things need to be done in a specific order . i am the person my boss depends on the most in terms of getting things done . i get flack for asking people to do their jobs ... i will definitely do that ! thank you for the advice ... so , i just recently moved into my own place , all by myself , no boyfriend / girlfriend .. for the first time in my life . i did the great striking out on my own because i really didn't feel like i knew ... i hate it when people ask me questions about myself .. but that is because i hate the looks on peoples faces when i do . my history is not for the weak of heart . i , personally , feel very proud of ... the istp i love .. yes , love ... will not tell me anything . he always seems to be eyeing me with suspicion , and now that i have read these comments i have to wonder if he was thinking i am ingenuine . ... my istp friend is on his last warning ... when he pokes at me it just riles me up closer and closer to a ~ situation ~ one of these days the tech room will be in shambles , he will have a dear lord ! ... thankyou ... i appreciate all of your feedback :) i really have no idea where this situation is going to go . however , i do feel that this is one of those ~ learning ~ moments . i am learning that i ... wow , i would really love to have someone in my life who would go to all the museums , movies , concerts , and events with me , and then spend long hours after ward laying in bed , drinking wine and ... hmmm interesting ... yes , and ... no . and there is the rub . :D when i say that i love someone ... i mean it . my definition of love means that i accept and honor them for who they are and who ... so , i got into a dispute with my istp friend . it was over something so simple as a meaning of words . it was simple but profoundly affecting . he called me his bff ( best friend forever ) ... lets see .. i was chuck e cheese ( my first job , dont laugh ) , wildland firefighter , flood response , oil recycling educator , secretary , painter , construction lackey , event coordinator , hippie store ... words of affirmation ... ( 4 ) . words only mean something to me when they are followed up by action . quality time ... (8 ) museums , the theater , art shows , festivals , movies , ... cultural stuff rocks :) ... lol ! ! ! oh dear lord , ... you may be the male .. me ! ha ! i tested close to borderline on the t and f , ... i am also somewhat close on the j and p . i read all the enneagrams i was close too in % . ... noble heart , wow , thank you ... all i can do is nod in absolute agreement to everything you just said . i had to giggle with the wolf pack imagery . i tell people who are really close to me ... brilliant idea :) i would be more than happy to give feed back on food . * sigh * i would love to see new orleans . so , would out sin / stereotype .. be gluttony ? or lust ? i do not see us being ... lol ! ! ! awesome ! yes , .. oh yes ... all of the above and more ! ... or ... less :D i too can do much with very little as long as the feelings and doings are genuine . while doing elaborate , decadent ... my basic needs : 5 silver plates piled high with ... 1 ) fruit 2 ) chocolates ( some truffles and a fondue pot ) 3 ) meat 4 ) cheeses ( wedges and fondue pot ) 5 ) bread pieces . a bucket of ice is ... dear megalo , you are right ! here you go ! :) enfj : the cult leader enfjs are big thinkers . they are extremely charismatic , and wish to offer the benefit of their wisdom to the world at ... heh , jojo ... you are very perceptive . my back ground fits the 8 archetype ... my boundaries were trounced on all over the place , but for some reason i was absolutely resilient . i became very ... i totally agree . i would consider it unethical to humiliate anyone . i am close to the divide between f and t too ... interesting ... thank you :) so , i have tested enfj over and over . i have also tested equal % ' s on enneagram 8 over and over . i was recently asked how does this work ? how can you be enfj and an 8 ? this was a fair ... kiwigrl you and i are very similar :) i will find out what they like to eat , plan 3 other side courses , perfect the arrangement with the right seasonal desert , and wine to accompany the lot . ... i tend to be drawn to the moody , super intellectual , shy types . if i could see myself with anyone long term i think it would be someone who would participate with me in social scenes , let me run the ... lol ! ! ! these made me soo happy :) i particularly like the ... just do what we tell you one . heh , taurus scorpio rising . triple grand trine in fire . or so they say ... :D i really really hate being told that i am too much . i still have no idea what that means ... i am close to someone who is an istp ... well , as close as you can be to one . * smile * we hated each other at the beginning . i thought he was bitter , moody , and heavily on the micro-managing . he ... well thank you ! i appreciate it :D i took my own advice and directed my angst into a walk . question : when ~ you ~ ( all of you lovely enfjs ) get really upset / super emotional ... do you ever feel ... yes , i am experiencing it today in fact ... * smile * i often feel guilty when i am angry because my brain naturally involves itself into a process of what i am responsible for , what the other person ... i will take the e . while most of the time i get myself in trouble , my extroverted nature has put me in the middle of a lot of situations that could have gone really bad . i used to be a care ... i have done that too ! it is almost like if i walk into a space / environment and it feels stagnant or empty i feel like i have to move it or fill it with something stimulating . but ... if the ... sometimes it seems to me that with this much influence there comes a price . almost a responsibility ... so , i thought i would share something that really frustrates me and see if any of you enfjs out ... i had to smile when i read this list ... all of it is very very true . people are always trying to put me in a position of authority , or come to me when someone needs to be told what hole their head ... i have been known to be really quiet around boys and girls i like . i will also avoid touching them because i enjoy touching too much . some of descriptive i have read above are spot on , but i still ... being touched is really really intense for me . to be touched means more to me than it would to other people . when i touch i mean it as an intention to bond . i can tell if people are touching me ... i took the enneagram test 6 times . i got 8 over and over . while enfj fits me really really well , i also cannot deny my 8 tendencies ... as much as they tend to conflict ... or make things interesting ... i am usually found as the hostess . cooking , directing , counseling the drunks , and keeping the energy inclusive to everyone . i love to be the ring leader of a party , but not the center of it . ... i love someone who is an istp ... my exact opposite . i act differently around him , but he also behaves differently around me . i make him into a chatty cathy and he makes me think more than i am ... thank you for the warm welcome ! i look forward to reading and contributing when and where i can . :D yes , i am an enfj . for better or worse i am the quintessential version of this type . for years i have denied my tendencies and now that i am in my 30 ' s i am learning how to embrace my ... i would like to add . dom / dominatrix . works in the interest of the client / plaything . does so at the wielding end of honesty . provides support and freedom to choose , but makes sure that the ... '