' i'm being blackmailed in circumstances i know seem unusual but i also know for a fact theyre true . it seems the longer i dont say something the more secure this person is in that ill neevr tell but ... i've had a 5-6 months im actively trying to forget since everytime i fucked up i was able to pull myself out and come back to reality and deal with it as best i could even when i started fucking up a ... my first post was done without reading the entire thread so i'm gonna re-think my thoughts about this . if he does have bpd , not too promote stigma , but it is a relational disorder so i assume he ... ive been listening to this and crying over and over https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av5Jb52yFBo first real experience i can recall was driving to my friends house in chicago from iowa for the semester break , it was late at night and in iowa during the winter everything's flat and kind of dead ... when i was diagnosed with hiv , i started practicing emotional regulation skills not through some kind of outside intervention but just a means to calm down the underlying panic and to be able to ... i had a good day , but just smoked at home and i get that feeling of being lost , i can handle it , its not as bad it used to be but i wonder if im just getting better at pushing it down or whether ... i had managed to find some kind of balance , i learned to suppress feelings of loneliness in some sense rationalize them away and the feeling of them being unresolved of never feeling or knowing them ... i've gone into a cycle where it seems like i end up self destruct mode where it feels like i can't change and life is unbearable , and its in those moments i get an opportunity to change . the girl i ... i feel ashamed of where i got in my life , but not only that but also how i feel about it , and this has been going on for years . i don't want to make it sound all bad , i have good experiences too , but ... i've got to resist the urge to hide out where it's safe and get more and more scared of change , and all the whole more and more frustrated at change becoming more difficult until it feels impossible , ... i think the gay stereotype is seen as a combination of sensitive and low self esteem , if you fit those two it's likely a lot of people will assume you're gay . i think it's really rude of your friends ... i think i've come closer to a lot of people over the internet and some people in real life . every time i've taken drugs of the psychedelic category it's like this horrible feeling , i know people ... they used to believe being sensitive made you more likely to develop along those lines in terms of sexuality for various reasons , so i could definitely seeing a higher percentage of infp males being ... i'm reading this book written by a female author who dresses up and passes as a man and goes into various mens fraternal social groups over the course of a year and a half , a bowling team in a blue ... i've started some medication which has anger / depression as a common side effect and i have noticed that i've become really quick to snap at people and just wait for someone to say or do something to ... this is a weird dream i had not long ago , i wrote it down but even then forgot parts of it before getting it down and then lost the notebook i had written it down in so this is what i managed to ... i searched for a dream thread cause i thought better to revive one then bring a new one around , but this is a weird / interesting dream i had recently . this dream had two major parts to it , the ... are you cantankerous ? abrasive at times even ? sometimes i seem abrasive because ix92m sort of emotionally guarded in a situation so despite no necessarily meaning to be unfriendly my withholding ... if your young it might be it might be immaturity of the people surrounding you . i felt the same way about my friends when we were in highschool , but years later man a lot of them are much more ... i have a hard time talking to a therapist because i feel like supportive relationships are mutual , a friend comes to you and it's by displaying whatever they're feeling that's difficult to make sense ... i kind of fell back into old habits that i managed to crawl myself out of after getting diagnosed . it was a weird feeling , i have the habit of blaming everyone around me for whatever my problem is , ... i don't know if i'm overly sensitive or if certain people who irk me are genuinely upsetting . everytime i'm around my sister she goes off about how her white friends don't understand they're ... nvm nvm .. i was really conflicted about taking antidepressants because i felt like they might zombify me , or do some sort of harm that's incredibly important but incredibly subtle and that i would regret the ... i feel for you , i'm kind of in the same position . some people do reach out to me to hang out but i've been somewhat a hermit for a while now and i avoided all those opportunities to reach out to ... you can't or not that you can't but its hypocritical to talk about the moral degradation of america when your face is full of botox , which shows a preoccupation with appearance rather then character ... i feel like i'm in a bubble lately . it's not exactly anxiety it's like a well regulated shell that keeps everything out , but it drains you after a while . i don't know why i keep coming back in here , ... this is my life what if when you dunk a cookie in milk ... - funny pictures & funny jokes | jokideo | i wonder how much of our idea of our ancestors brutality , is really a projection of all the darkness inside modern people . you always hear about how cavemen were immensely libidinous or barbaric , ... so many of the people closest to me know nothing about me . i remember i used to hide doing drugs but after my overdose and hallucinations and everything that went along with it , i remember trying to ... i think if you believe that you'll never be happy , you're sort of sealing your fate . i don't mean to say that people don't have a space to complain , and not even complain but express whatever their ... i think the original distinction i made between building something up of its requisite parts through rigid logic is an example of te or thinking in general , whereas ne or intuition in general would ... thank you for this it gave me a lot to think about , in terms of my own type actually . i think what i need to look into is the difference between thinking and intuition . i'm pretty sure i'm fi ... i remember feeling so lonely for so long . seeing someone who hugged their parents and it seemed as if they loved each other and feeling empty of that feeling , but back then still hoping one day i ... i think we all need to let go of concepts like being a loser . try to find what you value inside yourself and the strength to live your life according to it , society is made up of a bunch of ... so when i have an intuition towards something , it's as if my basic perceptive ability goes through and towards something that my mind in language couldnt arrive at quickly enough . afterwards of ... i remember the first time i felt it i was walking back to my room after a second date with a girl , and this feeling sort of rose in me that was really unlike any other feeling , and it sort of caught ... i really want to learn how to approach people , or anyone like random people on the street see them as potential friends rather then potential sources of conflict , whether i actually have it in me to ... i have to decide tomorrow whether or not to take medication . i guess i got over the initial shock of finding out i'm sick , and it's faded into the background . i told a few people who were closest to ... i actually fell into this kind of behavior before .. i can't speak for everyone's experience because someone somewhere may sound they found it empowering or a positive experience but for me it involved ... i'm starting to realize how much it would hurt someone to say that you hate them . my mom runs a daycare and i see a bunc of litle kids all day and i have neices and nephews and seeing them when ... there's a quote by rumi that goes the cure for pain is in the pain . i don ' know if thats kind of what you were getting at it kind of sort of is but isnt exactly what i understood you to mean the ... my mind always feels so still after running . with all the clouds of constant thoughts parted for a bit , i realize theres some drive , some kind of experiance ro something waiting to be attended too , ... 1 ) is there meaning or is it an illusion out of necessity because of the horror of reality being chaos , essentially signifying nothing . 2 ) look inward or outward ? which is sane / insane , is there ... it scares me a little to think about how my posts are always reminiscent of the last post i read , how i absorb peoples way of relating so quickly , and to me it feels false . i don't think its empathy ... i can't sign up for any classes because i had a hold on my tuition and everything i need is filled up .. there's no point in complaining about it i guess since there's nothing i can do about it , but ... i kind of realized how futile it is to stress about how when i'm anxious i may come across as angry , and how its upsetting to sort of feel people may feel uncomfortable around you , but realized i ... i took a long while off because i felt like i started spending a lot of my time on personalitycafe reading through debate threads and arguing with people in my mind , and just like a lot of what ... '