' what about when you hurt someone else ? do you shrug that off easily ? gift certificate to barns & noble , game stop , or shell . my esfj insists that she is right , even when there are demonstrable facts to show that she is wrong . why does she do this ? why not have that conversation , then ? ask him why he thinks you'd wind up working at bk if you moved out on your own . don't argue with him , just listen . i know this will be hard for you , but could you try to listen to him to see if he has a point ? would you get by on your own ? you say you don't care about housework and such , but what would it ... you do this . i was going to say brad pitt and angelina jolie , but no way is pitt an nt . st maybe . bob bradley , us men's national soccer team manager . stoic , wears a track suit to games , confident , goal oriented . there was an article on espn recently that really confirmed it for me . intj ... that ... or taxes this is more a function of age than personality . younger people , more idealistic , having less life experience will tend to be more left / libertarian . many become conservative when they start looking ... i work in it as a database admin , and i'm fairly successful at it . i'm not rich , but i really don't want to be . i have a master's degree , so educationally , i'm doing well . i'm married and ... i don't honestly see why a rational would engage in an open relationship . it's a logical contradiction . it's essentially friends with benefits . a relationship , by definition , is one that is ... first , i would take $ 20 - $ 25m and invest it in such a way that it gained inflation +1-2 % , and then live off the 1-2 % . for the rest i would establish a non-profit foundation that would look to help ... database administrator ( computer geek to most people ) i think the ' n's bring vision and anticipation to the field , often making others better in the process . my daughter is an ' n ' , and her best strengths ( soccer ) are vision and leadership . often , when ... i appreciate an apology accompanied by action , either compensation or real personal change or both . but words are just words . yeah . possible tendency , but would require some serious damage . no . we just don't pay attention to them or express them often no . i can see how intjs may be portrayed that way , but that ... we hate being around all the ' exfx's who do nothing but chatter and talk about nothing as though it matters . it's boring and taxing . i played piano when i was young . i can still plink , but only for myself . i played baritone , trombone , tube through middle / high school in bad . i learned to play some guitar as an adult ( blues ) ... i want the absolutely heartless and absolutely principled folks in government . i went entj and intj , and the more extreme the better , as long as they are committed to a small but solid governmental ... ( we'll see how much of a ' t ' you really are ... ) i think this is more a father / teen issue , than a personality issue . [ / list ] that's because most teenagers ( probably you included ) put it off ... i am unashamedly christian , although i acknowledge that much of the western church has appealed to feelers more than thinkers . i think my faith comes more from my ni than ti , although they ... i didn't know bigotry of this stench still existed . i have feelings ... i can distinctly remember two different times when i felt ... we're cool because we're always right . thanks for the warm welcome , everyone . i think i finally got my sig working ... my sig ? hmmm revenge is for ' f's . ( imagine being intj all the time ... ) i think i just become more intj ... if that's possible . maybe some ' t ' ( normally 100 % ) gives way to a little ' f ' , but my ' i ' goes to around 150 % . but it is nice to be able to tell someone that their rep was nice , but they don't know what they're talking about ... ( oops .. did my intj just show again ? ) i was depressed for a while when i lost my job for 4 months . the stress was just killing me . i was able to keep it down by distracting myself with mmorpgs , but it was frustrating not being able to ... thanks .. apparently , i am a type 1 ? is that common for intjs ? lol ... i do have to admit that for all the civility filters i create , those thoughts still go through ... thanks ! i shall . i would probably choose someone either with ' n ' or ' t ' , not necessarily both . ' e ' would be nice , too . esfp would be good , just for the fun factor . a nurturer would be interesting . the only time that happens is if there are 4 of us sharing a hotel room . if there are three , the other two are sharing . i sleep in my bed . they get the couch or chair or floor or whatever ... yeah , another one . i'm actually glad to meet some online , because i don't think i know any irl . ( i'm an intj , i never know what to say in intro threads ... ) '