' just remember you and all trump voters are the deadweight of the human race . they are insufferable to you the way a match is insufferable to a tick or soap is insufferable to a zit . honestly if trump gets elected humanity would have then proven its too dumb to live and the nuclear apocalypse that results from our neon orange man child tweeting at putin at 2 in the morning would ... thank you for proving my point . people like you are the wobbly leg of democracy . you have no business making decisions of any import beyond which nostril to pick or whether to add extra mayo . donald trump is an insane idiot . if you're stupid enough to vote for that whirling dervish of personality disorders you deserve to be thrown into a pit filled with scorpions and grenades . his ... aaaactuually the word your looking for is initialism . acronyms need to be able to be pronounced as something other than their individual letters . sergeant mayhem ? i am at least a colonel . rather depends on the target . entj son . one of the best things you can do is to be placed into a situation where you are forced to do regimented , daily grindstone type work . external structute is essential , for me anyway , because i have ... oh god this woman is awful . what the fuck the pretty ones are always so dumb . que lastima . i would still plow you though . you are the hitler :( yeah not reading that huge block of text but you do have great tits . also i am better than you . listen , i said i'd sleep with your sister , what more do you want from me ? ? ? somehow i now feel both prouder and smarter . let's synthesize a culture with 3 day weekends and free ice cream . you're ... kinda dumb . however , i would still bang you . as a courtesy . lol lol try 153 bruh ;D not even men ? ugh . this girl's a little too aggressively retarded for my tastes . but alcohol is sweet ? i think entps are excellent spellers . just out of curiosity , what kind of modeling do you do ? i obviously made a simple typographical error , but the fact that i allowed you to correct me on something like this yields the deepest shame my soul is capable of producing . gaaahhh this issue is not complex at all . it's 100 % nurture . when did i notice i wanted to bang chicks ? ohhh around 12 years of age . and there's no amount of conditioning that could have completely ... could you include details so we know what the hell you're talking about ? pearls before swine . yeah , life = pain sometimes . keep going , it will change . are you 12 ? the theoretical foundation of mbti is junk but somehow , empirically , the types seem to correspond to real-world clusters of personality traits . psychology is a joke of a science anyway , so make your ... but women are jealous and you probably won't be able to overcome your feelings , so just tell him to chill out and if he's not an idiot he'll see where you're coming from . speaking from my own experience , a significant part of his ego at this point in his life is likely pinned on his charm and savoir faire . flirting with every woman that walks by is : a . habitual and ... we are fantastic at addition but i think multiplication is our strong suit . yes . let's never do drugs or have any fun ever . i love scotch as much as the next guy but saying bourbon sucks makes me think your tongue doesn't function properly or you have a lobotomy somewhere in your past . haha you do lsd regularly ? wow . dude , life is hard . you'll grow old and ugly worrying and then die . just do the best you can and don't skimp on the bourbon . uhhh ... is this guy for real ? haha , clever girl . i do the same thing . there are few things on this earth that could convince me to part with a glass of glenmorangie , but a cuban cigar is definitely one of them . deal . you know , i've never really liked the term penetrative sex . on an aesthetic level , i mean . it's such an ugly , mechanical description and it kind of even connotes violence . anyway , the fact that ... so you got naked in bed ... and just layed there ? how does that work ? ? ? wtf ? ? also , being like oh we're not having sex and then promptly having sex now sets the stage for him to try to have sex with you even after you say no . he's going to be trying to plough ( hehe ) through ... omg shut up about how rational and superior you are it makes me want to throw a suitcase full of grenades at you . '