' we are talking about this on facebook ( infj haven ) . i am wondering if more people might weigh in here ? come join us , sunday , if you get a chance ! come join us , sunday , if you get a chance ! come join us , sunday , if you get a chance ! come join us , sunday , if you get a chance ! come join us , sunday , if you have a chance ! have a good time ! thanks ! sorry . :-( tickets aren't too bad on alaska . i got mine for 300 from la to seattle . seattle-area nfs and friends , please join us for a christmas 2014 meetup ! i'm an infj from the los angeles , ca , area who has been organizing mbti-based meetups for the past three years . they are ... seattle-area nfs and friends , please join us for a christmas 2014 meetup ! i'm an infj from the los angeles , ca , area who has been organizing mbti-based meetups for the past three years . they are ... seattle-area nfs and friends , please join us for a christmas 2014 meetup ! i'm an infj from the los angeles , ca , area who has been organizing mbti-based meetups for the past three years . they are ... seattle-area nfs and friends , please join us for a christmas 2014 meetup ! i'm an infj from the los angeles , ca , area who has been organizing mbti-based meetups for the past three years . they are ... seattle-area nfs and friends , please join us for a christmas 2014 meetup ! i'm an infj from the los angeles , ca , area who has been organizing mbti-based meetups for the past three years . they are ... this perspective on rejection is the height of maturity--mindfulness . indeed , thank you for not wasting my time , telling the truth , severing the bond : this makes room for someone who wants my ... if you've always wanted to meet other infjs , here's your chance ! i do not hold these events ( infj only ) often , so if you can make it , i hope you do ! next infj meetup : when : may 5 , 2013 . ... - - - that's great advice . i hadn't thought of perusing their own advertisements of themselves and determining type / intent from that . thanks ! - - - btw , i am glad you find a great therapist . it's so ... - - - thanks , teybo ! as you say , i think it will come down to opening up the yellow pages to the counseling section , calling , and asking about type--which was the advice given on the infp forum ... - - - unfortunately , i don't know the answer to that question . based on what she said , i think she probably needs skills as well as a long-term therapist . - - - thank you ! based on what you ... my friend only told me that the sessions were not helping , s / he did not feel understood , and that s / he felt no connection . i do not know what her specific issues are . indeed , a specialist in an ... - - - according to this article , ( myers-briggs : who becomes a psychologist ? ; strong interest : flat profiles ; firo-b : team role mismatches ; tki : downside to avoiding ) , the population of ... - - - according to this article , ( myers-briggs : who becomes a psychologist ? ; strong interest : flat profiles ; firo-b : team role mismatches ; tki : downside to avoiding ) , the population of ... - - - according to this article , ( myers-briggs : who becomes a psychologist ? ; strong interest : flat profiles ; firo-b : team role mismatches ; tki : downside to avoiding ) , the population of ... - - - according to this article , ( myers-briggs : who becomes a psychologist ? ; strong interest : flat profiles ; firo-b : team role mismatches ; tki : downside to avoiding ) , the population of ... - - - more videos ! yay ! and , more importantly , some great people and perspectives . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXtnpTo-fyk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pas7-ih_NAA ... brownicus and i talk mbti ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUHKgQUKv-Q teybo and i talk mbti ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pas7-ih_NAA iustinus and i talk mbti , including about some infj-infp communication issues and differences . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXtnpTo-fyk congratulations ! ! ! - - - your comment cracked me up . :) - - - welcome to perc ! - - - thank you to everyone who responded . - - - thanks to this thread and a lot of thinking , i was finally able to process one of the last things my therapist has been trying to get me to realize ... - - - thank you for your response . i am not sure how to explain the issues without tainting the description with my conclusions ( and i cannot be sure i am including all the relevant details ) , but i ... - - - i would like to ask a few questions to infjs married to istjs : how long have you been or were you married ? please answer this one . if you are or have been married to an istj , what advice ... - - - i find stacking other systems on top of mbti , rather than looking for correspondences , helps me see nuance . the enneagram and strengthsfinder have been particularly helpful in this regard ... - - - for me , it is because i care greatly about someone's reasoning process--how they come to conclusions--but i do not accept conclusions as delivered . my questions help me develop another ... type - 1 : 6.5 / 10 type - 2 : 8/ 10 type - 3 : 1/10 type - 4 : 8/ 10 type - 5 : 7/10 type - 6 : 2.5 / 10 type - 7 : 9/10 type - 8: 0/10 type - 9 : 9/10 - - - thank you for sharing . - - - this is a struggle between ni-fe and inferior se . i encourage you to ask yourself what you want out of your life ( and your relationship ( s ) ) , and then consider how ... - - - i've heard that infjs in general have this problem , but it may be a type - 9 ( enneagram ) problem , instead / too . if you are a type - 9 , try using the lessons of the enneagram to become more present ... - - - the purpose of this thread is to give our fellow infjs some data as far as what we married infjs have actually experienced in long-term marriages ( so please be honest--the option you select is ... - - - super-congratulations ! - - - my advice is to be yourself , be willing to joyfully work on the relationship with her , learn about infjs and about healthy relationships in general , and communicate ... - - - few people like to be judged by other people's standards . i think fi does this when the fi-user judges another person's actions or the value of another person based on whether the other person ... - - - ni-doms ( infj & intj ) are very much that way . ni is complemented by ne , inhibited by si (8 th-daemon function ) , and antagonized and informed by se ( 4th - inferior function ) . to understand the ... - - - infj-infj interaction ( just like that ): http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/4371311_o.gif - - - infj-nf interaction in general : ... - - - like what specifically ? - - - space whale . http://www.deviantart.com/download/75443316/Space_Whale_by_Kinzoku_Wolf.jpg 927 | the peacemaker - - - the national parks passport is something i bought . it can be found in pretty much any u . s . national park ( and i know other countries have them as well ( including england ) ) . - - - that's awesome ... - - - welcome to the infj forum ! - - - as a child , i was essentially raised to collect things . my whole family collects things . a lot of that is a combination of materialism ( in my family--i don't ... '