' remarkable creatures - tracy chevalier hamlet - shakespeare wooo , you make me interested . dracula by bram stoker oranges are not the only fruits by jeanette winterson yeah , i come off as super innocent . once , my friends were talking pervo stuff and since i was daydreaming and didn't listen attentively to the previous conversation so i just casually asked , what do ... when i was a kid , i had a crush on kovu . i rewatched lion king 2 plenty of times just cause i love kovu and kiara . ahahaha .   ... 4 . pretty good i learnt and experienced plenty this year . i felt like i really grew as a person . i used to be wary and extremely cautious of people , but i have come to realize that not all people ... this . seriously , asian community is like an uber sensory mine field . chinese community = sjs , the males are expected to be all xstjs while the females are expected to be xsfjs . yes to this , ... i don't understand ... intj reaction's to physical contact varies and is dependent on the initiator but how come my intj friend is so inconsistent with his reactions ? normally , when i ... : crazy : ( in no order ) 1 . my medicine - pretty reckless 2 . swingset chain - locquat 3 . sway - the perishers 4 . happy ending - mika 5 . use somebody - laura jansen ( cover ) / kings of ... infj - i don't know , what is it with infjs , but i have an amazing connection with them esp with my infj best friend . he easily picks up on my emotions and thoughts when others can't . and i have to ... this is hilarious ... http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l4vfl3OqNa1qzuhd2o1_500.jpg i just completed little face by sophie hannah and now 1/4 through alice's adventures in wonderland , starting on merlin and the alchemist's secret . haha , i have a bad habit of reading three / two books ... i am a free thinker . i think free thinker have somewhat of a bad rep , because i have a friend who once told me that free thinkers don't think , that's why they are free thinkers . we definitely ... i don't know , i just give off the impression that i am a dumb , somewhat ditzy and in-her-own-world girl . and it's just that whenever someone ask me a question , i am too lazy to give them a detailed ... - bridge to terabithia this is one of my favourite movies . it was so sweet ( the imagination , the idea that if you just opened your mind , you could create a whole new world ) , so bittersweet . i cried ... mummies , for a period of time , i refrained from calling my mom , mummy because i was afraid that she would turn into a mummy . barbie dolls . i used to respect and admire this girl whom was older ... ravenclaw ^ ^ ... your profile picture strikes me as a claw edit : ahhh , i was referring to somebody else ... slytherin my grades in school were on the extremes and i share milkylatte's sentiments on being presented with procedures and follow those thorougly and doing it my way , but shit , my grades got pulled down ... your artwork is so refreshing and beautiful . i love the details & you are truly talented . : wink : i am fast and is good at sports , but i just lack the drive / do not put in effort to improve myself . i can definitely relate with mannyp's article on sports success in infp . i just joined ... i experienced it before . i was sitting quietly on a staircase and was looking at the wall . at first , the wall seemed very lifeless and dead , but the more i stared at it , i can sense / see this flashing ... you are on your way home from a mind draining history exam , but you are absolutely excited because you have imagined a whole new world inside your head and you have even imagined a socialist system , ... i dream in black and white and sometimes in a colour . ( i once had this dream in all shades of pink , it was creepy because i was not a big fanatic of pink ) . and i don't get why ... whenever i dream , if ... people disappear when they die . their voice , their laughter , the warmth of their breath . their flesh . eventually their bones . all living memory of them ceases . this is both dreadful and ... you know you're an infp when ... you laugh at your intj sister for not realizing that she is wearing mismatched flip flops , only to go shit ... i am wearing mismatched flip flops too .  ... laughter . sharing a good laugh with someone else is like a conversation opener for me . i am not very introverted but i get awkward and shy around people i don't know , but when i share a good nice ... ahhh i get really strong urges of wanderlust and it makes me dream of all the different places i want to be . it's a really strange but wonderful feeling , it makes my heart feel so restless and ... i am going overseas for my university studies and am thinking of studying classics , though i heard latin is a very difficult language to learn . i might take up political science , and maybe minor in ... haha i do that too . but i hide their phones / cash for 10 minutes and watch them freak out and search aimlessly for the cell phone . though , i only steal and hide my friend's phones / cash because those ... on flirty crazy days , i would wear something like this . http://www.polyvore.com/cgi/img-set/BQcDAAAwoDanBnAAABC5vdXQKFkxLVlNWdUgxM2hHLTJyOHNyemJXTncAAACaWQKAWUAAAEc2l6ZQ.jpg i don't own ... cassie is a total infp . :D :D :D :D :D in school . ( intj gd fren : i swear if he never sat next to me in sch & gave me the opportunity to look past the mask he masqueraded , i would have just assumed he was one of those irritating estp ... http://img192.imageshack.us/img192/5484/hydesktop.png there are more things in heaven and earth , than are dreamt of in your philosophy . - william shakespeare when we grow up , our heart dies . - the breakfast club ( movie ) do not let your fire go ... i really like my infj friend . he is crazy and fun and loving and caring and sarcastic and cynical and like a breath of fresh air in this greyness . i don't know , we aren't exactly the best of ... social wise , i was considered the ' rebellious class clown ' in class and was pretty noisy ... kept talking and talking and talking in class and i couldn't stop , especially when i was beside my enfp ... dad : istj mom : isfp oldest child ( me ): infp middle child ( sis ): intj baby brother : xxfp yeah , basically almost everyone is an introvert . i think i just saw intj gd friend in soft mode a few days ago ... and omg ... epic & rare adorableness oozing out of him . all of a sudden , he looked at me and gave me this genuine smile , not the ... don't worry ... i think once you are in their circle of close friends , you are in ~ , practically for life . my enfp best friend prides friendship / relationships ( with family ) as the main thing in his ... ne - fi - ti ... a normal day is as such , ne-fi walk hand in hand , while walking the ti-dog . sounds weird . and when a problem arises , the ti-dog uses its impeccable logic to drive away the problem ... full metal alchemist ( manga , the manga is awesome ~ ! ! ! i have never watched the anime before though ) , one piece , shaman king , death note , the girl who leapt through time ( i like sci-fi :P ) , ... i am writing about interactions instead . i don't really remember how we became friends . i don't share a romantic relationship with him ... more of a competitive friendship , but the friendly kind . ... not really answering to the qns ... but just wanted to post this video because i really like this song . :P i know it's far from being an ideal song to fall asleep to / when experiencing insomnia but i ... don't , if you mind getting your ego squished flat like pancakes ... i got squashed terribly . intj killed me in four steps ( said something about a 4 - step-win ) , didn't even gave me a chance , even though ... http://19.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kved9zikMB1qasbyxo1_r1_500.jpg gaspard ulliel . http://img697.imageshack.us/img697/3294/b0d7224a3594418dcf757df.png the guy on the left . yamapi from news ( japan ... try reading this website , it's quite helpful in determining whether you are an infj or infp . there is a chapter on the differing communication style of an infj and an infp ( in my own opinion , it's ... kiss me by sixpence none the richer istp . in typelogic , they say infp view istp as an enigma . i have known two istps in my life , a male and a female , and i have difficulty understanding where they are coming from . your persuasion is working . i am interested . you are 15 ? ! ! ! i have always thought you were 20 + ... you seemed very mature . okay .. getting back to topic ... i discovered the mbti when i was 13 , got interested in the system , was trapped in ... akito hayama from kodomo no omacha tao ren from shaman king syaoran li from cardcaptor sakura i don't think anybody would call pre ! shippuden gaara a knight or a hero , but i like him . '