im 26 ! i had to think about how old i was .. i honestly still feel 18 . 😉 sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk thank you . i know if i dont nip it in the bud now this is just a preview of the rest of the life i will lead . not okay for me and i definitely can't have my kids around this nonsense ! ! i am sad ... he is . i'm at wits end . grrr . thanks for the kind words love 😊 sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk my husband really showed his true colours yesterday . it was my first therapy session , i had asked him to take care of our children . he made it clear he wasn't happy about watching them while i went ... yes ! your eyes are super pretty too ! 😊 my eyes seem to do the same thing too . different clothes and hair colour always change up how my eye colour looks . sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk thankyou ! ! this photo is filtered so my eye colour looks tweaked .. but they often change blue / grey / green 😊 😊 sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk feeling i need to change it up a little these days .. maybe back to red hair .. hmm . http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161207/9236f96b272e14ad6ac8276b706d1444.jpg sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk haha yes . my uncle has a bull mastiff called dave . every time he calls him over i cant help but laugh ! i have a horribly odd name , pretty sure it was pulled out of my distant , father's ass when he ... thank you for the advice . its nice to hear experiences from the other side of the fence . i am facing and i do worry about my children disliking that they will grow up without a normal family home ... thank you for this . i realize that i need to leave for my own sanity and my childrens . its such a sad , hard decision to make . but his anger and rage makes it impossible for us to be in a happy ... when somebody in your life is dragging you down .. holding you back .. is it right to let them go ? even if it would crush them ? why is it so hard to be selfish ? why must i stay in relationships that ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161118/5672d06c633b29e30992a4094525f8d4.jpg sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk well , i fear that he is treating me badly . i actually feel confused . hes great for a period of time . great father , great husband . then he gets into an angry state that can last days or weeks . he ... not 100 % but i was pretty sure . sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk things would be different because i would no longer be tied to him and his debt to the child support he owes . the enforcement could no longer take away from my childrens plate and give to somebody ... thank you so much for this . this is my different perspective on the situation . that i have very good reason to feel the way i do . i know that i have all the reason to feel angry at him and for a ... thank you . i will do that . i dont feel quite ready to throw in the towel . i just have this odd sense of urgency right now that i have to do something . i think if we can get a handle on our situation ... thanks for all the replies . the situation is a little complicated , i wouldnt say i have lost the love completely . im still in love with him , but he is becoming someone i do not know .. ultimately i ... i have found myself in a confusing state . im in a less than favourable situation and have found myself become extremely introverted , detached and extremely cold to my other half . basically , my ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161105/56a2d1a1030cc6540477fabd79d635ec.jpg sent from my sm-g 920w8 using tapatalk i have always been a serious perfectionist . can't do something , can't start something unless i know it will be perfect . school work , my appearance , my job , driving , children , cleaning and ... no i'm not taking anything but a prenatal mix right now .. but i will look into it ! ! i'v never been much of vitamin taker .. i eat really clean so thought i was okay . but i'm willing to try anything to ... i looked into supplementing with amino acids for my anxiety , certain supplements for certain symptoms . there is a supplement called tyrosine for low catecholamines . symptoms being ; depression and ... hello ! ! :) i would really like to change my name on here .. can anyone point me in the right direction please ? tia :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk - too intense . - cold , no feelings . ( so far from the truth ) - stuck in my own way , arrogant . - too quiet . - expect too much from others . ( i don't feel i do , but i do feel people should ... growing up i was taught to have faith in god . it just didn't make sense to me or benefit me in any type of way . when i went into religious studies , i was even more confused how there were so many ... congratulations ! ! absolutely beautiful . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i just wanted to chime in and let you know that abusive relationships have that ' magic ' in them . before i met my husband i was in a terribly abusive relationship . unfortunately i stayed in far longer ... everything posted is so very accurate . haha [ emoji 23 ] can't help but laugh . my girlfriend is constantly saying i'm the calmest most laid back person she ever met . i'm constantly rationalizing ... how many times do you take shit from somebody and get hurt just to ' make it work ' ? how many times do you turn a blind eye to the flaws because you believe deep down there is good in a person ? ... yes . the repetitive whining absolutely irks me to no end . i love my friend , bless her heart .. but sometimes i have to end the conversation or just stop answering and hope she gets the hint . she ... thanks for all the replies . i find it interesting as i can relate to everything you have all said . hardly ever angry , but when i do it's definitely a little explosion . very rarely does it come out ... as of the past month , my family and i are going through a huge shift and i'v noticed my anger has been getting intense at times due to stress . being a little older now , i can quickly wind down and ... i'm extremely prideful . in more ways than i care to admit actually . i like things done my way , i like to do things independently and i will never ask for help . it's just not in me to ask or accept ... i can bring myself to orgasm easily alone .. but it's definitely not the same as when i'm with my partner . i too need another person in on the action . physically though , i can do it alone easily . it ... my mil has always hated me . long story but basically she treated me like shit while i tried to build some sort of relationship with her . when our son was born , she completely stopped talking to me ... i'll share ! i was in a horrible young relationship with an estj .. he became addicted to prescription medication and the end was pretty traumatic for myself . being a young single mother i found ... i share a lot of those mannerisms myself . i don't have much input on what types share these , but i find it extremely uncomfortable to look at a person in the eye when i'm talking to them . i often ... i have also experienced very strange coincidences like this also . in dreams and in consciousness . i at one point , thought it might be more of a mental health issue and me imagining things . the most ... thanks reisiger , i messaged you . it sure is nice to have this venting thread at a time like this ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk of course this morning my husbands company told him they will now be working through the weekend . our sons 2nd birthday was booked on the saturday .. his birthday on the thursday . i feel like this was ... i'm still so worried about my husband .. he cried on the phone again tonight but says he doesn't know what is wrong or why he's sad .. :( i have either a horrible paranoid feeling that he does know ... have you ever heard of a meditation technique called ' ride the wild horse ' ? basically it's to help control emotions and stress in every day life . first you need to learn a quick stress relief and ... there are multiple things that i have found that helps increase energy . i used to feel fatigued lots , but now i only have the odd days . it was a mix between fatigue and procrastination more so i ... i too have been dealing with depression and anxiety for a few years . i also let things bottle up as i don't like to / can't express my feelings much . then everything explodes and i have a little ... my husband is an entp and i feel the same way still to this day ! i honestly sing his praises , he is and has always been my favourite person in the world . when we met , it was a whirlwind of emotions ... i find ni hard to put into words , i was actually unaware i even used ni until i learned of mbti and the functions . i'm still new to it all , so forgive me if i'm wrong or misunderstanding ... but to ... i have felt this way in the past and sometimes have recently . i have wondered that maybe i was the problem .. since almost all my relationships have felt this way too . it didn't help that all 3 of my ... i'm extremely worried about my daughters education . i decided on french immersion , in kindergarten - grade 1 she seemed fantastic and a quick learner like she always has been since a baby . in grade 2 ... i'm not 100 % on it , but the online tests showed i was type 2 yes :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk