' so here's a short background : i'm 28 years old . i come from a big , overachieving family where majority are successful doctors . i became a lawyer because i thought i'd be good at it and i've been ... don't mind if i do . i'm not married , i have no children . but i'm engaged to the first and only man i can see myself with decades from now , and everyday , i thank my lucky stars i didn't settle for ... ahhh . the notorious entp extra-high standards . i'll keep it short since everyone pretty much gave you good advice . you just have to meet the right girl . i'm a late bloomer myself . i didn't get ... so true ! when i got into law school , i found it strange that most of the girls in my class were sf types . law school being a survival of the fittest type of arena , i had no choice but to make ... it's unfair to say two ne-dominants is dangerous based on theory alone . i'm not an expert on cognitive functions ( so please pardon my lack of technical terms ) , but what i have is a truckload of ... in general , it sucks when people don't get your ne thinking and humor . it especially sucks being a female entp , where your every move is criticized by more feminine girls and they hate you for it ... thank you for your insight ! i'm glad to hear from someone with personal experience . i guess that's inevitable ; i hear more mature people say things like that too every now and then . i just have to ... my toy poodle , redford , is a trophy dog . don't get me wrong , i love that furball to bits . but when i found out that my brother was giving me a dog , the first thought in my mind was , yesss ! i'll ... i understand how you would think that way . my intj friend initially thought it was an act of vengeance on my part . but i've thought about it long and hard , especially since i have the most to lose , ... thanks for your input . my friend and i still share a few laughs every once in a while , and i always thought that was enough , but i guess we just need to have some sort of closure to this . i've never ... this will be a little , complicated story about a part of my past . it might be a little too detailed , but please bear with me ! : happy : so a few years ago , i met this enfj guy in law school . to make ... i get absolutely bored when my friends start talking about celebrities . or other people , for that matter . i guess that's the downside to being a girl with non-nt girlfriends . why can't we talk about ... when someone totally misses the point when i make an argument . and worse , when that someone actually answers my rhetorical questions . i mean , c'mon . i do that too when i meet new girls . then once we become closer , i tend to go crazy too . unfortunately , my longtime friends are all sensing types and most of them are feelers too , so you can imagine ... i don't have add but i tend to display add characteristics . i think it's part of being an entp . i tend to do the whole oh look , a squirrel ! thing in the middle of a conversation , but i have no ... lawyer ! at some point , i genuinely wanted to be a popstar . then i grew up and decided to become a lawyer . it's perfect . you get to perform on the job , it's more stable than being a performer , ... i can relate to that as well . i realized that hanging out my old group really drained me because most of the time , they'd talk about celebrities or some new girl they hate , and i'd be all , hey mark ! ... that's so true . i've always wondered why i didn't have many close female friends and can't--for the life of me--think of anyone who can qualify as my best friend . i also tend to get along with most ... thanks for that ! yep , i've been consciously trying to tone down my awesomeness when i'm around new people--female and male , but it can get very exhausting . it's especially true here in the ... wow , good for you ! actually , i'm looking forward to becoming a lawyer already because i think i'm going to meet a few women who might actually think like me , or at least get me . what's it like having ... you're right . it's really hard to find nt women . but it's been the opposite with me . women generally like me when it comes to first impressions ( except the really conservative , sensitive ones who ... i can totally relate about the mother thing . my mom and i had countless clashes back when i was a teenager because she felt i was a little too abrasive . she recently told me how proud she was of how ... i'm an entp woman and sometimes , it can be a little frustrating when women end up disliking me because of my personality . my male friends have told me that they find me intimidating , but it has never ... i went to an all-girls high school and , needless to say , the popular girls didn't like me very much for some strange reason . i was neither super popular nor unpopular although i had my own group of ... my boyfriend and i are doing great and going at 8 months this month . the priority thing hasn't come up in several months . in the first few months , there are times he wouldn't see me because he's ... i do that to my friends too , especially since we're all sitting so close together in class . if i have a trustworthy friend , i'll pass the stolen object on to him or her and embark on this elaborate ... yes , i understand your scenario . i don't like pulling him out of whatever outing he's in just because i want something at that moment . i understand that it's going to be inconvenient for him if i do ... we usually debate only shallow stuff for the sake of having fun and lively conversations . i've noticed that the more i like the person , the more i'll debate with him / her because it's how i connect ... i have an entp friend who's dating this ultra-rich ( think hotel-chain heir ) but super-nice guy . she told me that knowing how filthy rich the guy is , is like knowing that he has brown hair . it's ... loved messing with my classmates ' minds since grade school : i'm pure filipina with dark skin and dark eyes , but somehow , i was able to convince the class valedictorian that i had blue eyes . me : ... a lot of guys have told me that i intimidate them and / or assume that i'm already taken . that resulted to my having my first boyfriend at the ripe old age of 22 ! although i intimidate guys , i ... alright , i will . i just don't want to react so quickly without having evidence , you know ? i want to make sure that the behavior that bothers me is actually there before i tell him about it . i don't ... that's the way it was with my enfp boyfriend . we went out everyday for the first week and by the third day he was professing how much he really liked me . for the entire second week he had to travel ... i used to need to get the last word in , but ever since i got into law school , i've learned to tame that side of me . law school is full of people like that and i didn't want to clash with any ( at ... one of my ' favorite friends ' is an intj . he's one of the few people that i actually look forward to having a conversation with , although he's also one of the few that can beat me at the whole mind ... personally , i can be romantic and gentle but not all the time . i guess it helps that my boyfriend is an f so it's usually up to him to initiate the lovey-dovey stuff . that's when i respond in kind ... i'm an entp and my enfp boyfriend and i have been together for 3 months now . we're both in our early 20 ' s and in our first serious relationship . before we became steady , i scoured the net looking at ... oh wow . now i get my boyfriend . he's an enfp and we have this joke that i'm actually the guy in the relationship while he's the girl . he's all sweet and mushy which i'm not used to but i surprisingly ... as entp's , we're not really known for being touchy-feely and all . we think , after all , not feel . i noticed that the more i like someone ( as friends ) , the more i'll make fun of him / her , but not to ... i love my personality type although i can't say i've met any other entp's aside from myself . judging from experience , the people who don't really know me and who have a surplusage in sensitivity ... i'd buy all the yummy gadgets i've always wanted and wipe out the entire thinkgeek inventory . 1 . ) unethical - hmm ... not really . i think i'm highly ethical in that i have my own set of principles that i strictly follow ( i don't cheat in exams , don't say bad words , etc . ) 2 . ) joker - oh yeah ... hahaha . when i first tested as an entp , i was so skeptical i retook different kinds of tests over and over again , and read up on entp descriptions everyday for the next two weeks . that alone was a ... thanks . i've never been in a relationship before so i really have no idea what to expect or how things actually work in one . alright , i'll keep that in mind . i've been known to be a little ... thanks for the replies guys ! : laughing : assuming that my friend is an enfp , do you have any advice for me ( an entp ) on how to interact with him ? i read that they can get bored really fast or ... i'm 22 and i've been dating this guy ( he's 21 ) for over a week now . we both have never been in a relationship before . can anyone please confirm what personality type he is ? - before we started ... i guess that's also one of my fears , that i care about people too much that i lose my individuality . ( it sounds like a stupid thing to say , but i can't help it ... : unsure :) so far , ever since i ... i tried pm-ing but found that i couldn't ( i need to have 15 posts or more . ) i don't wanna post on the forums for the sake of reaching my quota , hehe . thanks . i've read about the 5 love languages before and told my mom about that but she ... didn't think much about it . ( mine is giving / receiving gifts , btw . i think only my sister gets me in that ... it's semestral break for us and i'm bored to death and been looking for something new to learn / kill time on . i'm going through that hole you guys keep talking about . man , i'm hating every second of ... '