wooow gz ! ! ! someone hand me an infj guy out for testing purposes , so i can write a report ^ ^ estj :D xd hahaha no im sure not an infj , too extraverted , every damn test i take is 80 + % extravert ^ ^ and i am . but nice to know that there are other clumsy as fck ppl out there xd for me , it's def . a yes , sometimes i do not understand the motivation of what's being said , i accept the outcome , but i want to know why , how and where did it start . mhm ... once i trust i do ... and you came here , to say that : 3 totally not bothered at all :p uffer : <3 welcome . ^ ^ and i bet you like what you see ;) what if we say maybe ? i want to thank you and necrilia for your answers . to be honest , i didn't think it is that hard . he makes me feel non-existent . he says he is busy , but when it comes to something he wants to ... welcome to the forums ^ - ^ ! ! ! i hope you enjoy your time here thank you so much .. this really really helps . i'm not often insecure , but with him , i am . he makes me question my moves , am i too fast ? am i too annoying ? etc etc . makes me starving , yes , but i ... this looks fun ^ ^ let's get rid of everyone else and rule the world . favs : intp , entj , enfp , istp , esfp , intj least : estp welcome :P i already have one , i injure myself at least 3-4 times a week , cause i constantly run into things . last week i ran into a door , burned myself on a pan ( grade 2 burn ) cause cat distracted me , i ... i find it very interesting that you registered just now , and replied just to my post . call me paranoid , but thats suspicious o . o summoners wars ^ ^ its a mobile rpg game , a bit pokemon like i'd say all of it :) or maybe the fact that as heated as i can be , as cold i may become . thank you very much for ^ ^ welcoming me :) trying to hide the phone from myself , so i can't spam my infp crush , while he is busy : 3 hi ! very nice to meet you ! ^ . ^ another entp girl ! yay haha yeah :) well to the nt types , i'm very picky whom i chose as friends , especially females , i have massive problems with let's say 95 % ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiIfEh2RYLg omfg this helps atm so much o . o ... question : its my first time dating an infp , best advice for first month ? what to be really careful of ? haha thank you for that xd its day 1 and he already drives me crazy by emotional starvation ^ ^ ... even if he is the > _ > feeling one and i'm the thinking one .. but oh well .. i guess i just have to ... summoners war ! ! ! this part please haha . that not feeling , i have that sometimes too , my exbf always said i'm cold and not sensitive , most people would call me passionate though , til the point i lose interest . ... i honestly and deeply hope , that i won't ever understand my infp , but understand him enough to make him happy . may i ask for an advice ? we are in a super freshly new relationship , he is very shy , ... thanks everyone for the warm welcome and sorry for late reply , i was busy at work :( couldn't reply that fast . i'll try to herass em as good as i can .. i guess > . > ^ _ ^ i hope i will have lots ... :( wow so much hate for entps ... and i just got together with my infp ... kinda steals my thunder .. > . < idc i love my infp ! just hope i can treat him right . _ . thank you ! ! ! hi everyone ! i've been asking this myself for a while now , even before i knew i'm an entp . are we emotional morons ? looking back at the past 10 years i realized i'm an emotional idiot . i ... hi everyone ! i'm not really new to this forums , since i am reading here for a while . but my registration is new , i really needed advice this time haha and i got it , so i thought after my unorthodox ... i want to thank you from the depths of my heart . your advice helped me ... with being careful . i asked him for a call and he said yes , a night before the call i've written a poem , which i sent him a ... idk maybe its my entp insensitivity but i simply , don't understand it . i mean to me it is : you like me , i like you , where the f * * * is the problem ? just doesn't go into my brain . he said he didn't ... thanks for your reply , i didn't even think to that point yet . i decided atm to give him and myself space , situation is a little bit too heated . however , i just don't get why he would point out ... hello everyone ! i was a long time reader in this forum , and now i really have a question , excuse my english please i'm not native english speaker . i really like a guy , who happens to be infp . ...