' pithy . one thing that excites me profoundly is the rare grains of profound truth . as a youngin i found enlightenment to be the highest cause and have tried to encounter as much as i could along my ... i was underwhelmed by the season 3 premiere . i am holding out since i believe the goal was to build drama for the season . it's a tough show because kenny's character is on another level comedically ... this is all normal and healthy analysis for a young man . i think you are coming to a point where you are reconsidering what you want out of social interactions . i can be silly and stupid around my ... firstly , i consider success as separating yourself from the others in your field . the post with the list above is a very solid outline for successful behaviors . i believe that any intp who has a ... i am assuming the question is in the thread title and the quote is some additional profundity . my response is that nihilism is not depression . most people are unaware of how utterly nihilistic the ... there is a difference between having an independent mind and being alone . i am getting the feeling that many of posters so far are young . having an independent mind , or not connecting with ... i was intrigued by stoicism , mostly because of its hero : marcus aurelius . i recently have been reading letters from a stoic by seneca . basically i have found some things profound . for example we ... what ended up happening ? i only had a short intp fling but it's gotten messy lately because we are both trying to avoid appearing needy and hence have been blowing each other off . haha i don't think anyone should recommend you therapy after seeing you type 3 sentences . that is rather sick , actually . to the op : how old are you bro ? when i was younger ( teens ) there were times ... yes , but guys like to have that effect . to op : this is a complex question because it is based on many variables . each situation is different i think . as a general rule though : stranger : look ... haha 2/3 intps and basically all intj's are dicks the time has come for my permanent departure from this forum . i have learned some things here and find this type of subject-based destination a worthy place to express the self . however , time has ... women , alcohol , drugs , debauchery , bacchanalia---what other kind is there ? ? ? ism all sucks . it stifles your views . i also identified as a libertarian at some point , yet i prefer to take each issue from the ground up , rather than attempting to tie it into a dogma . the ... don't be too convinced by my analysis . intps are as different from one another as anyone else . but i'm saying due to the nature of my interests , girls with intellectual sides are generally attracted ... sometimes when i'm hungover , i am actually pretty vulnerable in this department . i will begin to cry , but catch myself before its official . fictional drama on tv and during extreme happiness . when i ... i will say a lot of things to get laid , mostly genuine . however , not really considering how the other party is interpreting it . if it is a relationship potential , though , it can take a while to be ... - observing threads that people pretend to be intellectual outlet when really it is just a way to complain incognito - be unable to handle opinions that actually take some thought to consider ( i . e ... after talking to a friend a bit about this . i find that there is a healthy arrogance or loftiness and one that is really unconditionally unattractive . the first type ( healthy ) allows a person ... ahh see , here is how we differ . i do attach a positive value to things , and a negative value to others . my friend once told me he respected situation from jersey shore , and that he somehow envies ... if you , as an intp , truly want to develop your social skills , you will get there in time . it will come down to how honest you are with yourself and how much you are willing to drop your ego to learn ... [ intp's ] can be intellectual snobs and may show impatience at times with others less endowed intellectually . this quality , intps find generates hostility and defensive behavior on the part of ... yes , there is quite a bit of literature to support my view ( david buss , warren farrell , jared diamond , many more among scientists , and a host of fiction writers sam keen , robert bly , etc .. ) . however , ... ^ ^ because women are emotional creatures , that's the answer ! you don't need a reason . just admit your a woman for christ sakes .. i hate gender bulllshit , but fortunately for us members of declining ... you go girl just that i was naive and going after a lifestyle that had nothing to do with what actually fit my personality . i actually wasn't really depressed or anything , but more of a dumb ass . ... / ´ ¯ / ) ... ( ¯ ` ... / ... / / ... ... ... / ... / / ... ... ... / ´ ¯ / ... / ´ ¯ ... / ¯ ` ... ¯ ` .. / . / ... / ... / ... / . | _ ... _ | ... yo , yes i had a similar crash and burn at 18 myself . i was living my life as an alter-ego and had a series of near death experiences before i finally knew that i was doing something wrong . i am ... yes , we can play . how about spin the bottle ? ? debate is never intended to bring the enemy to your pov , but according to hegelian dialect , observers have taken a position somewhere in between , a ... you're doing it yourself : you shoot us with a patronising comment about being impressed by shiny things ( you have a nerve to write this in a place full of female intps , bro , really ) and then ... @ beeinthebonnet yea that sucks if you are honestly wired differently than the majority of your sex . you must admit , on the other hand , that they bothered you because they probably do not ... i am currently reading about 6 books , but most are non-fiction ( all but one ) , so i classify these differently . to me , these books all have a very important connection to one another , but on the ... yes , i was bothered to read your post . also , how do you explain the fact that gender roles differ from culture to culture ? each culture is different . for pre-modern societies where machines ... the quote about shiny things isn't mine obviously . it is a mainstream comedian , actually . but this post is directed to skycloud's response . just because something is a generalization doesn't mean ... i am already aware that my view is not acceptable these days , but fuck it . i have studied the subject both in and out of school , and yes , that makes me an expert .. for all you idealist intp out ... go for a walk rick roderick - philosophy and modern condition [ / quote ] this guy is a beast . i lived with esj , esfp , istp , esfj in college . ( also an enfp ) . i had deluded myself into acting the estp for goals of women and influence during highschool , and beginning of college . sp , sj are ... the book by goldstein was not lies . o'brien wanted winston to read it so that he could recondition even the most knowledgeable and defiant of heretics . winston could have been bagged by the thought ... when people called me intense , i laughed it off . in my mind , i was easy going compared to these emotional wrecks ( somewhat kidding ) . but , i met an intp and realized my facial expressions are ... yea , i agree people show tendencies in how they interact , but not that talking more equals dominance over others . if extrovert a says something , introvert a would not necessarily be submissive . you ... haha , you mean in a socialist utopia ... alpha , beta , omega isn't really a label so much as emo or jock , it is a comment on the power / influence an individual has within a group . i don't agree ... glad we got to know eachother : wink : it only goes for men ... if i have to define it for you , i'm suspecting you are it . it is the girl who is out and dressed to impress , yet waits for the show to come to her . she may give you one or two glances , but this is ... ha . it is happening because you are attracted to taken men , imo . taken men have a swagger that you like . this is what i am saying . if you are out playing hard to get , this is the man that responds . i love reading the front cover in the line at the supermarket . octomom , sarah palin , jon + kate , lindsay lohan . it's all amazing . whole foods disappointing me with their boring mags on how to live ... haa . if you are a kid , then don't worry about it , dude . this is healthy , especially for intps . judging from what i read from the men on here , alot of intp men need a revamped approach to dating and ... i agree with this full-heartedly ! however , this has nothing to do with what i said nor is it always the case ... there are women who like taken men . are you implying this is some misplaced belief ... your aspie score : 106 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 124 of 200 you seem to have both aspie and neurotypical traits i am certified intp '