' name : lexiflame mbti : entp enneagram : 7w8 7w6 9w8 temperament : sanguine / choleric alignment : neutral evil dances banned for having an avatar that doesn't even look at people when speaking to them . lexifireextinguisher sexilexi 6969696 9 gofuckyourselfie i have a hard time deciding how to have my eggs cooked because all the forms are delicious . yeah , i definitely plan to ! i just hope i don't get killed on the first day like usual :d ry : hey ! : kitteh : i used to be pretty active on her a year or two ago , and i finally came back ! yay ! so yeah , just posting here to hopefully connect with a few of my old friends katemarie 999 monsieur ... haha , a friend of mine's birthday is actually on april fools day . more often than not , her best birthday gift is that people don't try to prank her : 3 i'd pick the sea . i've seen underwater scenes on tv before , and i know someone who has gone scuba diving a few times and they said it's truly amazing . and i love swimming :) tyler perry for sure ! mr . brown : ya'll laughin ' but i think i see the light ! joe : i think i see it too , all them colors u got on .. you are the light . madea : taste the rainbow ! ! madea : just ... http://lvls.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/title-mp.gif the original mario party ! ! ! i was obsessed with playing in the cake area with all my family and friends . ... nightkill kyo : tongue : yay ! ! ! :D ménage à trois ? ? : wink : sure ! ! ! http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8j5nmpIb21qzzpi4o1_400.gif yay intj's ! if i had to pick some crushes they'd definitely be squirrel cat you guys are all kinds of awesome : kitteh : congrats ! ! ! : kitteh : congrats ! ! ! : kitteh : haha , purple as well . : kitteh : i'm a big fan of red and black , so i just had to vote those . i really like the blue and silver idea as well , i think that would look really nice just the way praying mantis described it . and i also ... ah , i knew i had seen it somewhere and it was awesome ! marilyn manson and abraham lincoln skrillex and mozart gene simmons and richard simmons joseph smith and jeffree star arieslilith congrats ! ! ! : kitteh : i played piano for 9 years , but i've now stopped having professional lessons and decided to just play for pleasure instead of pursuing it as a career as i had been . congrats ! ! ! brian 1 : kitteh : sure its called love , chunibyo & other delusions . i watch a lot of animes ( slightly addicted ) so here's some i found that were really good , or at least those that i can remember right now . the ... this is so cool ! ! ! hmm ... dark flame master or dark flame mistress ( it's from like the awesomest anime ever ! ! ! ) or ... lady flame ( thanks to <3 ) . and in red please ! :D * fist pump * ftw ! i love that song xd since your name is partly french ... vous êtes plus beau que les étoiles . ou as-tu été toute ma vie ? ( pretty much the only flirty phrases i know in french lol ) http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/1203385/could-ve-had-a-v8-o.gif ^ * hands you a v8 * i've just saved you from a future of forehead slaps . i wonder how you can repay me ? : wink : i was wondering this myself actually , but i think i've heard that any of the mods can give them if they feel like it . i was talking to someone that has one , and they don't even know which mod gave it ... : shocked : how can you possibly choose ? ! ? ! ...  ... i suppose the rolling stones , but this is so hard ! http://gifguppy.com/css/images/movies/strangerswithcandy/dramaticturn.gif hell no ! i'm the creepy closet lurker :[ * sets up a surveillance camera in your room for when you get back from my ... you had me at what the fuck are you doing in my closet ? <3 congrats ! ! : kitteh : bans you because the customer is always right ! i've ben here about 8 months now , so i selected 6 months . definitely the mafia sub-forum if that were an option , but overall my favorite section is the entertainment plaza . the personality test resource section is a close second . yay ! congrats mindslinger ! ! ! : kitteh : i lost my teddy bear D: ... can i cuddle with you instead ? well , i think they're probably great . i'm basing that opinion of an 18 year old intj friend of mine . we get along great . he's one of the smartest people i know , with the most logical , well thought ... haha , yes i was watching the episode , and i saw some of their facebook posts . it's hilarious how ignorant they are . it sounds great ! well , here's hoping someday i actually can live there ! well , i like talking to , texting , emailing , and being with people all the time , or even with a group of people all at once . conversation is usually effortless with people i really like , and even with ... yeah , i can completely understand your frustration . my mother and i clash over little things like that all the time and it's really taken its toll on our relationship . the little things can matter a ... oh i've heard that before , it's really cute ! absolutely lol . it's like those online iq tests ' question , if all irish people have red hair , and all people with red hair have bad tempers , do all irish people have bad tempers ? . although i can't ... haha , i hate to say it , but not only does he not see mess , he doesn't care can somewhat apply to me . i can't keep a space clean for the life of me . i mean , i do a little cleaning , pick up things ... aww , i'm sorry . might i ask why if it's not too personal ? scandinavia is much too cold , so definitely not . i'd love to visit , but not to live there . i live in canada and it's already much too cold for me , so i would definitely choose a warmer place . i'm ... ah , one of those tough ones ! ok , well i was wondering this a while back and looked up a lot of theories and ideas . i agree a lot with julian baggini's ideas on love . basically , i think love is a ... haha , of course ! very thoughtful : 3 ^ not an example of my sarcastic humor xd '