' the stress points are , at the moment , that he feels he's changed . since everything happened , his love for me also has changed . he's very wary of the words he says because with that relationship he ... yeah , i sometimes forget how controversial this is to others . thank you for your advice . i'm just going to add : yes , this may make him seem like an asshole . but you have to trust me on this , the guy is really fucking sweet , he has no malice , he has a big heart , he has a head on his ... you come off from a standpoint that seems to think open relationships are necessarily a sign of bad health . it may be in some cases , i don't think they have to be , and there's been countless ... guys , no judgment about the open relationship thing please . if you don't have anything helpful to say for my situation but to cast judgment , please abstain . i was the one who offered to open the ... i know that is is about an intj and a infp , but as fellow introverted intuiter , with you guys having a better emotional intelligence than me , i figured i have nothing to lose by asking your advice ... i value the people-smart enfps ' insight on this , if anyone would please try to help me http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/240617-please-help-me-save-my-love-infps.html#post6950305 sorry , but because time is ticking and i'm really desperate , i'm making a shoutout here for this post ... ... my infp and i are going through some rough times , after opening our relationship while my work schedule cut us off from each other . i also am burdening him because i'm myself in a low in my life ... like the most caricatural twenty years old , i sit with the same excruciating questions countless others before me struggled with . our existence may be perceived through so many perspectives , some ... i wish i could . right now , nothing would reassure me more , than to gain the eyes which can recognize love . man , this fucking blows . i can't eat and my muscle mass is paying the price for it . that's what i do . always carry a sketch pad and pen with me at all times . otherwise , i want to second kathy kane's advice . a lesson i learned is that it's no use to repress the gut . you have to ... kiss me , kiss me a lot as if tonight were the last time kiss me , kiss me a lot for i am afraid of having you and losing you all over again . kiss me , kiss me a lot as if tonight were another case of i can't sleep , maybe getting it off my chest will help . move along . it's 5:45 am , been awake for over an hour . sometimes in my sleep my heart starts to beat fast , i hear it ... mine also ended . you didn't have my back . you don't have my back you got nothing . i seriously would never have believed this possible . i voted biology but i would have voted for astronomy if it had been there . saw the other option too late . the history of thought may be summed up in these words : it is absurd by what it seeks and great by what it finds . - paul valéry http://i.imgur.com/MhnxXgm.gif there's something uncomfortable about these animals wearing clothes and living in such a spick and span environment , but oh well , it's a motherfucking anteater what ... basically : stay away from me . i want none of that fe + si around . sparky 11 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjlS2-bZYWI bonne nuit : blushed : i get what you mean . i also strive for lifestyle perfection . i get in bits of steady working out , then an event shackles my life and bam , i stop for a few weeks , and on we restart . i live with a lot ... you're thinking of yourself too highly theredpanda if you think just you going around uttering boring crap would make anyone hate you . you're more like an annoyance that will be forgotten fast ... amazing . the adventures of turkey man my humour can be very visual at times . http://i.imgur.com/dIlVqhd.gif “ when i was young , i expected people to give me more than they could — continuous friendship , permanent emotion . now i have learned to expect less of them than they can give — a silent companionship ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGBM5vWiBLo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcx5ACyIGQs writer . all things are interrelated and interdependent ; nothing exists in isolation . the entire universe is one ecosystem , similar to a spider web — if one part is touched , the entire net shimmers . as a ... http://i.imgur.com/QzT8K5n.jpg this taxidermy was found inside a late 19th - century french mansion which has been sealed up for more than 100 years . via national geographic . somebody commented , ... i'll admit i take a certain perverse liking in shocking such social norms . i've had a relationship or two that were very confusing for other people , but like jeb 713 said , as long as we're being clear ... woah , teach me your tricks . enemy ? nobody deserves that title , it's too much honour . for those that are annoyances , it's just as jomama said . my attention is something i only give to the deserving . unless i'm bored and i want ... http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/178924-eugenics-what-your-stance-9.html#post4686428 saganx 92s prominence made him the go-to person for the countryx 92s most famous acidhead , timothy leary . on april foolsx 92 day , 1974 , sagan and the astronomer frank drake visited leary at the state mental ... read more : why carl sagan is truly irreplaceable | science | smithsonian i agree , genetic engineering would be much better ; in fact that's more what i had in mind when i employed the term eugenics . i pushed it to englobe this eventual possibility , but i shouldn't have ... the point is that some if not most muslim religious leaders are batshit crazy taneka hinton and that's funny ; this is not an attack on the religion of islam per se as you may have been lead to ... in the context of super-bacteria and super-viruses who become resistant to antibiotics , might eugenics not be a matter of survival at that point ? this is the worst . may i add , people who ask you a question , tell you it's ok if the answer is x , and then get pissed off if you choose to answer x . i ... hate , despise , am repulsed by this kind of ... http://i.imgur.com/sVUAyU7.gif somebody didn't get the point muslim leaders issue a fatwa against anyone living on mars as there is ' no righteous reason ' to be there | mail online it's in those times that i thank my genetics and my upbringing for making me mainly rational . i guess if i had been a mainly emotional person , i wouldn't be able to keep these feelings in leash , the ... just look at how easy this is . intjs , we rock . guu bah , i guess i indeed lacked empathy here . i wasn't trying to invalidate your feelings as much as support you in sharing your thoughts , independently of others . keep them for yourself if you ... my last best friend of a long time was intp , our relationship was platonic . male and female spooning while they sleep but without sexual tension ? no one ever understood how we'd do it . but it did , ... i met the infp i was four years with at a japanese fashion event i organized back when i was admin of the community forums . i saw him from afar , and my eyes burned , i couldn't look at him because he ... others above me have provided excellent explanations for you already . i also can go a very long time without seeing people i care about , but to me , their place in my heart doesn't shrink . i have an ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTu2tPyWp2w this crappy dude someone asked if i liked or not . why the fuck am i still listening to this , what are these choices , what is my life '