that's what i'm leaning towards to as well . at first i left a door open for ni dom as well ( because there was - and still is - too little content to not keep the horizon of possibilities wider ) but he ... about wanna one : woojin - introvert , fe usage seems much more likely than fi / te jihoon - i get ip vibes from him , but i have no particular reasons to defend those types over any other ( probable ... what post was it ? if you remember and don't mind sharing it , of course ! i used to peg him as an istp ( and by used to i mean in february-march 2015 ) . then his mixtape came out and i realized how ... it is indeed very curious , maybe because of xxxp stereotypes and the fact that it's typed by letters . idols wouldn't have achieved what they have achieved without being hardworking , very ambitious , ... i'll be honest , i disagree with literally all of these ! whoops ... i agree with j-hope's and taehyung's too , but i'm very much certain that namjoon is an infj and he's probably the one person in the industry whose personality i've studied the most along with ... louis an estp ? are there any specific reasons that lead you to this typing ? we basically agree on every other typing ( we do differ on which xsfp niall is , but it's a small difference compared to ... not to act like i'm beyond all drama but how about we put an end to this discussion ? it's obvious everyone involved has a grab too tight on their own view of the situation to ever reach a middle ... about kibum , i may review the content that lead to my entj typing and see if i still agree or not considering that estp typing , because i typed shinee over the summer and haven't really watched any ... i would say naeun from apink is a very likely intj , way over those who went for inxp , which i really can't see . other than that , i can't think of any other female idols . male intjs , woozi from ... jeez . these type of things really give me a headache . they did it last year too and tiffany got entj , which anyone who knows at least a 20 % of both tiffany and mbti would find laughable . every single ... well , this thread is dead . let's see if i can make it come to life again . does anyone have any guesses on gfriend's types ? i know someone already asked once , but nobody said anything so i'm bringing ... i'm gonna assume you've been watching weightlifting fairy ? i tried typing him this summer . from what i read and watched , i definitely saw fi and he's an introvert for sure . i didn't really peg ... about the typings that are currently being talked about : got 7 : definitely disagree with the typings they were given in hard carry . i'm very confident in most of my typings so i'll share them , and ... i'm surprised twice has never been brought up here before ? ( at least nothing shows up when i search up the group ) . so if anyone has any thoughts on them they'd like to share , i'm curious as to what ... i watched something recently that made me completely see dom fe for jeonghan rather than aux fe so i'm totally behind esfj now . quick question about these two : as an istp and having seen ... update on my typings : joshua is definitely a fe aux . i recently got into them and binge watched some of their stuff and these are my guesses : sunggyu : a high te user , most likely istj . he was typed as an istp in a test he did but 1 ) tests are ... i rewatched gmw recently and i'm watching the new episodes and i don't know why but i'm starting to see both so much ni and fe in farkle . i could easily include istp and infj as options now , who was ... i have to bring up seventeen again , they haven't been discussed enough . i still have a lot of trouble figuring out some of their types . the lack of insightful interviews is killing me . would anyone ... stella being an isfj makes a lot of sense so i support it ! zoey is probably an xxfp ? i don't remember enough about the show but the fi is very obvious , maybe leaning towards xnfp over anything ... well , it doesn't exist so i guess someone had to create it ... riley : enfj | | i have sooo much to say about this so if anyone disagrees or wants me to explain i'll gladly do so . maya : xsfp | | ... this thread has been dead for 4 years but i totally agree with xsfp for justin leaning towards isfp . however , i still would consider entj for brian , one with unhealthy se . barney stinson is another ... i'm aware ptsd can affect all types , i'm just pretty sure ( from experience , which i think for mbti it counts more than untested theory found online ) that it tends to affect si types more . however , ... i'm sure trauma was a part of it . the thing is when everything else in the movie signs towards him being an entp , the past affecting him to that extent only makes the typing even clearer and further ... there's a pretty fair enough amount of maura in blue lily lily blue though , so if you get there and have any new theories or anything , it would be great to hear your opinion on it so far ! also i ... i agree with everything , blue being an infp , except calla ( who i feel is more of an enfp ? but feel free to fight me about this , i don't have incredibly strong feelings on this typing ) and maura . why ... nick is not an estp , he's an entp . believe me when i say that most se users i know , be it strong ones or weak ones , find it extremely hard to hold a grudge or be defined by their past in any way ... yeah , that's exactly what got me thinking about ne-ti over ni-te . he's very good at considering many possibilities then discarding some by using past experience + the data he has learnt + logic . what ... i'm an istp and house is an entp and i never claimed otherwise ? at least not intentionally ! maybe my wording jinxed the meaning of the sentence accidentally but i never defended inferior fe for ... well , first of , there's a big enough gap between tertiary fe and inferior fe . secondly , if i really wish to understand others , i can assure you i'll put all the interest i have in other to figure ... do ti-fe users not seek to understand others better , in an almost clumsy way ? because the reason why i love mbti so much is because it's a helpful tool for me to understand others better as i'm not ... i totally agree with anyone who argued entp for house . i definitely see ti in him . he thrives on curiosity and need to fix problems beyond just the facts . he loves pondering about the possible issues ... this thread is dead but i'm here with problematic opinions , probably : gordie : infp ( even though infj is my second safest bet ) he relies so much on other people's opinions so i at first saw that as ... i could totally see it , since i didn't particularly have a preference for her being an infp except me getting certain vibes from her which is shitty typing . any of those two types would make sense to ... i'm just gonna add my 2 cents in here : sun : istj kala : isfj - i think i saw ni for a second there but honestly , she's way too traditional and permissive . nomi : infp - i know everyone keeps ... i'm gonna go ahead and say that i really agree with your book typings and my show typings ( which are not determined ) are pretty similar to yours . i agree that clary's se feels stronger in the tv ... i agree basically with all of this ! i mean , i particularly would type gansey as an enfj because his mental speech is a constant of how is everyone else doing and if something is wrong in their ... i'm gonna copy and paste here what i wrote on my blog about anakin's type : i personally type anakin as an isfp 8w7 . considering the writing , ix92m not entirely opposed to esfp . i mean , if you see ... i'm very shocked at everyone here typing shadowhunters ! alec as an intj , or even infj . i see so much si in him i literally laugh whenever he opens his mouth . his motto is ' the law is hard but it ... maybe you're referring to her time magazine interview ? [ source ] but itx 92s the same thing as living your life based on what your grandkids will say one day . ix92m sure there will be things that my ... collecting celebrity friends ? i don't know , either she has a very good pr team or she's very social . doesn't seem particularly se to me , since many celebrities have a large group of celebrity ... as a big fan of her that has watched and read almost every single interview she has ever given to the public ( and as someone who is a weak fe user ) , i can assure you fe is certainly her main ... i did see lily as an xnfp in the beginning , but the more i watched the more that fi i saw during the beginning of the show was translated into fe , so maybe it is her character development through the ... this post is slightly dead but i'm just going to leave my typings here . ted - isfj , but ix92d accept infj . the thing with tedx 92s character is that as you watch him in the show you realize that ... i'm the first one who is adamant to rey being an istp because as one , i didn't relate to her in different levels , but i wouldn't have sold the droid either and i would have been as collected as she ... to everyone who types finn as an exfj , can you elaborate ? i was fixated on esfp but i did see fe while watching the movie , and i'm going to rewatch it this weekend so your arguments could be useful ... i may be way off , but am i the only one who saw si in rey ? she seemed extremely fixated to her past when it came to ' her family coming back ' and the moment she was presented with the opportunity to ... woah hold up there with the clarke typing . where are you getting this typing from ? i'm an istp and i highly dislike her character because of her si-fe at many points , she definitely doesn't have ... as cliche as it might sound , she's the first female istp portrayal which i don't find boring , flat and unrealistic . she isn't just blunt , cold and emotionally detached at times , she's also highly ...