i'm sorry , let me rectify.you wont find anyone anywhere because we're all individual snowflakes . and special in our own way ... etc etc etc . yep ! ! story of my life . its either one or the other when it comes to your main function set . however , that doesn't mean that you can learn about / mimic the opposite . i grew up in a family of fe users . so needless to say , ... i gladly hand over the rank to you ! :D i know you will honour it better than i can . haha yeah i thought i would have that problem too as my brother is an infj too , but he's sort of the ' sage ' ... actuallly ... i maybe kinda have to hand in my rank now . : o this intj was a bit of a rebound fling after the last one . it was great but ended because of differences including a 19 year age gap ( i ... we're intelligent , sassy and we're adorkable and that's just the way it is . :D we're total romantics but yet fussy as heck . we love to lavish our so in love and adoration and we love to be loved and ... you would be rather surprised at how absent minded intjs can be , especially when it comes to sensory details . actually , he sounds a lot like one of my old bosses who was an infj hahaha . nawww ! ! all the warm fuzzies are happening here . : kitteh : <3 <3 <3 best thing you can do is just tell him how you feel . intjs have this reputation for being rather blunt and honest so you'll have clarity either way pretty much from the onset ... well perhaps after ... 286202 ;) ;) possibly . i work in a library and one of my closest friends who is an intj managed to pick me up from there . i helped him with an information enquiry ( i'm studying to become a reference librarian and ... you would find lots of esfps parties and clubs , enfps tend to prefer things like music festivals , quirky book stores and other interesting places like op shops . i'm generally found in those places , ... biologically a female enfp 50/100 masculine 70/100 feminine 66/100 neutral thanks for the insights guys ! there have been some really handy hinters in here , so i do muchly appreciate it . :) i guess we ’ ll see how things go . right now he is pondering on mixing a few of his ... i'm sx / sp , is that close enough ? :D he knows what he is . he also knows that he's a type 6 which explains the world destroying , stress induced anxiety that gets all mixed in with his temperament . he is very good at caring for those he ... nawww that ’ s sweet . like her own private hero . she ’ ll be lucky to have you . :) it ’ s funny , i was talking to an intj friend of mine a little while back on his thoughts on relationships and he shared ... it's a pretty fun dynamic to explore in my humble opinion though , as with any type , you have to find the right sort of enfp to suit your temperament . some are more sensitive than others and don't ... hey intj girls and guys . i need your sagely advice . so i have a wonderful intj in my life . however , he is going through a real downer at the moment and i was just wondering if i could get some ... teehee , you sound like an entj . must be your 8ness . : wink : welcome to the ranks of inquisitorial intjs . i am an enfp 7w6 . i find we tend to have a lot in common with intjs but on different ... mine gets very chatty and shakespearean-love-sonnet feely . he's also super snugly . so cute ! my pattern tends to go like : 1 . meet sandwich . 2 . want to know whats in the sandwich and everything about it ( possibly to the point of silently obsessing about it ) . 3 . force myself to be patient ... check out all of the intj / enfp topics and you will see they do indeed . we even have our regulars ( bless their beautiful , mechanical souls ) . and while we're at it , sticky it to a corresponding intj / enfp thread in the enfp forum . we get more threads ( mainly started by intjs ) on the topic than you guys do here . ;) endeavouring to see things from and understand other peoples perspectives is a handy anti-jerk mechanism . emphasising and stuff . i'm not a fan of type incest i'm afraid . fellow enfps don't tend to rock my boat . i do have some great enfp friends however ( both male and female ) . on the intj spectrum , they're a pretty rare find ... teehee , this current one is quite a bit softer than the last one so his shell was easier to get through . he reckons having three daughters tenderised him .   ... thank you ! and you too . :) sounds like you ’ re having fun . :) it ’ s no secret how much i love the dynamic . i find it works really well for me , especially when other things like instinctual variants and love languages match up ... oh yeah i learnt all about this the hard way - as in someone actually did start a very slanderous rumour about me a couple of years ago , and i'll tell you what , it's amazing how many people failed to ... 12 physical touch 9 receiving gifts 6 quality time art , history , english , biology and sociology were my favourites . wasn't a fan of math or the more hands-on subjects like woodwork or textiles . hmm you know probably the only thing i've really noticed is that enfps with an iq range similar to mine tend to be drawn to the more rational types like intjs . one of my closest friends who tested at ... oh snap ! i tested 139 too ! high five ! :D i honestly can ’ t relate to any spiral or loop associated with the nt / nf dynamic . i think the most difficult thing to deal with in the dynamic is when we ’ re intuitively in tune with each other most of ... funny , i always typed her as an estp . i have never really sensed any fi in her music , or ne for that matter . i was thinking along the same lines as dabbling actually , except possibly leaning toward istj ( ? ? ) she sounds a lot like a couple of istj girls i know . very intelligent girls , but also very sensitive ... red pill - i'll call it my ' little mermaid ' complex . : kitteh : ah sorry , i think you misunderstood , i wouldn't have typed her as an enfp either . i actually didn't bother typing anyone else in the movie , i was pretty focused on mads . xd he's gen x i'm gen y . i love people and i know how to put people at ease though i'm not a bouncy all over the place extrovert . he's an introvert-borderline-hermit-if-he-could-get-away-with-it . but he ... teehee , that ’ s how i came across mine ... or rather ... he came across me . took him a while to actually approach ( as he observed me at a distance for a little bit ) but once he made up his mind there ... mum : enfj dad : entp lots of n in my family . i'd say she was just taking / experiencing things from another perspective . being an ne-dom , its all about the different possibilities first and foremost . haha next on the agenda , if you don't mind reading the subtitles or you can speak danish , you must watch the movie ' a royal affair ' . mads mikkelsen ( an intj himself ) does an exceptional job of ... oh yeah i love the lizzie bennett diaries . wait till you meet mr . darcy ... hubba hubba ! ! ! * fans self * yesss ! when i was little my parents were constantly telling me to slow down , and in doing so i started to develop this little posh british accent . i try to talk normally these days but gosh its so ... ah ! well that explains why my first date with this intj dude lasted so long ! : tongue : hmmm , anna pascal from stranger than fiction . estj – i find one of the more difficult types to get along with . i tend to just nod and think / do my own thing . that being said , one of my favourite ‘ father figures ’ is an estj – real gruff and ... * gigglesnort * diagnosed . i have only met one enfp who was upset with her type but that was because she was approaching it all wrong . she wanted to be more ' rational ' but she didn't understand the ...