' he isn't a tiger . officer clawhauser is a cheetah . also , it was never stated in the film that he's gay . what are your thoughts on entjs ? what's your general impression of them ? is there anything that you particularly like about them ? is there anything that you particularly dislike about them ? ... woodstock - istp ( the craftsman ) . he's blunt in his speaking ( ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ) , and his life basically consists of hanging out with snoopy and constructing nests . hm .. that would seem to xplain my wife & i too then . she's infp , i'm isfp . intj - enfp - infp . well - the story of my parents is that they met at a time when each of them was dating someone else who wouldn't commit to marriage . my folks dated for a time and then got hitched . they had us kids - ... yes - isfp - - - i can see that . dad certainly was eccentric . i guess i had forgotten that everyone has intuition - of one kind or another . thank you ardielley . in that case - my parents were ... thank you the_wanderer . where are you picking the s up from ? i thought his varied religious interests were sure signs of ndom . also - dad seems like more of a p to me than a j . he was always messy ... here's a challenge - based on the facts below - can you help me type my dad ? he passed away in 2006 - but i would still like some insight on this . - his birth name was roy - which he was never too ... yes - i tend to do that too . thankfully i usually don't do it when i'm preaching . okay - that's nice . what do you like in particular about the intj in question ? that's pretty sad to hear . i'm a white guy here in toronto - canada - and i'm all for our city being multicultural . i think it's interesting to learn about - and from - other cultures . i'm also in a ... well , i made it through to get my bre in university and am now working on an mdiv . generally , i've waited until the last minute and then pushed myself to get projects done . it has worked so far . i ... gender : male hair color : brown , a few gray hairs . was blonde when i was a kid hair style : buzz cut . thinking of adding some hair tattoos . eye shape : small , deeply set eye color : blue glasses : ... i have a diploma in radio broadcasting , and a bre in general ministries . i'm currently working on my mdiv in-ministry . sent from my a620m using tapatalk my son is an istp , and he's currently studying auto mechanics . thing is , he hopes to eventually become an engineer . the world ’ s largest monastery library is in austria and it ’ s beautiful « twistedsifter pie , preferably with plenteous ice cream . you're suggesting he stop once hitched ? studying theology in seminary right now . going for a master of divinity degree . entp . and i'd get myself an arc reactor . hm , i don't know for sure . if that's true , i'm going to guess that it has something to do with living in the moment and wanting to keep their options open . 20 most magnificent places to read books agreed . it's the most obviously ne thing i've ever read . marriage seemed impossible to me when i was 18 too . i didn't meet the woman who would become my wife until i was 44 . when you're shy it takes longer but if she's the right one it's worth the wait . weekday work uniform : black dress pants , t-shirt , black mandarin-style chef's jacket , black safety shoes . church / seminary clothes : suit pants , suit jacket , dress shirt , sometimes suit vest , sometimes ... five words : pie and plenty of it . well , i'm married now but before i was ... if a woman liked me but i didn't like her i pulled back . if , on the other hand , i liked her but she didn't like me , i pulled back . now , on the rare occasion ... i'm both a full-time food services associate , working as the main cashier in a cafeteria , and also a full-time seminary student pursuing a master of divinity in ministry . artistically i have done a ... hm ... not many challenges . a few ... sometimes i find she has her head in the clouds , and then i just remind myself that she's having an infp moment . sometimes i think she might find me a bit silly ... i've dated an infp . indeed , i married her . we're coming up to our 6 year anniversary this november . i prefer postum . interested ? girl ? my strategy was always run , run away . somehow , though , i ended up married anyway . hmmm ... i'm a christian , and currently pursuing a master of divinity degree here in toronto , canada . you can read it online at biblegateway.com : a searchable online bible in over 100 versions and 50 languages . yep . don't choose isfj ! they're so very boring ! ( sorry , a stereotype , i know ) no you can not . you must leave now . out with you . out ! ( j / k ) i work in a coffee shop . people often come in and order coffee , black or tea , black . what gets me , though , is people who come in and order things like , green tea , black . i always say something ... infp wife : honey , please ( bleah bleah bleah ) . isfp me : don't tell me what to do . isfp me * a little later * : honey , what do you want me to do about ( bleah bleah bleah ) ? i'm going to work all day long on my essay and then i'll email it in to the prof . * spends most of the day doing other things * ah well , there's always tomorrow . just let me nap for just a little while , and then i'll get up and do my homework . * wakes up 4-6 hours later * ah well , no time for homework now . guess i'll just watch some tv . i'm very fond of my isfpness . i preach on a somewhat regular basis . when i first did so , i was really , really , really nervous . now i'm more comfortable , but there is always a certain amount of nervousness to begin with and ... yes , i believe in god - - father , son , and holy spirit . i'm a christian , a moderate calvinist , a deacon of a baptist church , and a full-time student at a christian university , soon to complete my ... update : he worked one day and then he quit . i can't blame him . he was working in a chicken processing factory and it made him physically sick . he's still with the same work agency though , ... hummm ... we isfps are not so unalike . he just got his driver's license . i'm thinking he may become interested in working so that he can save up for a car . yes , i can see where that ... i'm just finishing up a bre and i'm a little confused about just where to go next too - - more education ? start a new job ? there are lists on the internet as to what kinds of jobs isfps are ... in high school i was a total loner . things are better now in university . thank you all for your replies . i'll write individual responses later . right now i must get to work on an essay i have due very soon for school . just wanted to share the good news - - he went and ... '