' dear ( istp ) yeti , we're into our 5th year as a couple , married for a year and half , and i want you to know that i love you . i need you and i trust you . you're the strength i lack and you don't mind ... my ( istp ) yeti : a fart is a message from a turd ... i'm coming out . never mind . removed dear yeti , we've been a couple for nearly 4 years , and our one year wedding anniversary is coming up soon . i love the journey . i love and respect you more than you'll ever know . pookie dear yeti ( istp ) , there are two of you . i love both . the infj who was created just for you . if an istp notices you , and subsequently makes contact with you , he / she is at least a little bit interested . here's a huge list of infjs and enneagram types : http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/106435-gargantuan-list-infj-enneagram-types-27.html that's exactly what i have to do ... every ... day ... of the world . about 97 % of my customers are the greatest people on earth ; but even some of those just don't bother to read all of what i've ... bumping this thread , because i'd like to hear more . i've struggled with this problem my whole life . i'm much better at writing than speaking ( big surprise there , huh ? ) . with pen and paper or ... dear online customers , insert rant that i would be ashamed of later , even if it is virtually anonymous . sincerely , irritated infj who will grit her teeth , pleasantly smile , and respond to you ... note to self : you're not funny . things that seem hilariously funny when you're drinking , really are not funny . stay off facebook , stay off your phone , don't talk to anyone after the third beer . how ... drinking ... sorry . dear yeti , ... the infj who loves you infjsx 92 dominant function : introverted intuition ( ni ) intuition is generally considered a subconscious process . it is often contrasted with more conscious types of rational thought . because intuition ... infjs ’ dominant function : introverted intuition ( ni ) intuition is generally considered a subconscious process . it is often contrasted with more conscious types of rational thought . because intuition ... makes perfect sense . i agree with heckert's post almost entirely . much of what you ( bluemorpho 84 ) have explained sounds a lot like my istp husband , i . e . not hearing from him when you're apart , very little ... - i didn't take anything you said in the wrong way at all . i was just giving a little more information . the reason i post here amongst istps is because i want straightforward feedback . i ... i understand what you're saying , cinnamon 83 ; and honestly , i'm quite a bit like that myself . i indulge my younger son in allowing him more gripe time than anyone else ... i don't know why i do that ... i've heard that infjs are the least j of all js :) not sure how true it is across the board , but for myself , it's true . to answer the original question , though ... no , you can't be both at the same ... as an infj married to an istp , i can see many similarities between us . there are definite differences , but in some ways , we're almost identical . i think this is especially true as we age and we begin ... my istp husband is an excellent bass player ( not just in my opinion but in the opinion of his peers ) . anyway , his grammar is nearly impeccable , and he's written lyrics from time to time . he's good at ... good reading . thank you thorweeps dear jb nobody , busted ! 211410 but in my own defense , i'm usually posting about my dear istp husband ( aka yeti ) . so : tongue : the infj who haunts you oh no , didn't mean to make you feel that way . i just find it very odd behavior for an istp . however , an unhealthy istp may act completely out of character . i haven't studied up on the how the shadow ... not sure why that would be , it's very unusual . doesn't sound like an istp to me , but i could be wrong . every one i've known says exactly what they mean , and almost always do so without apologies . that's one of the many things i love about my ... crazy enough , it just might work :) seriously , your post reminds me that istps are problem solvers , and sometimes you all create problems just so you have something to fix ! ok , but to apply what ... [ insert description of problem in as few words as possible ] after having explained the above problem to yeti , he minimizes it . i leave it alone . months later , i still have that problem , and now ... dear ( istp ) yeti , it's not the end of the world if someone knows you better than what is comfortable for you . my ( suspected istp ) brother used to say the same thing , you'll never know me . but , i ... dear yeti , sometimes , i feel like a chihuahua trying to take on a st . bernard . sincerely , the oompah loompah who loves your grumpy ass . thank you . after almost three years , we tied the knot . most of the time , it's like being married to my brother ... who looks for ways to piss me off . but i can't live without him . he's my baby . dear yeti , your acts of kindness are never random . they're well thought out and intentional . our friend , who now owns your leather jacket , and our other friend , who now owns your lone wolf pin , ... my sweet husband posted this on my fb wall :P 136225 hell , the fact that he posts anything on my wall makes me feel special ... haha ! not going to go back and read everything i've said before ( and i've probably already said it at least once ) ... if he / she makes time for you at all , ever...he/she has some level of interest in you . ... yes . dear yeti , fairy tales aren't so much the end of the story , they're moments within the story . here's to enjoying the moments . your friend , your sister , your wife . odd . i say the same thing about my istp . we're a lot alike though , so it shouldn't surprise me . he gets me , though . we're both quiet by nature , but he knows the difference between my peaceful quiet ... dear istps ( and those who love them ): after nearly three years , my yeti and i are married . just thought a few of you who remember me would like to know :) your infj friend . bleh ... :P i ended up marrying him instead of myself , so it all turned out great ... haha ! dear yeti , thank you for saying no to the guy's invitation . probably would've been fun tonight , but ... tomorrow would suck . ( not to mention all the dollars that would be involved ) . your lil ... my istp has a big heart for animals . i do too , but it seems a little strange that he would care so much about them . and yes , , my istp has always taken things one day at a time too . i ... i completely understand . it wasn't until he told me that he wanted to marry me that it really sunk in how much he cares . he's said and done other things that i knew at the time were huge for someone ... somewhat new . he asked me to marry me in november . we're planning to be married in may :) my son is an estp and he loves to cuddle . fiance is an istp , and he frkn hates to cuddle . ^ ^ ^ this . :/ no . my istp doesn't , but i guess that doesn't speak for them all . dear istps , this post belongs elsewhere , so i've moved it . infj dear , your friend , jorji '