the blue lagoon . : blushed : dear beloved , why are you so afraid of me knowing who you are ? you think i am going to force you to do something ? how can i ? when are you going to start being authentic and real ? ^ ditto . :) but looks don't matter to me anymore . mine or others . i was always a demisexual anyway , which fits my personality . awww . that is so beautiful . it sounds like you both have found what everyone is searching for . what a blessing . <3 i hope one of your values is god because only jesus coming into her heart ... it sounds like she knows there is lying going on and is interested anyway . maybe god is putting you together so that you can be your true selves with each other . haha . yeah . i do this all the time now that i walk with god . not much is worthy of my time . when my people are not around , or if we have already chatted , and there is no pressing work to be ... content yet lonely . serene yet restless . happy yet cranky . i need something to happen . i would recommend you just keep communicating with her to the best of your ability . <3 it's nice she has such a wonderful friend . that sounds very beautiful . you're right . and i'm definitely mostly infj because i've been feeling guilty toward cats every since making that post . : frustrating : i'm just an intj wannabe . i admit it . :( and what does this knowledge do for you ? what are you going to do with this knowledge of her ? why are you so obsessed with this girl ? do you want a relationship with her ? i can identify with intj good enough to say cats suck . :P cats suck so bad . people should not take medications . or only take them for very real reasons . pain meds are for wimps as well . zomg > i love this thread . where have you been all my life ! ! ! hmm . i don't agree with that mentality . and never have . let us know how it goes ... haha . i am in the same boat with someone who wants to limit our contact because i love them . fact is , that is really the best type of friend to have . if they are willing to be friends with you , ... sounds like you are just going through something intense right now . when we go through intense things , it is a time to focus inward quietly , and to meditate on the divine , asking for clarity and ... i could never do improv . i cannot think that fast . though i enjoy watching it . i could maaaybe act , if i practiced a lot > you can be . if you've had a really hard childhood and introverted a lot because of it . europeans are more stable socially . i don't know much about gun control . but i'm all for the right to bear arms . i don't believe guns kill , but people do . i believe in the idea of having a well-armed grassroots militia ( lol ) where ... infj--monotheism , born again christian but do not believe in christ as a deity . looking at these 3 to see which resonates most with me : the bahá'í faith christian deism theistic rationalism movies have always made me cry , and they still do . same for plays . however , irl i tend to not cry as easily as other women . so i dunno . slightly satiated . for the time being . and sad . <3 i keep hoping someone will desire me . : kitteh : i'd be down with being homeless because i have a profession whereby i could probably barter for shelter and food . if i didn't have kids ... anywhere really . anywhere the lord led me . sounds ... another irish coffee . with whipped cream . and bailey's would be nice . i've asked my dog to be my boyfriend . not sure if he accepted or not . i think he did . i never close the door on anyone . i'm sorry to hear that people find infjs promote this negative behavior . i'm saying that like eye color , but probably not as intricate as that , cognitive functions are genetically inherited . meh . i don't think there'a correlation , honestly . that imo . what do you mean by this ? cog functions are genetic , yes . that is obvious . well , from doing stats on mbti findings , we know that n's comprise only 25 % ? of the population and s's 75 % ( or it might be even fewer n's can't remember ) . i think this is because s's are sensate ... well , my ' j ' ( which is different than jungian concept , and i don't really buy into the whole mbti je thing for introverts ) is held in check by my large p , meaning i quite frequently procrastinate ... am i right in assessing that what you are saying here is that knowledge and faith are not necessarily antithesis to each other ? if so , i would absolutely agree and say that so far the notion of god ... done . awaiting your response . debate forum ... addressing the bolded : i disagree with plato . for whatever reason he gives man little credit to allow for credulation and astonishment and adaptability . perhaps that was just how barbaric his ... yeah , i don't really know that i agree with plato in everything . like his forms , etc . just because plato thought it and argued it doesn't mean it is so . i agree that everything can be broken ... no . because i did not create myself . if i were powerful enough to create myself , i would be certainly be omniscient about said power as well . and if the human race is anything to go by , and we ... love comes not from within , but from without , from our creator . if we're lucky it comes through us and goes onto others . depending upon how pure we are , this divine love exudes more or less pure . ... i have always had a temper . my family all knew that about me growing up . my family knows it now , but my friends don't see it . i have questionned of late if i'm not more abusive than just ... really ? my experience is that if they didn't get it the first time , they never really do . so why bother pointing it out ? i don't know that hollywood puts that much thought into that sort of thing . i think they probably thought she's exotic looking and hot ( with an asiatic flair ) and that was enough . she was asian ? wow . i would have guessed some italian heritage . i mean , she looked tall . and i totally agree about the shotglass . i was waiting for some heroic stunt , and he didn't even try . mmmm . that is all . well , perhaps not every alter would think he / she had dissociative disorder ... i do not believe personality type changes . i believe function order changes depending upon environment , but i ... : laughing : hilarious ! hey , i was a ' spiritual ' atheist for over a decade , at least . now i am a born again christian . i'm also dominant ni . before i was an atheist , i lived the first half of ... yeah , like that , though i'm not sure i agree on some of the chick pics for entp . ^ you know , that intp look ? rivers cuomo and ben gibbard ( death cab for cutie lead singer ) . well , i've noticed ...