' wow ... not very good counseling there sman ... :) i just found out what i pretty much already knew ... i'm infp . apparently a textbook case , too .. thanks for everyone responding so far . i am having the typing done with dr . mike from nfgeeks over google hangouts . it had to be rescheduled , so now it's actually tomorrow . it's the same price as ... i struggle with a lot of anxiety along with depression . after experimenting with different levels of meds , my doctor supplemented my usual regimen with some magnesium and l-theanine twice daily . it ... i always find that by the end of the day i somehow didn't do anything that was a priority to me . even if i make a list of priorities , i often don't follow it . also , i'm constantly overanalyzing all ... i have a highish iq , and i have been diagnosed with add . i don't know that i think that diagnosis is correct , but i do believe my diagnosis of ocd and sometimes wonder if i really have aspergers and ... just wondering who here has taken the actual mbti . i am taking it tomorrow , so i'm naturally excited and kind of just wondering what to expect . i'm doing it over google hangouts with a licensed ... do any of you get to the point where you feel really detached emotionally ? when this happens , i feel like i am able to enjoy life more . however , it's kind of weird . i feel like i am more thinking ... i've started consciously engaging ne , and it really helps to relieve some of the emotional weight . i am not fully awake and functional till like 11 am . my son and i just have a quiet morning doing things by ourselves . okay . no more infp v . enfp research . tabs remain closed . get on with life . it really doesn't even matter either way . but i finally feel like it's right b / c my hubby was like , where do you spend ... so ... i've been going around and around trying to discover if i'm an infp or enfp . i'm finally starting to go back to what i originally thought - infp . however , i have been told by a few people that ... i keep going back and forth with what type i think i am . i think i am finally sure i'm infp . does anyone else just crazily doubt which type you are ? everyone is so individual that i know not one ... i am so uncoordinated and unaware of my body in space . i kind of overthink it , too , and mess up even more . when working out , i get hyperfocused on how i don't enjoy how my body feels and have to make ... does anyone here like math and numbers or use them in your job ? a friend of mine has two enfps that she knows who are financial analysts , but it seems weird to us because once more than one number is ... i am only just realizing that i am enfp because i am very fine being alone . becoming a stay at home mom made me realize the direction my energy flows . solitude is good . socializing when not drained ... sooo many of my friends are infjs . my husband is intj . i have quite a fee isfj friends , too . i have one child , a boy who is currently two . i love being a mom and find it really fulfilling . i'm not sure how i feel about having more just bc of the organization aspect of the whole thing , but ... me ! ask away . so glad you are coming out of the depression and learning to live more in sync with your values . my story of finding out i am enfp is similar to yours , realizing many different occasions that caused ... i used to always test as infj , but then when i evaluated it a little more , i thought it was infp . but then that didn't really completely fit . right now i'm believing i am truly an enfp . to me , it all ... sorry , not infj , but this topic grabbed my attention . recently my husband and i were having a very serious discussion / argument over life / us / emotions / etc , and since that is not his comfort level it ... i got ravenclaw , but i thought i'd be hufflepuff . this is so interesting ! ! ! i think that my dominant tendency is wind , but my second one is earth . if we're talking about the different temperaments , i always get sanguine melancholic , which is not ... i love me some switchfoot . the only album i've really listened to from them is beautiful letdown which i had on constant replay for a while . i am kind of in a musical rut at the moment , so maybe i ... i really don't have musical taste . i just turn on the radio and listen to mainly pop stations and hip-hop . i definitely lean more toward the hip-hop side . i just like the way it makes me feel good ... i have a tendency to be in the grip a lot because of depression and anxiety , so a lot of times it ends up with me brooding , worrying , withdrawing from people , thinking everyone hates me . i can be ... how does si show up in your life ... good and bad ways ? have you found ways to transform si into a positive ? any specific activities ? your story really resonates with me . i am still not completely sure that i am an enfp , but i believe that i started turning my focus inward during my middle school years due to criticism about my ... i keep going back and forth between infp and enfp . i thought i was an infj for a long time , but then after taking the quiz as honestly as possible , it indicated that i am infp . however , after ... i'm really glad this post came when it did . i go back and forth between feeling like infp and enfp to the point i am never sure which i am . it is definitely true that your personality doesn't ... any of my attempts at stopping that spiral ( with , like , inspirational logic ) tend to backfire . my guy is better at just sorting out his dark moods by himself and , as he says , getting over it . it ... i'm trying to train for a 5k right now , but i keep getting discouraged with it . some days i'm like , this treadmill is mine ! ! ! and other days i limp away like , i suck . when intj hubby is not responding , i will say stuff just to get a response , for sure . it's not always the smartest way to get stuff out of him , but it's something ... :) i've been dealing with a lot lately . my bad reaction to medication and ending up in the hospital with a semi-brain trauma has been an experience i can't really share with a lot of people due to it ... if there is a mood cycle present with depression involved , it is likely that it could be a mood disorder issue like biplar or cyclothymia . i would definitely have this checked out because there are ... the last couple of months have been confusing , upsetting , and terrifying to say the least . so ... i have no idea if i'm infp or enfp ... i think my recent bout with discovering the extent that i ... 1 . what is the mbti personality of your partner ? intj 2 . how long have you been married ? almost 8 years 3 . how did you meet ? at a church mixer at a restaurant after he had just moved to our ... i don't have a good gauge of what's appropriate or not , so i tend to withdraw a lot more than i want to and then am upset about it . i'm trying to figure out how to just relax and do what comes ... i have felt a similar way in certain areas . i really want to believe we could live in some utopia where everyone loves everyone else and everything is perfect ... i kind of go back and forth between ... i struggle with ocd and add ... and since those have been undiagnosed for most of my life , i have struggled with depression as a result ... it honestly sucks . i try not to be so sensitive to others , ... i watched a history channel documentary called high hitler which discussed all drugs he was on all the time . like , never off of any of them . i think this would distort his personality to the point ... to me , this make sense b / c my intj husband is always pointing out details about our physical surroundings . could it be that intj have a lot of eye movement because of se being the inferior function ... ... i feel like ne could pair with te and get some stuff done ? ? ? now that you said that , i am thinking of how to write an enfp into that role . i mean , how could ne not make an amazing leading ... i go into estj mode sometimes ... like when i was preggo and stressed and my classroom was overwhelming . i was all te-ne like , do your work or else ! and it somewhat worked . ? ? ? i was pretty shocked ... as a girl and possibly the most introverted enfp in the world ( ? ) , here are my answers : how would you react if your best friend ( girl ) was badly injured and sent to the hospital ? i would freak ... taking that drug prescribed by a doctor was seriously the most traumatic event of my life . i'm still trying to deal with how it affected my mind , emotions , and body . i think i learned a lot of new ... i really believe our subconscious has more of an effect on us than we realize ... i think i've been too scared of ne for my whole life , and so i didn't do a lot of things that felt natural to me . i have been sooo withdrawn to the point of experiencing a ton of nameless anxiety ... this applies to me ... '