' damn ... it's been a long time . anyway , when i find a perfect gif i use it . ladies and gentlemen : entp ... nah , i've never fancied intjs . nothing against them , really . i'm just more of a dog person . i love english , italian and algebra i dread mathematical analysis and german so yeah .. it's more about how interested i am in the subject in hand than the entire thing . for me languages are ... no , but my can-only-afford-ramen-atm brother is ! like , one of those ice making bags a day . great , now i have even more people to worry about :') ... thank you so much , this really helped ! now that i think of it , it's very true that she always takes time to adjust . her views are mostly ethical , as in it's wrong to kill , but after transitioning ... http://img.pandawhale.com/85833-is-it-too-much-to-ask-for-both-2yVg.gif also , gifasion ! get it ? gif-invasion ? haha ok i'm just gonna go fuck the nerds now so .. my friend , who is the epitome of an infp , went full vegan overnight a few months ago . which is cool , since i'm a vegetarian myself and we didn't really have disagreements on the subject ... http://rs1227.pbsrc.com/albums/ee428/p_L_o_X_i_T_y/Gif/Stormtrooper-GIF.gif~c200 fucking nerds i find it hard to relate to shows that put too much emphasis on relationships and too little on the plot . if there's a scheme , i'm in ... if there's not fuck nah i'm out of here . game of thrones ... i noticed it's almost impossible not to bump to a finn here in every single thread .. which should be considerably less likely since there's a mere 5 million of us . seriously , it should be way more ... 1 ) were you bullied / a bully . both , at the same time . i went to a school were we had blended classes , and on first grade ( 7yo ) ended up getting teased and made fun of by some girls who were a ... oh god , not the bolded text ! not the bolded text ! ! http://heavyeditorial.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/not-the-bees.gif?w=780 no need to get all ad hominem on me . i simply assumed you linked the ... nah girl you're missing the point . the point was not to find a certain way we all dress / look like , but rather discuss how and why we go about our looks . at least to me ... the istp starter seems to ... damn that's some hot stuff sonny anyway , i tend to gravitate towards a sylish yet relaxed look . basically the stereotypical nordic city girl . i buy all my clothes in colourless colours ( beige , ... yeah , she could be an enfp as well . however , if you watch some of her other videos she often emphasizes on logic over feelings and makes jokes that are bound to offend some people . i think an enfp ... https://media.giphy.com/media/AeWoyE3ZT90YM/giphy.gif agreed xd to her defense it was theoretically speaking an almond butter joke . still icky . ei vittu tääl on muitki suomalaisii kui muikeet ! ! i've never been typed wrong , by anyone else at least . however in a group of girls , i tend to gravitate towards exfp-like behaviour : not stirring ... this chick is like 90 % of how i usually act / think / whatever . worth a watch if someone's wondering what happens when femininity and entp collide . since , you know , the stereotypical entp is a masculine ... https://media.giphy.com/media/RgfW4ywPdhxzq/giphy.gif ages 0-6 - munched on everything - poked my eye with a stick and got a small permanent scar on my eyeball - my mom told me we're all going to die someday , had an existential crisis ages 6-11 ... have fun calling it that , hipster .. smoothie is a fruit / veggie / protein supplement / milk product mix made in a blender , whilst juice is literally just fruit piss and made in a juicer . is wine just ... mother : infj ( step-father : istp ) father : istj me , sister : entp brother : istp we were raised solely by our mother and step dad . we used to meet our dad anything from once a month to once a ... another enfp sucker here ! friends or lovers , these guys are the best people to hang around in my experience . mingling with other entps is way harder compared to enfps . entps tend to be emotionally ... nah gurl we all know everyone's lookin at dat sweet pumpkin patch of yours : octopus : how i vaguely feel about this thread : laughing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44AmqL5tWCM estj http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr03/2013/7/19/23/anigif_enhanced-buzz-3829-1374292402-13.gif istp ... like the header says : the types as gifs ! if you don't feel like doing all the types , just go ahead and post the ones you want ! : smile : some bitter intj kid is going to point it out anyway , so ... pure ammonium chloride powder . together with a ( isfj ) friend i managed to sneak into the chemistry class during recess and we ( i ) decided to try it out . i don't think it's that weird though , more of ... you're right , it is immaturity . your subjective experience of someone is of course totally valid and okay and so on . you have all the rights to be bored by someone or something you don't personally ... not gonna lie it took me ( non native speaker and a general idiot ) a good three times to get the hang of what you were saying . anyways , i suppose it would cancel out the purpose of the classification ... http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/understood_that_reference_avengers.gif also thanks for the fake cookies and the stomach lavage . i feel truly welcomed : hugs : people seem to have all sorts of fancy fears here ... don't let me bore you , but holy shit i'm scared of snakes . like , one of my earliest memory is waking up to a nightmare of a snake . i have never ... i know , i know , i'm fed up with low quality puns as well :d ispirited : anyways , after literally years of back and forth i've come to the conclusion that i'm entp and not an intp . mostly because ... my ( infp ) friend once described me at a party as follows : you get into really intense conversations and people find you kinda weird but entertaining . oh , and your dancing is overly self aware , ... i think it's about how big of a deal you make of it . for example , a spoiled brat would go all justin bieber / gordon ramsay hybrid on the food like ohmaigaad i can't believe you thought it was a good ... 100 % agree . the people i associate in these groups are not my friends , but rather acquaintances . i might have led of a bit with my explanation ; i do have a lot of friends , male and female , ... mind making a shorter , straight to the point version ? i mean , if you want intps to give advice on this en masse make it so that we're able to understand it with our deprived feeling abilities ... enfp no way ( absolutely not ( nopety nope ( no ) ) ) , infp is possible but i think he's too rational and not emotionally expressive enough . i stand my ground . + socialist party is the best party : toast : guy code : like girl code but less nailpolish and more homoerotic fixing-cars-and-sweating-together . finally found a sound definition . also , thanks for the brutal intj honesty : laughing : yeah i can imagine guys doing that with each other too . but ( there's always a butt ) either i'm naturally good with the guy code or guys let it loose around me , since i've always found it easy to make ... * in the most high pitched blonde rich girl voice possible * ugghh what a creeper : rolling : america plz : coolest : you're right about the girl code not being so prominent with one-to-one relationships , btw ! in groups it's applying a certain level of vanity and grace in the way ... no boys allowed in this tree house ! just kidding :p eaceful : anyways , for those of you who don't know girl code is the supposedly natural social structure among women and girls . now , i realized ... before i start to babble some idealistic bullshit i have to point out that in european culture nationalism / patriotism , even with the same definitions , have way different meanings . i love my ... wow rude i came here to post just that : ssad : : laughing : i have nooo idea who this guy is , but ... i'd say humanist intp ( much like me ! which might colour this argument ) dominant ti : although he has good orating skills , he does have to seek for the right ... i'm basing this argument on how an infj would subjectively describe someone - not that's it's a bad thing , but it does affect how you see her . i actually have a infj mom , esfp sister and an estp ... exfp some of your statements are , in my opinion , a bit too categorized to be those of an dominant ne , and rather show the strong , practical se . but then you clearly stated that you go by gut ... i just feel that not having a clean , organized house makes my whole life messy and prevents me from focusing on my strict schedule of parties and sport events : laughin : '