' well , actually i did read up on all of the types first . it doesn't take long , there are only nine after all . most of them are so obviously not what i am ( or ever have been ) like that the process of ... oh don't misunderstand me at this : if i say 514 , that doesn't mean i am just finished and wear it like a badge . it is only the beginning of the discovery process . it is that which the evidence points ... ah ok so there's quite a few combinations then if order matters . and i'd say that my current guess is 5-1- 4 for me . definitely the intellectual and i love my freedom to think how i please , so i will ... yep , i plan on going through all that material and the test . good stuff , thanks ! reading about the 514 ' s if its true , it would explain a whole lot . eccentric and quirky only begins the story . very ... paradigm don't worry about me being confused with the tritypes . i'm more confused if there is an incomplete match ( as is the case with pure 5 and pure 1 with me ) . there's no doubt that i've got ... wow , that's really interesting ! i'm going to have to dig into this and figure it out . you may be right - i have some traits which i haven't mentioned yet which may apply to this heart side . as an ... ok so i understand the differences now and agree that you're probably right in that the types of one system are describing different things than the types of another system . correlations are bound to ... i'm new to the enneagram side of typology , so i'm seeking a bit of insight . from what i've read , there's some dispute as to the whole wing theory part of it , but i understand it as that your w ... still waiting for that evidence , hotshot . i say your paradigm is false and you need to change it . you just don't realizes you're wrong . put up or shut up . maybe you'd like to explain for us ... its well known that under high stress , we can exhibit traits of our demon function ( seriously who comes up with these names ? ) which is our 8th function or rather , the reverse polarity of our ... real quickly , as i'm getting ready for a busy day and can't reply to more than one thing : ahhh ! i see . well that's very interesting but there is an alternative explanation . what you're seeing ... whoo boy i go do other things for two days and the fire hasn't died down here at all . much of this is going to sound unfairly harsh to wiarumas . i replied in sequential order , and i know he ... the two are not mutually exclusive . in fact , i'd go as far as to say that the two are mutually inclusive . god is the inventor of marriage , and he sets up the parameters of what makes it work . people ... thank you for that . i'm approaching this as a topic with her . dialog is slow-going recently due to her extra busy schedule . entjs seem to love them some intense work , eh ? ;) i did explain ... see what i mean ? why do so many of you people insist that the gender roles are wrong ? god says that this is the way it is , and that settles it . its the way he designed men and women to be in ... belladonne yes , i will grant that i do have a strong tendency to over-think things . and yes , intjs are very prone to this , because being ni dominant can really make you do this . in my particular ... inadequate ? seriously ? i am most certainly not inadequate . i don't feel inadequate either . what possible area of being a husband might i feel inadequate in ? i can't think of any . but i am ... i understand your definition of general leadership and i agree with it . that's great . the role the bible gives the husband as head is a lot deeper than that though . its not about success and ... no time to properly reply to everything now , but i have to say ... y'all are definitely reinforcing my false stereotype that entjs are all cold blooded and insensitive by default . man , and i thought ... i never said anything about condemning the old testament . i was talking about the culture of the day which was far , far from the original commandments of god . jesus revolutionized everything in ... this isn't about tradition . i hate tradition . its about following our authority who is god , and playing out the roles which he has set for us . besides * shudder * ... isfj and esfj are the two most ... yeah that's why i said both people are hoping for male leadership . headship , really . being the head is a servant / leader role . the wife's role is lover / helper . its gender roles we both believe in ... question for anyone who might know ... so , i'm getting to know a woman online for a potential relationship , and from how she describes herself and her life , she sounds a whole lot like an entj to me ... i just wanted to mention something which i don't see talked about much but i think may be observed . sometimes i think there are pairs of functions which never show up in the same person , but ... wow i'm genuinely surprised to hear that . from what i've seen and read , i would have guessed that the jungian function theories are on more solid ground than the mbti letter theories . and ... no defenders eh ? so , is the general consensus of mbti fans that mbti is pop psychology and not to be taken seriously ? i would have thought on this forum if anywhere , people would speak up about its ... how can there be a middle ground between intp and infp ? the two types are miles apart in terms of cognitive functions . either you have massive ti and pretty much no fi , or you have massive fi and ... well , it could be demonstrated that any field of interest or study , which has enthusiasts is going to be misrepresented by a fair number of them . that isn't any more a discredit than a credit to ... i truly don't see how anything i said could be considered talking down to you . i never mentioned you by name in any of my comparisons ; and generalities i've made are established facts . so what was ... i've noticed in more than a few places , the apparent disdain for mbti personality typing and discussion . for example , bringing it up in a public discussion as a side topic will get comments like ... i don't think its particularly high standards to expect kids to obey their parents . sure kids misbehave but not to this extent unless the family has some serious problems . also , just because the ... bing ! that's it , thanks . you hit the nail dead on i think . it would be pretty sad if she forced the latter plan b idea though eh . but yeah , she may not be interested in changing , and for the ... oh good grief no . i didn't expect y'all to take anything like that personally . to clarify , i was trying to say that if you mistype someone , and then observe their behavior , that they can appear ... to flesh out the context a bit more ( since we've gone off the rails just a bit , due to a lack of detail ) the father in this situation does generally end up picking up the slack here . and you're ... it was a simple question to a legitimate problem . the details were to provide that context which you say is everything . if you don't have an answer , then lets see if maybe someone else does . :d ry : ... out 0fammo ok well , as an intj , i also share auxiliary te and tertiary fi with the istj , so i know how that feels . yet i tend to think that i'm very nurturing to my six year old daughter . but i had to ... just had a long conversation with my intp buddy regarding his wife , who we have long assumed to be an isfj who is mysteriously very unlike the stereotypical isfj . after some discussion , we came to ... you actually have leveraged your bad luck . for example , you are impatiently waiting for an important phone call . so you go use the toilet because you know it will increase the likelihood that you'll ... i have a hard time imagining a socially awkward esfp . thoughts ? weird hybrid - probably why we can't nail it down . that's the thing about fictional characters . they can be written to be anything . its amazing any of them have mbti consistency at all . regarding ... don't be silly - its not a want as much as its an observation . i don't think ne people are necessarily crazy ; i've made a fair number of enfp friends on this board . but se doms are pretty ... i think what you're describing as se is actually te . think of the entj , and their dominant te . its that extremely tangible , pragmatic , execution of ideas ( from ni ) which is so very visible in the ... i did a video project today , which was rather fun since i had some time on my hands and wanted to experiment with the video editor . essentially the video ( split into 2 parts due to size ) shows the ... regarding the whole esfp / enfp thing - i did not see any esfp in anna in the movie . esfps are entertainers and attention seekers . they love being in front of people and soaking up attention . remember , ... just watched this movie for the first time today with my six year old daughter , and i immediately thought of enfp with anna . i was undeniably drawn toward her character , which makes sense because i ... oh i understand that most journals are somewhat narcissistic . but if i may make a minor quote : about 50 % of the journal is written supposedly from god's perspective . she truly and sincerely ... yes thanks . i have considered that myself , but because i do not know what the lord's intentions are in terms of who's job it is to find the right woman ( his or mine ) i have decided that if its ... the chilling thing is - you hit the nail on the head . no emotions . lies like its second nature . it was my error in describing her as a psychopath , as i sometimes forget the distinction . the former is ... bethdeth i am forming an image in my mind based on what you're saying that explains a whole lot , and in the process is actually assisting in further self discovery . thanks . i've got some new ... your intentionally slanderous objections are starting to look a bit tepid . are you sure you can't come up with something that has a bit more sting to it ? come on , you have a reputation to uphold . ... '