' i'm a swedish entp . a group sounds rad . :) isfj for gabriella ? that was my initial thought at least . i'm not a sociopath , although the thought does not worry me . if you're a sociopath you would not ask yourself that question ; no , rather that's a sign of not being very self-aware or ... all the entps i've known have cheated at least once . including myself . was starting to think it was a universal trait or something . personally i wasn't all that attached to my previous boyfriend ... heh . been thinking about this lately . mom - esfj dad - ixtj , too unhealthy to type properly brother - istj older brother - ixtj , probably intj but don't know him too well istj brother's ... cameron seems isfj imo yeah . he's gorgeous . judging from interviews , he seems like some kind of sp ? sorry for reviving this incredibly old thread , but i just finished norwegian wood and was thinking about the characters ' types . toru - infj or istp ? definitely seems to use , fe , ti , ni and se . the ... i was thinking infj for kira . her ni seems to be off the charts . are there any more guesses for todd ? will is either an istj or an estj . first thought was istj but he strikes me as a bit more involved ( organizing the dance etc ) , outspoken and in-your-face than your average istj would be . simon : isfp ... my current favourite teacher is an entp . he's fucking awesome , really . ( well actually we have two teachers in that class , but i think the other one's an intp . he's cool too ) . they teach social ... haha what , how'd you figure the trance ? my istj brother actually makes trance music ... i just re-read this book . i love it . i unfortunately don't really know the characters ' types very well , but i agree that both eli and oskar are introverts . oskar strikes me as some kind of a fi ... haha ! it's not that bad ! carl barât on its own sounds pretty cool , it's when you throw in ashley that it becomes questionable . is barât french or something ? it is ? i thought that was just something peter called him , along with carlito . :P hello ! and i apologize for kind of derailing the thread . i tend to get really excited when i find other libs fans to talk with . they're not really that common here in sweden , unfortunately . plus i ... hard for family members , easy for strangers . the less i care about the person , the more i care about their opinion of me . hear me out , i know that sounds weird . but really , i couldn't care less if ... yeah ... i try not to defend his actions too often though . i mean , as a fan i try to be careful not to put my idols on piedestals and be completely blind to their faults , you know ? i mean in most cases ... yeah , really . or i don't know ? damn it , you're making me unsure here haha ( shouldn't use very certain or definitely ) . well , the thing is that yes , i did originally think he was an extrovert ... yep , i'm still around ( albeit very infrequently ... ) and i've changed my mind . peter is definitely dominant fi , so infp . what do you think ? slacker ? how much is the salary ? in whichever case , i'm not getting paid enough . it just is . no , no it's not . yes , of course . infp's are sensitive creatures , so of course you guys are going to strive for acceptance from the people around you . i guess that at some point you are going to realise that it goes ... sorry for bringing this fairly ancient thread back from the dead . it's just that libs are my favourite band , and therefore it is perfect . peter : i'm very , very certain he's an enfp , albeit an ... nooo , absolutely not . they're awesome , okay ? no dissing the istjs . okay they do kind of seem boring on the surface , but once you've gotten to know them , in my experience , they are the silliest ... hahaha . that's brilliant . if i walked around and spoke like that , i doubt people would be able to be around me for longer periods of time without laughing . in general the sappiness seems a bit too ... hahaha i knooow , it's insane . here are a few of my personal favourites : x93there will come a time when all of us are dead . all of us . there will come a time when there are no human beings ... i liked it as well . i've also read looking for alaska , which i enjoyed more than tfios . idk i thought both augustus and hazel were pretentious as shit and it just annoyed me so so much xd . all of ... yeah , i feel very nostalgic about it as well . i remember being very excited about coming home from school as a twelve-year-old to watch a : tla . and as i've gotten older , it has only gotten better . ... i definitely believe that ultimately , azula was more badly hurt by her father than her brother was . by banishing him , ozai put a distance between himself and his son . zuko's banishment gave hime a ... where in britain do you live ? i'm suspecting it's an idealized picture of the uk i have in my mind , but i do have a dream of living there someday . i'm just such a fan of british music it's almost ... you're british ? jealooous . i'm sorry , i'm just another anglophile haha . but it's definitely the same in sweden , and i can imagine a lot of guys who feel the need to exaggerate their masculinity ... the same to you , my good sir ! i'm still very much on the fence regarding my type , and the fact that you are so willing to analyze me is great . it's very helpful , and also very interesting to read . ... yeah , i understand that . personally , i've always found dirty jokes hilarious , so i'm quite the opposite of you . as a girl , you're not supposed to do that , or even be a thinker . :p i'm not as ... i'm actually kind of confused of whether i'm a sensor or an intuitive now , so i decided to answer some more questions i found in another questionnaire . didn't include all of them for the sake of ... hmmm . is this only related to surroundings ? because i have a serious knack for remembering names and conversations years after they've happened . don't know if it's related to anything , but it sounds ... i've always seen zuko as trying to adapt himself to the fire nation's standards , without naturally fitting in . trying to appear more masculine and unemotional than he really is etc . being ruthless ... oh yeah , yeah definitely . infps are often viewed as innocent and idealistic and wouldn't hurt a fly , but in reality , in fights they can become quite fierce and no bs-y actually . i've heard people ... did my answers make you think ne ? also , heh ... i was actually diagnosed with add when i was younger . :p don't know how much it shows now though . i'm just seemingly incapable of organizing my life ... ah , i would only expect an intp to go completely against the stream and come up with an entirely different conclusion . love you for taking the time to write this . in-depth analyses of my functions is ... haha , thank you . i shall now start off with my duties as a newfound entp and go and troll the internet or something . ;) no , i don't really understand why people hold grudges , or are still angry the day after a fight . i get over things quickly , be it insults or arguments . i rarely get emotionally invested in arguments ... haha , that's fantastic actually . people who are able to laugh at tough situations and remain optimistic are very inspiring . and wow , i can imagine ( and i can imagine myself doing the same thing - ... yeah , i have the exact same experience . now , i have , however , completely embraced my weirdness , and i quite enjoy it . it's all about finding people who like you because of your weirdness and ... you're adorable . and , i'll have to agree with everybody else , very enfp . hilarious answer at the car one . you are right , indeed . i can identify with all of this very much . i think my favorite thing about discussing ideas with other people is that while neither of us might have a correct ... aang - perfect enfp . katara - esfj or enfj , can't decide upon that one . sokka - he gradually developed into an awesome entp . <3 10/10 , would marry . toph - istp or estp . i think i'd say istp ... i'll take that as a compliment . love your pug . i really didn't expect such a general consensus . almost starting to think that i actually am an entp , despite my occasional reclusive behaviour ( my ... thanks for the answer ! entp is one of the types i've considered , and the only extroverted one . the other ones are intp , infp and even infj ( okay , seems like i pretty much knew n ) . hearing you say ... '