' that's normal , it happens also to me . if i am in high mood , i can act like a 478 . depressed , like a 468 . satisfied and relaxed , 451 . but the real type of mine is 458 . how do they say ? ( ... ) in sheep's clothing . that is the key . nobody will obey to you till you don't give them the chance to obey you without consciously knowing they are obeying you . be ... society feels a compulsion to shield itself and dissociate itself from , all what falls on a point distant enough from the norm ( a synonym for average ) . that is what is much uglier , and what is ... the thoroughly intp person mission in life is deep understanding , and sheer truth . the thoroughly infp person mission in life is deep understanding , and sheer justice , in the sense of ruth ( all 3 ... when you visit this section of the forum , and feel cosiness instead of boredom . then you are an intp , or maybe an infp with a marked thinking facet in your psyche . an offbeat , outlandish , place ... [ from a book i read yesterday . a reminder to not turn into * * * js . ] the real meaning of p is : wings . winged folks , don't give in to flyphobia , albeit , sure , many forces all around us try to ... : carrot : : brocoli : that more or less finds myself in agreement , honey cookie . the answer's nature hinges upon two points : 1 ) how does he rate , on a 0-10 shyness scale ? the more shy he is , the more proactive it is reasonable that your attitude be . 2 ) what is your main ... * deleted * ne generates suggestions and possibilities . to make the workable ones into ideas , t must come into play . ni generates solutions , it prepares the ground for solutions , which t then informs . they ... sweetheart something i want to share ( sad part in red , bolded ; happy part in green ): something i want to share here is how you disturb the universe to make meaning . it isnx 92t pretty , and therex 92s a reason most who are able to do it on a grand scale are above forty . winning before ... they require handiness , but also intelligence . video games are split as follows : some require intelligence , others intelligence coupled with handiness . ( in turn , those requiring intelligence can ... equipoise but if your goals were to one day be not a stranger in your soul's territory , and to achieve as much truth as possible , then let me tell you that your condition is the most propitious . like a ... socially , yes ( and family belongs in society ! ) . but the best would be to be as honest and open as the intelligence , maturity , and degree of moral development of the other person allows .   ... i am sorry that you think that . it is obviously an fe and te thing . introverted judging functions are inner-directed feelings and thoughts , only by chance and to some extent they'll happen to ... utilitarian , deceptive and self-deceptive , falsely altruistic , societally programmed feeling , and utilitarian , earthbound , robot-like societally endorsed thinking . fe and te , of which i'd rather ... in intpese , that means : i am in heart-rending love with you , my baby . : adoration : : hearteyes : i always test 50 % t and 50 % f and am an intp-ish infp . maybe that's why my first motion of the mind was : why is none of them providing reasons for their statements ? in the intp forum , they'd ... at this , job got up and tore his robe and shaved his head . then he fell to the ground in worship and said : x93naked i came from my motherx 92s womb , and naked i will depart . the lord gave and the lord ... to fetch can the wine be transferred from one bottle to another without new oxygen being added incidentally ? is the cesium test cheaper than the oxygen test ? these are the two questions coming to my ... hatch it's a sly way to assess the test taker's consistency . and when it is not that , the different words import a subtle change in meaning . you probably go there with the wrong expectation that it's a place for debate . : smiley-cool 13 : infps and coding are destined to entertain a paradoxical relation . they are among the most intelligent people , coding is an ideal outlet for intelligence , therefore a part of their self will ... infps and gymnastics , that would be an interesting research topic : cheers 2 : : eagerness : * * * i just came across this , and couldn't help but think of certain enneagram / mbti ... anybody who understands / relates to my signature is welcome ! ( is this a snarky way to say no-one's welcome ? i don't know myself . ) : welcome : : m0827 : well , what if the forgery is a bottle that was filled in , say , 1960 ? oxygen content would be low , but there would be cesium . a simple search for mbti types intelligence will yield enough results : gifted / non-gifted ratios by type this is a good , to-the-point , resume : obviously , infps would top other charts ... an infp may turn j when surrounded by people gapingly less intelligent , rational , self-aware , in other words mentally developed . it is much burdensome , because we'd like to involve ourselves ... writing desk there a lot among the true ( non-mainstream , mostly ) artists , poets , and so on ( even psychologists ) . it's easier to meet them by reading , watching a good motion picture , ... than directly in daily ... what would you demand of life , to make you more sensitive without having to pay for it somehow ? no good lunch is for free . as for school work , you will always be slower than people of the same ... ! in the wake of your post , i read about the 9 types ' deadly sins ( and virtues ) . well , what to say ? the enneagram theory is petty-minded in many places . it's a commercial product , of the ... never thought intps could be show-offs , occasionally . : eek : maybe because in real life they are shy at all times . types aren't fixed places for a human . the mind shifts to a neat one , sometimes . or you keep being the same one , but your % of e and i ( or any other pair ) vary . you don't say ! : th_wink : harshly shut down others opinions or call them out on their bullshit they have the cheekiness to do it in a real-world setting . we do exactly the same , just in our mind or online ... ( although ... ah ! the entj who knows she is evil and domineering is the only entj i like - - and the least evil and domineering of them . : smile-new : :p uffer : so today you didn't spam your fakebook wall with a waterfall of #happy #inlove #loveuallguys ? as others said ere , you are an obvious isfp . you and we infps are much alike ( screw social norms and , in general , the ability to have an identity of our own , emotional , ... ) , and at once much ... isfps are among the extremely few types i'd like to be romantically involved with ( along with infps such as myself and intps ) . : angel : as though : emmersed : : winky : nobody has voted for ni . looks like a lot of infps like strategy games and planning tasks ... : suspicion :: hampster :: tranquillity :: rolldeyes :: biggrin : this doesn't look like strange enfp behavior at all . i am an infp , but when in high spirits , i'll act extroverted , and like this . he may be busy pursuing other women to make out with in the coming ... '