' dear entp , you used me and you suck . currently closest to me are an infp , an intp , and an estj . slightly further down are an entj , an enfj , and an isfj . no . it honestly depends . i usually hate being touched and it's really only a select few people that i permit to touch me . there are a few close friend that i sometimes seek out contact with , but that ... they have this lovely , infectious sort of humour . they make everyone around them relax . they're silly without losing their intelligence . they're ridiculously charming . they have original ideas . enfj and infp . secondarily , intp , estj , entj , enfp dear impossible entp , i am confident now . i am fabulous and sexy and i will act like it . and if me ignoring you because you were cold ( and i have like , feelings ? ? and emotions ? ? and you ... wanted traits 1 . intelligent and insightful 2 . self-assured 3 . emotionally stable 4 . similar sense of humour 5 . individualistic and independent turn off traits 1 . contemptuous , belligerent ... i'm usually great at reading people , ( and i can tell when other people like someone else too ) , but when it comes to someone liking me , i'm ridiculously clueless . sometimes bias gets in the way ; ... what an adorable idea ♥ our resemblance is uncanny ~ 83061 not unbearable , no , but difficult , yes . ( i definitely think i'm better at handling fe-ti ) . i don't mind how emotional they can be as much as how irrational the emotion makes them . i identify with one enfj , but i know a few others , and i surprisingly don't feel that similar to them . some of them , i don't even like . i have a weaker fe than most infjs though , so it could just be ... i'm sorry for giggling , i really am . man , estjs . i'm sorry to hear about that . read a good book and listen to chopin , try not to think about it too much . pros : you both bring out each other's bottom function . he helped me stay grounded , and i helped him see beyond the physical . there's a sense of spontaneity that can be very refreshing . cons : fi ... quality time and physical touch . brooding . - poison and wine , the civil wars - the longer i run , peter bradley adams - civilian , wye oak :p roud : i can't really see myself with enfp or estp . i'm usually very compatible with xntp types , but sensors just don't seem like they would work in the long run , and i don't think i'd ever be able to ... you frown , when no one else is looking except me , but i ’ ve mastered the art of not being caught i like to study people , at their most primal and i know , i do , the self-hatred in i am giggling so much , the one male estj i know is this down to every bullet ( except the last one , i swear i can't vouch for that side of him ) . thanks for sharing ! estjs are lovely people , and it is ... infps , i will concede , are quite difficult for me to understand , particularly their emotions . however , overall , esfjs are definitely the most difficult for me to comprehend in terms of understanding ... close friends , piano music , hot tea , and cats . this is an interesting theory . to contribute , i'm more strongly t , but with fe and ti . if it weren't for my powerhouse ni and judging tendencies , i'd be more inclined to type myself as intp . i'm ... jonathan safran foer , for sure . probably xntps . i adore nfps , but i'm terrible with fi and i'd much rather be with someone who i could rate to emotionally . ( ie , someone with fe ) incredibly confusing and unnerving . hard to follow , hard to understand . at times , impossibly selfish , projects itself onto other people . frustratingly apologetic for no reason , little to no social ... there are several us presidents that i often see listed as infj ; jimmy carter woodrow wison calvin coolidge martin van buren thomas jefferson i can definitely see coolidge and wilson ... ones : apdenoatis : 1w2 , 2w1 , 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) vaan : 1w2 - 3w4 - 7w6 sx / so u200barkendale : 1w2 - 6w5 - 4w5 sp / so - milli 66 : 1w9 - 4w5 so / sp perspicacious : 1w9 - 5w6 - 2w1 so / sp cordial ... i play both ! i know personality theory says intps , entps , or enfps . i'm friends with a few enfps , but i can't see a romantic relationship working with one , i have a hard time understanding fi . xntps are great ... i spent a few years of my childhood in the most lovely old house built in 1927 . i was thoroughly convinced it was haunted , though whether that was true or just childhood fears , i'm not quite sure . it ... * groans , clears throat * ahem . ah , infps . what to say , what to say . pros : - caring - imaginative - otherworldy cons : - selfish you should know that you didn ’ t break my heart i broke it myself a piece at a time for every one of those hugs that you gave me at the end of the day , when i felt like i might just explode from ... you foul , loathsome parasite i don't even know you that well but i do know you got off far too easy and that last week i saw your mother cry over her desk and pretending to be strong i ... i never knew why romeo and juliet was a love story because it was about dying and love is about living my first love ’ s mother was named juliet and i never thought it suited her until she was ... - are they talking about me ? - i wonder if i'll get yelled at for doodling on this test ... - i wonder what my crush is doing right now ... - that person is looking at me weird , was i staring at them by ... the only thing about him of which i am certain is that his eyes are more desolate than the moon and more lost than the sea hm . i'm useless at derailing , so um , honest answers ? good . anyway . ahem . entps are pretty much the shit . i have a fantastic entp that sits behind me in one of my classes . he likes to say ... - why don't you come out of your room more ? ( ahem , mum ) - get your head out of the clouds - weren't you paying attention ? oh man , i love estjs . this thread so far just makes me laugh , too . estjs are great , enough said . anywho . let me attempt a semi-biased info dump on what i know about estjs . 1 . ) tend to be ... the great thing about us humans is that we're all incredibly diverse and unique . the truth is that mbti typology is meant only to be a guideline . as people , not all 7 billion of us are going to fit ... dearest , shall we try this again ? i know we both love the same person and each of us , far too much he ’ s so full of our affection , dearest , let ’ s face it , he wants neither of us dearest , i know ... the girl on my bus thinks that he is enthralled by me . i think possibly that i am enthralled by him . he enters my mind at random at his leisure , i suppose . while i am knitting , while i am ... i've heard the most successful treatment is spending copious amounts of time on the infj forum . ~ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erywPdFfORE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBiuQlW9tR4 i test as intj extremely frequently . typing myself eventually boiled down to my ti being loads stronger than my te , and the same with fe / fi . i read the fountainhead recently ( what a chore ) . i don't particularly mind her philosophy , but i think that both her ideals and those of her opposition , so to speak , are rather extremist , and that ... i think fi deals a lot more with emotional expression . i find that not only do i have difficulty expressing my own emotions , but i also can't even figure out what i'm feel about certain things , or ... when i was a girl , i was afraid of being alone . i clung to my mother ’ s thighs like a swollen disease and the dark housed a thousand nameless terrors all waiting to ingest me , digest me now , as ... it ’ s behind me , now . silence , get your tentacles out of my head i don ’ t have time for you no time for you , or your icy , black hands so get your damn fingers out of my ears stop whispering your ... '