most of this things could be intuitive , too . well , they are quite popular on twitch community . but i getch ya . mercer is quite a good dm , and there was a campaign of late , frost giants , which is good to look at . there's always a reason behind it . i was bored at the battles at some point , it reminded me of rock , paper , scissor . and the ambiance was so still . like everyone prepared for their deaths . but the atmosphere was so great . it was ... did you like tenth game ? that's quite many hands . i suggest to make all our enneagrams a 9 . happy birthday o_o it's like she found some inner order , and don't want you to disturb it . if you will be at home , find something useful to do for family and think your situation through . it's the eyes you usually see on a war photos . still hate the loudness . fought for hour with gulp . that's the life of a human who can't even code . i was so horrified when i tried to play tabletops with people from other countries . actually talking with people on it in real life helps . very nice example . i wanted to bring body in that . but nature just covers it all . everything have structure to not fall apart . but divergence is always there - other way you will not know where to ... don't know . first , you have some new social experience . then , environment may allow it . to be more yourself . i was feeling myself like this amongst friends when they were eagerly and happily ... it's like something clicks and you are happy around everyone ? very good . always have to deal with this things myself . leave out so many things to deal with . life would be like very comfortable : ) don't know if that says about 6 or stj . but this things are ... i'll agree . it would be quite a false thing to enjoy things the same way if you only saw them , not experiencing them by yourself . but sometimes it's just more fun to watch your friend play and share ... umbert put quite a line to it . that it's imaginary things built on theories - which in their turn are not supported by anything . it's like creating a world of fear and stress , trying to sustain them ... oh , you are closing to the ending . plus i think 6s have more grounded look on work that they are doing . like why and for what ? according to their life . vasaris reminded me of this song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7FmsNQyNOs nice party . that's very great . nburns . you seem to be frustrated by things . relax . and make better judgments . maybe this might help a little . https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/the-peacemaker-overview-of-type-nine/ in honesty , i know one russian man , who moved in australia with family , friend of my friend . put a lot of strength in all that roleplaying stuff , i mean , tabletop . you might move maybe one time ... haha ! but , really , it depends in which circle you will get . i mostly met people who were in rpg's , and we met in cafe and discussed all this stuff . not often . i lived with people who discussed this stuff all the time . happy memory - _ - i think so . it's the ability to walk together , see places , share something on more then text level . senses . no , not at all . i met very nice people in my life , which had great impact on me , when i met them on social network . it's just , that you can know person better when you meet him in real life . wondered on what differs between ' internet ' and real life . thank you . i do think people could have strong connections on boards . but only if they met in real life . do we have close connections ? http://poorlydrawnlines.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/beauty1.png https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/25/7d/c3/257dc3a12d8d36648257d8310ff06798.jpg hey ! literally history of every star formation is interesting . of every galaxy . planets around the sun , asteroid belts , debris flying in the gases . supernova blowing up and scattering as a nebula . actually thinking that he is delusional is more appropriate . in this case ' lies ' is a simple inner emotion . nothing have to do with reality . like when your beliefs are being pressured to doubt ... nno , i don't see this as a lie . it's this person business , if i know i'm right , then i'm right . if i'm not , well , ok . i can attest for my mistakes . phrase might be objective if it's a general ... yes , something like that . can you delve into your mind and recognize what you feel as istp ? yes , that's what i meant . that this phrase is subjective . yesterday i've read about schizophrenics . very interesting thing about them was - ' hearing voices ' . some study show up , that when we think something - we unintentionally use our voice muscles , ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/73/d0/c2/73d0c2ae67368848c519125c55cca26a.jpg i think it's for everyone hard to open up with certain experience . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47h6pQ6StCk the first trailer for ‘ loving vincent , ’ an animated film featuring 12 oil paintings per second by over 100 painters | colossal looks good . kotor yes , it's how i usually write - like talking with people aloud . thing is , some times what you write is unerstandable to ones but not really much to others . not so much on meaning of sentences , as ... yes , but not not so much in content as in word count . so i get read of too long adjectives ( and russian is good on them ) , adverbs , leaving mostly what needs to be said . but i'm not doing very ... when i'm usually editing it becomes an occam's razor . so phrases could become even more chopped . i should be more conscious of that ! have you read sasha sokolov - a school for fools ? how much to the end ? of the story .