' drawing music funny pic surfing ( internet surfing ) biking boxing i'd say the times when i can socialize w / o any form of anxiety or hesitation could be my ' e ' persona . it's so rare , but i definitely like this side . full force , mind clear and body in motion . man . this thread . this is why i love you guys .. the more i think about it , the only kind of hug i can give is a real , sensual hug . that's why random hugs are so awkward , cant do that . wow i kind of just figured out why a co-worker of mine 2 years back use to call me ' half-smiley ' . and this was before i found out my personality type .. slow much .. that also reminds me back when i ... i'm guilty of using my glare / stare as a weapon alot . for example , if i know someone is staring at me on the subway , i glare at them back and it's satisfying to see their ' oh shit ' face and they know ... i only like it when my istp uncle and his estp son is at the table too . the deep funny shit we talk about . yeah , holy shit i dont know how many people have told me i sit so vulgarly . for one , my favorite position is squatting . whether it be squatting on a chair , squatting on the ground , squatting on the ... are sea cucumbers animals ? those things are fucking disgusting as a living thing on its own . i have one of the screwiest sleeping habits ever . sometimes i sleep more than 15 hours later , sometimes i dont sleep for over 24 hours . sometimes i wake up during the night and sometimes i wake up ... i have a fb but i find it so ridiculously useless . besides it being a source of evidence for underage drinking pictures and attention whoring . i cant even stand when someone is 9 inches or closer to me . i am not fond of their nasty stank , nor their breath on my skin . it's like i have to be surrounded by fresh air 24/7 or i'd flip shit . dont ... since my bestfriend is also an introvert , we usually meet up once every few weeks . always planned ahead at least 12 hours beforehand though . other than that , we chill on the comp and chat nearly ... there was a time , when my cousin's friend had runaway from home and needed a place to stay . and just like that i let her . although of course my parents were all wtf she ran away , your suppose to ... mostly manga ... i'm better off reading text with visuals = x i do it alone in my room when i discover something amazing and theres no one to share with but myself ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF3dxVJPKV4&list=FLe3jrfACOGweVAGTZGWnzqg&index=3&feature=plpp_video i wish i was the main character of an action anime . i remember i had suicidal thoughts beginning in middle school . there were occasions where i actually told a family member . worst decision of my life . it somehow had spread to other family members and ... not when im in a crowded room and my name is audible to everyone . drawing is one of my biggest hobbies manga biking sleeping ? mma wiki-runs gaming wasting time cutting all my hair when im bored . im a reserved leader you are reserved x96 you aren't someone who always needs to have others around , and you find you can handle most situations on your own . you can be very happy ... i can relate to that emotion thing . i remember back in 6th grade , in spanish class , our teacher was leaving the school . all the kids were crying and hugging and such and i was just clueless ... i ... hahaha funny , cuz all my cousins who are younger then me look up to me . the second they see me , they're all like yayy ! ! your here it's mostly the younger ones though . i can see alot of respect ... i still do have it , but it was pretty intense when i was a kid . im slowly training myself to ignore it whenever in public . not sure when im talking , but normally i'd be toying with something , whether it just be my nails , my phone , my zipper ... my estp and intj cousins , and istj bestie boxing ... italian ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G7xHTW8pao&feature=g-vrec&context=G2243e0cRVAAAw i like to make eye contact with those on the subway that think they're ' secretly ' staring at me . surprise surprise . no lyrics , but it totally just is me . a bit of sadness too . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYDEEQj_7D8 only during times when im interested , i smile . and on a daily basis , its rare ; so yes . idk if its only just me , but my posture is horrid . ' holy shit , how did you do that ? ' hell yea , makes me ' feel ' . 16 , new york . why wouldnt i be ? i'm just writing out what they personally said . i never said i let my emotions rule or anything . i've grown up hearing the same things . i've dealt with it my whole life . idk what ... erm , when it comes to adults , they think i'm shy ( which pisses me off ) my mom always told everyone i was shy . people my age think i'm scary as hell . i think some envy me for being so dam carefree .  ... dear whoever , i fucking hate you guys sometimes . thanks for degrading me of my humanity for the years i have been alive . i know you guys like making me feel all guilty because i cant accomplish ... some animes / manga 2ne1 sleeping / dreaming biking bones secret garden daggers im still young , but yeah , considering the fact that i dont take much seriously , you can consider that i am . my humor ? i'm goofy and act like im retarded as hell lol . school basically ... the second i walk into class , i want to die thinking of what interesting things that i ( wont ) be learning . who created this credits system anyway ? its fking bs . 1 . anything i can relate to really ... 2 . sometimes when people are just stupid and dont know what they're saying . idk sometimes i get this really strong urge to correct them . well i guess this can ... i'd buy my own flat , just so i have a place to come back to . the rest , i'd go on vacation forever around the world . right ? what's literally impossible for them is easy for us . its true , its hard for me to believe that i let go of a load of friends at once so easily at one point . my family doesnt trust me when i say i can go solo without 1 person talking to me for weeks and ... my istp uncle is pretty self-confident . he usually tells me he knows alot , or can do anything . can be quite judging or cold at times , but all in all he's a pretty cool , nice guy . hey , im a 16 year old istp female , who is a soon to be h . s dropout . nice to meet you all :P both , and plus we usually want to be left alone anyway . so in a way we avoid too . '