' people you don ´ t trust and like - big wall . people you like and trust so so - medium wall . the few you trust and like - small wall . the handfull in a lifetime you truly like and trust - no ... kangaroo filet ... and nothing else it ´ s very close to the highway that leads away from here . i think it's best if you avoid people who drain you . in the end it'll only frustrate you and put you in a bad mood . of course ! ! red spirit-san , first you paint my fence and then you wax my car , no questions asked . warm , kind , thoughtful , but a bit sad and lonely i would love to have a nice car . however it's not very high on my wish list . and i don't find it to be important . if i ever would get one , it would be a retro delorian . however , it would take ... i have met 4 estj : s that i know for sure , and i'm a infp . what i can say is that we view the world very differently . we get along most of the time . but atleast for me , i think that a friendship ... hahaha , that might be true . however i don't think you or any infj should worry about it . even if he was he most likely had several disorders and on top of that had a lot off stuff happening in his ... you are a flower that thrives in the sunshine , at times it feels as though you are withering away , but after some rain new energy you regain , and as a young strong flower , you will always remain . iv'e been a sergeant in the military and a teamleader on my previous work . i can't say that i liked it in the military as a leader . perhaps i was just young back then but i believe that it was ... curiosity ? if people look at abortion as a substitute to contraceptive agents ... i belive that they are wrong . i don't think it should be missused . however i belive that the female has the right to decide ... no happiness today ... : exterminate : bad wednsday ... since it isn't thursday here yet :p roud : i swear quite a bit . however ... when i hurt my little toe , by ramming it into the leg of a table etc ... i curse the most ... even satan would be shocked . i recognize this a bit ... i would say nostalgia . nostalgia usually come from good childhood memories but also things that trigger these good feelings . it might be a song or whatever that ... i think that it might be nervousness . initial contact . pressure . i suggest you find a activity , hobbie-club etc . where you can interact with people more naturally . talking to people in those ... i have gotten much less competetive during the years . i used to play a lot of sports and actually liked the competative aspect between teams . however i never really liked it on a personal level . two ... i have 4 stories ... i'll try to make them brief . 1 : my father passed away many years ago . my mother have a old clock , pretty big one , old heirloom . i didn't work actually just recently got ... i always liked sports . i played hockey , basketball when i was young and floorball . i also really like martialarts , so i trained muay-thai and brazilian jiu jitsu . i always wanted to try american ... strategy i belive everyone have their right to their opinion . therefore i rarely even get upset if they challange my values . it is after all up to me to be able to defend them with logic , morals and wit etc ... school is easy , it's a ready path set for you . routines and all . the cure is planning and routines . just force yourself to do the task at hand , reward or not . and if you can schedule it ... it's ... ok , that is good actually , since then you don't have to do that later on right ? however you might need a plan , routines . i work shifts at the moment . so normally i don't have time for anything during ... i dislike bullying . also i belive that bullies gives a lot of people the wrong view about strenght in person and athority . a strong man or woman don't use the bullying method since they ... canon most my values are about how i think one should treat other people . be helpful , don't judge ( there are always more to the story than meets the eye ) , treat people with kindness and understanding . a ... try to make a habit out of taking care of things as soon as they come . you'll feel the reward of completing the task at hand and aslo the stress that comes from pushing things in front of you ... i tend to fall asleep in the shower . not for too long though . i also tend to crash into every door frame on my way to the shower in the morning . i can't eat anything until after atleast 2 hours ... this is very difficult since every situation differs from another . well if it's really quick . then i get scared , deal with the situation , and before i realize what happened it's already over . and ... butterflies are beautiful = fjärilar är vackra native - swedish good at english , norwegian ( norwegian is a bit similar to swedish ) familiar with danish . and know only a small amount , german ... - rex - starwars the clonewars - eddard stark - game of thrones - frodo - the lord of the rings ( books ) trust . i generally don't trust people , or atleast have a hard time to . this can be friends , co-workers , and sometimes girlfriends . it has nothing to do with jealosy or unreachable goals from my ... i think i only met one who i really can say is estp . and we get along fine . however even if we get along really well most of the time i get the sense that we still , in some matters , are eons apart . he will most likely go on and on with this behavior . he'll push you away and when you try to leave he'll pull you back . i don't belive that he is a intj has much to do with this at all . this is ... reasons could be many ... but something is bothering her , if she doesn't even speak to you ... however , i suspect that you are a bit too close to her sister and her friends . it almost sounds as ... no one is superior to anyone else . how do one even measure superiority , can one person calculate all possibilities and skills of another person ? no ! ! there are always someone who is better than you ... i think anakin could be a infp villain , with some higher narcissistic traits . also mabye a fanatic crusader . but i think it would be hard ... a battlefield would fit , however just random pillaging ... starwars age , so ií could clone myself and make an army of me , and rule the galaxy ! no , but perhaps today as one above mentioned that we are pretty socially evolved , or perhaps prehistoric because ... you have a point , but there is a lot more to it . where i come from , everyone have paid leave . minimum 4 weeks a year . also a really good social security network . healthcare and other things are ... i think that there are little to none acceptance in this world . people seem to have a hard time putting themselves in other peoples shoes . i think it's a form of egoism with lack of knowledge and ... i'm sorry to hear that . for what it's worth i wish you the best and hope you will be able to turn it around at least a bit so that you'll atleast find a little peace of mind . i truly hope that you'll ... she is probably just young and perhaps not so insightful . this is where you have to set your boundries with her . if there are things in her behaviour you dislike , you have to tell her . as with all ... i'm mostly peaceful . i try to solve things peacefully . but it has happened several times that the cup gets full . then i go berserk . ok , i understand . so it is the addiction . i understand that it must be devastating . and hard to get rid off . i've seen it with a friend ... unfortunatly he didn't make it . it's sad to hear that you ... yes , depression . i recognize this above a bit . i've had quite bad one for over 16 years , it is hard . but nowdays it's more rare for me , and if it strikes me it lasts only for a short short while . i ... the world is both good and bad . if i would ask you to discribe your own heaven and hell . what would you say ? i'm 100 % sure it all are things you can find in this world already . there is ... well ... actually ... i think they / you can . you already are a little bit positive and hopeful , otherwise you wouldn't have started to take charge of your own life and try change it for the better .  ... hard to say . reasons could be many . would it hurt to give him a call ? atleast you'll get some clarity . good or bad , either way you are able to move on . unfortunatly , i think it's the only way ... no one is superior to anyone else . how do one even tell superiority ? how do one evaluate all possibilities and strenghts ? it's impossible . all people have different strenghts ... someone is always ... '