' to her imaginary friend , sue . it was kinda creepy at first , but i got used to it : ) i've seen and experienced this with some entps . the questioning is fine . i actually go deeper on some topics . from an isfp view , why don't you discuss things that are more practical ? and come to a ... i've observed the same . you're a guy , but how long should that time take ? an entp girl i'm dating is doing the same thing , needing to be respected and comfortable , though she's already ... wow . you are easily manipulated by a little eunuch . and also do not read well . all i am saying is that some do not type correctly at first . that is all . i didn't even ask anyone specific to ... uhh .. are y'all sure y'all have your daddies and mommies right ? and not associating him with ' masculine types ' ? and her with ' feminine types ' ? when i first started mbti i did pappy wrong . if ... oh gawd . you two tickle me to tinkle . what a fabulous duo . here's some corny giggles : peter pan alex , instead , you should tell neko to take a chill pill : crazy : neko , do you really want a ... sad feeling = ! depression . sad feeling + drugs = fucked brain --> continual depressive state . until you stop taking drugs , i will label you mutant isfp , not cool like the ninja turtles . i wanted to post that a while ago . ( i'm thinking that isfps aren't really depressing as we are ' mood contagious ' . ) you are entj . you have no emotions to feel depression . now leave and be ... the ones in the insane asylum or bums on the street weren't a significant portion of the population . the who figures you gave are skewed or do show a harmful global trend occurring . in any case these ... weak argument . your mom did crack when you were in the womb or you were poorly raised / developed . don't procreate . assuming you'd find a mate , the child may not fair any better . you know ... you suck on pharmaceuticals for depression ... your previous 80,000+ year ancestry didn't require them . why do you need them now ? you use statistics as an excuse to under think and so over think in ... it works and is how many entps imprison their own lives . [ ' i'm lonely but my cognitive powers will take me out of any bad situation . i don't need people because that's when i thrive . ' ] not ... i'm not blaming it because we're weak on logic or should be using it more . rather , that when you find yourself feeling bad , the tiredness and fatigue of it all should quickly tell you why . being in ... i've observed two entps that aren't really insecure but have bouts where they dread their loneliness . a third , i feel foolishly , rationalized his way out of healthy relationships for the rest of his ... i'm a little frustrated with socializing on forums at the moment . there's a missing element going on but may i ask your ages and what makes you depressed ? i find depression is really foolish and ... i have a little brother your age . you can call me names . but wtf do i do ? it's like if you went to a kindergarten and thought you were a badass . i mean i saw the picture of you . you're really ... come now ... i'm creative and enjoy a good imagination . change minor details so you're untraceable . i will take any and all blame ~ no . search for other posts where i'm actually helpful . that's where . shrilly , high pitched = teen , frustrated = sexual identity be true to yourself and you will have no problems in life ... a fantastic entp friend of mine has enlightened me on the ways he will strategically wage war on the female heart and mind . on a college girl it involved grand strategies ( time spent on befriending ... interesting . socionics alpha quadra . all four . i'm famous . maybe it's my recent raging hormones . maybe the moon is in the right phase . maybe it's my gay roommate who's secretly influencing me . maybe i've been really horny recently . whatever ... 1st girlfriend was an isfp . she is now my close girl friend . relationship highlights ( then ): - we sucked at logic . whoever had the better logic won . - boys and girls mature in different ways at ... i'm ending this tomfoolery . the depressed op is a teenage ( 18 ) boy who has a shrilly , high-pitched voice and can't decide if he wants to come out of the closet . this ' frustration ' is the reason why ... the t-rex 8D thing sounds way cooler . changing the past life . no , i've lived a pretty awesome , colorful life , so the answer has always been no to this question . but the strange thing is i do get ... murderer : you could see the guy / girl that's really stressed out and cooky . did you see pics of the guy who shot up the giffords lady ? talent : you could see how socially talented a person is by ... i noticed i have a short attention span . if i had sex with the new girl much of the ill-will emotions from the ex would / should have already passed . i definitely still would have quality feelings for ... that's actually kinda alright and ' cute ' . but still really flamer-ish . your nickname will be flameboy . are you of the type that comes out of closets ? infp males are the depressing ones and are pretty obvious about it in their appearances and posts ( pleading guilty ) here ... in a crowd we're awesome . alone , i'm not really ever depressed . i'm ... kudos for growing confidence balls . i don't think it's possible to have a good platonic friendship . isfps like to bond on a personal level . we don't enjoy impersonal relationships strictly via the ... how if you practice this mbti / socionics voodoo long enough you can start identifying people relatively fast . but it requires you to look at static traits ( via pictures ) and dynamic traits ( movements , ... i's agree it has some effect . i've always had this loose thought that strong christian ethics in america is actually the cause of frustrated pedophiles , rapes , etc . in other cultures , this is not the ... you're a confusing lesbian , yes . - i like dead baby jokes . - 2girls1cup.com made me laugh hard . - i laugh when movies based on real life events have interesting , action-murder scenes . - the ... i can kind of relate . does anyone here ever feel drained after a long day ? not only tired physically , but emotionally ? i consider myself a very kind person . i want to help people and understand ... yes . yes ! thank you , so f * * * ing much ! i'd add to this by suggesting to read thoroughly many type descriptions and poster comments to see how you relate . you will find your type this way .  ... wow . you're black but your head structure's the same . similar brows , cheeks . i'm of the belief there is a correlation between looks and type . istj women : are not women . infp guys : melancholic . intp guys : unfixable losers . estj women ( never befriended a male ): workaholic nature makes them not sexy . enfj women : sensitive . can be secretly ... i'm confused . are you making a case against what i said ? or just being randomly philosophical ? my policy of understanding is moving on and has the added benefit of practical experience . what the hell , man ? i'm a guy . how is your joke funny ? wait . forgiveness is stupid . i choose to understand . i'll spend quite a while and a lot of effort to understand . this way i'll not really need to hold a useless grudge . i also learn from the conflict ... enfps are fun . i have a casual relationship with one right now . but the longterm forecast shows a no go . # 1,4 out of 5 are isfp . i'm the oldest . denied . not a guilt trip fan . the only time it's ever used is during fights . even then it's annoying cause you have to pull back from memory instances you could use to force guilt . some days i like eating fruits , yogurt and nuts only . it leaves a fresh clean feeling . some days i love a fat steak , medium rare . it hits the gut just right . for quick occasions fast food hits ... are isfp less sexually permissive ? no . i'm dirty and have had a sick , twisted mind - at home ( in every room and on every furniture piece possible ) , religious places ( i will burn in hell ) , nature ... i will post in others if : - i hugely agree with what someone is saying . - or , no one has made an observation that i've seen / experienced . this may involve hate , awesomeness , relationships or ... good enough for me to agrees . for the timid ( ? ) guys ( i came up with this advice for my little brothers on good clothing ): people immediately judge you via two ways 1 . ) your looks 2 . ) the way you ... i love all women that are true to themselves . this usually excludes ugly women . they just don't develop well . appearance : - clothing style : if you can pull it off , you're fine . i prefer elegance ... i stare at myself nude in a 6 ' x4 ' mirror every morning . thanks for telling me why . holy mudafukin shit . i feel like i was at a aa meeting and gave way to the next speaker , that is clever waffle - - doctors say you can't have a beer with a little vicodin but what happens if you don't have any water to ... '