' brother : 76538 sister : 76539 mom : 76540 dad : i love you because you were among the first to welcome me here and offered nice , intellectually stimulating conversation . you're intelligent , kind , and what the heck ? - i love you just cuz . i've been in a sort of long-distance relationship since 2011 and he and i just recently met on the 10th of this month . we spent one ( incredible ) week together . now that he is back home , i am left ... marry me . fiona apple , mother mother , gorillaz , pink floyd . butts 4life thank you very much ! you are too sweet . :) 75159 poofy haired fool . i do this with just about everything . i can't say that it is an infp thing , though i will say that i have taken the nickname thing to a whole new level . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FDcTyyXQb8 even though we ain't got money , i'm so in love with you honey ... i'm actually pretty good about keeping up with stuff , but in the event that i do misplace something - i u200brage . absolutely . it is at times overwhelming , and i am left unable to do anything but smile like a fool . i would liken its intensity to a psychedelic experience . sometimes too profound an experience to be ... 1 . frustrated with all that is going on at home right now . the conflict is never ending . the children deserve some peace . 2 . lonely . missing a special someone . <3 wondering what he's up to , and ... i used to be very opposed to the use of violence , no matter the reason .  ... until one day i had just had enough of my father's drunken bullshit that i could think only of harming him , and acted on ... i used to spend a great deal of my time here . lately i've not given this site much attention , and i miss you guys . so many beautiful colors out there ... too indecisive to choose just one . i think i'm going to go with : all of them . i'm awful at rejecting anyone ... i have been called a ' tease ' , and i've been accused of leading others on because i am nice , and don't know how to say no . i also have a bad habit of returning to ... - infp - scorpio - pig - water what a combination . i could understand how one could come under the impression that i am indifferent , or do not care , but this is absolutely not the case . i am , more often than not , far more focused on the well-being ... i do , i do . i'm always singing . i used to be shy about it , but i've become more open about it as of late . i like it all ... sometimes it is one more than the other , but generally , i am accepting of and capable of attraction to people of all gender identities . 36045 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 cheer up , buttercup . oh man , where have i been ? i want in on this ... i am too empathetic for my own good . i've said before that it is as if i don't possess any feelings of my own , and that i just take on the general attitude of those around me . come and get it . well , i'm open minded . throw em at me . :) algebra is my favorite . i despise geometry , but that could have more to do with my dislike of the teacher i had . math is relatively simple , in my opinion . it isn't something i find ... i've recently lost my closest friend to a new significant other , and drugs . i've had quite a difficult time with the realization of this loss . we still talk , on occasion , but i am certain things ... i agree with this . i desire a lasting relationship more than most things . commitment does not scare me . in fact , it excites me . this . this ... what .. the hell ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhF1thmPeg right ! how can anyone listen to this ? yak . whoa whoa . it took me a minute to figure out what you were talking about . we look alike , ay ? i suppose i like my name . it isn't as unique as i'd like it to be , but i'm not complaining . if and when i have a child or children , i will be sure to give them / him / her something more creative . i ... he hadn't thought himself to be any particular type . he was not very familiar with mbti before i suggested he take a test . i thought he was an estp , but i suppose i was wrong . i would really want to have a child with my partner , but it would not be mandatory , especially if the desire to have a child wasn't mutual . there is a huge part of me that wants to be a mother , but ... strange . in my experience , i've attracted a great deal of intjs , which i thought to be odd . i was convinced that the fellow i'm currently pursuing was an estp , but he tested intj . i can't help ... i suck at looking normal and inconspicuous in a store . i'm constantly looking around , imagining that other people think that i'm stealing . i'm careful to remove my phone from my pocket , and even ... yes . in september of 2010 , i created a facebook account . this is going to sound ridiculous , but please bear with me : there was a fellow i lurked on regularly , in hopes that he would ... i love you for this . 34599 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 i was in this situation last weekend , with an entp , except it didn't go so well . damn you , cheap liquor . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Libs49a0k5w&ob=av2e http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts48QokyYao http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d9WBgPgnbI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4D1HSL7P98 why did i cry ? i could not agree more ... with every bit of this . i'm a scaredy cat . maybe when i get a new acoustic . :) it's not easy , my friend . i start each day with a breakfast of champions , and still , i struggle . i love to sing , and am in the midst of learning guitar . i'd like to someday get acquainted with the piano , but with my lack of motivation , who knows whether or not that will happen . i can air ... 34506meet this bitch . her name is slapchop . i hate animals . even little wookie here . pictures of the kitty cat to come ... 34426 i wish you were her ... was supposed to be here . '