' i have 3 speculations 1 . you don't have that much in common . friendship needs a base to start from , and that's typically a like interest . if he didn't get that from you , he ... i look at self discovery in terms of understanding myself in bits and pieces as a way to understand why if not necessarily how or what . i go on crazy tangents because i see the world as one ... soulbreath there's nothing wrong with wanting to understand a piece of a puzzle , how it fits , what it brings to the whole picture . i actually think having more pieces to work with makes it more ... a horoscope is purposefully vague so that anyone can project themselves into the description , and some personality type descriptions are the same way . without an insanely long questionnaire ( think ... there are different kinds of mental health professionals - a psychiatrist treats the physical aspect and would be more likely to prescribe medication . if that's not something you want , then a ... school if these thoughts are actively impairing your ability to focus and function , it may be something that needs therapy or medication to manage . you should talk to someone . this is not something ... a few things make kanye tough to type : 1 . stage persona - a performer in the spotlight and who they are when they're at home relaxing in their lounge-around clothes are often 2 very different ... boundaries are a necessary part of life , and a skill that takes practice . for your own sanity , you have to be able to separate your emotions from from other people and realize that disappointment ... that's good . :) i married one . the direct approach is usually best for dispelling negative energy , particularly if it's based on something unknown to you . ask him what's up and don't let him blow you off . make it clear that it's ... don't stress so much . get yourself to a place where you're happy being alone and if you meet someone , you meet someone . i believe that lust is a physiological addiction to another person . i do not believe that a long term relationship can be built only on a biological process . you have to have some common ground , ... starbuckskat love is the mutual desire for each others ' happiness and fulfillment . it's not about changing someone to fit a preconceived mold . it's about acceptance and support . love is when flaws ... going on the assumption that she is an enfp ... enfps like puzzles . if i had to guess , she's probably trying to figure you out . if you haven't outright snubbed her , she probably hasn't ... find fulfillment elsewhere for the time being while you keep your feelers out for a better career fit . satisfaction and mental stimulation are often intertwined , but you won't always find them in a ... it doesn't matter what * she * thinks about valentine's . the ambiguity of going out someone on that day is not something most females would risk with something they didn't really like - unless it was ... what i'm saying is , there is a better than average chance she's interested if you didn't specifically preface the date with just as friends or if you went just the two of you and not as a group ... so ... this valentine's date ... did you go hey let's go out as friends ? because that seems like a big clue that she's interested if not . i did everything but get that ribbon . http://i.imgur.com/27o1m.jpg?1 you're not ready for another relationship yet . that's okay . it's fine to take some time to heal , and you'll be more comfortable dating after you've done so . she was an important part of your life , ... fleetfoot 1 . keep communicating . treat her as normally as possible . you don't always have to discuss her health concerns - invite her to do something with you or just socialize . let her be the one ... i don't even need to take the quiz to know tactile > auditory > visual for me . i learn best by doing , then by listening to an explanation , and then by watching ... although often times , when i'm ... sjmobley at their most basic , instincts are survival strategies . sexual types attract or repel others as a sort of screening process for mates . social types seek protection and power from a ... ushirodaleo not a guy or an infp , but i might be able to help . :) it seems to me that the biggest problem here is communication . both of you have deep feelings and neither of you is very good at ... enfp protagonists are interesting because of how other characters relate to them . one of the more defining traits of an enfp hero is the ability to change people . the enfp is the dynamic force that ... have you spoken to them or hr about it ? when a boss takes credit for your work - forbes polls like this don't come from nowhere . let's hear the story . blama as long as she chooses to stay in that relationship , it's a moot point . that choice may be because she really loves him or because it's inconvenient to leave him , but it's still a choice . no ... riggly mbti is just how you take in and process information . who you are as an individual is a lot more complex than that . being an enfp doesn't mean every day is going to be sunshine , roses and ... when i was in high school , my sister became engaged to a guy she'd only known for a few months . the first time i met him , he put his arm around me and made a distinctively negging ... xd my mom is an estj , so sometimes i channel her . zeptometer is the only one i can think of that's been active in the past few months ... there were a couple more according to ... there is a girl who sat next to me in one of my college classes . brilliant girl , picked up the information crazy easy , but her tests did not reflect that . she would get 60s and 70s on every test , ... yea , but no place is fun if you're stressed out by a giant deadline sitting on you and you can't quite work up the will to just do it . a dedicated work space . create a space that is just for getting things done . nothing happens in this space except for work . no web surfing , no dawdling , no distractions . if you start to lose focus , ... neutral good something would have been overlooked , and something else would have been overdone . there would be about 60 different flavors of soda , but someone would have to run out and buy cups or ice . it's not universal and there are probably a million different reasons . why does anyone like anyone else ? common interests , like viewpoints on life , similar sense of humor , etc . everyone has a button , even intjs . for my intj husband it's road rage . for an intj i used to play video games with , it's drunkenness mixed with nerd rage . there's that one thing that ... rubber_duck_dude it sounds to me like you're understimulated . basically , you have a mind-numbingly boring job and your brain has checked out . fast food is not exactly a thrilling mental challenge .  ... dcba avoiding temptation means setting yourself up so you aren't in a situation to act on it . your brain does this thing where environment associates with addiction , which means that by being in a ... zelakon https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=McVXcWkezXA#t=90 zelakon this . this so much . as long as you cling to any hope that she'll change her mind , you're not moving on . you're putting your life on hold for a maybe that's already a no . two ... love happens . it's not on anyone's schedule and there's no planning for it . that said , you already have the proof that it's possible for you . there are approximately 2 million women in the uk between ... if you can date others while staying friends with her , then do so . if you can't , you need to cut contact until you are able to do so . as it stands , you're still waiting around for her to ... dcba you are selling real , complete happiness with someone who will return your feelings for partial happiness because it's comfortable , safe , and familiar . you're robbing yourself of a family , ... you're not crazy , you're addicted . love isn't logical . it doesn't wait for things to be convenient or easy or reciprocated . it sucks to be in that position . one thing does concern me ... type is like a piece of fruit . experience , environment , etc come along and chop it , mash it , put it in a crust or a cup , and you end up with pies , juice , sauce , and everything else you could possibly ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zpf8H_Dd40 it's body language and controlling the self-image you project . gauging a social situation and adapting accordingly is not intuitive or natural for ... the definition of personality is traits that are consistent and stable throughout life , but people grow and develop over time . think of personality as a plant . it starts out as a seed , grows into a ... '