' i have almost no self confidence . i feel like it's almost impossible for me to change , when i still don't know anything ; about me or how the world works . hm , maybe it's still something i need to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghb6eDopW8I that really made me think , phillip . thanks so much ! sometimes i wish i was an empty room , with no emotions to feel . sometimes i just wish i felt nothing at all ... this time would be those sometimes . i have a hard time making friends , showing myself when i shouldn't be , and never re correcting my mistakes . i have a hard time being interesting , trying to be busy , and using my determination i ... why am i intimidated by everyone , including my own mother ? everyone in my family has such strong views though .. i feel like i'm not really heard . and why do i keep making the same mistakes over and ... 1 ) i used to prefer fiction over non-fiction , but recently , i feel like that has changed and that now i don't prefer either . 2 ) i have a bad habit of judging the book by the cover , so .. i feel ... wait , this just described my last year perfectly ... when i was still in high school , i was the total drifter among all the social groups . to some of the shy-er people i talked to in different ... music is amaaazing . :D i love it so much . just drowning myself in the melody of it or the meaningful lyrics of a particularly good song . listening to lifehouse right now is giving me such happy ... * when you have to try twice as hard to be half as extroverted at times . * when you cry yourself to sleep one night , but not because you feel sad , but because you feel extreme sympathy for ... your dream perspective sounds so interesting ! i wish i wasn't just me in my dreams ... i dreamed once that i was in a wheelchair , in a random high school i had never seen before in real life . i was ... i really like this idea ! :) include me too ! that's actually exactly how i feel right now . exactly . today i've had sooo many negative thoughts going through my head , about all of the above emotions you described . i know the feeling , so so ... i feel like no one truly cares about me except my family and my boyfriend . there . i said it . i don't truly believe it , but just tonight ... i just feel really really lonely and there's no one ... haha , ummm ... anywhere public i have social anxiety really . anywhere . it does get loads better when i'm there with good friends though , to take the pressure off ... being alone in public ? feeling ... i don't know what to do right now and i have no clue where i am . my soul is bright , golden sunlight accompanied with the greatest feeling of peace , love , and happiness . :) for most if not all of my entire life , i have been extremely passive . passive to the point where most of my grades suffered in high school because i didn't push myself enough into doing the work , i ... porridge , porridge i get to have tomorrow ! porridge is also just oats and milk mixed together in a cooked yummyyy mix , but why does it taste so good ? especially with butter and sugar ... wheeen you have to do something to hurt someone , but it's one of those situations when it's the right thing to do , but you still feel bad bad bad bad about it , an icky feeling that won't go away , ... * i honestly do love how much i am interested in other people ; i always care about people's opinions , always . im also always glancing at strangers in public , and so on .. * i love the fact that i ... i feel like i can sort of relate to you , because i've also felt like this before at a really bad point in my life . the way i got out of that particular rut was by reaching out to people . which is ... my mom is a isfp ( which a lot of people don't get , because while being an introvert , my mom does talk a lot and can be incredibly social , but i can really see how she's introverted as well .. and she ... my first break-up ever , he realized he was homosexual ( he was originally bisexual ) and he basically told me this all in one go and it was over like that . :p i've always hated the fact he gave me no ... things which have recently made life beautiful for me : * the person i love . every single day , no matter what i might be feeling , he makes my life beautiful . :) * the sun shining outside right now ... dear beloved infp , you mirror me so much ! maybe that's part of the reason i love you so much ? no , maybe that's not it . i think it's because i've seen someone with a truly true soul of golden , ... i thought this was just me ! ! really cool with being able to relate about this ! ! :) i know two infps . one of them is very closed to the world in a way . she's very catholic , and proud in a way of her religion . she's also sad generally though ; life has trampled on her a lot . she's ... this is so true for me too . i always have to get at least a few opinions on a decision i've made and whether it's a ' good ' one or just nonsensical . plus , i always have to make sure my opinions are ... ignorance would be bliss , but i feel like life wouldn't have any meaning if all the pain was just not known or felt . there's a reason for all the bad dips everyone has in life . to make you stronger ... when you try typing some examples of things , then end up holding down the backspace because you're afraid they wouldn't resonate with anyone that well . when you think about love all the time . :) i relate to this lyrics so well . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyPETpq59D8&feature=related anything from just being an public place to asking someone directions can really , really get me . i just can't do a lot of seemingly normal things without feeling scared , nervous ( god i get nervous ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XWcXTweHd8 nothing stays the same . such a cheesy saying , yet it holds so much meaning . cherishing the little things is ever so important now . however , with so much changing before our eyes , is it even worth ... what do you consider a successful life ? i think someone's life is successful when they themselves are content and satisfied with the way their life has been run by the decisions they have made . is ... my birthday is tomorrow , i feel indifferent . :) just before i fall asleep ( it's really weird ) , i experience motion . as in , i really feel as if i'm moving really fast . sometimes , it's swinging really fast back and fro in a hammock . others i feel ... i'm dutch ! i grew up in the us though , and i don't really speak the language that well ... i've been there loads of times though , and i have a dutch passport ! i'm planning to spend my gap year there ... first of all , i would not stay with someone i don't feel comfortable with . trust and communication are the ultimate things i need in a relationship . i would honestly feel like i couldn't stay with ... around those i don't consider friends , i act the stereotypical infp ; shy , timid , and soft-spoken . but also nice , kind , and sincere . i've acted like this even around friends sometimes for awhile . just ... i would feel remorse for anyone if they did die , i'm admitting it . it just depends on the level of it . infp-ness showing when .. * you feel like you're on fire , and then the next second you feel like you have been encrusted in ice . * when you are frustrated at your mind for being stuck inside a ... rbgj : i believe that in order to be with someone else , it's a whole lot better if you have self-confidence in yourself . i've had experience with this , and it always seems to be something that hinders ... i took a loong , very nice shower . it feels so good ! person uno : okay then , i suppose the nice act is over ? well , for whatever reason , it faded . what could i have possibly done for you to treat me like this ? you don't understand how some of your ... talk to me . for once this whole year , talk to me . do you think it was ever easy for me to do at first ? i've gotten over my hurdle already ; it's time you should face yours . i'm not going to be the one ... the way you touch me ... : 3 passion . it lies in all of us . sleeping ... waiting ... and though unwanted ... unbidden ... it will stir ... open its jaws , and howl . it speaks to us ... guides us . passion rules us all . and we obey . what ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE7DOmhEYOE '