' hung out with an infj . multiple bars . drove her home . stumbling . nearly had to carry her home . then she threw up . three times . i've only had one other infj throw up on me more than twice ... it somewhat sounds like you're in an emotionally abusive relationship with your boyfriend , especially considering how these dissociative states are elicited in response to a specific series of ... i have two infp friends who are both in relationships . i noticed something interesting though . their relationships look fine on the outside , but i noticed a tendency of theirs towards making ... i believe the best way to approach a stranger is to come into the conversation with little to no expectation of the final outcome . that way you free yourself from thinking too much about all the ... be careful . your attempts to impress her with your yearning desire for a relationship may potentially backfire . i mean you haven't told us anything about said potential girl . has she expressed ... eating food sometimes is a chore , especially eating the right foods . if you could produce a synthetic food that was capable of meeting the usual recommended daily value of vitamins , fiber , protein , ... i believe my addiction stemmed from a need to repress uncontrollable and recurrent thoughts : persistent mentalemotionalphysical pain , lost loved ones , and daily immutable obstacles that can make ... i think i lie to myself more than to other people . i like how my computer reflects my room and closest . stuff filled with more stuff . i have boxes stuffed within bigger boxes just like i have folders hiding within other folders . sometimes it's like a ... it sounds like she thinks she's figured you out . that you are playing a game of resistance with her and her objective has turned to a role of teasing you out of your shell . she probably sees that you ... i believe i understand now . most of the infjs seem to be divided into groups of being either completely aware or completely clueless . my friend uses a term going with the flow to describe her ... i noticed that quite a few of the infjs that i know have many friends and acquaintances that want to date them . i'm uncertain if they're aware of this occurrence , or even if this is simply an anomaly ... i was listening to npr . say you had a 5050 chance of inheriting a debilitating condition like huntington's disease , with effects that would emerge and become more debilitating much further on in ... i stumbled across an enneagram description of the type the most correlates with the entp in my opinion . there was a segment in the bottom that appeared to sum up some of the problems i was ... i feel that to be friends with either and istj or an estj is very doable , however to enter a relationship with one can be a completely different affair . suddenly there are expectations and ... well recognizing that you have a potential problem is a start . now that you've identified the issues you can now construct reasonable solutions towards fixing them . i noticed for me , talking to ... talking out loud helps me a bit . having a conversation about the topic with another person who understands it and can clarify topics or lead me is far better . i realized before i used to just ... i feel that cheating is akin to smoking tobacco and drinking alcohol : initially the act is very uncomfortable to perform but once started it becomes easy , almost second nature , and can prove very ... grief to me is like rain , it pours freely upon the land or within the city , and like rain it possesses a tremendous capacity for havoc and destruction . but once the rain ceases to pour , the floods ... i'm about to go in for my haircut this week , around the same length . gotta keep things stylin ! how much do you guys pay for your haircuts ? i visit this hole-in-the-wall asian barber . guy is ... i usually find that some of the hardest people to read are those who aren't really hiding anything . kinda ironic , huh ? : tongue : practices that are normally used to inflame the desire and emotional infatuation in the hearts of others . like for example , disappearing for a week or two and reappearing with little explanation , or ... to my great surprise , one of my infj friends recently door slammed an old love interest . i couldn't really figure out why , as the two of them seemed to bring the best out of each other , and i'd ... double post , sorry ! if i get this right , it sounds like you're saying that you've explored all the potential of the bag to their finest detail , yet still can't make sense of what the bag represents or why the bag could ... lol i sometimes do the same thing , it's like slip on shoes except for pants . i have six pairs of the same t-shirt only in two different colors . i generally only wear those shirts with jeans on a daily basis . i shop for new clothes maybe 3-4 times a year . people have ... deleted my post . figured it was unnecessary . the video is private so i couldn't watch it . i thought the joke would've ended along the lines of how they started talking and everyone else inside the bar who didn't have a well developed intuition ... anytime ! just let us know how it turned out ! :p roud : i also don't think he would be devoting so much of his time and energy with you if he thought you were dumb . you should give yourself more credit . lol i know it might sound a bit cheezy , but as ... currently all of my best friends are those i once considered acquaintances . if i had never sought them out and allowed myself to become vulnerable around them , i would never have discovered how ... yeah , i get that feeling too . i know something is wrong , but i can't quite identify what it is that bothers me . i just know i have to watch said person or leave immediately . i always find it ... if he doesn't know about your newfound single status , he most likely won't make a move . i wouldn't , because i'd be too afraid of jeopardizing the relationship . i imagine if that piece of information ... i am a reasonable judge of character . i can pretty much size up most individuals after a few conversations . usually my preliminary assessments just require a bit of tweaking . however , i'm ... i understand your desire to open up and share with us . i believe the purpose of most threads , though , is to invite others to share their input and opinions on the matter in question as well . i ... i think i was in a situation somewhat like this , being trapped in a massive bureaucratic cog machine mismanaged by inefficient and rigid overseers . have you tried reaching out to other people within ... have any of you every fantasized about your death ? the situation doesn't have to be tethered by reality . it could be something birthed entirely from the imagination . it could be something simple like ... why don't you present us more information about your life ? give us more to work with . are you attending school , do you live at home , is your relationship with your family dysfunctional , etc ? if we ... i believe what you've typed to be mostly true . i'm generally hesitant to give advise to people unless i understand the nature of their problem . considerable dialogue is usually established ( night ... i go behind their backs and make shit better without them ever realizing it . then when they're scratching their heads wondering why efficiency has improved and sales are up , they get promoted and ... oh ! the venture brothers ! i value competent companionship . i feel that a vast majority of my problems are already resolved when in the company of cherished friends . it depends on the person . i do care if the person is the current object of my desireobsession . i care a lot , such levels of care nearly bordering on the obscene . not so much for everyone else ... lol i stumble across these all the time on my computer . it's like jumping down the rabbit hole or unearthing a time capsule from a particular segment of your life . : laughing : i only bookmark stuff for reading when i need to start purging ( like i'm about to be late for an appointment , or it's like 5 a . m . in the morning , where the hell did the sun go ? when did i buy a time ... i only troll people who deserve to be trolled . people who blatently act like pompous dicks or complete know-it all's . i try to treat people online with the same dignity and respect as if they were in ... when you realize that you have over 30 tabs opened in your internet browser even though you've barely started reading through the first tab , because you're utterly fascinated by a paragraph located ... i can get along with practically any type of personality . i just can't live with or spend extensive amounts of time with most of them . people i love , i can spend all day with them . people i dislike ... star trek : the next generation , seasons 3-7 house m . d . , i didn't like the first and last season . pawn stars '