' actually , that explains why i have always felt so unique ( and lonely , misunderstood , etc . ) . well , i know i'm an ambivert when i express my thoughts publicly , then feel afraid that i've gone too damned far and shrink back for a while until i feel safe enough to venture out and speak my mind ... when i last tested myself , the difference between my being an enfp and an infp was practically 50/50 . ( i think it was more 52/48 . ) it all depends on how i feel , but there are times when i am more ... now i feel less guilty about daydreaming . what i love to daydream about is having a secret love with whom i share a psychic connection . we never get to meet , but we share this incredible romance ... have you thought of writing a book based on what you know ? there are many publishers hungry for personal training books , and the market for this genre of non-fiction continues to be promising . this ... my problem with this is that even though i am rather disorganized , i am quite conscientious in other ways that have nothing to do with whether or not my desk is a mess . in any case , since the mbti ... i am finishing up my research portfolio project for one of my organizational leadership classes in which i recommend the use of the mbti ® for the assessment of management candidates , and i had to ... that's why i think everyone should learn more than two second languages . they do this right in most of the world , but here in the us it gets way too parochial for my tastes . i can't stand the ... in my life , it matters not if i'm compatible with someone else . i always find some way to mess it up by being too damned real . : crazy : two things make me happy : loving someone and having that someone love me . lacking that , i lack everything good . sometimes , i wish they didn't . : sad : stalking of any kind is creepy to me , and yet i get drawn to guys almost to the point of stalking . but then i am revulsed by my thoughts and pull back to the point of blocking the object of my ... i'm too damned lonely to want to tell the world to leave me alone . well , that explains so much about infjs ... : crazy : sounds like some guy i dated in dallas in the mid - 80s . :d ry : so i'm wrong about you and you're wrong about me . i'm willing to leave it at that . ( not a sarcastic statement , but a genuine one . ) the audio and video quality of this one sucks , and my voice i find to be rather grating , but keep in mind that this was the first time i ever really performed this song . it's an original and ... the trait i have that i hate the most is a tendency to be emotionally passive-aggressive , and i also can't stand it in anyone else . i think i hit rock bottom in that regard the time i threatened ... agreed . besides , there is a major difference between narcissistic personality disorder and the cultural narcissism we seem to be caught up in . anyway , i would have thought that a narcissist would be ... well , it's been at least a couple of centuries since french was the international language of business , arts and letters . right now , i'd stick with spanish . i sure wish i had . then , i'd be able to ... i say that anyone who is self-concerned to the point of excluding others from being part of their lives is a narcissist . at first i was a bit concerned by the thread title because to me it sounded like being concerned about physical appearance . i think this is more about how we present ourselves to others , the masks ... i never thought about that : admitting a flaw makes me shallow . i'll have to remember that one next time . secure people don't focus so much on themselves . being an insecure person , i know this all too well . i think there is some confusion here ( not in my mind ) about the term narcissist . i am not referring to the dsm-iv classification of narcissistic personality disorder . that is a clinical ... thanks , but i'm a bit long in the tooth to revert to my f-you stage . i nearly died as a small child from not being held and cared for , and since my paternal grandmother was responsible for kicking my non-abusive mom out of my life , she could only overcome this toxic ... the impossible dream lyrics : there seems to be more songs in that video above , but the whole theme of man of lamancha is steeped in enfp personality traits . it sounds a lot like the set-up for a self-fulfilling prophecy to me . the op was in effect saying , i'm going to tell you that i care but in the most passive-aggressive way i can so i can prove to ... there is only one thing for me to do , then ... stop being attracted to intjs . : tongue : thanks everyone for saying hi to me . it may take me a bit of time to get my feet accustomed to this area , but i'm sure i'll end up justifying everyone else's stereotypes about enfps . : wink : in my life , i've heard every one of these , many of them from so-called loved ones . that is , except for the too feminine part ... in my case , i'm way too masculine according to some people .  ... that everything i say can be and is used against me in my everyday life . i see very little difference between the two . i'll have to go by the dictionary to back up this perception as those words do mean something similar . from merriam-webster ... they may ... i know it's getting late and stuff , but i just wanted to say hi and let you know that i am just looking for a little truth , light and love . don't know how to find it , cause i'm lost . i think it can be summed up in one term : narcissist . that has been my experience dealing with at least ( if not more than ) a couple of intjs . please correct me if i'm wrong . i wish i could find someone who knew the meaning of compassion . you just made me cry . that is exactly what i want , too . but he's just too much of a narcissistic jerk to give a crap about me . well , i hear you on that one . even if all he wants to be is buds , the point is that 1 ) it is way too soon in the employment experience for this type of situation and 2 ) i'm sure he's done this so ... it may work well for you , but it is utterly devastating to the other party . you may want to re-think your m . o . if you really want to find ( for lack of a better word ) love . i can only speak from my own personal experience . while i really hate carrying grudges around , i find such a situation as you describe to be a complete and total trust-killer . if anyone did that to ... '