' this site is epic ! thanks for sharing . a e s t h e t i c oh , so here's something i found interesting ... when i clicked france in the 1980s the first song i got was called narcissique by caroline ... lyrics i'm not a menace to society , god * tinmad * , society's a menace to me on your honor , no looking up songs . you can guess any for any lyrics posted in a previous post . the original poster can only answer when someone guesses or identifies the song correctly . your ... still worth . ask ! :P i would definitely say it's worth the relatively small amount of money . there's a lot of information there and good new ways to think of the question . if money is an issue for you , pm me and i will ... elfish novel stern . white this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VZXvwv0pMo anyone think this sounds a bit similar to om namo bhagavate by the desert dwellers ? damn , that's a lot of self-honesty . i can appreciate your thinking , nom.nom.nom . btw , nice avatar . and on the topic of this thread ... if he means this much to you , perhaps write him a very ... it's interesting that you note those characteristics in the philosophy and general manner of wang yang-ming . you mentioned that he often tried to reframe the question at hand by suggesting a ... ooh ! ! ! you know wang yang-ming ! nice . knowledge is action . i think you have a good hypothesis . what is your reasoning ? steep ricket absolutely love both . sunbathing is one of the best physical feelings i've experienced , and i've tried my fair share of substances ... but rain , or any precipitation , is just so peaceful . much ... i've gone back and forth between infj and infp for years but since learning about mbti i have felt that i was an infp . just some darn test results suggesting i was an infj had me confused . i ... that was my suspicion as well but i also think we don't commonly talk about ridges so it might be the ideal time to think of a winding road . would you be open to giving it a try if he were the one to express interest ? if you can see yourself at peace with the friendship then i say keep to your current trajectory . no need for unnecessary ... just gonna say that i love discussing taoism . as an infp , i always felt that the taoists were true to their hearts and so perhaps the ancient masters were infps . but recently i realized that the ... true , i feel you . but infps ought to follow their hearts . what if he likes you too ? thanks for the warm welcome , everyone . i wonder why people tend to think of it as win-dee more . dear infj , i admire your stoic ever-deepening commitment to your passion and your natural ability to flow with the moment like a lazy river . sincerely yours , infp hi arlecchino , welcome to perc ! :) just joined too . it's pretty nice to have a forum rooted in typology . one of my best friends is italian . well , he's half italian , half german , and was born in ... if this is your first post , i find it an interesting introduction as well ! : eagerness : it's pretty crazy to think of all the paths people can be walking leading to a single convergent meeting . is ... hi melainafear , nice to meet you . : welcoming : it's possible she's just slow to open up . she is probably a deep person but was caught off guard . maybe she felt like you were expecting her to ... hi megmento , nice to meet you . : joyous : why won't you confess your feelings to the intj ? btw i'm an infp too . lol welcome dude . i'm new as well . won't take you up on your username's request though . hope that won't come between us . : kiwi-fruit : not quite as epic of a question as some of the zen koans i've heard but still ... imagine that you live on a street called windy ridge way . when you tell your friends the name of the street you live ... '