' when someone asks if they can kiss you ... and then you are caught like a deer in the headlights because your minds starts thinking of all the possible consequences of kissing this person . and ... when someone asks you out on a date and you just say shit . all the time . i always feel as if i am about to burst . i also loose interest in conversations and my mind starts to wonder if they take forever . of course i feel incredibly rude after ! so this might just be me , but i don't think i have ever been connected on the same intellectual level with anyone . i am not saying i am smarter than anyone , just that my interests and a certain depth ... just wanted to say i love your i am already disturbed , please come in ... picture ! norsecat i would ask him to explain himself while having a calm discussion . ya know , innocent until proven guilty . once i heard his side , i would make him feel guilty , if he wasn't already . then i would dump ... i love the education aspect , just not all the prestige and regulations that goes along with attending a university . ( also if you are in the u . s . , at mostly any university , wanting to learn and get a ... i suppose an example might be when a close friend of mine told me that i made him feel stupid . i replied that i was just being honest and that he may have a better memory than i , but had better ... half right ! intp . isfp ? i could decide between http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbJuEFs7-kU and calculus ... trig ... sports ( literally everything about sports ) ... some shows ... some bands ... you know , normal small talk topics ... i am pro assisted suicide , or aid in dying . check it out ... https://www.compassionandchoices.org/who-we-are/about/ someone invited me to a halloween party ... i said that i couldn't because i was going out with a friend instead . in reality i'm sitting in my living room doing my homework early . * rebel rebel * this would be a typical fall outfit 221218 yes . i took all the tests i could find before i accepted that intp was the closest of the 16 personalities to describe me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0c71kfuVfU i always feel like i am many different things at once . boring = exciting , happy = sad , relaxed = anxious . yes . people say i create a lot of shock value . sometimes i realize i've insulted people unintentionally , sometimes i don't . when i don't people tend to call me a bitch , but i really do mean the best ... when someone tells you that if you were an animal , you'd be a cat . - math is not my favorite subject - i am very hygienic - i dress nicely - school makes me want to keel over and die - instead of being tucked up in my room i actually like to go out and breath ... i tried to comfort a sad person today . i said that they should go take a break and hang out with a friend . if they have any friends . i told them to smile and then walked away . it wasn't until i was ... i'm the connector of groups . i don't know why . http://i.imgur.com/OPBMxZ6.gif i'm pretty obsessed with everything you said . human emotions interest me and i find it easy to put myself in other peoples shoes , but i don't go out of my way to do it . i like to understand why ... nothing is ordinary . ordinary is just the perception of societal norms working on cue . underneath the the outer layer of ordinary , the core is more intricate and complex than how the exterior ... i suspect that people are lying to me basically all the time . it's kind of like innocent until proven guilty , but vice versa :P if someone is lying to me because they are trying to make an ... i have had friends describe my style as : hipster , hippy , down to earth , comfortable , pixie like , and even that i can dress like a slut without looking like one . i've also been told that i could wear ... last weekend apparently i looked really attractive so literally everywhere i went i was getting hit on or complimented . i'm not even kidding . at least 40 people did this . i know , it sounds like i'm ... ... you have a paper due in the morning and you haven't even started it , although the topic is actually interesting . my gosh i thought i was the only one . i know some people who are actually convinced that i've killed someone . i guess i just have black humor or something , but apparently i actually scare some ... 1 ) how would you classify your drinking habits ? socially ? glass of wine with dinner ? total alcoholic ? abstainer etc . alcohol will make me talk to people , so socially , or more often pre-social ... i was intrigued , but now it's verging on creepy ... i'll keep you updated if you want ! haha oh man i don't know what to do ... i tend to favor all villians , as long as they are interesting . to pick one , i would have to say moriarty from sherlock . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC7CvZFgFu0 ... i know everyone hates coldplay , but i think most of their songs are beautiful , and easy to connect to . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY9b6jgbNyc someone is verging on stalking me , and i'm flattered , intrigued and scared at the same time . 99938 here's an outline of me hiding myself . that's the best your gonna get :) of course . doesn't everyone ? coffee shop . the woods . anywhere nature like . sitting outside on a bench . in a corner . lying in the grass . occasionally a nice book store , not one of those crappy smelly ones . weird little antiquey ... my whole family think's psychiatrists are stupid , so i've never seen one . i have bad anxiety ... my mom blames it on the coffee , even though i've stopped drinking it . so no . it's not the coffee . ... haha oh boy and you were only trying to be understanding . - there was this hot guy me and a friend were talking to at a party . she was flirting with him , i wasn't , he teased me so i poured my ... 1 . outgoing , reserved 2 . talkative , contemplative 3 . sociable , solitary 4 . theoretical , realistic , philanthropic , idealistic 5 . creative , curious , nurturing , pragmatic 6 . intellectual , ... oh . my . gosh . thank you so much . i have been studying for the way to many midterms i have tomorrow and it's now late at night and not even half of what i planned to do is done . but you know what , i ... i don't like him . kick him to the curb . that is so emotionally abusive and you can do better . if he can not recognize what he is doing wrong and thinks he does everything right it wont be healthy . my ... when you are homework - phobic yet you still get good grades . except this doesn't make you happy because while grades matter , actually doing the homework would make you feel a lot better about ... when people apologize to me i will say okay . with the exception of one friend i have who has low self esteem that says sorry way tooo much , where i will always go on a rant about how she did ... when you realize you're on the deans list but don't feel any sense of accomplishment . fox is total crap . and an ex , gay cia agent and an ex mossad person makes me like cnn even better . diversity , i like it ! also , i hate stereotyping . everyone does it at some point or another , but ... my mum is an exceptional person , and cares a lot about me and my sibling having an exciting life , however she's had a hard life and it makes her a bit cray cray sometimes . she's seriously the best ... everyone is biased no matter what their type , because we all have different views and opinions , but intps , or at least myself tend to weigh all options before making a confirmation . perhaps because ... effy from skins http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lvh46dfw9j1r30a7fo1_500.gif like , a lot . http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/148000/Skins-GIFS-skins-14821765-400-225.gif '