' momento mori . i often make the mistake of watching in the mood for love after a night of drinking and if i had 2046 on dvd i'd also foolishly watch that right after . hell anything by wong kar wai after a ... i'm pretty sure the full weight hasn't hit me just yet , i need a nice warm hug and i apologize in advance for the mucus and tears i will be leaving on your shoulder . whoa ! this thread is still here . why the hell did i think it was a good idea to fall in love after seven years of being single ? and long distance to boot . why do you women have to be so pretty ? hi guys didn't want to clutter up the front with more relationship advice so i'll just ask in here . first off i've been single for the last seven years , dated maybe twice . really enjoyed it the last ... how's everyone doing ? another late night i drink , you drink , we all drink lets call it a night a boy can dream , well ... with more facial hair . http://www.topnews.in/light/files/Bruce-Lee.jpg i know , i was just playing with you . ^ ^ well then pardon my ignorance . i like this , http://i932.photobucket.com/albums/ad167/otomayim/IMG_2260.jpg http://i932.photobucket.com/albums/ad167/otomayim/IMG_1627.jpg ... what does collectivism mean to you ? the idea that we all share the same feelings , thoughts . we think differently , we feel differently but the conclusion is the same . the end result is , will be ... thank you spook and female_infj . little chief , nostalgia ? or is it more then just a passive recollection ? hi guys , been away ( here in spirit ) for awhile . i see some of you guys are religious and some of us are not . for the guys that don't consider themselves apart of a establish religion but consider ... hmm ... i .. think that my family is the cause of my emotional instability . i'm able to shut off other peoples emotional influences but not my families . this wouldn't be a problem but it's all negative , ... yeah , hopefully it's not to smoggy . may is the begining of the rainy season so hopefully that helps . i just really wanted to rub elbows with 20 + million people , thats just an absurd amount of people ... i'll be in mexico from the second week of may until the first week of june . i'm excited . what are you planning to do in israel ? sounds interesting . ^ ^ my bookmark is the picture of my cousin's daughter.the cutest most mischievous little girl i know . ^ ^ ah , i pretty much work online but i'm required to be in a office , this office . hmm top gear in bolivia ? what is jeremy crying about now and what could they be testing in bolivia ? which ... does he remind you of you ? : tongue : my boss is gone until monday , work is slow is an understatement . anyone wanna talk about nothing ? i promise it'll be worth your time . i love basketball and fight sports . basketball can be extemely involving , checking and remembering stats , changing style of play depending on number of fouls , managing clock , controlling tempo . i ... ^ ^ was that the 20 reasons why men are single thread ? if not can you link it . and lol at you being pissed ( not laughing at you personally , just picturing you throwing your hands up and screaming fuck ! ... i thought a friend of mine was gay but one day he told me he was dating again , that the last time he had a serious relationship was in highschool ; his first girlfriend . mind blown . bored out of my freakin ' mind at work . i'm hungary . anyone ever been to mexico city d . f ? i'll be there in may , not sure of what to check out . i appreciate the effort teabiscits and flattered that you think the way you do about infj's . i see the point you're trying to make and don't really want to add to the discussion of che's methods but ... zalithian i can't even begin to grasp what you're going thru . i think curitaderana is on to something , the change of scene . maybe try to meditate outside . the only thing i can do is send you some ... hmm , how did i miss this post ? zalithian is it physical , mental ? have you tried working out ? yoga , a martial art , jogging ? ^ ^ sorry seeker , if you look at spook's quote i have you as a her . looks like i'm going to have to get the other half of the monocle afterall . this happens to me often , in my case there might be a outside source draining me of my sweet sweet nectar . shhh ... don't tell him the sky changes color at night . i just wanted a place to post our ramblings for the day . any topic that doesn't need it's own thread can come here . alot of the topics require too much introspection for me too answer and i'm usually ... just me may i call upon you during the zombie apocalypse ? manly for me is just being myself , cliche i know but there's no need to overthink this . laugh , cry , sing , dance , fight , love , we ( as men , not ... i don't know your situation besides what you're willing to share and going off the information i have , you need to get your head out of your ass . you know whats right for her ? she doesn't know ... more info on the pvc loom please . i've read up to the half of page 2 , my n is going crazy so i have to stop for now . i'm introspecting after every sentence , at this rate i'll never finish it . thank you for sharing this , brings ... i do muay thai / kick boxing . i would love to get into yoga , i must admit it would be purely for physical strength tho . it depends on which side or version your getting or interacting with . now disregarding the fact that we're all individuals with are own world views , i can comfortably say you're me minus the ... i'm the kindest , thoughtful , most polite , considerate asshole you'll ever meet . not sure if these have been recommended yet , . in the mood for love - maggie chung , gorgeous . tony leung , man crush . . 2046 - follows in the mood for love . blue gold - documentary on water . the ... hmm ... i've been single for 3 + years now . it's quiet , i'm usually content . i wouldn't mind dating but i don't have any prospects ... this about sums it up for me , find yourself before you lose ... infj women usually go for nt's , right ? one friend dates an nt , the other females i know are single , i think . i'm usually attracted to e's and have been in a relationship with what i believe to ... you know , i rarely read the long post in this forum and it seems alot of the post are long . am i missing out ? infj women are interesting . i have one i consider a sister , another one i would like to know intimately . it is a case by case basses . honestly i'd love to meet a enfj woman , i have a weakness for ... ahh ... i have no problem being aggresive , just offend me . i grew up in a urban area and had to adjust . most of the people i know are extroverted and sensors . i had to adapt to my surroundings , imagine ... actually becoming a ski instructor isn't a bad idea . one more for gemini . i'll play , http://i46.tinypic.com/2yjo40i.jpg working , kind of . we're of the same type but we're not the same person : tongue : i do have a weak j . ^ ^ ^ hmm ... well for me it has to do with personal space and this is more for strangers than people i know and love . ^ ^ and to add to that , touchy-feely is creepy . l '