' i only get angry if i'm disrespected . the only coaching i've ever received from my personnel committee is that i need to watch my face , meaning my irritation or frustration ( which sensitive ... yes i'm a 4 . secondary 1 or maybe 3 . it helps to understand why i'd make a friend , try to dress like them and then hate it and look terrible . i hate layers , i have jewelry that moves a lot , ... perfect flirts , yes . but there are times when they're not just messing around . they will let you know verbally or otherwise when it is not just a game . the vibe is different . yes fun , yes ... it sounds like this is not an issue with this particular person anymore because you no longer work there ? i have a similar entp intriguing ongoing interaction , but mine hasn't crossed the legal ... i'm just visiting because i'm obsessed with entps , but one thought may be that she's enjoying the fact that you're dating while it's new and exciting and now that there are other options , talking ... i will clarify i did not mean this as a manipulative test . i am sort of an old-fashioned gal and i have seen to many relationships where the dynamics just get super weird when women are the sole ... search carol tuttle . like i said i don't think i'm usually the kind of person who would ascribe to this kind of philosophy but i do really like it . my last position i ended up with an entire staff full of istjs and isfjs . it was daily torture . this is so true . i always joke that i only have two times that i want to do something ( or have something done if i'm supervising ) . now or whenever ... i was a costume designer for ten years and i really do believe that how you present yourself can frame how people perceive you , so i do like to dress a certain way . the last couple years i've ... certain types of people do not like me at all . i'm ok with that . some are drawn to me . observations : enxps love me . they find my quirky off beat sense of humor and willingness to set them ... i'm either super motivated or super lazy . i usually just wait for my creative streak to hit and all of a sudden i'll want to do about 400 projects simultaneously . at work i create systems to ... i think every best friend i've ever had ( mostly enfps ) did exactly this . 1 - i think it's concerning that he's uncomfortable with you saying you miss him or express your emotions . personally once i'm comfortable or in love with someone ( 6 months would count ) i can be very ... an intp would not refuse to listen to a perfectly sound impersonal explanation if it really did make sense . they would probably also not ever say the reason they're right is that their feelings were ... yes . i've had eye contact with someone over the course of two years and haven't yet said hi . i don't want to be too forward . you could help them along by trying to carry a conversation . we like ... are we all like this ? people seem surprised when i blurt out what's that ? so freely . i had to do it tonight with my 12 year old i think he's already smarter than i am ... when someone gets added to a facebook group with 20,000 to 50,000 members and feels the need to post hey thanks for the add ! to everyone . no one cares . i was thinking that too , actually--if it were me i'd want to know i could do less . i don't know this person at all though and i worry it would come off as rude . i'd guess they're a something fj ... also facebook group participants who post a question asking for help and then reply to every comment with a whiny reason why that suggestion won't work for them . when people in the same online class as you are trying way too hard . i want to message them and tell them my crappy answers are getting me an a they can chill . - atheism - no - vegetarian and veganism - no , quite the opposite . - pansexuality , bisexuality , or asexuality - no - strong liberal leanings - no very conservative . these two i definitely agree with . i was a theatre major , but people who want to be entertained by singing and dancing should have consent to being entertained in that way . do not randomly sing ... why do i get the feeling there's already several of them down there ? oooh algorithms ... dammit you get us . you find a video for a new product that creates a cone of silence , but immediately turn the sound off on the product video to watch it . because noise . precarious on my part or yours ? - hearing people chew - loud noises in general - liberty mutual insurance commercials - the voice of the actor on burn notice - running out of staples in your stapler - people who arrive at a 4 way ... let's say you like an intp for whatever reason an entp would . how would you want them to respond to your flirtatiousness ? say you're staring from a distance , what response to that would be the ... entp . snarky and fun . the only people that seem to enjoy arguing as much as i do , and while i hate for someone else to be right , they seem to really like being told they're wrong . so ... kind of my ... i had said if we develop relationship theories in order to understand and navigate relationships in good ways , in better ways why not ? i think if it were in the spirit of manipulation it would be ... i think if we develop relationship theories in order to understand and navigate relationships in good ways , in better ways why not ? i think if it were in the spirit of manipulation it would be ... ... entps make me forget how to sentence it's us . we're just too scared to tell you . see i thought we were going to list behaviors that piss us off . i can do that . i wasn't expecting the generalizations about people though , i prefer to think people in general are quite complex and ... oh . i thought you said enfp . those are my favorite . i am trying to figure out if i know an esfp . s's in general don't really interest me ( except my husband , he's darling ) . a little irked but know the person was kidding : i get sarcastic . really angry but for a justified reason like someone is being disrespectful to me or to my staff : i get very firm , very direct , and ... i like the book refuse to choose by barbara sher , it talks about those of us who like to have lots of projects and the different ways we can structure that . i'm one of those who have a revolving set ... dh is dear husband . we've been married 13 years . we understand each other more now , and we still have fun together . some guy approached me in the grocery store and said he didn't want to weird me out , but he thought i looked great and then said most women do not know how to dress so classy . ok . i was a ... dh : istp very blunt , fun , witty as crap . ds12 : isfj he's very smart , very kind , so slow at getting the dishes done seriously . ds10 : enfp my favorite kind of type . he's super energetic and ... there's an entp that i work with occasionally and informally . if there are people around we both know ( usually istjs or enfps ) , or if we're on the phone , we get along great . we share funny stories , ... mine is physical touch . i need to hear from my dh that i'm attractive to him . i think most people usually give with the love language they prefer , we generally assume people like what we like . ... so my dh is an istp , and we're quite happy . i will caution you though if you stay with an istp you will be craving some n in your friendships and working relationships so just be ready . at least ... i think i care differently . i moved 1500 miles away from family and didn't think anything of it . we get along great but if i call my folks once every couple of months that would be a lot .   ... i do not like clutter , but i usually just throw things out if they have no use to me anymore . the things i do own are strewn about and i can find anything i need in 2 seconds . i have a 12 year old ... i went to school in the late 90s , again a couple years ago and am finishing up now . if you can make it through your generals ( or earn during hs if that's an option ) , you'll probably be golden . ... i think this is interesting . i am strong on my n and p and i was very glad my dh never talked about getting married before he proposed . it would have ruined it for me . i like how you said it's ... i didn't really date until i was 18 . i wanted to but i'm basically terrified once i know someone is interested in me so that's a hurdle i had to get over . once i did start to date i really didn't ... t / f is for how you make decisions , so he may just be a more empathetic intp than i am . i have feelings , very strong feelings actually , i just don't want to share them with anyone . i don't know if ... '