' yeah , my officemate just came into my cubicle crying and told me this . apparently she and her sister had linkin park tickets for next month :( book 2 - part 9 : listen been obsessing over bts for the last few days :D my little sister's getting annoyed at me lol . i've read sooo many interviews and descriptions of their personality types ... i still don't know what to call it , but i do know that something happened that night between me and my ex and the other time a couple of days afterwards , and whatever it was wasn't right . my ... duplicate - _ - lol even if we debated i would have been on your side anyway xd from dust we came and to dust we'll return is what i believe ( not looking to debate this either ) , so there's really no use to me to ... girl same ! ! i see shows like that and i know in real life that there are women who have no access to birth control , are living in absolute poverty and would be so excited to even just see a new piece ... can i be completely real ? there ’ s sometimes this obsession with this “ women of color ” , queer identity thing that i ’ m honestly not understanding . and i feel like i really should be interested because ... i can see all your posts and it looks like you're trying to reply to questions , but there's no one in particular on the receiving end of these . are you trying to reply to someone in particular and ... book 2 - part 8: exposed this is the verdict : light has come into the world , but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil . everyone who does evil hates the light , and ... never heard it described this well before . depression has a way of making you feel like you're treading water and just trying to keep above it all . there's this brilliant video that uplifts me every ... a consistent summer ... it's been on and off raining here in canada and after living in a tropical country for four months , i'm sick of living in country with such miserable weather . plus my cute ... imagine one in your brain and talk to them , zero danger + zero flaws = perfect enfp really ? none of this sounds like fe to me . if anything , the morally conscious , fiery side of her sounds like ... yeahhh i was wondering why i kept seeing duplicate posts here ... so back to the thread but i bought this super fucking expensive lotion called brazilian bum bum cream and it was $ 60 at sephora ... i never knew this until now : o there can't * actually * be bananas growing in canada ? ? all i ever see growing is snow and then grass for like 8 weeks in the summer :( how far south in ontario are you looking ? because i've been the southest it gets and i can confirm that it's still snowy down here for many months of the year xd bc is nicer , from what i hear lol sounds like he has no shame . maybe people are attracted to his fake confidence because it seems like he can say whatever he wants and gets away with it , but believe me , when you really confront ... can definitely relate . do other people know that he's like that ? possible that they're sucking up to him but not because they like him . maybe he's popular and they want to be popular , too , or they're ... loool you guys are funny . i can definitely see my ex doing that xd i remember one time we were vidchatting and he mentioned that he was wearing two sweaters . in 30 + weather on an open air roof while ... aw <3 none of what you said sounds even remotely crazy . everyone wants to be accepted , despite whatever flaws they perceive themselves to have . and everyone has deeply , deeply hurt people they love , ... book 2 - part 7 : heroes and villains grandma called to check in on my dad ( minor hiccup the other day healthwise ) , but he wasn't home , so i called her back and let her know how he was doing . and ... gah sorry , meant * sympathize , not empathize . i agree , we're not perfect either , but i feel like i have nothing to complain about . or at least nothing i can think of that directly disturbs my day to ... yeah , england's been damn scary lately ... something something move to canada kidding though but i empathize with you guys . what part of the states are you in , if you don't mind my asking ? book 2 - part 6 : what is consent ? trigger warning : goes into more detail about grey areas in relationships . i didn't say yes , but i didn't say no , either . i remember being curled up in ... book 2 - part 5 : why i stayed okay . hand to heaven , here's the reason i stayed with the intj for so long . i know i'm going to sound like a crazy person , but bear with me . it's always been ... sooo i did a thing aaand made a blog . idk what i think of this yet , but i wanted to have some place that archived everything that happened from start to finish and how that's led to the way i think ... book 2 – part 4 : they ’ re everywhere woke up at 11 the other night to a phone call from one of my new friends . in tears , she admitted to me that her ex-boyfriend , aka a friend of mine who used to ... book 2 - part 3 : when the levee breaks “ treating these boys as though they have a chemical problem not only overlooks the distress they are in but also reinforces their beliefs that they are ‘ out ... book 2 - part 2 : why does he do that ? still haven't gotten a counselor yet but did just start reading why does he do that ? by lundy bancroft , who was a counselor for abusers for years and wrote ... book 2 - part 1 : small thoughts made a bunch of new friends - good ones who don't let me get too drunk , but who still know how to have fun , and who are just as normal and messed up as me , with the ... apparently intj ex kicked himself out of the house . as in , he rage quit and was like fuck these people i never want to deal with them again and left which is waaay more in character for him ... or tequila shots :D i'm just kidding , hot chocolate sounds good ^ _ ^ maybe with a little rum in it ... ? part 18 : please ... absolution do you really think talking to each other can fix this ? i'm not trying to fix anything . this is so broken , there's never any chance of this ever being fixed . ... part 17 : from the mouth of the horse last couple of weeks have been a very interesting kind of torture . after the aftermath of what happened , i sent a message to intj explaining what happened on ... phew ! thank you lord that it's over t_t it's like 2:30 am and i finished my paper a couple of hours late but i sent it and it's done and i'm glad that i made it anyway despite spending half the ... okay okay obviously intj hasn't responded and yes i know he has no obligation to but the ne in me always goes what if you send another message just send another one maybe he'll respond ... thank you ! ! ! i think i have about 1000 to go now ^ _ ^ about 1500 more words to go crumbs please can we finish this today you have a semi-formal tonight aaaah naa koy dugo run sakita sa likod di ko ka sabut ang akong gi bati je n'ai pas la patience d'ecrire ce document je veux courir maintenant mais mes pieds n'ont aucune force et il fait ... letting go , letting gooo , can't hold me back anymooore so . now it's finals and i'm in the middle of writing a 4000 word paper and i have a throbbing headache but at the same time i'm super ... ugh . of course . now they're telling all my uncles and aunts that i slept with the driver . great . so much fun . i mean they were bound to find out anyway , right ? they would notice that the intj's ... aaaah wtf i can overhear my dad talking on the phone and my grandma is calling us again , apparently my grandparents tried to call over and over again today but the wifi just started working again ... gah . i sent the intj ex a message . as short and to the point and with as little bs as possible and written with the help of another xntj friend . he's under no obligation to reply so that's very ... yeah , i think i probably will message him . i've been debating it again , and knowing how much he overthinks things , and how much i overthink things , the way this looks from his side is nothing short ... this is what i'm thinking of doing . he lost his tuition , and the financial burden of that isn't only on him , but his parents . his parents are now who i'm worried about because they didn't want us ... what do you say to someone when you've ruined their life ? because like it or not , i will see his family again . it's not even a question . maybe i won't see him , but his family will be there . i'm ... it really does feel like a drama for me , too . except a really , really bad one that ends up with a shitty ending . i really do think that there's something good that will come out of all of this ... part 16 : new chapter oh my god . background first . last september , i went to live with my grandparents abroad as part of a school program . while i was there , i had a driver , an intj the same ... hey ! thanks for the advice . it's something i'm still debating . what happened is that i dated my grandparents ' driver , my parents and family are very conservative and found out i wasn't a virgin , ... i can't focus . i can't focus i can't focus i can't focus . i don't know what would make me focus better . i think all i can do at this point is keep going . grow up , crumbs , i can hear myself ... part 15 : the misunderstanding parents called my grandparents . without me being there . i was asleep . they didn't tell me they were going to do it , but they did and told me the next day . they called ... '