' thank you all for the replies i really appreciate the incite . i also did the enneagram for me and well still comes out entj , with subs as follow . type 1 orderliness | 66 % ... so i had the test done professionally and web test and all of the says entj . 2 of my friends that is really into the 16 personality types agree with this assessment . that's the basis , however i ... hmm i use to do martial arts till i got inv to international competitions .. now i just do gym and probably some causal competition fighting in the future ... i work a full time job and do dance ... that was a very interesting read ... other entj women do you have the same experiences overall ? i am also wondering about entj guys what their experience is over all ... but ill maybe make ... it did make me smile ... for me as a person yes . could not finish past 1 min ... just too much ... i am type 6 with a 7 wing : the loyal friend your trifix is 6w7 , 3w2 , 8w7 . i just like moriarty in the show ... but it is more because of his acting . well yes i am ... and the following video i am posting will completely negate the sentence ... http://youtu.be/U6-zi25GgVE http://youtu.be/Z1BzP1wr234 so your in a shop and they show the latest ps4 or xbob one , or picture what ever you are into girls ? at that moment that you say to your self you want it , that is how emotional people think . ok ... try one of these if they are what you are after . famous entjs - celebritytypes.com in the organization i work it is almost impossible to get fired . so this person was hired and have had more training then any of the rest of the people working on the same things . he just does not do ... i understand what you mean , no they are a team member i work with . i did not give enough information to comment on that sentence as it was a side note . that was not the question i was aiming for at ... this relates to personal and business life . i have been reading a lot of how to talk to people better communicator those types of book . i believe i communicate great with people , i know what ... fair call . yes might be a downside , but honestly women usually like men with power and drive . so if a attractive women starts flirting with you at work , you would say this is not the place for it ? it is ... np :) well i rarely like being touched , and most entj's i know is more or less the same , but when we like some one we let them get that close . this is a generational on my part as well . there was a post like this more or less a while ago most of us seemed to be . physical touch from memmory http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/173739-what-your-love-language.html link ... flirting or charming ? saying that i often compliment people , if i think what they do or have is worth complimenting . i complemented a women and her earrings the other day because i think it ... 100 % agree with this . i don't see the point of manipulating people that can do nothing for me , but there is always a long term lookout if it is possible they can be useful in the future . ( 20/25 ) it also depends on if i am at work and want something from some one . i am happy to manipulate people to get what i want . depends on the day but makes me smile at least ... http://youtu.be/zIyeNRbbKBw ^ ^ i would be so annoyed if i was one of those people , wasting my time ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kbSfFFEvxw&list=UUduKuJToxWPizJ7I2E6n1kA&feature=share&index=4 and http://youtu.be/QSKBoO5hBHk don't backtrack now , once you made a decision stick to it and move forward ;) wow you must be the nicest entj or even person . unless you are professional sports person that needs to be in a weight class ? i do not see what other reason there will be ? don't use absolute statements . only important indicator is a mirror imo . screw scales . yes always have to be health conscious at least . i would not say in the world ... well i acknowledge my parents are there and they say hello when we talk that is about it . we never had a need to really say anything . told my dad one thanks for raising me and looking after me , ... in our day and age old line , it would appear that narcissism is a good thing . in work and personal life it is almost a must these days . narcissism is only dangerous imao when you lie to your self ... narcissism -3.2 - 74 machiavellianism - 3.2 - 74 psychopathy - 2 - 20 i assume most people here know about the dark triad test . ( i can not post link but google will find it easy enough ) this test is used for numerous government jobs along with some other tests . i ... i get told by people i know that i always seem pissed of and if people look at me in the street they might cross it ... in reality i am hardly ever pissed off , unless people are useless and do ... gym , reading , dancing ... cuddling is fine if i want to , but really it is very rare . so my question is if this is standard personality type trait ( i assumed it is ) or not . i can watch movies and tv shows with people , but when i watch it on my own i find my self forwarding or ... well i agree with most what is said , but over time i learned not to stare all the time in peoples eyes as they say it makes them feel uncomfortable or intimidated . when i was younger this bothered ... physical touch - 10 quality time - 7 acts of service - 6 words of affirmation - 2 receiving gifts - 1 i hate it when strangers touch me , even when it is my mom or dad or sisters . my kids can ... my name is leon and was looking into some stuff about entj and found this place . i am from south-africa but life in australia now . hello all . '