' a space whale - the only reason i worded it like that was that when i would try to communicate with her that it hurt that she criticized me , i sometimes get the responses jeez ! ! or come on ! ! i do ... thank you ! i will definitely look into that :) sorry , double-post ! page didn't totally load after a minute or two and i refreshed it ... > _ < pinkrasputin - i am 22 , actually . but i do know what you mean . i don't think i am ever going to feel like an adult , even though i am very well capable of taking care of myself . my mom does not get on ... - thank you ! i feel like you worded this so much better than i could have . your situation sounds quite similar to mine . the scenarios aren't exactly the same , because sometimes it is ... ... i wish i were more eloquent with my wording , because then maybe i would be misunderstood a little less by people . i feel like this every day . : first of all , i'd like to apologize for not posting for like a week . i started an internship recently , but it has very long hours , so i have not been on the computer much ... - yes , i live ... i don't know if i'll ever be able to communicate normally with my mom . i try so hard , but for some reason , i am the only one in the family that she snaps at or seems to get in pointless arguments ... been dating the same guy for a bit over 3 and a half years , with the exception of about a month or so last year , but that time helped for some reflection on what needed to be worked on . we still have ... please listen to what everyone is saying . my ex boyfriend was the same exact way . you may not notice harm if it's not physical , but eventually you will possibly notice the mental / emotional damage it ... enfps gone wrong ? say hello to robin williams ' character rainbow randolph from death to smoochy ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enNOYsdgUOI umm ... pardon some of the language . and the length ... next / possible careers non-profit / activism / advocacy work current careers got laid off from the diner a week or so ago , so here's my volunteer experience . dv / sa hotline volunteer ( domestic ... - oops , i think i misworded that . i told him that i appreciated it would be more accurate . but yeah , after talking to him that one more time on the phone , i didn't bring it up anymore ... thanks for all the input guys ! and talking a bit more with him after calming down did help . i did reiterate how i was feeling yesterday and the concerns i had because of past incidences , and he , ... i guess i will try talking to him about it . when i had brought up the date initially through text , he stated he was fine with it . i had told him that i appreciated his attempt to be a bit more ... i am not expecting him to be jumping off the walls about meeting a friend of mine whom he has never met . i would just prefer to not have him act ( or feel ) particularly negatively during the outing ... thanks for the responses ! i was curious because i have an old friend coming into town , and she wanted to do a double date . i asked my intj boyfriend if he'd be up for it , and he said yes , but he ... out of curiosity , do any of you - on behalf of a partner - push yourself to be more social at the expense of what you want to do ( ie - go on a double date with people you don't know , family functions ) , ... forgot to mention here a little while ago , but about a month and a half after we broke up , we talked through our issues and my so admitted he had some personal issues he wanted to work on ( which i ... coming from an enfp ( though i am borderline i / e ) , it could be any number of things . does she have a lot of personal stress going on in her life ? issues at work ? ( sorry ahead of time if this reply ... upon further reflection , if i were to become an unhealthy enfp ... i wish there was a female version of rainbow randolph from death to smoochy . that'd totally be an unstable me . would have posted ... germany and north italy from axis powers hetalia ? might be wrong , but they seem to be remniscent of an intj / enfp couple . 3072730728 3072930730 as far as academically , i can't stand math , but i like leisurely doing logic puzzles , some of which involve math . if a grade is connected , i don't like it because it's one of my worst subjects , ... when i am a little upset or miffed , it makes me feel better when my significant other initiates talking and checks up on me and makes me feel special ( i am usually quite doting on him but it makes me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUm8wtDQgTU this . thinking about it , i've never really dated someone of my own race . i've had a few crushes , but that was it . besides , the guys who weren't of my race tended to have more in common with me or were more ... well , considering the experience i've gotten in college , i'd like to go into domestic violence awareness advocacy and nonprofit work related to that and homelessness . here's to hoping that goes ... if you mean stable as in emotionally and inwardly , as well as outwardly , it was definitely developed and learned . ( although i had emotional damage that brought up a large chunk of the instability as ... unless the calm is making me fall asleep , there have been plenty of times that having that calmness gives me too much time to overthink all the awful things going on in the world , or even things you ... back in a relationship with my intj again . <3 i think the space was good for us , and things will go a lot more smoothly for us this time ! ( had a fairly healthy relationship in the first place ; stress ... i want to travel to different countries , write a children's book , write an epic , record at least one music album ( but not to become famous ) , go on a safari , ride an elephant at least once , see the ... i own a bit of makeup but i virtually never wear it because i don't like the thought of going to rub my eyes and getting eyeshadow or mascara everywhere , and think i actually look better without it ... aw shucks , i hope that's what his thoughts are of me . he can be cynical at times so i am hoping that the sign he was not bothered by my insistence of trying again is a good sign ... if you would like ... update , i guess , since the thread is still open . i have been doing pretty well over the last month , but a day or two ago , was very uncharacteristically depressed , and made it somewhat apparent on a ... i cannot stand the thought of cheating in the slightest , and anyone i know who's cheated , i don't really trust them much anymore . never been tempted to cheat , and never have . i don't even flirt ... hmm ... throughout my life , i've had countless little crushes , but as far as dating ? between freshman year of high school and now ( entering senior year of college ) i have dated three guys . first one , ... it's really helped to read this thread . my guy ( intj ) and i mutually broke up on monday because we are going through different stages of life , but it's still been tough . ( we both have things we need ... they are bluntly honest and they are loyal , even when circumstances change . :) and thank you to everyone for the helpful advice ! this has been a rough time but it all really helped . we just ended up talking about it early and both initiated a conversation . i ended up telling him exactly how i felt and he told me what his view of how things happened was . i am glad that he said ... well , i talked to the psychologist i've been seeing lately , and things became even clearer to me . i would always get an uncontrollable fear that he suddenly wouldn't care about me or find me ... thank you , this is a really rough time . i will give myself more time to think about this , but i do feel that i will likely feel the same way in two weeks or a month ( or longer ! ) from now , and i have ... thank you all for the replies so far . that was a given to me already as far as not telling him straight off . we both need time to mull things over . things ended very civil ; i just need to be a bit ... my close-to - 3 - year relationship with an intj ended yesterday . it was peaceful ( no spite or hostility , but very sad ) . we still care about each other very much , but we were just causing too much stress ... wish i could help with that , but the only experience i have is with ( who i think is ) an esfp . but i was willing to hold out for as long as it took for my ex-so , but he couldn't handle it quite so ... ends up my other bestie is the same exact type as the first one i described ; isfj . despite the s / n difference , we have virtually no conflict at all ( which i noticed is a tendency with other sensors ... if my s . o . had a spirit animal , i'm pretty sure it'd be a cat . he has some cat-like tendencies . looks like they kept breaking up / arguing and getting back together , and finally ended up together in the end . thanks for the input , it's interesting to hear your thoughts and the straight-forward honesty is always appreciated , of course . :) sorry , misread the post . i guess i'll ask a different question though . has anyone ever changed your mind with resilience or optimism when being ousted by the neglect option ? '