' i recently have been seeing an infp girl and think that she is freaking awesome so i am looking for things that infps enjoy from their significant other . what makes you happy ? what makes you blush ? ... i think lux is entp this is why i do not have snapchap my grandfather is a pharmacist and he said , i have read some of the worst doctor's handwriting , but i can't read yours . ( √ ( - shit ) ) ^ 2 137890 i am totally doing that is that the british form of bloody or the actual blood in your body ? code geass is the best representation of an intj lead protagonist i have seen so far . most intjs love it . idk if it's on netflix but it's everywhere online , might even be able to find it on youtube . lmao , is this for just movies or are you looking for tv shows as well ? most intj females that i personally know , play tennis . my favorites so far : limitless leon the professional * will edit as i remember them * this picture needs commas . and the physicist says , by measuring the glass , the end result is changed . yet so intriguing yeah it worked but it was in elementary school and i dont think it would work in any kind of education higher than that . i have done that before . if anyone knows these two people , can you tell them that i am waiting with a ring . ... i need specific answers , not answers like give her something from the heart . i'll give the quick version and say that i use to until i took a philosophy class . esfp , isfp , and esfj i find these to rage / wine / complain the most . one of my best friends is infp idk why you guys wouldn't want to be asked by a text . i think that would be the easiest because it would give me time to think about the options i should take while being able to replay on my own ... i kind of imagine ni as more of a search engine . if one recognizes a word our brains go through a series of searches which predict the most relevant pertaining to our surroundings . it reminds me of ... most avid who fans will tell you to start with the old , but lets be honest , the old ones are painful to get through . start with the newer ones and go back . so i was mentioned in this to hook up ? code geass - every intj should watch this dexter - but parts bugged me about it stargate atlantis friends big bang sometimes but it sometimes bugs me death note bokurano house doctor who - ... code geass if we do happen to be in a group , we will most likely be the quiet one in the back with our head slightly tilted to the side so there's this girl who is is also intj and i think she likes me back and is in the same situation as i am but i don't know what to say . i think one possibility for the problem is that because both ... personally im fine as long as im not fat . that said i used to be really fit , i wrestled and played tennis and played basketball which kept me very fit . now however im just fine with not being fat . im an artist . though i dont drink coffie cause its nasty and i dont smoke cause its disgusting and i dont wear pajamas cause i just sleep in my underwear ... but yeah im working on large oil painting ... yes because i genuinely have trouble distinguishing the difference . can't tell whether sensing or just old = . = http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=93028&d=139200033 have fun . xd asiration and growth , insight , and effectiveness are all examples of happiness with accountability at the bottom penis ? pness ? @_ @ if one does not enjoy legos , they are the spawn of satan . limitless about a guy who gets a pill that lets him use more than 10 % of his brain then stuff happends https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THE_hhk1Gzc uber has no one freaking said code geass ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? how have you not experienced its deliciousness ? ! ? ! ? ! i dont even know how to react when he says things like playing the violin is the same as touching or knocking on a door i also did martial arts as a kid and wrestled in middle school to freshman in highschool iv said this to my friend quite a bit but i want some other opinions . personally i love board games like chess and igo but lots of times they just seem so slow , especially when you have the whole ... i am borderline j and i can see it sometimes however im definitely intj . i mainly see the p when it comes to dead line ( especially for school ) il usually plan everything out all j and then when it ... this is why amon hates benders id have to say water . air would be my second choice because the human body needs air and water ( doesnt need fire , doesnt need dirt ) also with water there is the blood bending which would be just too ... bad example cause he's the same in every movie btw i like your sig guess :P '