' lol . we're not all into that romantic f stuff ... we enjoy our space . i rarely get angry , but i agree with wicked . i speak my mind and i don't sugar coat . i have been working on sugar coating things , but my friends tell me i'm still pretty transparent . i just laugh at ... something funny to go along with that ... i'm dating an entp and he's starting to buy me random gifts . i don't think he quite understands that i go for functional things rather than just random toys ... i want a new computer ( macbook pro ) , some organizational materials , and massage gift cards . we tend to like functional things . be careful because we generally will buy it for ourselves if we ... xstj's are governed by right and wrong , so it's highly unlikely that they'd get violent unless they could rationalize it really well . any of the ones i know anyway . i think the statistic is that estj's make up about 10 % of the population . if there are 16 personality types , we certainly are the majority . estj's generally only respect other competent estj's , but ... i drink to chill out . i need the battle ! ! ! it's not that i have a problem with them letting me do whatever i want , it's that they themselves have no further ambition or goals . it's like , well i'm 30 now . this is the best i'm gonna get ... no ... you're a feeler . i think it's more likely that you'd get jealous as a feeler than a thinker . instead of being jealous , i channel my desires into tangible goals . instead of stewing about what other ... come to this battle prepared . we are good at this . sj's like reason . if you can logically reason out anything , you can win . i'm an estj . let me tell you the negative connotations that come along with that - online and in person . i am percieved as a stuck up bitch who tells everyone what to do . while this is true to an ... i like them in general . my ex boyfriend was an istj and the only thing that bothered me was that he was kinda boring . very predictable , not exciting , not creative ... he did let me do whatever i ... my best friend and roommate is an entj and she entertains the hell out of me . she's just kinda messy and doesn't care about her appearance as much as i do and that drives me a little crazy . but aside ... estj's have the answer . the question is irrelevant . one of my best friends is extremely bipolar and kinda schitzoid ... anyway , this is her experience with the paranormal ... so you guys should know now that after my original abduction by aliens , ... it's closed minded . oh my ... they have to be more intelligent than me and i have to be able to respect what they do , how they treat others , how they take care of themselves , and how into me they are . i can't deal ... i used to teach kindergarten and i'm sure i'd run a college university course much the same way . i get so angry when people are disrespectful to my professors . i'm usually the one who sets them ... tutoring . my roommate is a math major and she is the school's math tutor . or you can always use your womanly charms on a nice boy in the class who is getting better grades ... i'm going to be a sailor this year ! inefficiently ? i don't see anything i do as inefficient ! i mean , when i'm actually trying ... lol . but really , we work hard to get things done and to get them done in the way that we want them ... yeah , i'm not one for hippies at all - a very negative connotation for me to use . i see them as people who are just too lazy or cracked out or doped up to care about anything relevant in society . war ... no . funny that you'd even ask ... estj - i will pout about it for a while until i realize that throwing a fit is going to do nothing to help my current situation , so then i get off my ass and do something about it ! while i'm pouting , ... you sound like an utter delight ! oh and there is only one time of the month that i turn into an f ... and i go completely crazy and go on a homicidal maniac rage . drinking doesn't do it to me though . i'm a happy drunk . my e comes out more and nicer than i usually am . :D lol . if only i cared about this situation that much ! i did color my hair though . not for him though . i get annoyed as well . it makes me think that people have alterior motives . i mean , i want to hear compliments from people that i deserve them from and from people who i care about . i don't really ... i think you'd find more estj guys than you would girls ... they are usually the managers and bosses in businesses and sports and things of that nature ... we enjoy rules and standards to live up to ... he won't let his family stay in a messy room . too much pride . hold your own or tell him to hire someone to clean the house . lol . self control . when i was younger , i used to think that i was incomplete by myself and that i had to be on the prowl to find my other half . after a few abusive relationships , because that's ... play into the depression thing . tell him what he wants to hear , you're right . i am depressed . i think i should spend more time doing things that make me happy . then play dumb and have him prepare ... i appreciate it . i think this is why estj's find humor in things that are out of the ordinary - things people do that we find out of the norm . instead of getting upset about things , we laugh about it . yeah , we can . lol . our love is something more permanent than a lot of f's . it is a decision , a commitment . it doesn't look like we have real empathy , especially those of us who are strong t's , but we ... our sense of humor is dark and dry . very sarcastic . and yes , we do find humor in things that are not normal . be late . i want to kill people who say they're going to be somewhere and then they don't show up on time . what a waste of my time . lol . my problem is that my brain and my hormones fight . yeah ... that might have something to do with it ... let me rephrase : how do i become less controlling so that i can attract less complacent people ? i think wake said it best , be more passive . let's see how this one goes ... ps rowing , i love the rhps ! lol . well i am an adult , and i will not have children until i am financially stable . i think it's part of leaving my legacy to have my own children . team sports builds character and a good sense of ... i do not accept . no , i need to change my way of thinking . my control problem is what attracts me to them because they'll let me do whatever i want . i mean , finding less complacent men is easy , accepting them mentally ... can you post a picture of what exactly you're talking about ? not of an ape ? so i was talking to my mom and sister today and we were talking about how the last few guys that i've gone out with have been really complacent . i think i'm doing this on purpose so that they will ... 1 ) money makes life a lot easier to raise a family , especially as a single parent . my mother raised me by herself and she's a doctor - allowing me to go to the best schools her money could afford , ... i don't think that many people agree what true love really is . i am a true skeptic . i have little to no faith that relationships will last forever . raising a lasting legacy , on the other hand , is ... i know . i enjoyed it . '