yeah , you're not gonna win her over with logic or anything like that , all she's thinking about is her mad feelings ... i've been there , done that ! what she really needs , is you to smother her with ... wassup fatum =P i haven't seen it man , but i don't really like that kinda film ... it's too artsy fartsy for me ! =) i'm not too good with my american history man , more up to date with my european history if i'm ... so um ... i've hit an all time low ! after being really high with my new job , new friends and new girlfriend ... i'm being threatened with getting fired , i saw the people for what they really are and ... horton the elephant from dr . seuss ' horton hears a who ? =) a hungry african lion came across two men . one was sitting under a tree and reading a book ; the other was typing away on his typewriter . the lion pounced on the man reading the book and devoured ... i got a 66 =D also , adasta you still haven't said what you're favourite colour is =P 2 things : 1 ) you are ... ridiculously wrong in my intentions on that question as a typical enfj . 100 % exactly the wrong way , and in fact i was a little insulted reading your post , until i got to ... infp's ftw ! xd gotta love you guys ! =D 1 : what's your mbti type ? enfj 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? youngest =) 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? auditory ... aww man happy about nothing . do you want a hug ? celavie where are the pics of the zombie courtesan costume ? =D catcrime why no pics of the slutty cats ? =P and i get the sun and it is very artsy and stuff ... but why the drawn-on freckles ? =) your favourite colour ! small talk for enfj's doesn't have an ulterior motive ... we're generally interested =) like for instance , if i were to ask how you are , i'm not just being nice or ... yeah , so much ! i even start flirting without realising i'm flirting ... i need someone else to point it out to me =) i like hugs and watching movies in silence until the end of the movie and then we can talk about it =D bonus points if we watch the movie while hugging ! =D i love being so close to someone that ... sex wizard ... definitely sex wizard ! =P i have a reputation for getting naked when drunk and for accidentally breaking hearts and wrecking homes ... woopsies ! =P awesome , loving this thread ! =D 5149751498 5149951500 51501 * the world is so big and dark and scary ... everyone should be careful ! no-one's listening to me ? okay ... i'll just be over here in the corner then ... being safe ! * =P i'm much more left , i would consider myself a socialist and probably even a marxist , so i'd say i'm around half-way to the left =D i have read on a lot of sites that famous enfj's include : hitler and quite a few high ranking nazi oficials jesus barack obama sean connery martin luther king jr nelson mandela pope john paul ... one of my friends is an infj and we get along well enough , but theres too much clashing ideas for me to count him among my close friends ... strangely enough , i'm closer to his enfp girlfriend than i ... hair is by far the first thing i notice ! if it's a nice hairstyle then i'm interested , bonus points if it's in a ridiculous , bright colour ... or ginger ! ( i'm on team red ! =P ) after that , i think ... lol , i'm sorry , it's just ... i'm a pretty girl too damnit ! =P not the first time a pretty girl has said that to me ;) aww , okay =( ^ ^ ^ that ! exactly ! i don't have any tricks for coping or anything . i have ridiculous expectations of people , and most of them disappoint me at some point ! but i would never change my expectations , because every now and ... se ? nailed it ! =D probably enfj's ... it's just in our nature . even if someone's a total jackass and the world has given up on them , we still think they can be saved ! i'd say i'm probably even more guilty of it than ... guilty as charged ! =d i was gonna post that as mine , but then i thought it'd be a bit big-headed ... so i'm glad someone else said it ! thanks for pointing out my obvious physical superiority dude ! =D one love ! =P hmm ... thats a tough one ! i don't know if i'll be able to narrow it down to just one ! =P this song is me at my best ... fun , happy and absolutely abounding with energy =D ... i played around with archeology for a while ... it wasn't for me . i prefer the stories , rather than the artifacts ! =) one thing that i did find really fun though , was learning egyptian ... that sounds like a sex pest ! =D blasphemy ! ! ! blasphemer ! ! ! i have never been accused of being normal in my life ! =P i've always had a problem with that description ... seems a bit too slight for what we do ! it's a euphamism essentialy , and i feel like it doesn't do our sacrafices justice ! i'd prefer if we were ... thank god a girl said it first ! i wanted to say it but it would be weird if an internet dude just went you're beautiful , have my babies ! ! ! xd i'm totally jealous of your moustache in that first picture ! =P a ) what type are you , or what type do you most suspect you are ? =) b ) why did you take the compliment out your post ... don't you love us anymore ? =( ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhahaha ! ! ! the thing that always gets me about lord of the rings is the unresolved sexual tension between frodo and sam ... it's absolutely heart breaking ! ='( makes me cry every time ! ='( well , right now i just work in a shop , but tomorrow i have an interview to start working as a charity fundraiser so i'm hoping that'll work out because i'm really good at selling things and it would ... 50015 not to seem stupid but um ... whats a pompadour ? =P and i already love bob , without knowing what that word means ! xd 50013 =p um ... some disturbingly beautiful works of art ? i'm sorry , i'm slightly typist with infp's , i assume you are all wonderful artists and that makes me happy =D as long as your painting of the coming ... ... infp's swear ? ! ? ! o . o i find myself pouting as i type things and read things on this thread ... like proper duck face ! 50004 also the black rose i really hope this isn't just teasing , otherwise i'mma vote for infp ... ramona flowers ... although there would be a lot of effort involved in that ! =P * lies down in provocative pose * take me now , you purveyor of lovely words you ! ! !