' i'm just now moving forward with an enfp who i've been interested in for quite a while , and i can say in hindsight that my judgment was straight up wrong :p roud : . i think she picked up on my disdain ... 1 . i like to get engaged in speculative thought , and i feel like an alien because of it . 2 . i'm not very socially confident . i have a hard time discerning where i stand with people . 3 . the ... perhaps this has been asked before , but i really can't be bothered to dig at the moment : what would be the ideal type to pair with a socially stunted infj in a relationship ? i'm a geeky infj ... the new storm corrosion cd ; specifically track 6 , ' ljudet innan ' . basically , my struggle is loneliness / failing to find and make connections with like-minded people . in my case , it is characterized by the fluctuation of devaluing yourself by being a chameleon for ... yeah . i can be a good actor , but i tend to lose out to my awkwardness eventually ( e . g . a lip quiver , blushing , stupid shit is said , etc ) . i'd rather save myself the energy and isolate myself ... haha . i like how i can let my guard down around enfp's ( i'm not completely sure if i've ever met an entp .. ) - - they make good friends in my experience , and i love the magnetism . what i don't like about the ... having a lot of anxiety , i believe , has much to do with it . i wish to avoid feelings of inferiority primarily , and yes , appearing inferior at times , but not always . i can admit i'm wrong and such . well , i've figured in the past i'm probably infj , but there is this persistent doubt churning in the back of my mind that i can't get rid of . my good friends are nf ( there is that magnetic attraction ... leaves ' sticky questionnaire 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i'm an imbalanced type , and what compelled me to fill this out was the uncertainty regarding my ... here are some things that i can pick off of the top of my head : - a good conversation with somebody . - reading . - music . jazz is one of my favorites and something that is almost guaranteed to ... i don't believe i'm shy , but rather socially awkward . i think the hsp component plays a significant role . i'd imagine it'd help to know that what may be perceived as shyness by somebody unacquainted ... that's pretty sick man . i'm actually thinking about getting into making ambient / drone when i earn enough money for a nice synthesizer ... but i won't delve into that . i changed my mind . i still ... maybe your avatar had something to do with it , but before i got done reading the first major paragraph i had the gut feeling you are an nfp . enfp is what i think your type is , but there's a good ... nope , i don't fit the model . i was born in late april and i don't wear glasses or contacts . i was academically advanced at a young age , except in math where i was mediocre , and was born roughly a ... enfp's are great ; there is a connection i experience with them that is distinct to that experienced with other types . much has been said about their positive traits , so i'll refrain from reiterating ... i act different almost every time in minor ways depending on the person , but the major signs would be : - the emergence of my humor ( i'm pretty serious / tightly-wound by default ... i don't know about ... i'm inept at visual-spatial tasks in general , so it's only natural for me to dislike playing sports . i realized long ago that sketching images with sticks in the dirt wasn't very stimulating ; ... yeah , i've been deemed innocent before . i suspect it's because my childlike day-dreamy / idealistic disposition leaks out for anyone to see ; the remark tends to come from people who don't know much , if ... 1 . an analytical , creative mind accompanied by a soft core primarily . 2 . never been in a relationship . the types i've liked in the past have primarily been esfj and enfp . - the esfj obsession ... my mother is an esfj and my father is an estj . they're good parents , but my father is quite the adult child , which i find really annoying , yet kind of cool in a way , haha . my mother is very much so ... i feel overcome by the desire to reintroduce myself here as an entp . i've thought of myself as an intp , infj , infp as well as an intj in the past , and after reading several descriptions of functions ... they're pretty interesting , but as far as my attraction to them goes - not really . other infx's are more in line with what i find attractive . - 20 - male - heterosexual - never have . - zero . - any thoughts , feelings or stories on the subject ? i'm in no rush to change the virgin status ; it'll happen when the time is right . some of my favorites : echoes - pink floyd wreath - opeth earthrise - camel heroes to us - kalmah the twilight is my robe - opeth back in the village - iron maiden perpetual burn - jason ... 19 and never been in a relationship . i've had the chance to be in a relationship with two esfj's and an enfp , but i cut them all off before anything got serious because i realized that i'd be unhappy . http://i52.tinypic.com/29cuy34.jpg ^ my typical thinking face . ... my mom is an esfj and my dad is an estj . i'm infj and my siblings are istp and enfp . i pursued this girl last year who i initially thought was ixfj , but later found out was esfj . upon discovering ... fadeaway and phantoms by porcupine tree . chemistry was driving me insane , so i'm back at home with english . :p roud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rqvt7ZfPh8 likes : - philosophy ( easiest and most stimulating class ) - english ( my major and favorite ) - biology ( i disliked this class because my time was mainly spent memorizing a textbook , but nevertheless ... i've searched around the net and couldn't find much about his type ; some sites guessed his type as intp and infp . here are some interviews that should give you an idea as to what his type may be : ... what is your myers briggs type ? infj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? intp , enfp , infp . which are the myers briggs types you are least attracted to ? estj , esfj , isfp . lol , it's a lot of stress . they've been trying to mold me into an sj since i can remember . 1 . growing or now are you mostly friends with girls ? i don't have many female friends . 2 . what are some of the things that people thought of you for being an infj male ? nobody i know in person ... mom : esfj dad : estj he is definitely interested in dating you , but it seems to me that he doesn't want to schedule a date and instead wants you to take action . maybe my guess is inaccurate , but i think you're infp . i'm in junior college right now in pursuit of a cs transfer degree and i was wondering if i happened to choose an aa in cs , is , etc instead , would this significantly limit my job opportunities ? ... my pre-collegiate experience was terrible . often times teachers didn't care if i passed or failed ( which wasn't personally exclusive ); to put it best , if you didn't understand the material as fast as ... after looking over the specs for the processors and gpu's , i think you will want to purchase the p320 / 5650 setup . though , i'm curious , what frequency does the ram run at and how many gb's are in each ... meh , it's alright . out of the three , i have to say i like the first song the most . noisia's good , though i prefer their drum n ' bass tunes over their dubstep .  ... my original post was written back when i wasn't nearly as confident in my ability as well as being afraid to take on some debt for a major pay off ; i wasn't as healthy then . now that i've grown a bit ... i've managed to establish recently that i'm ne dominant . i'd questioned whether i have an auxiliary preference for fi , but while debating with my enfp best friend about some political issues i ... bring it up in a straight-forward manner next time you hang out with him . yeah usually . dive in and see what happens . moderators : delete . father : estj 8w7 mother : esfj 2w1 be yourself , that's the most effective thing you can do . learning how to read body language also helps significantly . seeing by your profile that you're 28 and assuming you haven't gotten anywhere ... '