' i don't really understand how anyone with se in their stack can be clumsy to an extreme . i've found si users to be clumsy and unnecessarily cautious in unfamiliar situations / terrain . personally i ... you know what , let me just go ahead and break this down . you sleeping with 30 + escorts will end up getting you no where . you think you are getting experience with the opposite sex , but all you ... go engage 30 + women who are not in such situations to get a real good look at yourself . i am not judging you . i am talking to you as though as i would be talking to myself if i was you . having said ... ti had to work too hard on this post , therefore i am editing it out . :) i believe there's a misconception about ni-ti loops . it's important to not use ni-ti loops for the sake of processing negative emotions within yourself . ni by itself is an information hungry truth ... it's been raining heavily outside . i need to go out for an errand . oh look , it's clearing up . the sun is shining through . it must be a nice day to go outside and read or work on poetry or some kind ... i'm not sure why but after i finished reading your post i had this gut feel that you must be an enfp , and what do you know . i think all infj's should incarnate into the earth plane with an enfp soul ... hello , any infj programmers out there have any advice for someone who wants to start learning how to program on their own ? i plan to use different resources like mit opencourseware and whatever ... i enjoyed reading your post , however i think it is dangerously radical if you're truly thinking about this on individual human terms . in other words , if you are applying this hatred towards ... yes , my cultural background is probably different than yours and so there are probably a number of different issues to possibly deal with , but it took a long time to finally stand up to what felt ... call ni flawed is similar to calling fi flawed from an fe perspective . in my opinion ne really does not know how to view ni . it seems like it cannot comprehend it because ni does not operate by the ... yes . tough times ... i think what you need to understand is that fear has a way of infiltrating one's mind in which ever way it can . your concern is purely regarding fear . accept your position as you are . you are not ... now that i think of it , i felt this vibe off of some people and it significantly contributed to me shutting myself down and presenting myself differently . i am not trying to accuse you of any ... i think ... after reading the responses here i am beginning to see ti has had a grip on me for quite some time ! it's pretty amazing how being in ni-ti can really mix things up . the responses here ... thinking people are stupid is not really a terrible thing , but it may be short sighted . nonetheless , i feel like the concept that you express about that being your defense mechanism is one that ... same here . :: psyche hug :: ( not so comfortable with physical ones ... lol ) indeed . :) thanks , i am not insulted in the least bit . i actually found it awkward using one but i did not really know what to do so just went with whatever came out . i shall be considerate of this in the ... we all experience fear in unique ways , and now that i think of it , the point of this thread was transcending fear , and the lessons are still the same and apply to fear in general , across the board ... : happy : , fixed you know ... i bet it actually is natural for you , but you have been trained to believe otherwise . the negative feedback rubs off in so many ways , like with what you wrote . i used to do similar ... you're very welcome . i understand the feeling , and that's why i came here to write the original post . it's taken me many years ... but i feel like if this kind of guidance was available for me , maybe , ... we infj's are like little rain drops trying to move the ocean of the human collective . it fights back fiercly , and we retreat , and perhaps in time , we may reemerge , the wounds healed but the memory ... ah yes , this is related to what i was saying as well . i've learned that even though i've been wrong many times , things i was very vocal about some years back , i find that the world still turns and ... i removed this post because it is not relevant to the topic . this is something that has been imprinted into me from a very early age . my creative insights were often completely ignored or made fun of by friends and family , and this hampered my own expression ... perhaps fe appears inauthentic from an fi perspective , however , that does not mean that the isfj / fe user was actually being inauthentic . i think you're wrong . you quote one line from the esfj type , one that is actually something the infj can relate to quite well too . now , i realize it might seem out of line for me to say you're wrong , ... trailblazer , insightful , genuine those are from the perspective of an isfp , not that personality matters much here . these are words he's used on more than one on occasion , and i particularly ... you threw a dart without knowing your target . yea , i am pretty similar to this . i am very awkward at promoting a good emotional environment actively , especially with a group of people around . fe is def hidden , and i can be okay with that because ... somewhat . can't say defunct , as i am always aware of fe , even if it's shutdown . there are times where i do not come off as kind and warm . absolutely . the relevant question to that is , but why ? do i ... spiritraveler - your friends are awful . if i was there i would've been pretty damn angry . i call shit like that out , probably often making myself appear foolish or overly emotional in the process ... you don't really believe this , do you ? it could be that intuitives are more likely to seek out information regarding personality theory ( which i think is the more likely thing here ) . what you're ... for what it's worth , the way i see this thread is purely conceptual . for that reason , there are no human enemies . it is only conceptual enemies , intermixed with past experiences with humans that ... reading this part of the passage i felt a sense of familiarity , but that familiarity seemed so far distant , like trying to remember what my hands looked like when i was a child compared to how they ... lol . my gf is an isfj ... she's come to accept my terrible phone skills . in fact , she once went so far as to say you have all these magical things happening in your head , i would be surprised if you ... my only quip is that i've seen fi users sometimes nearly enforce fe users to do something that they themselves wouldn't like to do , it's just they have not yet been put in that position themselves ... one other thing i've noticed , fi user has to have gone through the pain themselves in order to sympathize or offer considerateness . if they haven't gone through the pain themselves , they are not as ... in my experience , yes , fi users are more incosiderate . fe users , especially fe-doms can be overbearing at times with their fe , giving help in order to calm themselves more so than actually being ... good lord , reading through some of these responses is insanity ... i feel like running away cause it's like holy shit ! give me my fucking space ! ! : laughing : i enjoy people . but when i need to be ... all i know is , i never signed up to be in a society where i'm expected to be on call 24/7 . people can be draining as hell . well , forget that , i won't blame others . ni can become extremely tunnel ... i don't believe i said anything about infps just not understanding . if i did , it was not my intention . my intention was to point out the difference in approach . in my experience , infps tend to ... depends on your intention . if you're actually an infp who is reading up on infj traits and then using it as a quasi-morphine to get really nice feels , then that's not what i could call harmless ... interestingly , you will see in this post how the lines between me and my friends is blurred . when an infj is mediating , they themselves are not part of the equation . infp's will have a difficult ... this question is really an odd one to ask for me , and i'm thinking many infj's will agree with me . the personality type theory contains much depth . i care about this because personality type theory ... interesting . can you elaborate on this a little ? i don't know when i'm in an ni-ti loop . why would it be annoying for nts ? i almost feel like ni-ti loops can lead to insightful things . an nt of all ... i am entertaining your post in theory and as an idea , not for its intellectual veracity . you know the mechanism of control because you've seen it in the past . this is the nature of se combined with ... fe does not read the environment . it reacts to the environment . example : ti + fe user sees an insect suffering and empathizes with it . begins considering how to end its suffering , and thinks how this ... please delete . see next post . '