' when someone immediately dismisses anything i have to say that conflicts with something they believe , saying that i'm young and think i know everything . tell me which behavior demonstrates more of ... https://adblockplus.org/en/firefox :) yeah , they kind of seem like yoshi's island meets scribblenauts . you just made me feel all warm and fuzzy . when a friend you're in love with turns you down and then practically flaunts her closeness to another friend , despite the many discussions you and her have had concerning how well you get along with ... i've never been the type to hate this , which does seem to put me at odds with other intps . as a big fan of efficiency and a complete novice at small talk i can see where they're coming from , but jeez ... i think you gave the nail a concussion . it really only bothers me when they're off key or when i'm trying to concentrate really hard on something . otherwise i'll sing right along with them if i know the song . it took a while , but i finally found the time and had the money to buy materials for a new one . here's hoping my trees keep getting happier . also , here's hoping i can hold a camera steady in the ... i always bugs me that i can't tell anyone i saw a ufo without them thinking i mean a flying saucer . interestingly enough , identifying an object as an alien spaceship means it is not , in fact , a ... it seemed to me like you thought they just made up the name . the name django existed before django unchained . you should . i remember reading from a lot of intps here that they went through life thinking they were crazy until they found this site . i remember the first time i read this thread , i thought to ... when would you go ? what would you see ? none of this i'd kill hitler stuff either . let's try a little creativity . personally , one of the things i've been thinking about lately is that i'd like ... i definitely see things this way in a lot of other situations , but i've always seen the will to at least feign interest as a sign that the person cares about me . i'm not sure if this would work for him , but a good way for others to motivate me is if they get ( or act ) excited about whatever it is i need ( or want ) to do . as long as they do it in a believable ... the worst part about this is that i hate to see wasted potential in anything , so wasting my own potential makes me hate myself for it , thus putting me in a mindset conducive to wasting more potential . i think the reason that happens is because humans are wired to think everyone else is just like them . it's that pesky empathy thing . people all put themselves in someone else's shoes and think how ... i saw the thumbnail and was all meh . then i clicked on it and was all awww ! my first painting . oil on canvas . i was never any good with a pencil , but i seem to be okay with a brush . 56536 as a fidgety person , that's easier said than done . i can understand where you're coming from in regards to audibly tapping things ; it's easy enough to fidget silently . however , i literally have to ... i couldn't resist . yeah , but you'll end up in jail if you do that . if you love webster so much , why don't you merriam ? damn , that is really petty . generally when people don't know something , even if it's something i expected them to know , i calmly explain it , doing my best not to patronize them . this looks like either the greatest movie ever or the greatest riffing material ever . you should try painting under the influence of salvia . if you can hold a brush on salvia , that is . i've actually heard females do tend to get better deals on cars . i think the reason might be male car salesmen having that little voice in the back of their heads : maybe she'll sleep with me . or ... i don't think it particularly matters who the kidnappers are . i was simply concerned that you framed the issue as if it only affected females . yes , we could be in a thread about another topic ... there will always be culture influencing human behavior . we must try to understand , however , where these cultural norms come from . traditional gender roles existed before humans really had much of a ... but we live in a culture right now where women are free to do as they please . it's completely socially acceptable , often encouraged , for a woman in the developed world to be a career woman , and yet ... well , you can't have it both ways . you have to either say it's gone or it's not . if the behavior is still in our biology , which makes absolute sense based on the other behaviors humans still exhibit , ... pretty sure i know that . are you under the impression that males are never kidnapped , raped , or murdered ? do you think any of these are exclusively female problems ? apparently you've ... that was very mature of you . i do regret the hostility i directed your way ; perhaps we both let our emotions get the best of us for a time . i think this is one of the reasons intps make such an ... understanding how biology affects human behavior doesn't assume that all people of a certain sex will act the same way . we may have changed our cultural identities dramatically since we were all ... to say that it has nothing to do with biology and everything to do with culture is to ignore mankind's evolutionary history . for most of our existence , those were our gender roles . it's just how ... why are men treated as objects of utility ? and , in many cases , sexual objects ? i can answer the sexual part . it's because humans are sexual creatures . we just tend to do that with people we don't ... good thing you're not an android ; you probably would've just self-destructed . unless you're one of those newer models . i can't bring myself to respond any more nicely to an unjustified assertion of privileged douchebaggery . i appreciate you , but that was all the response he deserved imo . bitter , are we ? no , i was pointing out that it's not different . you need to pay attention . i see no reason to discuss this with you further . i've given you the explanation twice now ; it's not my fault if you ... it's kind of the impression i get when the feminist leaders so many feminists claim to look up to really do feel the way i described . watch this video , for example : ... sorry if you misunderstood what i was actually saying , but you can see my explanation in the previous post . i wasn't calling someone on the act itself . i was calling them on the act in the context of ... and how exactly am i being a hypocrite ? i'm pointing out gender bias by saying look at how it's perfectly acceptable in direction a , but not acceptable at all in direction b . that's not hypocrisy , ... i actually found a couple analyses of the study . it was published in ms . magazine in 1985 and authored by mary koss . apparently the definition of rape according to the paper was nonconsensual ... isn't it funny how what i did isn't allowed , but it's perfectly fine when the reverse happens ? we both know the word for that . besides , you didn't suggest i was overreacting . you completely ... i'm sorry you don't see where the bias in your statement lied , but it was there . it's so nice that men have the privilege of being told how to feel about their own problems without getting to even suggest that maybe a woman is overreacting to something . female privilege .   ... clearly you don't understand that rape and sexual assault are not the same thing . i understand the difference , even if you don't . yeah , i know what you said . you said one in four college ... i never said you did . but look at the way these issues are treated almost anywhere else . what if i explained all gender-related issues as being related to matriarchy , and insisted that we live ... '