' i never find perfection . exfp would be my guess , with perceiving being your strongest preference ( seems odd that you were typed intj ) . i would guess esfp , based on being more hands on , and more of a play first approach ... sounds very intp-ish to me . i think for the highly introverted , ne can appear more like ni , since the primary domain of interest is internal . certainly gradually building up a model over time , ... there's a thread here that lists okcupid statistics on sexual orientation by type ( only as far as straight / gay / bi ) , which is kind of interesting . as a gay guy , those numbers don't match up with ... tri-types are a separate theory from wings . as the wiki page for tritypes states : so combining wings with tritypes is kind of nonsensical ( at least according to the creators of tritype ) . the theory is ( and there's some not overwhelming but real evidence for this ) is that the bluer wavelengths make one more wakeful , so its best to avoid them late at night . this gives rise to programs ... i have a number of hue lights ( and some smart power outlets ) and i like them pretty well . my partner likes them because he can program dim lighting in the morning that automatically turns off ... one theory about combining mbti and enneagram is put forth by pat wyman in three keys to self understanding . her theory is that the more at odds enneagram type ( which she relates more to the core ... you can look at the wikipedia page at ability to fake result and susceptibility to conscious control . also the reliability section says : so , it sounds like some variation is normal , and ... i think it's a good point that the iat approach still relies on a kind of self-knowledge . it just the association doesn't have to be fully conscious , and it may work around some basis . still , ... don't you hate it when someone totally steals the idea you've been mulling over by coming up with the same idea on their own , and then goes one step farther by actually doing something about it ? ... the mbti type statistics generally come from the 1998 revision of the national sample . this was a sample of responses from 3,000 individuals , 18 years old and older , obtained via random phone ... fi can be very exacting for an fi-dom . we tend to evaluate everything against an inner ideal ... and we continually come up short ( as anything in the real world must ) . we tend to keenly be aware of ... i think you are being a little unfair to fi in claiming that it is unrealistically naive . still , i don't deny that : fi tends to assume good intentions given a lack of evidence to the contrary ... i can only address what i see in my parents ' relationship ( estj father and xnfp mother ) and what i've heard from a friend who is an infp married to her estj husband . i think my mother has adjusted ... looks closest to infp ( note fi if first , followed by ne .. with si and te both being lower , as one would expect ) . next most likely would be intp . still , you are the best judge of what type you are . i think description an fi-based value judgments as just a feeling can underplay the nature of fi . it's more than just a passing emotion or a whim ... it's more on the order of congruence and ... triple majored in psychology , english and computer science . computer programmer since college ( close to 20 years , now ) . ne branches off into multiple possibilities , tending to lead away from the starting point towards new possibilities . ni incorporates the starting point into a larger pattern , granting a new ... i agree it's tough to find parks and spaces completely devoid of people in the city , but it pays to look for lesser-known parks . some buildings have green spaces open to the public on their roofs ... ^ agree with oa . i think sometimes the analytical side of infps is underemphasized . we like understanding and conceptualizing and can have a lot of patience puzzling through complex theories and ... to start with a specific example , the isfp i know well is much more artistic than i am ( especially visually ) , but he has very limited patience with theory and abstraction . he's not anti-theory , ... sadly , i don't think nfp is a recipe for quick , decisive external action in general .  ... was only suggesting it was a matter of degree . i think from an infp's perspective , enfps look less ... isfps - definitely can be mistaken for infps , but live more in the present ( albeit still in a somewhat dreamy way ) and are more attuned to their senses . tend to be more instinctively sensual than ... my biggest issues with fe-doms is their assumption that relationships have attendant duties / responsibilities clashes with my fi-based valuing of genuineness and autonomy . i tend not to go through ... computer programmer ( aka software architect ) at a medium-sized company . it's pretty laid back , they appreciate the work i do and i have a fair amount of autonomy , so is a better fit than one would ... ^ umm ... might not want to post where he is in case someone who wants to try it reads your message first by mistake . howdy , lark ! hope you enjoy participating here ! i'm definitely more into the rpg genre than most others genres . i like games with good character development and story-line , as well . definitely prefer cooperative games if given an option . played ... two of my closest lifelong friends i met during college . i don't think college is any guarantee of making friends for life , but conditions are generally favorable . with on campus living , you have ... the sense i get from some te-doms ( at least the fairly extraverted ones i know ) is they embrace value systems , too , but their investment is partially based on proven utility and the system being ... i definitely don't have this trait , although my more extraverted infp mother does . i find it irritating to be drafted into an extended conversational excursion just because i'm a convenient sounding ... i found that setting limits and learning how to say no when appropriate was difficult for me . i don't emotionally invest in lots of things , but the things i do invest in , i tend to invest in ... i think infps primarily tend to be enneagram 4s & 9s , followed by 6s . also a smattering of 5s and 1s and even more rarely 2s . not saying they can't be other types , but gets pretty sparse after that . welcome ! i share your experience of ti and fi being co-conspirators ( although in my case it's more ti backing fi ) . i think people see fi and ti more at odds than they must be for some individuals ... as one of the other seasoned , i welcome you ! i wouldn't leap to that conclusion . after all , infps ( for example ) are over-represented among therapists and psychologists in general . i think it's at least arguable that nfs are the most likely to ... i don't feel like most infps have a need to be generally understood by a large number of people . however , having a few close friends who value and accept us and with whom we can be ourselves is very ... not at all ! it may have been on another forum . nope ... here it is : ... age discovered : 16 ( - ish ) current age : 41 type : infp ( hasn't there been another thread like this ? ) and how would you know if they were gay friendly or not ? would you just attend ? with or without your partner ? how would you even know until the topic came up ? what if it didn't come up for months , ... psychologists and psychiatrists don't generally go around making up labels for people who are happy and functional . a personality disorder is defined a : as an enduring pattern of inner experience ... username : seymour mbti : infp enneagram : 5w4 interesting . my mom is enfp ( maybe xnfp ) and my dad is estj . definitely having an nfp mom helped me feel more valued and sane . she had a rough childhood herself , though , and suffered from depression ... what becks said . learning to accept compliments was definitely an uphill battle for me . when complimented , my perfectionism tends to bring to mind all the ways it could have been better ( or falls ... first of all , i second the recommendation to read up on the functions ( particular fi vs fe ) . that's the single most helpful thing . secondly , here's my list of differences , culled from various ... i'll take a very free-form stab at an interpretation : you describe yourself dressed in red ( often indicating passion ) with a short skirt ( sexy ? ) but barefoot ( girlish , innocent , perhaps ... i don't think we're all saintly fluffy bunnies as infps . i agree that we often show a passive and / or easy-going exterior . however , we are generally found to be among the most judgmental of all the ... first of all , i agree with the other infp posters here . and this may sound a little odd , but this is true for me : i think there may be one additional thing that goes on . fi is good at managing ... i've been in a romantic relationship before with an isfp , and as an infp it's generally pretty great . isfps seem much better at enjoying and living in the moment than we infps are . on the other hand , ... '