' cool , the plan is working . less and less intps are shy and more are posting . * agitates star strek complete serie * come-on fellows intps . time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time . dude , you're studying in another country . why stick on one woman ? yea i get it , she might be the mysterious , hard to understand kind of girl you like but still . my advice , meet as many woman as ... i have to get some landmarks as well . takes me 6-7 times before i know a route by heart . or i'm slowly making up a map inside my head as i daily drive . gps is a good friend . lmao , nah bro , didn't mean it like that . well , yes i did . but if i could feel empathy , i'd prob be sad for you . is she like the only crush you've had to far ? could you see more women or you ... dude , sincerely , i was in relationship with en esfj and it was the worst relation i've had . it was mostly working until one of us open his mouth . entp esfj is probably similar to intp isfj ... hi op , text walls aren't so great . i think you're mistyped , try the test there and let us know the whole outcome : free jung + enneagram personality test wow , you deep intp sir . do watchu gotta do brotha . grow some balls and ask her , best way to find out . gotta go for it ! https://41.media.tumblr.com/71ddd907e8b3598455110b160cf3ba6d/tumblr_nwf8ttofEW1t1otoho1_1280.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/11/63/de/1163deac06c4181c7c3ff74618c35792.jpg fututus et mori in igni ! this is latin , i just cursed you . brb sacrificing a sheep i'm sure your nonna is wishing from heaven that drunk parrot was her grandson . you freaking killed your grandmother . she was so shocked that you didn't like her food , that she died . : exterminate : i know damn . i wrote it and the answer flashed in my head with light bulbs . why ask when you already know the answer eh ? i guess i needed the confirmation . : blushed : yah , tjs are kinda boring .. asking for sources for whatever we say and requesting an extensive planning . : exterminate : i can really relate to this . i'm someone extremely visual . i have a photographic memory heavily developed so it's easy to get back into memories . i remember stuff from when i was 6 y-o . memories are ... say : hey baby , you knew that there's 50 % we fuck tonight . how come ? well , i want ... the other 50 % is up to you ;) it either works out , or she won't talk to you anymore . win-win . how you like your zombies ? tits , ass or hermaphrodite ? my best friend is estp also . i wouldn't say i'd fuck him tho .. you will get fucked up in a relationship with an estp tho . if you have trouble finding out the truth , you will live in constant lies ... my understanding of emotions is pretty developed . but also is my ability to feel one's pain . before finding out about anti-social disorder , i spent my whole childhood trying to be an empath . reading ... intellectual growth should begin at birth , and only cease at death . random knowledge is what fuel my will to live . exactly , even if it's not guaranteed to help - it is most likely guaranteed to be fun . i think it's part of entps personality to push on people's buttons to better understand them . sometimes it ... we're getting closer to the perfect new thread . i think intps wank themselves at everything stated above . it would surely catch their eyes and incites them to post . they simply can't understand anything rational . they are so emotional , all their actions must be in harmony with everything . oh , when i was trying to explain something for pure random knowledge , ... probably creative at finding ways to kill their entire sims family . maybe we should go morbid for a new t & a thread . actually , i did help her . talking about her yesterday made me wonder what she had been up to . seems like when i told her that , she stopped hanging out with guys and was only seeing her bestfriend ... mmmh , indeed . http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/625898-tits-ass.html is now at about 165 pages . we have to keep it ' ' geeky ' ' to not scare intp , they aren't that used to people . ... : ninja : ... excuse my laziness , i couldn't go through the 11 pages . but please accept my further devotion to help intps have a better world . it is pretty bad .. but no entp will refuse ... i did it to help her , it wasn't in my intention to make her cry like a baby . but you said it , it doesn't do her any favors to act like there isn't anything wrong with her . she didn't realize ... a whole planet of entps , it would be filled of knowledge but nobody would know the sources . we know how to make an inter-spacial ship because we know how . not because we learned it . it would have a ... i once explained to a girl why she was sleeping with many of my friends , within a week . started from her recent relationship and went way too deep into her childhood .. i ended up finding out she ... this feels like the most logical explanation . all entps thought of going to bed and ended searching for hours about nuclear bombs and stuff . it's like if we haven't fulfilled our needs of ... moonrabbit do you guys tend to suffer from sleeping problems ? insomniac ever since i was a child . what are your thoughts prior to sleeping ? does your mind wander to different problem ? i'm ... 12 , entp , nop . will probably be when we will be able to create life in laboratory . when someone starts arguing with you and someone else tells him to not even try to . because entp > all in mental sparring . i tried to be in relationship with an esfj , lasted 4 months and it took me a full month to make her realize it was over . worst relationship of my life , only because of all the energy she drained ... went out with an isfj once , made her cry twice per day with jokes even if it wasn't directed to her . she was striving for harmony and i was fueled by chaos . lasted two weeks , still when lights ... desthro , probably too often to be honest . in conclusion of my past experiences , 3 months is kinda my deadline . this is when i tell the woman i'm seeing that we're over , without any remorse . as ... damn , i thought i'd get away with this .. still i ninja'd for a while . basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? early 20s 2 ) city , country and / or region ? montreal city , quebec , canada 3 ) tell us ... tr0u8l3m4k3r wow , can't imagine how you treat your relationships .. been single for a while eh ? damn , you just ruined a date but with more than five words . thisisnotbrittany , laughed my ass off at it's consent if she's sleeping . i like to eat ass x93there are only patterns , patterns on top of patterns , patterns that affect other patterns . patterns hidden by patterns . patterns within patterns . if you watch close , history does nothing but ... geniusoverlord , i totally agree with you . the life in order i've described isn't what constitute the life of entps . all great changes are preceded by chaos , and it needs to have some chaos ... being a sheep . following what society wants basically .. go to school get a job ( j . o . b . ; just over broke ) get married have kids send kids to school pay your taxes pay your bills geniusoverlord , yes , more i think about it , more i'm starting to realize i have to go far away & start from scratch . for the party life thing , you can get bored around your early 30s but until ... there's almost no chance for me to get back to the same job . i'm thinking of finding a bar-restaurant to work at and to try to find a way to get back to school in electricity and specialize in new ... i recently download 20 and listening to 12 of his podcast from 400 + . i listen to music at least 8 hours a day tho . his podcasts include a 15min guest mix at the end , some of them are really good ... i'm currently working for over a year at a desk job . before that , i was working bartender in one of the finest gentlemen's club . let's say it's hell of a change , i went from working 4 nights a week ... '