' haven sorry man , you cant judge musicians personality type based on the type of music they perform , and the content of their song . as writers do exist , and any personality type can write lyrics that could ... young enfp here , going to high school in only a month . but i believe i know i want to pursue acting as a career , or at least a big part in it :D ( although doubts like what makes you a better actor ... meals harsh roses i feel a need to defend the enfp spy ! psuedo-function style i guess ne means that they are always looking at connections between everything ( correct me if im wrong ) and can think fast . that would ... rears : happy : drake i am ze 7w8 , 3w2 , 8w7 sx / so its the worst feeling waiting for school to start up again and have no one to talk to : crying : im only 14 D: i still haven't done everything in my 1st country yet ! the book of jumping ... thanks ! yeah , sp's are more populous elsewhere out side of the forums . ( then again i really want to get out more :( ) when i posted . i really meant the forum itself i guess . : blushed : ... thanks , maybe i was just looking in the wrong places > . > also i totally forgot treebob was an sp too . cant wait till i can have the chance to meet some good sp's :D double post i just feel that sp's are glossed over in this forum . b / c nf and nt are the most popular on this forum in terms of numbers , and sj's have unfair biases against them . but they're still brung up a lot ... salve i would totally get a team of all 16 types . none of this small compact team bullshit . there is strength in numbers , and each type naturally brings something to the table , whether it be nt ingenuity , ... here is just how i look at it : nfs are usually loved by most , as most types like to hang out with them because they form strong emotional attachments with them and can get people easier . they ... thank you . i probably have trouble explaining how to help others because of my young age . in general i like going to do stuff for the sake of trying it out . but its all about situation and context ... oops . posted in the wrong section of the forum . accidently posted in the temperament and not the enfp's alright , so the way i react to most situations is to just go for it and with open ... the first thing i think of when i see it is dark elegance . when i first saw it i didn't notice the face . i noticed the middle of the picture and its colours . and it made me think of a dark and ... dear infj where are you ? ! i want to meet you but i cant find you ! looking for waldo , enfp personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? neo - any nicknames ? my friends call me morpheus sometimes ... * male / female / trans ? male location - where were you originally born ? ... umm , sorry . i somehow got 100 , i dont know how , i dont know why . im only 14 , wtf . your total score is : 100 most definetely esfp , just because most of the time we're so enthusiastic about stuff and ( probably stereotypically ) so optimistic and know how to have fun i like clothing , it feels more comfortable than just wearing no clothes at all , because if you wear no clothes then your body is just more sensitive to random stuff , and it especially feels bad on a ... alloy '