so , basically , this thread is about people not understanding each other , and trying to pass that off as something inherent to socionics and certain types , rather than the quality of people's ... i mean ... i think the zero facade seems like an fj outwardly , but that's all it is , a facade . he even says so in the series itself , like how his disinterested persona is a facade . as a whole , he's ... angelcat , maybe i'm misremembering , but did you mean kristoff , not hans ? may be wrong , but i don't remember that happening . that's ... an interesting thought . i don't like the terms judging and perceiving anyway , too broad , but him being si is an interesting way of looking at it . i wouldn't say he writes common criminals ... just curious , but i typed light as an entj for a long , long time , as a way to differentiate him from a similar character , lelouch . does intj fit equally as well for light ? i more like her expies , like yuki nagato , but she's good on her own . and ... that's actually a difficult question , cause relate to and like are different things entirely . a friend of mine a long ... i'll let you know if anything definitive comes up . ;) yeah ... i can see that , from what little i remember . which was basically just him at the submarine base and in the bar ... it was 3 years ago i ... oh dear , is that what i'm typed as ? not an unlikely guess , but that was ages ago . haven't been on in a while . :D kaji ... again , he did fade into the background for me . from what i remember , ... you may be right on that ! i'll be honest , even when i was watching it , i wasn't really paying attention to her , she's not a central character to me . her fi-te is pretty damn obvious regardless , ... i've been catching up on doctor who , currently annoyed that season 10 isn't on netflix . but enough of that , i'm pretty sure twelve is an istp . i'll have to watch nine again to see how they compare , ... from what little i remember of her in evangelion , she seemed very se to me , but that's probably stereotyping . still , i can't really see ne in her because of that . also , curious , are you torn ... your arrogance aside , i'm not sure enfp for misato really fits ... at all , really . or ne in general . the rest seem okay , although i'm not dissecting them at all yet . kind of disagree with even this ; there's a difference between reasonable guesses of types , and people's views of those suggestions , you can be deluded into thinking you're a certain type for a while , ... can't argue with that . maybe the 5 is just more obvious to me from talking about things that bring it out of her . and what annoys her personally about arguments seems very 5 to me , but again , ... better that than someone who stonewalls any possible conversation by not accepting alternate opinions , huh ? really though , manipulating and provocative statements are not as bad as you make them ... obviously 4 , then . the only special people ever . : wink : and , note to self , check before you ask . helps . : laughing : oh yeah , definitely is , although i think it's hard to be correct about yourself in many cases , self-bias is quite a nasty thing . as for passive aggressiveness , you seem to have that sort of tone ... oh , apologies ! i may have misread it , should go back and reread . if my opinion means anything , though , you do seem passive aggressive ... but you always seemed like a mix between 2 and 6 , maybe ... double post , condolences . : wink : pretty much , yeah . and it's a good way to get into the conversation as well ! to contribute to the thread , though , i don't personally think owlet is passive aggressive ... she seems like the sort of ... oh no , you didn't ... just thought i'd show the post myself . no big deal . : laughing : , persona 5 is an interesting one , cause the protagonist in that , akira , has way more of a personality than minato or yu did . haven't finished the game myself , but the typings definitely ... huh , when i'm talking to passive-aggressive people myself , it's more of a game than anything ! and that makes it rather fun to dive down the rabbit hole with them ... like debating with intellectuals ... not my post , but owlet's . : happy : ooh , was the choosing deliberate ? interesting , interesting ... are the monochrome images also deliberate ? : happy : well , isn't that entirely ambiguous . still , 9w8 , though not surprising , is ... part of the joke , but i'll do it anyway . better late than never ! : laughing : i'm not entirely sure what instincts are reflected , but it seems very fluid and cerebral , get the feeling you like ... https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/272897070535278593/298465917879451649/barkycollage.jpg oh yes , they're actually a thing , but people using the term in an immature way makes it seem like they're overdramatizing it . isn't helped with the flowery descriptions of it all , which makes it seem ... a lot of types are self destructive , not just 4s , i personally don't believe only 4s can be self hurting or depressive , that just doesn't fit . though i am curious if looking at how rather than what ... is it the association to 4 as a type that gets you ? i may generally be considered a noob as far as enneagram goes , especially this sort of thing , but it seems like something that happens regardless ... yeah , and i'd imagine that's why quite a few people here think hermione's fe . i'll be honest , i don't really see introvertedness from emma watson , more fe on blast . but again , might just be me , i'm ... more to do with emma watson as an actress , really , if you look at the character themselves rather than the performance , definitely te . of course , i could be entirely wrong , but that's my read on it ... torn between both stj types , but leaning towards estj , purely because it's so evident . more in the book , but i attribute that to the natural fe of the actress . : tongue : not sure if this has been said before , but c . c . from code geass is a good example . and since this is still in my head , junko from danganronpa is a great example of an enfp villain , but that's not ... huh ... not sure if i agree with ruby being se , especially auxiliary . mostly because i think that'd be a great contrast to yang's high se , her being ne , and they are quite different . bit less sure on ... i did play a bit of apollo justice , admittedly , but not much . looking back on it ... weirdly enough , i'm tempted to type him as infj . don't know why , honestly , but it sort of fits with what i ... this is gonna be a whole lot shorter than the novella length post above me , but i'll give it a go . : wink : ruby : agree with on her being an enfp , seems to fit rather well . weiss : ... looking for any character in particular ? i know the original ace attorney characters fairly well , but i haven't exactly played spirits of justice . : happy : i don't know if you'd really call this anime ( there was an anime of it , but it was horrible in comparison ) , but devil survivor 2 ' s makoto is pretty much the perfect istj to me . saber from fate is a ... here's devil survivor 2 , and some types that i am really unsure about . this is probably the hardest time i've had typing characters , pretty much ever . : wink : mc - infj / istp ( cause dialogue ... kiritsugu's the combat pragmatist , whereas kirei just brute forces his way through combat , and manipulates people on the side . rewatching fate / zero isn't the worst fate in existence , don't worry ... i've only read bits of it , myself , more specifically , the bit where shirou turns up ( not the actual shirou in the show , though ... complicated ) , and does some heaven's feel level fighting . it's not ... i actually have , yeah , but i won't spend too long talking about it , cause let's be honest , heaven's feel is the best route , and i could talk about it all day , full of spoilers . i'm curious , though , ... well , i always found caster to be the very safe villain , the mysterious one in the background , pulling the strings , very easy to type that sort of a character as intj . why do you think of her as fe , ... yeah ... let me give my opinion on typings , for which i'm fairly certain of at this point . : exterminate : rin : entj shirou : isfp archer : warped intj saber : istj ilya : infp caster : intj lancer : ... from what little i've seen , obviously , i more see a high dosage of ni , rather than fe . so i'll stick with iei , or infp . : welcome : oh my dear child , that is nothing . just wait until you see the website's code . : cheers 2 : bump . xd well , after several weeks of revising , here goes again :P 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special ...