' afterburner your reasoning is epic ! patriotism is just a political tool . by quickly skimming through the post i've saw many interpretations of the concept , so i'll rely on wikipedia to establish a notion : patriotism is , generally ... first of all , welcome ! secondly , there is no inherent meaning in the life we lead . we create meaning to give purpose to our lives and to have a reason to get out of bed . why else would you get out ... : ninja : ... welcome there ... newcomer ... thanks for the reply ! so how do you propose this would be best used ? well , kind of weird can only be in comparison with something . if we don't compare the taste , then its a pretty good taste , because its yours ! also , by heavy metal hardcore do you mean stuff like ... the introverted need to keep things private , huh ? well you get over it eventually ... or not . in the end , who could possibly identify you by your nickname in a forum ? that would require some mad ... welcome aboard ! i'm sure you're going to find out the confusion that surrounds your type eventually . in the meantime , tell me , what kind of music you enjoy most ? i hope its okay if i ask . i just want to clarify one thing : so one can use this to determine the dichotomies ? that is , by seeing how many of the facets apply , you can construct the personality type ... that is a well put strategy , sir ! many errors in human reason come from the fallacy you described here . that is the need to confirm their existing beliefs . like mentioned before , i also sort of use ... with all due respect but what self respecting intj would communicate his thoughts in such manner ? i mean despite that , there are numerous errors in the intj's reasoning . oh well ... it's rather strange to hear that you guys consider that there could be a genetic relationship between parents and children personality . while i agree that it could be a possible theory i developed an ... loved the first seasons ! s01 was amazing and captivating , s02 disappointed me in the end and the rest just seemed strange and s03 was way too lousy . didn't captivate at all . tbh i didn't even finish ... do you have any more examples of such behaviour ? because i have to admit , that would be irritating . so you know multiple languages besides english and your native one ? : o could you please provide examples of the misconceptions people make about j and p functions ? i'd like to have a reference to know whats what , because i liked your article . welcome aboard gd ! i can asure you you'll enjoy your stay here :p also , that * please be gentle * is so anime-like :D purplelemon thank you for pointing out the inconsistency in my reasoning . good to have somebody to correct the mistakes :p though i probably should of checked the meaning of rationalization instead ... we all are trying to justify things that are important to us . that's the silly beauty of the human being . and with all due respect , you have all the druthers to wear sweats , sandals and t-shirts ... thank you for making sense ! i'll be more conscious about the bits now :p while we'r on the topic , does linux support the programs like microsoft word , excel , vlc media player and so on ? or will i ... lol .. shoot ... i probably messed up . no wonder we reconstruct things from our memory and not actually remember .. i meant 64bit and 32bit systems :| so do they work under that principle ? and this , my friend , is what we call a rationalization . used to love to work out when i was still in school . went to the gym 5 days a week . then i entered a university and in the big city the prices are way up . i understand this is an excuse , but meh ... this idea seems awesome . thanks ! i hope it works out , because before i heard something about a 16bit system and a 32bit system , one can run everything and the other is for work or at least that's ... if only it were that easy : 3 i was wondering if there was a windows system that you can't run games on . or does anyone know any ways to configure your windows so games wouldn't work ? wouldn't we be creating a different type theory then ? agreed . my initial concerns with the mbti were that at some points it could be sort of like barnum statements . these are all very interesting and insightful perspectives . much to learn from . i'm thankful to each and every one of you and am still hoping to hear more insights . to add to the conversation : i'm ... i've noticed that there are occasions when same type people differ like day and night . for example i have 3 infj friends and their interests , lifestyles , activities and behavior overall differ ... have you gotten any closer or designed any theories about the cause , triggers and whatnot ? yo mate ! i'm new here to and i've got to tell you its highly likely you'll enjoy your stay . you said you're interested in psychology . which fields of psychology ? x93it is known that there are an infinite number of worlds , simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in . however , not every one of them is inhabited . therefore , there must be ... one amongst many . as another corollary , science is not a religion , just because you're an atheist doesn't mean you need to make it one . science does not explain everything , it's not supposed to , ... hello there , fellow mbti enthusiasts ! been here a few days . wrote here and there and decided to say hi . so my name is matas . i'm from the narrow continents of the republic of lithuania . i ... name : matas sign : libra type : intj age : 22 can you explain how are you going to confirm or deny whether astrology can affect your personality or not ? bahburah how long it take you to figure out your functions and then all the rest ? thank you , absyrd 2 ! these are some great resources and hints . i'll definitely analyse them . tanstaafl 28 thank you for all the great material and insights ! this really proves useful ! though i'm curious to ask ... while certain brain area's light up when we respond to certain stimuli , why do ... tanstaafl 28 i know there's 16 types lol , that was my point , i lost the interest after 15 and learning forward was just impossible :[ and yes , i ordered both please understand me , i've seen ... thank you ! this is useful . i can see how this may help in many situations . after you establish these points , do you apply the system in more depth ? that's a rather hard thing to put to words .. to make it simple - to understand why is the person the way he is and to communicate with him more efficiently . to recognise what behavior he's more prone ... yes , the functions go first , although how do you know how to describe the people you ' investigate ' ? i'm more concerned with the descriptions of a type when you get the functions together . having gradually rise through the palette of various genres ( from rock to metal to industrial to melodic death metal ) i've ended up at the core category now . metalcore / hardcore / deathcore . so ... heya there ! since mbti enthusiasts and the like hang out around these lands i was meaning to ask a question . what would be the fastest and most efficient way to learn mbti ? also , how did you ... '