' i tried to learn to play guitar fluently for years until i just gave up , what a screwed up instrument , any picked note besides the open strings is more or less out of tune . if i had the money i'd buy ... if you're gonna do it then just do it and be done with it . if you don't wanna do it we can talk about it . 1 . live life . 2 . have an accident . 3 . ? ? ? 4 . profit . edit : or what she said ... makes you wonder of life when an accident can result in more success than a deliberate choice might have ... listening to some djent style metal songs for the first time has been a very amusing experience for me . it's the simultaneous feel of me liking it despite it having an odd rhythm and sounding quite ... either she has a problem or the other person deserved it , most likely a bit of both . analyzing the context would help determine the situation . maybe i should reconsider ... the intj looks at his own species and hangs his head in shame . what's this based on ? children growing up having to wait for their birthday at a perceived early or late time in the year ? i've born on january 10 which is pretty early on but might as well be ... amusingly enough i've just recently had the idea of making a thread called : excluding interactions with other people , what makes life worth living ? but i guess you kind of beat me to it :D if this is not a rather lame meta sarcasm on the halp ! does intj like me ? ! threads then i don't know what is . my sarcasm-o-meter is giving a reading ... but in the future i would recommend instead of swallowing anymore negative energies , kick-boxing , for the belly is not to be used for long term storage of ... i've never really been able to focus on meditation , it just seems like there's too much noise , not outside necessarily but inside my head so to speak , that or my body just feels uncomfortable holding ... i find the idea of the first step , creating a reason for not being there , a bit flawed , because then you have a reason to not be at the party . so you don't go to the party ... i've no idea , i have never even tasted alcohol . i have never induced intoxication of any sort on myself , apart from caffeine and sleep deprivation , if that counts . unfortunately wearing industrial level hearing protection in a supermarket , in order to not hear the annoying christmas music is not a very practical option ... i don't consider christmas to be a ... other limbs are available . i'm interested who you will punch when time kills you ... ? look ! i have no interest in killing people , but i'm just going to say , you're all going to die . i hate water . it dries my skin too much . i don't like to swim in the nature and pools generally have too much chlorine or something like that in them . i could perhaps see myself swimming in a private ... if you say shut up to a person small talking you , they will be offended . if you don't hello anyone in the morning at school / work , they think you're having a bad day . hi pc , i was here a while back but i stopped posting because i didn't feel like i really had anything much to share , also i don't feel like sitting in a personality defined box is a very constructive ... so you ride to places with the power of imagination ? cause that thing looks like it doesn't move under its own power ... wow , that's pretty cool :D i'm afraid mine is all standard apart from a ... summer is almost here , so this will be my face from now on , when i'll leave the house . 69639 and this will be the transportation of choice . 69640 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2Kj067-lY8 no need to thank me . ... wouldn't it be pretty cold if we couldn't feel the sunlight ? unless you're talking about light affecting emotions , which also happens , with peoples moods goind up and down on rainy vs . sunny ... i'm perfecting the zen of not giving a fuck . when i'm working and things are going well and as i've planned , my movement is part walking , running and dancing . it must look pretty silly ... http://i.imgur.com/Bc0Zuq1.jpg i always describe the default state of myself as gray , not particularly colorful , but not dark either . it means that there are no feelings coloring up my decision making , and i can think clearly ... the growth of facial hair and a man shouting in the cave of his mind . it's only 9 am and i've already learned so many new things . firstly , the best way to wake up in the morning is to burn your hand on the coffee maker and then run cold water on the burn . secondly , ... http://vip.aersia.net/vip.swf various videogame soundtrack bits , it's a flash thingy that plays in your browser . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6VSTPranO4 compared to this our schools cnc machine is as precice as a hammer :D your body geometry intrigues me . cue circle-jer ... hug ? i haven't had a real hug in a few years , how about that . not knowing when to shut up , when there is nothing useful to be said is stupid . if people could get this the world could be such a nice and quiet place . asking stupid questions however is okay , ... i wish natural selection could take care of those people . i suppose it's a bit difficult to get a crush on somebody who lives in a cave and is never seen or heard from ... all that seems overly complicated , my strategy has always been more mammoth tanks ! and i don't see why that wouldn't work here . it's also inconvenient when somebody asks you something and you have to spend a minute clearing your throat to get some words out . that happens daily ... so it doesn't even matter if you fill the coffee maker with salt ? too bad ... so time to set in motion all the inconspicuous pranks on the people who have annoyed you in some way ? i sure don't care about religion or any of their nonsense , but i like having their holidays . 4 day weekend starting now ! i will somewhat disagree with this . because i think getting more information is always better . if somebody who is more experienced than me in something , say a teacher , tells me how to do a task , i ... i don't know , why ask me ? i don't do that , i just hate the noise those things make . when i'll get my own microwave i will open that thing up and disconnect the beeper , cause that thing is fucking annoying . but i have no stance on the button pressing , i just focus on getting the ... this is the kind of shit that happends when people don't use toilets - . ^ it works , i saw it the first thing when i got here . and now i'll leave . '