' i agree with the above . don't go into something that'll make you miserable ; there's no point . work doesn't necessarily have to be a minus . work can serve as a springboard for personal growth . i'd recommend looking into a field that you enjoy ( linguistics , perhaps ? ) and going into consulting . consulting is really great for xntps , i think , as it requires on the fly problem solving in ... well , that's what i was going for , so that's cool . that actually isn't the whole thing ; i couldn't get a good pic of the full page . here are a couple of other pictures showing the rest : 557490 ... yeah ? i always have trouble judging anything that i make , so i'm happy to have a positive comment . it's like , when i make something , i always miss the forest for the trees ; i can see everything ... i got stressed , so i drew trump in a sombrero . i'm less stressed now . 557362 my scanner isn't working at the moment , and i haven't drawn anything for quite some time , so don't judge me too ... i get this , particularly when i post front facing pictures . at the moment , i can grow a fully connected chin strap , so that's what i do . it looks fine if i'm not facing you dead on . is it great ? ... got a haircut after having my hair long for years . i'm still trying to figure out how to wear it ; i've got it too spiked in this one . 546402 drunk parrot so , you're an entp , and i'm an entp . you're a type 7 , but am i a type 7 ? or am i a type 3 ? i'm conflicted . i've gotten 3s and 7s on various tests , but i suspect that being an entp ... i just want to say that both of the posts before this one were , apparently , done at exactly the same time on different days . the first picture , and the post counts , make me suspect a very subtle ... i spend a lot of my time lately hanging out with this neglected kid in my neighborhood . he's so smart , and it's so unfortunate , because i know that intelligence won't help him out of what he's in ... this . i don't know about y'all , but i get a huge rush when knocking a bully down a few pegs . like , it gives me a reason to maximize the wit , the snark and the intellect , all for the greater good . it's fun ... rock on ! not yet though ... i need to get my speaking a little bit straight first . i'm currently using a combination of duolingo and memrise to learn vocab , and soon i'll start consuming more media : ... i think i need to finish reading all of robert greene's work before i can do that . maybe your guide can help me do that ! .. and learn spanish ... and continue developing my moral system ... and apply to ... oh , i'm completely joking . the scenario itself wouldn't apply , because i'd totally convince everyone to follow my plan anyway , but the overall concept completely applies ; working with people that you ... woah , solid post ! i especially like the advise in chapters 1 and 2 . chapter 3 isn't that applicable , because i happen to be extremely charming . : wink : i love stuff like yiruma and einaudi , but i've been yelled at for calling that classical music in the past . : unsure : it's apparently new age according to many of the snobbiest fans of classical ... that depends on how you define win . people aren't very rational , i've found , and tend to think that they're right even after their arguments lay in shambles . i myself define winning as convincing ... oh , sure , i just decided to make a quick post from a pantheistic perspective ; i'm well aware of its flaws in a literal sense , though it's still excellent metaphorical material that appeals to the ... yeah , that piece has a good pulse , but it's one i'm familiar with . mars , the bringer of war is in my when i take over the world folder on my pc . i've been in a cheerier mood lately though , and ... there is no god , but god is everything . derange at 170 yep , i went ahead and skipped to the 5 minute mark in the initial terry riley piece you posted , and it does pick up . that's some awesome stuff . part of the reason i didn't get into ... i found this concerning , considering my tendency to jump from topic to topic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTL9tm7S1Io see , i like minimalism like this , but i generally prefer things with more of a pulse . perhaps i just need to dig deeper into some minimalist artists and stop being lazy ? there's just a lot to go ... does anyone here enjoy classical music ? i've tried time and time again to find pieces that i enjoy , and the closest i've come to that is some baroque stuff , specifically scarlatti , but i don't really ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc_ggYg906o i'm convinced that meditation , specifically focused attention meditation , is essential for entps and enfps specifically , and perhaps even esxps and ixxps as well . being able to fully focus on ... i would argue that the mind is the hand guiding the stream . sometimes , the stream is too much for the hand to bear , other times , it's easy to guide . sometimes the hand has tools , other times the hand ... exactly . that's actually why i've been looking for music lately . baroness is giving me a kind of contented feeling , while simultaneously fueling my ambition ; it's like i feel at peace , but know that ... yeah , music triggers sentiment in me in a strange way . i can usually tell what music will end up doing this to me , depending on where i'm at . like , right now , i've been listening to a lot of baroness ... wait ... why was your rice pink ? let me google that for you can someone tell me what's going on here ? are you sure they're that dull ? i mean , doesn't it go both ways ? your interests just happen not to align with theirs ; if your goal is to expand the conversation , just aim to do their more interesting ... i was listening to the real mckenzies and youtube decided to recommend me this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE_tYrTA6QA it's apparently an irish post-rock band . i don't know why i'm liking ... i don't know , but i'd guess that you're an enfp or an infp . if you'd like me to extrapolate , i will , but tell me , does the shoe fit ? i love how the what pisses off intps ? thread is just another multi-topic debate thread . does this mean that debating pisses off intps ? looking for new music , and i came across this . i'm liking it so far . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tZ_uwDlmPY i'm an entp , but whatever . close enough am i right ? i'm white , a u . s . resident , but i grew up in a predominantly black setting . all of my friends were black , i wrote raps with my friends , i ... some kind of nf . i'll take a stab and say infp , but i doubt that's right . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDq359wuszY huh , i don't really relate with being unable to find good educational material , so perhaps my recs will fall flat . in any case , here is what i've got : social psych / manipulation / sales the social ... xsxjs in positions of authority can be absolutely hellish . rigid rules , detailed requirements , tight schedules , they tend to leave no room for creativity . well , it'll depend on the stranger of course . if i find someone interesting , i try to create parlay by revealing personal details and attempting to feed their interests . the end game when doing this ... is he breathing ? 34/36 one that i missed was a real puzzler , but i feel like i would've gotten the other if i would've thought about it a bit more ; both were young women . i used a mix of process of elimination , ... i was the stoner that showed up when half of the day was already over yet somehow managed to be one of the smartest people in the ap classes that i took . i also hung out with the ' hood kids and did ... i love these : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWvBxIEgL44 so , i was walking out of the college , fresh off of a charge from conversing with people and doing an excellent presentation ( extroversion , woot woot ) , and i decided to say hey to this random old ... i have killa'yak disease . eating humans disrupts my digestion . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8tzl38NNFIU/ToQv_wf-UBI/AAAW4/I6ou-WCr-tY/s400/Sketch+2011-09-29+08_03_25.png you guys are still cannibals ? i'm on a human free diet . '