' what's happening in your mind ? what goes on up there ? cats and bad philosophy mainly , but thanks for making me sound so mysterious .. infp : invisibility ! / cries moody white girl - you won't last 2 pages ( oh gosh i can't help thanking all of these posts because they're all so cute and i don't want any of the little kitties to feel sad : o ) anyway , this is my primrose 395682 here she is in ... meals uhh ... willy wonka and the chocolate factory ! ! ! : tongue : just watched this classic again last night :) maria is definitely an enfp and i do like istj for captain ... complete oppisites haha xd anyway , the baroness i think is an estj . uncle max is almost ... when you try your hardest to teach yourself how to yawn without opening your mouth or making a sound so as to not offend anyone when they're talking to you ( because you find smalltalk incredibly ... crack tired white hahaha i was just thinking about that xd well will-o'-wisp , i didn't know much about them but i thought i'd look up some facts to share . and now , i have come to the conclusion that axolotls are indeed pokemon . i mean , they have the ... sheen eeep i never realised those bugs had names - - i just called them those ' bally thingys ' or ' whoorlies ' ' ... woodlouse is not a very cute name for such a cute little bug ... :( anyway , who here likes ... cream tears tired might no no no ... i hate today's form of economy . i hate capitalism ... although it sounds good in theory , it has caused the world to be run by greedy , greasy , fat men who have no inhibitions to selling a ... shirt steak ! cents i live in constant fear of conflict . 90 % of the threads i start i don't look at after people have replied because i'm scared someone will disagree with me > ~ < every interaction , every little ... to quote my mother , i ' couldn't flirt my way out of a paper bag . ' plant absolutely nothing . i have headphones on but i'm too lazy to actually put music on . #thehardlife tears do you ever catch yourself in the middle of a train of thought and realise you're referring to yourself in second or third person ? like : ' ah , you really think that's a good movie , don't you ? ' or ... kites nope . i use my mad acting skills . haha , just joking . when i'm planning a lie i just visualise what and how i would say it if it were the truth , and go from there . i'm actually a pretty good ... ah yes . and to add to that , when you start a new video game and decide ' okay , i'm gona be a badass in this one ' and then you talk to your first ai ... and you can't even bring yourself to make your ... dreamcatcher by the way i love the idea of this thread ! ! ! anyway , this one's from northanger abbey ( jane austen ) , and this little passage just reminded me of us fi doms : kitteh : ( for ... these days being different is trendy , so an intj , being one of the rarest types , would be a very trendy thing indeed . i'm not sure if anyone's actually pretending to be an intj on here , though ... ready actually i just became a vegetarian last week ! it's so weird to call myself that now ... hmmm ... anyway , i've always wanted to be one , and i just finished my research about dietry requirements , ... horse ! ! ! ( so excited--one of my fav animals ! ! ! yayyy ! ! ! ) puns ! puns ! give me puns ! ! ! i don't mind . in fact , i kinda take any observation on my character as a compliment , even when normally that observation is ' quietly cute . ' it's like , ' oh , you noticed me ! ! ' i know it's probably ... d ... 308826 downton tabby . cores ah , it might be weird , but fingers . i like watching people's fingers when they pose or do things . hmm ... also , when guys wear black skinny jeans , i just can't resist ... alright thought of one . it's heavily argued , but in the anime bleach , the main guy , ichigo , could be an infp , and the main girl , rukia , could be an intp . there they are there 302322 ooohhh i'll be following this one as i wonder the same thing kinda often ! ! ! hmmm ... there's gotta be more out there ... maybe cop shows or something ... hmmm ... * puts thinking cap on * trout sport exact sieve vices slave '