' infj here , 1w2 . my favourite used to be donatello , but as i got older and grew into my personality , i like leonardo the best , because i relate to him most . my theory is ... leonardo - infj ( could ... one of the reasons i'm interested in becoming a police officer and negotiator for a swat team is the chance to show the bad guy empathy , and help him / her change his / her ways . maybe , but then we're both crazy . i used to try my best to be ambidextrous so my left hand would not feel sad and neglected . and i always eat in even numbers - four carrots , four cucumber slices , ... when your therapist tells you that you have a very unique mind ... 59545 when you have a very strong moral conviction about a certain topic , with a stance that is often misunderstood because it is nor the norm ( mine right now has to do with my recently becoming a vegan - ... i completely understand . i personally believe human beings ( as an animal species ) to be inherently evil . doesn't mean i think everyone's bad . i think we all can transcend those tendencies , but ... so true ! in high school , my grades were very mediocre , but now studying for my psychology degree , i've been in the honor roll both years so far . the different styles of learning are so different . ... those are all right . the tricky thing with hal , though , is he is the most popular green lantern , the one who has been introduced and reintroduced the most . the new hal jordan in the new 52 seems to ... superman - infj batman - intj or entp flash - infp ( barry allen ) , esfp ( wally west ) wonder woman - esfj or isfj martian manhunter - intp cyborg - istp aquaman - entj green lantern - esfp that's why i love my enfp girlfriend . we can just look at each other and know what the other is feeling . telepathy rocks . and are you sure telepathy does not exist yet ? you may be capable ... * sniff-sniff * you understand ! : happy : more like all the time ... i'm not sure . i'm a second-year psychology student , but i still feel so compelled to attribute to some kind of psychic connection with nature . maybe we could look more into it ? extrasensory ... yes ! that's exactly it ! whenever i'm going to class ( it takes me 45 mins to an hour to get to the university ) , i always try to give myself an hour , but then something else comes up , or i forget ... question for fellow infjs : have you ever had prescient / precognitive dreams ? possibly something incredibly insignificant , or very monumental ? you're a j for sure . i ; m a j , but i'm always a little late . i get caught up in my own thoughts , i move at a slower pace , then i frantically rush to my destination . if you care about deadlines , ... all . the . frickin ' . time . stereotypes can be funny . i used to get a lot of crap when i was younger because i have an identical twin brother . i always was given little recognition and fewer opportunities because i was a ... thanks for the clearing that up . : happy : i am sorry about your experience , and i mean that sincerely , because i know that's the dark side of the infj . we believe we see things that others don't , and ... until he extends the circle of his compassion to all living things , man will not himself find peace . — albert schweitzer , french philosopher , physician , and musician ( nobel 1952 ) what you said was perfect . just beautiful and true . as for the suffering of animals , i'm a vegan . meat , dairy , eggs , even honey are obtained by using other species of animals ( yes , we often ... yes ! ! ! absolutely ! it seems like the infjs metacognition has a metacognitive component in itself . thoughts analyzing thoughts analyzing thoughts analyzing thoughts ... it never ends ! ( but i'm ... i've been dating a girl for 2 months ( enfp or entp , not sure yet ) . i saw her in one of my night lectures , and according to her friend , i looked over at her about 30 times during that ... yeah . sometimes it's hard to tell if you're having a depressive episode or some infj time . yes ! ! ! i cannot begin to comprehend why people are so insistent about drinking alcohol . it's a drug . it loosens your inhibitions , and sets you up for regret . people get drunk because they can't ... my girlfriend keep telling me that i don't love her , but love who i want her to be . i really don't believe it's that simple . he goes out drinking and clubbing , and she's reckless , impulsive . and i ... goodness , the power music has . it has that ability to just consume the listener . everything becomes known , feelings become cognitions and cognitions become feelings . it's as if every single note ... have you looked into david keirsey's temperament theory at all ? he describes not using the traits ( the letters ) , but more broad , holistic scales of attributes . infj , intj , istj , and istp are all in ... things are better now , though . i'm not saying i'm happy about it , but the way she was telling me about the regret she feels , how she wants to start fresh , move on from her past and be different ; i ... yeah , it's such a dilemma , isn't it ? as infjs , we can use our ni to see where things will lead , and when you know it will be destructive to themselves or other people , you want to change it . and ... you know you're an infj when your girlfriend is not a virgin , you are ( for reasons to do with personal / moral values ) , and as much as you want to be okay with that , the thought of her screwing some ... you know you're an infj when , each time you post in this thread , you say ( or at least think to yourself ) , this may just apply to me , but ... , only to find out it's more common of infjs than you ... yeah , those doubts creep in . you think hmmm , i'm pretty sure i'm an infj , i do consider myself rare and empathetic . but maybe that's just because i got infj as my result once . maybe everything i ... i've been dating someone for the past few weeks . she's a year older , was engaged to someone last year , and maybe still a little wounded from that relationship . we were standing under the moonlight , ... when you walk through life half-paying attention . the reality bores you , and so you feel constantly disconnected from yourself , as your body stays here , while your mind soars to the ends of the ... i know exactly what you mean . and the way you worded it didn't have any sign of arrogance at all . it's just as confusion , right ? i moved to a new university to start a co-op program in psychology ... i do think some people still missed the point of the thread , but what you're saying makes a lot of sense . that sort of wish-fullfilment for a power to manifest from the core of one's bring , is that ... first of all , i want to say , , that this is an amazing thread , loved reading every post . in sci-fi involving superpowers , nobody picks their powers , that would never happen , at least in ... these points all really hit home . scientists talk about mirror neurons , and how all of us possess empathy , but i think that's bullcrap . most people are just so selfish , never putting themselves in ... that scene was so touching . but of course , you do know that we don't need more distance , right ? for if we lacked that empathy , that intimacy with others , we'd essentially cease to be what we are . holy crap . this is kind of freaky . i've been watching heroes reruns on netflix the past 3 weeks . granted , i watched every episode as it aired , and most twice already . my all time favourite show ... i consider myself a christian , because i believe in god undoubtedly , and the way i understand god , the source of all things good , is the trinity . it's not because i was raised this way . this belief ... i started a new job at a bakery of a grocery store , to work through college . i seem very hyper , and people tell me i'm very enthusiastic . in a seminar for my co-op placement in school , the lecturer ... yeah , i know that feeling . i always wanted to look up to my father , but i can't . honestly , superman is my hero , as cheesy as it sounds . or any superhero i see . they sacrifice themselves for their ... absolutely ! ! ! if i accidentally step on a snail , i mourn , and sometimes come close to crying . so i understand where you're coming from . hahahahah ! yes ! but ... what about if this person is ... so i'm not the only one who sees these ? i wonder how it occurs . i wonder what would happen if we try to thank their posts , or send them friend requests . : tongue : i was always against facebook . at one point , people learned not to even use the word around me , and some would call it book of the face . but last year , when i got into my undergrad studies , i got ... just had a mini verbal fight with my dad . told him she should stop drinking so much , and he tells me to not lecture him , which always gets me mad . came here to see that other people understand how ... i read this , and i thought to myself hmm ... seems a little bizarre , and then i did just that . i was looking around my kitchen without moving my head , and moved my head only to visually fix onto ... '