' i honestly couldn't even tell you , we just do . > . < we cope with adversity better when we confront our emotions as opposed to sweeping them under the rug . thinker types operate better when they have their feelings out of the equation , but with us it ... because it works for us ? infps never move on bud . brooding is to the infp as watching nova is to the intp ; it's just how we roll . : i appear as an e to the outside but i'm a strong i . the whole outgoing thing is a mask we wear to make people happy , it's not how we are inside . fake it till you make it , you know ? it's the estps that really come across as just angry people to me ; that being said the istp certainly has an elevated capacity to scare off the infp . the simple fact of the matter is that infps are ... istps have a unique way about themselves that i respect even though we don't usually see eye to eye in the end . istps should try to avoid being angry or judgemental around infps because we care ... how do you , dear infp , decorate your living space / house ? i have posters of musicians i like around my dorm . i like also having all my geeky stuff around where i live so i have easy access to it ... you don't want to scare them off so i think it's important that you can't be too direct . when dealing with a sensor it's better to give big hints . they pick up what you're dropping ... hm , i don't typically go berserk . most of the time when someone upsets me i'm not angry , but rather hurt . normally when someone tries to threaten me in some way , i don't take it seriously or i ... enjoy your stay as the first occupant of my ignore list . my faith in you was clearly mistaken . :) when did i ever state that thinkers lack the capacity to be compassionate towards other ? you need to take a step back and calm down . you're making false assumptions about what i do and ... i define loyalty as exhibiting allegiance to a person , group of people , or idea . and to be frank all you have done was simply tacitly disagree with my perspective rather then providing reasons of ... stop speaking down to me . perhaps you should read through the tone of your responses and you will see your own rudeness . you assume i'm ignorant and have no self-awareness . feelings are affected ... with pleasure : here is another thing that i take issue with i've never met a feeler who felt this way ; moreover , you are probably not a feeler at all . feelers by their nature make ... your general statement that we are all biased , selfish , or untrustworthy is typist and more importantly false . you exhibit a gross misunderstanding of fi ; i highly recommend you do actual ... most infps are extremely loyal to friends and family ; you just have to look around and meet more of us to get that ... yesh > 3 > i date men and watch my little pony , ii don't know what breaks traditional gender roles more then that haha xd we are the deepest feelers of all the nfs , so when we love someone , we really love someone . when we are happy , we are really happy . when we feel hurt by someone we trusted we are broken . how ... my bias is not bias as in bigotry and prejudice , but rather favoritism . it's an important distinction . the same could be asked of men . the problem is these monosexuals who are so enamored by physical attraction of a certain gender that they don't have the perspective to step back and say , hey , you ... * hugs enfp * it's ok , he prolly isn't into you : 3 http://th05.deviantart.net/fs71/PRE/f/2011/161/0/2/keep_calm_and_gallop_on_by_wolfjedisamuel-d3ij7qa.jpg i think the link you posted describes it fairly well . it's mostly my sensitivity to criticism that gives me a knee-jerk reaction to being told that i can be selfish , but it's true at times . i ... i think most infps pretty much ignore gender roles . i say fuck em ' : i think i peed a little ; - ; no , we struggle assessing a situation impartially . infps as friends are actually among the most caring and loyal types out there . say for example i am close friends with you and you tell me that ... oh lol xd you're welcome , did you draw it yourself ? mommy the intj is scaring me again ; - ; that's just my gut . not meant to be a statement of absolute fact . : i think she's a ixtx , prolly a j type also . they're almost no way in hell she's a feeler . intps can be very boring to hang out with ... they never talk and when they do it's about particle physics and sh * t . uggg ( i jest though i love intp ) he's so cute you just wanna pinch his cheeks . gah xd i also loves your avatar btw angel statues will never be the same ; - ; hm , due to the fact that you are so introverted it's hard for me to put my finger on it . i'm definitely getting a intj kind of feel , but i think it's hard to say . you could also be an intp . you ... yesh : 3 * hugies * : 3 ahhh D: * hides * * huggies * yay ^ ^ i love tom hiddleston <3 33 its ok xd i'm just happy to get some recognition ^ ^ we are future-oriented to a point ; we aren't judgers . we don't organize for deadlines well . we do make decisions in the heat of the moment and do things at the last minute . we also have a vision ... i'm not a fan of that t vs f tests ; it spat out thinker because i'm an fi dom . :P here are some questions that might help us figure this out : what do you like to do for fun ? how do you handle deadlines ? how organized are you ? someone says something you so strongly ... yeah , we're very skittish and it's really easy for us to get scared off . believe it or not under our often weak looking exterior we are quite judgmental until we let people in . a lot of types do ... you know you're an intp when you watch nova for shits and giggles . intjs scare me ; sware to god . we are not fit for eachother > _ > those enfjs doe xd it's spelled brony > / / < lol enfjs are the reason why i'm still on this planet ; true story . group hug ! :D ... i'd date an infj guy ; im not picky ... '