' i'm exactly the same way ; 2-3 friends i would hang out with regularly , 1 really close friend , and a lot of people who i could be closer to if i wanted to be . ( i say would b / c i just moved and i'm ... try not actively ' thinking ' about it for a bit ? in the town i'm from ... ( i start a lot of vents off this way ... ) psychology 101 at the local community college consisted solely of watching the entire series of men are from mars , women are ... a whole lot of people liked the movie , and i could go into great detail about the plot and underlying messages but i lack the interest or motivation to do so . maybe it's people's unwillingness ... hey now , don't put words in my mouth ... if everyone liked it , it wouldn't be so great ... i say i'm sorry , because i don't want to hurt other people ... and sometimes i don't know how what i am going to say is going to affect them , so i say ' sorry ' to try to cover my bases . i do it all the time , squirrely : cool : idk , sorry . i'm working on opening up to people , thank you so much for that . if you want to attack people that you don't know , i suggest you do it away from here as well . haha ... i was joking . the opposite of disorder is order ... i was saying there's nothing wrong with me . now i'm regretting even making this thread . sometimes i just like to get stuff off my chest ; i ... grrr ... well , i've never heard of that - - thanks for the heads up , captain . edit : if there's a reverse avoidant attachment disorder , that would be more close . i am just more careful now . i'm scared as hell . i accidentally have you wrapped around my finger ... now what do you want me to do ? flick you off ? my cube was huge and made out of water , the ladder is propped against it and runs the entire length of the cube . the horse is running towards me , and the flowers cover the entire desert floor ( that's ... from britain ... yeah , not so much . ' cause i'm an isfj ... i like to have someone to take care of : wink : so , something i've been hearing frequently is how much guys like independent girls ... being one , i can tell you all is not rainbows and sunshine . when you know how to erect walls to take care and ... glock i wasn't really talking about blood and guts ... i had a business agreement with someone , and they reneged on their part of the deal . now he's demanding something i can't give him without putting ... have you ever been in a position where no matter what option you took , the only outcome for everyone is the absolute worst ? i'm not talking about a slow , dramatic ending like hamlet or the story of ... it will get better , and it won't feel so foreign anymore . i am so happy for you . now i suggest you get some sleep , before you get overwhelmed . yay ! ! ! you don't need a reason ... just let it go . try not to be so hard on yourself why would that make you want to write less ? no one cares if you make a mistake ... even if people give you a rough time about it , that's because of their own insecurities .   ... look at all my mistakes ... you obviously have a lot of people rooting for you , school - - just thought that needed to be pointed out . no , no ... it wasn't you - - it was fern . your english is better than most americans i know , btw . grrr ... ( practicing anger control now ... ) moonious , i can't say exactly how to meditate , because i believe it's a different experience for everyone . i do know that you don't have to sit cross-legged and chanting . all you have to do is be ... not cool . keep me updated , missy . screw it ... i was diagnosed with anorexia at 13 . by 15 i had visited the local psych facility twice , for one long week each time . i left there with bulimia that i struggled with until i was 23 . 10 ... school , i do understand - - it's a shame i don't think i'll be able to convince you it will help . the only thing that would change that is if you wholeheartedly tried , without the presumption it's not ... please , please , please ... do not suppress your thoughts / emotions . they will come back with a vengeance . meditating is about accepting what you feel / think , and then letting it go . that's it - - ... ummm ... that's not the type of meditating i had in mind . ok , first we'll start with being mindful . all you have to do is be there , with full attention to the moment you are in now . not how ... that's the reason for your avoidance right there . i sincerely think practicing mindfulness , and then even meditating will help you . in silence we hear the truth and find the answers . well , get out there and go kick some butt ... : happy : i tend to believe that people do the best they can ... yes , some people may find this inspirational - - but there's a huge potential for demotivation . if you tell people that they aren't doing ... you get hungry , tired , feel pain , etc ... right ? that's your body . the one your brain is stuck in . is there a reason you don't want to accept that ? i suggest studying mindfulness ... then ... someone mentioned this poem in the comments at the bottom of the article , and i think it's quite appropriate ... if you can't be a pine on the top of the hill , be a scrub in the valley-but be ... i know exactly how you feel - - i've been in the same boat for 4 months now . all i can say is , it might get worse . but , everyone goes through highs and lows and you need to remind yourself that ... i ( isfj ) would find the person i felt was the weakest and act as their defender ... i would probably die first , because they'd stab me in the back before i knew what was happening . are you sure him being withdrawn sometimes isn't just because he's introverted ? sometimes pursuing a relationship can seem daunting - - especially if he's had bad experiences in the past . what happened to oxytocin ? 139545 yes ! ! it is more comfortable , isn't it :p roud : pucca , that's what my conclusion was ... your thoughts on why this is ? 138297 '