' hey queen , welcome back ! yes to this ! ! my intj coworker is my favorite for those same reasons . also , my old estp roommate and i would have killed each other if not for the intj next door . : tongue : i appreciate it . =) best of luck with your findings . actually , i've never been able to pick one over the other , that's why i took the test in the first place . so now what ? can't i be both ? i took the inventory quiz and i scored combo of visual and auditory . ( 6 on visual , 6 on auditory , 4 on kinesthetic ) there's not a poll option for ties ... no , it's just that we did this already . =) you guys should really check out the intj and entj comments . hilarious . i would like to chose them all , alas . ( are these exclusive choices ? ) if it has to be three , i choose federalists + liberalists + academists . government for order and maintenance , rights for ... i cannot agree more . i've only cut two people from my life , and they were cut because i cared too much and got burned . i cut to protect myself from further hurt . if i honestly don't care about ... i'm disgusted that you made an experiment with someone's feelings and life . you say you care about her , yet you willingly manipulate her emotional state . clarification purposes . =) if you don't mind saying , what did she do or say ? tell me , are you difficult to frighten or intimidate ? learned , huh ? she was the first introvert i lived with , so it took some time for me to figure out how to read her . in the beginning , i think i steamrolled her with a lot of my decisions because she ... i shared a dorm and an apartment with an infp for two years . we had our differences , but i think we got along well . we never fought and are still good friends to this day . are there any particular ... no , it's very insecure . excuse me , i never once called you a mess . i wrote what a mess . what , not who . as in , what a messy thread . no need for you to so quickly victimize yourself . that's fine . however , please ... haha , we are working and that's the problem . first off , i got to page 9 and this jumped out at me : i nearly quit right there . i'm serious . i got juliarhys's summon and i entered this with the intention of helping . i spent nine pages ... no one's perfect , but it sounds like he's treating you well . you're getting tired of how he naturally acts ? if he never changes , will you still be satisfied with him as a husband ? it ... first off : i second wickedqueen . i was reading the letter and thinking , fine , fine , fine , fine . i got to the last two lines and it turned into , hold up . what ? no . i don't care if he's ... all my cars have been charcoal colored . it's shiny . how could this possibly be a bad sign ? my advice for your situation : if you're a student , your teacher is your client . give your teacher what she wants , not what you want to give . you already said you know the best way to score well ... too late , he might be on her list already . he's certainly on mine for his idiotic comments in this thread . edit : oh , this badly needs clarification . i'm not referring to mnis . ( sorry , nothing ... are you asking because you want one and need a recommendation ? you're in the wrong forum , honey . i only share close , personal connections with a small group of people , and among them there's only a handful who's words can cut me to the core . in the past , they've all been statements about my ... hm , i wonder if bookstores in taiwan or mainland china will have it . i fly there often enough , i'll keep an eye out . =) ah , i liked 47 ronin too ! :D the naked traveler sounds interesting , i'll definitely check out the other books . for a strong ni user ? the little prince by antoine de saint-exupéry . it's a classic , and i haven't met anyone who didn't like it . i'd recommend the other books to estjs : life of pi challenged ... that's how i as an individual think . did i ever say ignore ? my exact words were go out of my way to be concerned and fawn over them . i wouldn't change my normal behavior : there's different levels of familiarity depending on each ... because you can't help it isn't an acceptable answer . if i go out of my way to be concerned and fawn over them in the same way , i'll feel like we're displaying equal amounts of affection . i ... guilty because the relationship is unbalanced , and it's unbalanced on our end . here's a few : you're an animal , viscovitz ! by alessandro boffa it was then that i lost my last certainties . and it is there that i finally found myself . but i didn't recognize me . the life ... i'll laugh at jokes i think are funny . i'll laugh at things i find ironic . i'll laugh at outrageous behavior . i'll laugh at a good comeback . i'm disgusted by physical humor . we're not clones ... estjs and the humor you enjoy ? i'm quite aware , as my father is an entp . practical jokes aside , you'd be surprised how alike our sense of humor is . it's still his stuff though . he probably respects you enough by not messing with your things and expected reciprocity . there is room for fun , but there's a time and place for it . the anger is not from what you took , but that you intruded in his privacy , took something of his and hid it . ( and had the gall to laugh about it ) why were you dicking around in his personal stuff ? she should choose the most well-adjusted , mentally stable one . i don't know the situation , so i'm hesitant to be for or against the estj . do they have similar hobbies ? backgrounds ? ideals ? ethics ? absolutely . i'd want to know exactly how much time i have left . i think i'd roll with it . i'd make sure all the paperwork is in order and talk to everyone i care about . i'd quit my job , maybe travel ... my best friend did . he had a blast playing intramural baseball and basketball . sometimes they'd all go out together and get food after . i don't really do team sports . i golf , jog and do ... kayness , you missed my point . all i'm saying is that your proposed solution is not 100 % guaranteed to work . do i agree with him ? hell no . i love cooking , but if you tell me to get back in the ... unless he notices this sudden passive-aggressive behavior change . good luck with the aftermath , because you will surely need it . don't forget he's got other options , like sending her to cooking ... i'm not an isfj , but i often pulled some out to play . does that count ? finding friends Do: sit next to people you think seem interesting ( and talk to the ones who sit next to you ! ) Do: join ... yes , i did remember . i'm glad you found it helpful ! :D with friends , i equate silence with being distant . if he does speak quality time , it'd be nice to send a few texts every now and then to let ... my love languages are quality time and ( strangely enough ) touch . i'm big on one-on-one interactions because if done right , it's undivided attention . i love giving it , and i love getting it . if i ... he is a product of his environment . my entp father was raised in a time when this was the norm . we are still having discussions ( arguments ) over why i am so resistant to becoming more gentle and ... honey , criticism for revealing clothing at work is not considered ridiculous . you were being unprofessional . here's my reasoning for liking / respecting people with fixed beliefs : they're ... '