' there can be tons of emotional depth . not always easy to access . sometimes still waters run very deep . probably a good idea . why not start a new open-ended project ( not that an intp would ever do that ) and just gradually increase your comfort boundaries ? not just with women , with everyone .  ... when you accept that godel's incompleteness theorem doesn't apply only to numbers . mathematics is a reflection of reality , and reality is as open-ended as mathematics . maybe you're like me , or maybe all introverts are like this : logic and emotion operate more independently than they do in most people . it isn't that one is stronger than the other , it's how they ... i think i get calm both internally and externally . occasionally i've shut down , my brain has just stopped functioning , but that has been more to do with longer term stresses . one thing though , ... typical intp . focused on what's complex and unaware of the obvious . i don't buy much but i do feel that irrational urge sometimes . it's almost as if , on some level , there's a feeling of accomplishment . i do think there's a genetic predisposition to buying stuff . ... so that people who are good at spelling can feel intellectually superior to people who can do things . that's what people don't understand . you realise that everybody else i see is wrong about a lot of things , even things that they're sure of . so that must be true for me too . but people see ... very young ( i'm told ): quiet , content & happy , curious . kindergarten : i remember being content and happy school years : unhappy social misfit , one or two friends . sucked at team sports ( which ... i think i see it pretty well . but i expect that almost everybody thinks they do . if someone is trying to tell you that the earth is flat , they'll think you're refusing to see reality . mbti stresses that all types have their purpose . i don't know , maybe some people are just there to fill out the left side of the normal curve . have to admit , i jump on facebook posts pretty often . ... people talk for the socially contextual information that's embedded in the conversation . for people who aren't particularly hungry for that subtext , the conversation is boring if it doesn't ... aha ! you reminded me of something that really does annoy me ! some people have a pattern of conversation that's extremely disruptive to that internal conversation that's always going on . they ... maybe if you look at it as practise , instead of getting into where your daydreams take you . the only reason extroverts are so comfortable with people is because they are driven to interact with them ... means i enjoy dry humor . and thanks for keeping me on the damn laptop when i have a sunny day to get my yard cleaned up . hate them or lose respect for them . it depends . what about those middle aged idiot poseurs who invest in harley davidsons so they can dress up like outlaw bikers ? a guy who has a decent job , is ... intp fashion : oxymoron fashion is useful to me in some ways though . it's such an obvious flag for shallowness . not that there's anything wrong with having style sense , i can appreciate that ... i don't see intuition as having anything to do with the immediate representation of objects . i see it as a vague awareness , analogous to peripheral vision , but structured more by preconceptions than ... yeah , it's hard to find each other in the flesh . even when we pass on the street , we just pass on the street . does edit not have a delete option ? say hi . you don't have to be cool . if you think about making her feel comfortable instead of focusing of your own discomfort , that will help you . it's like learning to whistle , it's only hard ... i completely get that . although it might be better to follow the golden rule and simply be as straightforward with him as you'd want him to be with you . i don't like it when friends make excuses to ... i experience it as an intrusion . it becomes overwhelming when other people interrupt the semi-conscious free-wheeling that's always happening in the background of my mind . there's a great quote , ... because you haven't developed the skills . same reason you might not sit easily on a horse . living in our imaginations is easier , but it doesn't take us where we want to go . i take it this wasn't a psychology course . i'm actually quite shocked . if i were your parent i'd be suing the school . myers and briggs foundation - ethical use of the mbti instrument - ethics for administering the myers-briggs type indicator what ? ? ? if the results were pubicly displayed i'd refuse to take the test . or as a parent , i'd find another school for my kids . mbti is useful as a means of seeing value in people who operate ... only if you define yourself in other peoples terms . if you're fully yourself , how is it possible to be a failure ? never had that problem . my version of intp-ness is a philosophical / detached observervation point of view . i've condensed part of that into a form that some people seem to find helpful . you've ... for me , that happens when i start something because the planning process is fascinating , but the doing of it doesn ` t hold my attention . examples from my own life : - i mess up woodworking because i ... some of us warm up to it over time . i really need my oxytocin but for a long time i didn't know that . i was married to an ef who i spent most of my energy trying to escape from . she was needy ... true for me . i'm sure there are plenty of men who are smarter , taller , stronger , better looking , more charming , richer and more endowed than i am . out of 7 billion people , i'm pretty sure of it . ... focus : there are a very few things that , when i'm doing them , i'm in the zone . but in general my mind skips around and whatever i'm doing , i start thinking about other things i could do . i tend to ... not a theory , just an observation of a possibility . note that i began with the word maybe . that was to be taken literally , not rhetorically . what made me wonder that was the tone of some of your ... maybe some of your positions are defensive reactions to not having developed that side of your personality yet . with introverts the social ease comes later , just because we're not constantly driven ... nobody can experience their own death . your self is an activity , not a thing . you're the pattern of synaptic activity , not the brain itself . so as long as you exist as an entity , you're alive ... one thing that will be a big help to you if you're not already doing it : when you have something you need for him to hear , structure the conversation like a newspaper story . headline first , ... i wouldn't think of a world government in terms of a single nation , but something new . some way of regulating a world that is increasingly a single interacting entity . i can't see any possiblity of ... interesting that that works for you even though you see through it . maybe i could be less defensive . thanks for that insight . i take offense at that kind of thing . it makes me think that they ... i agree with this . he needs help in areas where he's less effective than you are , but let him lead you , in turn , in the areas where he's stronger . otherwise the relationship is unbalanced , with one ... your analysis is only a starting point . leave her room to be someone a little different than you thought . great question . i can come at it from a few different angles . first , for me , it isn't simply that my reasoning is stronger than my emotions . it's more that they operate independently . so that ... if i came across as condescending i didn't come across properly . i was trying to express my understanding of how things work . i might have read things into your post that you didn't actually say . ... if you're an intp you should have discovered by now that mbti isn't strongly supported by research in the psychology of personality . it's useful in a couple of ways though . it gives us a language ... without some kind of effective world governance , we will self destruct . - corporations are already international in scope , and the largest of them carry more clout than a lot of governments . - we ... i think it's fairly common in general , not only with intps . maybe less so with intps because our unconventionality allows us to see through the posing and disrepect it . i think that trying to be ... the concept of favorites is a bit foreign to me . i don't want everything in my life to be one color , and i don't want all my meals to be the same . i think you need to get this from a study of psychology , not from an intp forum . what functions are impaired in a sociopath ? i think there are some partial answers in neurology . and why the ... i think we get interested in the idea of accomplishing something , without stopping to think about whether or not we really enjoy the process of doing it . so we start all kinds of cool-seeming things ... '