' hang in there man , i know its tempting to think that you have to go through life alone but you don't , keep an eye out for those opportunities to connect . glad you found a friend who gets it . take ... hey im infj male , ive met one other infj male . i'm really interested in mbti and i'm working on being able to get an insight into peoples type via observing their body language . maybe this will help ... look up infj , enneagram tri type 5w4 3w2 9w1 i'd give myself tips on investing on the stock market . build ___ iphone app ( my current occupation .. the idea is still secret ) i would tell myself ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/bedf7f0248b16e05e9423a554320a9fc/tumblr_mucobhOk841rpalgeo1_500.jpg http://37.media.tumblr.com/cc94a668d9ada1c18b784e67bbfccd86/tumblr_n4b5uwgKjw1rpalgeo1_500.jpg was feeling kina angry ( rare that i get this way ) , needed to draw something to express it . hey thats really nice of you , giving is really the most amazing and satisfying way to live and i hope you always have a great capacity to love people sacrificially like that . i find that like you i ... if you have ever seen the tv series person of interest , i think of ni as a bit like the computer in the tv show . the computer constantly observes information and makes connections from the data then ... hey sleepyfox i feel ya , i can kinda relate to your situation because i'm going thru something similar right now . my advice would be to help transition the relationship to something that works for ... hey yeah i'm the same way . maybe also for the same reasons , im not sure .. i like music or films that aims to explore / express the human experience in a way that feels genuine . i think about life ... check out the director terrence malick , they say he is an infj . these are a few of his films that i love . the new world tree of life to the wonder the thin red line this is something i wrote for uni , there were a number of weird writing exercises you could do . i chose the one where you visit a place from the past that holds a ' sense memory ' and write about it ... yeah staring into space , i do that a fair bit . i dissociate when i stare . i wonder if this is why other people do it too ? yep , some of my friends nic named me gandalf hey sup , thanks for the reply . good point about the chocolate thing , however dopamine release isn't the underlying issue . the problem is when the dopamine reaction occurs in such a way that it leads ... hey man , hows it going ? just wanted to throw some ideas out there in response to your post . i agree that its irrational to think that watching porn is all of a sudden going to make you lose ... there has been ton's of research into this topic and there is a lot of reading you can do to help form inform your opinion . i find it interesting from a neurological perspective . just google how porn ... i drive a car that was made in 1990 and has done over 400,000 k's , currently my iphone 3 will let me hear other people speak but they cant hear me and only the home button works lol ( ill upgrade soon ... i think we human beings are more than our biology and sex is meant to be a spiritual connection just as much as a physical one . porn is just focused on the physical side and it distorts things . it ... lol yeh man we lightyears away ... oh most pplz here a ni doms so i'm sure they will weave it all together in their subconscious or something to form one big pretty picture or at least find it ... yeah totally valid observations . i agree that there is a connection between between our biology and our perceptions eg emotions / consciousness are linked to neurological stimulation / chemical ... ah yeah thats an interesting scenario .. if you call it a hallucination then you have fit that experience into an objective criteria defined by medical science which would tell you that its an ... yeah man , i updated my post before i read this . its got a bit more of my thoughts in there now . but yeah your right something subjective can be illusionary and vice versa . i just think subjective is ... in interesting perspective miya , i like these kind of abstract discussions . i would say trust is more often subjective rather than illusionary . one could say something similar about love , that it is ... also gelassenheit , i think the argument that you are not infj because you see things a certain way isn't quite accurate . its true that ni takes in a lot of data and views things from multiple ... hey man i got the feeling that this is what you were getting at from the beginning , perhaps some people have misinterpreted what you have been saying . its a good thing to know what you're values are ... rather unusual , i wonder if you have ever experienced dissociation .. if so then i suppose you can appreciate that a little sensitivity at times can seem like quite a refreshment . yeah i feel like a contrasting character . i feel like i am both very human ( vulnerable , emotionally sensitive ) but at the same time much somewhat machine like . i'm not sensitive in the sense that i'm ... if i am in control of my emotion i see it as a good thing . i see emotion and sensitivity like a tool for understanding the world , you notice things like human relationship dynamics / behaviour etc ... why not ! love this song so much http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=4WRe36YjMKc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Su-IudQNMV4 whole hearted worship , gold falling from the sky , god's amazing . man this is the best suggestion i've ever heard ! yeh its weird i feel like there is this push pull thing with conflict and maybe you guys can relate . i love peace and hate conflict , i love to protect peoples dignity and respect their opinions / ... i think the format of internet forums can often encourage narcissistic self involved behaviour and that may manifest in the mbti community since it exists on the internet . its an anonymous ... do you guys ever use your insights into peoples motives , habits , nature etc to deconstruct them in an argument ? like explain to them their own internal patterns of cause and effect , explain to them ... hey yeah i relate to this , often if i'm around conflict and not directly involved i will either find an opportunity to escape the situation or become involved at some point and try to mediate it ... do you start conflict ? avoid it ? mediate it ? end it ? what do you typically do when others are engaged in conflict around you ? what do you typically do when confronted with conflict yourself ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ThKLvoOYAE wow slogo ! guess this thread is just like chillin in space and then you meet a life-form . didn't expect another encounter ! how are you man ? is space a favourite pastime of yours also ? theres a lot of ... hey man that sounds like a tough day / week . hope your ok . anger is a pretty potent emotion , i can relate in that ive had my fare share and not known what to do with it . i think every person has to ... you're it ! you are the something amidst the nothingness . how are you ? i've never met an identified isfj before . i'm curious to know what thats like . so want to see this , i love the sense of atmosphere and imagination miyazaki creates in his films . i cant believe you got the cinema to yourself that's the dream man ! sequence from the thin red line i wonder if this is closer for you mewmew http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkqiWhAxy_Y thanks mewmeu the trailer from to the wonder : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTAzcTZTY1g does something in this reflect you're ideals of love ? what is love ? hey infj's / anyone else who's interested . i'd like to borrow you for a social experiment and see how you respond to a few video's i'm going to post . here is the first of a few to come , they will all ... ... ... ... ... .. ... '