' nah , i would say 8w9 sx / sp . he is a thinker yes , i was never afraid of driving ; i think i have impulsive tendencies and might be a bit of an adrenaline junkie . getting my permit at 15 was very exciting . i wasn't automatically good , but it ... step # 1 : do not let this bother you . it won't change by the time we die . accept that people in our lifetime will judge women more harshly and that will not change . step # 2 : do not let this bother ... pretty sure i'm a 5w6 sx / sp oh man ... can't find keys , keys in pocket . can't find glasses , glasses on head . last week i bought a bike lock , this week the bike lock fell off because i didn't attach it correctly . i once put ... i lived through it , it was hell . psychological torture , i'm still damaged ; i tried to fit in with them . but at least you know about intp , that peace of mind would have saved me loads of torment . just ... my mom is amazing , i adore her . not sure my enthusiasm came out in my post , but that's because there aren't words large enough to describe her . i never lacked for anything growing up , she was ... most definitely ! my mom is enfp and she was very different from all my friends ' moms growing up . she is the definition of social butterfly and seemed most proud when i was out being social ( the very ... for me a lot of it had to do with being sx dominant , i have always desired connection even though intp seeks detachment . so when non-annoying people talk to me i automatically lock in and want to ... yes , exactly . i can still get along with them because i am not awkward and my social skills are supreme , but i don't enjoy being around them anymore . i'm really hard on myself because there's ... i am ( was ? ) the exact same . people don't know me because i hide everything about myself . i used to try to fit in because of my family environment , became so good at the chameleon act i was convinced ... if i believe something to be wrong or questionable , i question it . i have an extremely strong sense of justice , and i refuse to be trampled over or taken advantage of . it simply won't happen , my ... character traits of the female intp ? we're just like the men , i would presume , but maybe we're harder to spot because we're better at being elusive . i don't look like a nerd , never have , i can ... nah , i was brainwashed by my feeler family . as a baby i was forced to socialize , held by every family member while crying like a siren . auntie # 8: i don't think she likes me . enfp mother : just ... sometimes it feels like i don't exist ... read the intp profile again and again ; you'll know you're intp if you really study the cognitive functions and the descriptions for the type . the first time i learned of it was by reading the paul ... yes , i take it you're in college . this is how i felt the first two years , it was incredibly depressing ( i was pretty much miserable ) and then i turned my life around and stopped trying to fit in ... i think an intp would typically know if another was intp , especially if they were in love with them . it's possible an intp female would date a jock ; jock does not necessarily = stupid . i'm sure ... j . k . rowling yep , i feel this way right now in fact . i regret my high school years , like you i slacked off and became a ' rebel ' , but i wasted that time socializing when i should have been learning . if i had been ... i can relate . i'll be 22 in a few months and everything you wrote summarizes my life pretty perfectly . i started out majoring in psychology , then switched to international relations for a few years , ... thank you , for recognizing the horror of the state of texas . i'm pretty sure it's the reason i've been miserable my entire life , why it's nearly impossible to find intelligent friends , why my ... you're not , i'm the same way . i have to detach from my emotions before i can feel them . i rationalize everything and when i feel bad about something i have to go online and research it , seriously i ... knowing that there are other lonely intp's out there cheers me up way more than it should . and estj's are my favorite sj . we sometimes clash , god yes , i think entp + estj clash much more , but at least you guys have strong logic with the dominant te . it's the sfj's that i have to watch out ... yes , growing up in the south has been hell , now i'm in college and it's still hell . the only difference is that in college i can prove to people i'm smart by telling them my gpa . before they know ... people have backed off on hugging me from experience . hugging me is just ... awkward . i can play fake nice , i can smile , laugh , crack jokes , so they think i'm a warm person . but then they give me a ... i am an amazing chameleon , if you saw me you wouldn't think intp . actually , you wouldn't see me at all , i am that good . but yeah , have only met one in real life . saw her for 3 days as my ... it may be easier for you to not see this divide because as an intp you try to see the world in an objective fashion . the majority definitely does not , and sensors are the majority so they believe ... differences : i can't speak for all intp females , obviously , but as a female i am not as confident in being an intellectual as i would be had i been born male . i'm trying to get over this insecurity , ... women have a harder time of it in life , and no this is not an individual case by case study , this is in general . yes , some women have great lives and are happy and some men have terrible lives and ... we are a terribly boring generation . i was just thinking of this today walking around campus ... where's the excitement ? the passion ? what happened to college ? we all heard the stories of how great it ... intp women definitely get forced into behaving more feminine . that's obvious . have you looked at the thread it would suck to be an intp female ? it's 34 pages last time i checked . it does suck , ... a man cannot be comfortable without his own approval . mark twain there's only a difference when you think you're better than others . well , maybe you are , i think some people are better than ... i'm probably more awesome . but i do like her quote . snap . you're a seasoned poster and i rarely sign on here , that must mean i am guilty . or maybe we're just awesome ? it happens sometimes . i am awesome . i just figured this out , so i'm still walking alone after many years of depression . if i had awesome friends i would be set for life i think . but i have no idea how to find these ... when it's like your life is moving in slow motion yet everyone else is speeding along the highway . meh , in texas intps are not considered smart . the other intp ( a male ) i met was convinced he was dumb , i was convinced of that two years ago . it's sad , intelligence is really not respected here ... heh , pretty sure they're champs at washing babies and finding the remote control . now teaching the babies to enjoy reading , on the other hand ... not sure they'll ever manage that . i'm from texas and have hung out with retarded people my whole life ( huge extraverted family ) . my intellect suffered but i take pride in the fact that i am nice to everyone , unless i have a good ... no , i really don't think so . maybe if i had spent my life around intellectual people , but i haven't . quite the opposite . if the guy isn't an intellectual i'm not turned on sexually , it's quite ... that not everyone need a college degree to be taken seriously , it ruins education for the people that deserve to be there . of course , we have talked about this before and you know how i feel ... just wanted to let everyone know intp females aren't this bitchy and blunt , i promise ! i'm not the devil , i thanked that because i think more women need to speak out about this . my family members that were raped do not talk about it . people need to know that it happens more often ... it'll be hard to tell if they fit in or not though . when i see a group of people together i automatically assume they fit in ... i guess i'll keep an eye out for people that seem like me though ... my school has like 10 libraries . fml . what if i don't look like a nerd ? and have never hung out with nerds before ? how do i become nerdier ? should i only wear big t-shirts ? this semester i am determined to make nt friends . are nt ... esfj women are my enemies . i have worked with them when they were my superiors . they have all hated me and i them , okay only 2 in particular were nasty to me . but they were in charge of my work and ... '