' going to bed . i'm too lazy to sleep . intp in the video , 16:04 / 19:02 sums it up how i see it . patriotism , is form of collectivism . and by embracing the implied nationalism that comes with being a patriot , not only are you ... as an intp , i would assume intjs would win . lets be realistic , intjs have te and se . over all , the majority of intjs probably have had more exercise ( therefore more muscle strength ) than the majority ... yes . well put simply , i'm a chaotic good . for example batman ( who is an infj i believe ) , lives by a code . law means nothing to us , doing what's right is all that matters . irrelevant laws can actually ... gender : female hair color : straight cut with overgrown bangs . eye shape : idk , i had to look this up . i guess i have monolid eyes . my eyes are slightly down turned . eye color : hazel ( dark ... now why would i want to do that ? yes ! it's my go-to site for personality info . cause we can fill space when needed . i don't understand really , are you asking a question or is that a statement ? if you were really wondering about where i'm coming from wouldn't your curiosity lead you to want to watch the videos ... you really should actually watch the videos i posted . yup . government's a little bitch . like probably over 10 fish , 5 with the same name . all plants i've ever owned have wilted , so i gave them away . non-aggression principle - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSgUENZ9O94 https://scontent-a-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/t1.0-9/10152648_10154016459990515_1587058805_n.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6fg5IV6KD8 i can relate to this . for me i'll have people think i'm not interested in whatever they've suggested because my body language seems too ... relaxed ; at the time i think i'm showing excitement because ... yes . as far as looks go , you shouldn't have a hard time getting attention from women . with that last sentence , i wonder if that's common for intps ? doubting has prevented me from starting any kind of ... it's a great science lesson though . you don't need a lot of pness , it's what you do with it that counts . i recently found personalityjunkie.com that has described me . edit : i don't know how to explain it . so not so much for me , i'm very intp . i'm sure hormones ( being female and all ) can have an ... i'm an intp and i'm a chaotic good . http://easydamus.com/chaoticgood.html these characters are basically good , but tend to be selfish and maybe a bit greedy . they tend to hold personal freedom ... i don't know antman , but i'm obsessed with batman and what he represents . always be batman . i don't care . let them do whatever they want to me . yup , pretty much that . i haven't seen my friend in weeks ... 2 months ? something like that . i just have isolated myself and it's gotten worse too . i've had a lot on my mind . i have so much i have to do , yeah ... sure i have ... i don't talk or get along with many people . my close and only friend is an entj , so that's what i put . i don't get along with all entjs though . i get along with anyone that is open minded and willing ... maid service my second job , i had to get a job in order to live at my friend's parents house at the time , it was closer to the college i was going to . right behind pizza maker my first job . i was ... if i like some , then i like them . if they have the balls big enough to knock down my walls ; i don't think that is type specific . huntress is pretty badass . : wink : o movies 5 ) inglorious bastards / fantastic mr . fox 4 ) the prestige ( christopher nolan is a genius ! i even wrote an essay on his movies ) 3 ) star wars vi 2 ) dark knight ( trilogy ) 1 ) lotr ( trilogy ) ... let us speak about feelings . no . we don't do this here . this is what i've found to clarify fe for an intp : - http://personalityjunkie.com/the-intp/2/ also http://personalityjunkie.com/03/extraverted-feeling-fe/ honestly this is the wrong post to have a voting system . those who posted that it is debatable were probably the least biased . i put yes , but that's because i'm an intp and i take pride in being ... i also can relate to l . mine is harley quinn , i dressed like her for halloween ; i'm obsessed with batman . i find her amusing , at the same time i would never want to be her ; she's delusional , ... i would think those that have high fe would be considered unhealthy intps . since it's our weakest function , fe can screw with our decision making , this could result unhealthy lifestyles . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nk_zpMory-0 water buffaloes don't use forks as much as people say ! that is stereotyping and a clearly racist statement ! i don't . :d ry : i eat soup with a fork . anarcho-communist is an oxymoron . no . i have only one friend , she is female . i have many male acquaintances that call me their friend , go figure . i have little to no female acquaintances ; i either fail to speak their language or ... algebra , i love algebra . i think with geometry , i was poorly taught also i hated the proofs . ^ ^ ^ i think that's basically it for me . i can't believe people think wow , your here early ! when i'm just 10-15 minutes early , it's not that early , especially when i could have walked in 45 ... light and sound , absolutely . - i flinch and react in pain with light . it takes a long time for my eyes to adjust , i'm always squinting . my brother used to make fun of me and said i had asian eyes . ... before i know it , i'm subconsciously trying to end it . if i'm in a conversation and i'm talking about something i like , i try to end it after 15 min because i have a feeling like it's been going on ... okay . if someone trips and accidentally slaps me in the process and says sorry , then i get it ; it was an accident . i appreciate them taking the time to apologize that they didn't intentionally mean ... yup . pretty much this . i don't think what you heard is all that far from the truth . i would think that we would be pretty much 50/50 in creativity / logic due to our functions : ti , ne , si , fe . i think we would be less ... many [ intps ] will struggle with nihilism and relativism , worried that they may never find absolute truth . http://personalityjunkie.com/the-intp/ i'm very clumsy , probably because i rarely go out . also i have a serious vitamin d deficiency , i may break my bones and crumble into dust if i'm not careful . my advice is to walk slow . that would be fantastic . i'll be routing for the winner , although i'm sure he'd be less appreciative about that . i'm sure it will go great between two individuals that can't even understand each ... left brain right brain 52 % 48 % your left brain percentages instincts are a means for survival . logic can help us survive as well . i want to lean towards logic , but logic doesn't always help and neither does instincts . instincts can be a pain because as ... '