' i often do things , with a lot of intensity and feeling . and then a coulple of days later i can't believe i did it . like writing poetry in a muze or writing a long and heartfelt e-mail to someone .. it ... i have that too , sometimes combined with : why is it important to everyone but me . verzonden vanaf mijn iphone met behulp van tapatalk 1 . i tell about who people perceive me , what drives me , what i think is important ( in a job ) 2 . because of all the things i mentioned above and because i can add value to your company , in this and ... you know your an infp when you are extremely proud of your self for awkwardly telling your acquaintance , almost friend , you appreciate your talks and lunches very much and you will miss her when your ... really , i thought all infp thought that was important . i disagree with the ' rich ' people stuff . bullshit , jk rawling followed her heart when she got unemployed , look what it got her , and believe she ... i am researching myself and my future ( job ) . i was wondering which of your qualities are useful in your job and did you choose the job because of these qualities ? for instance , i am quite good ... i love sharing my experiences tho . but , i may just do it ! don't you feel awkward waiting in the lobby for the movie to start ? i would probably take a book to have something to do .. : frustrating : cleaning out my office . next week is the last week . so much garbage . cleaning up is the best thing . leaving is ... shitty , good , weird , nice , great , f * cked-up .. never have , never thought i would , but now i read your post ... i would love to go to a movie tonight :) alone ! when will i finally know who i am ? ! ? ! what do i want to do with my life ? ! ? ! i also have ' two sides ' . both me . i completeky recognize this . i talk easy to cashiers or bus drivers .. at work people oerceive as extravert , but some people see the introverted side . i am mostly ... thank you for this ! mbti should not be an excuse . i do say that i've been trying to type people around me ( i am not very good at it ) and i haven met an infp yet , as far as i know , but they are good ... unintended - muse :( always helps with a ' good ' feel i took my little boy to dance lessons for toddlers . i am so proud ! he did everything the teacher said and danced along with about 12 other kids . i could leave him alone , no clinging to his mommy .. he ... if you take take your three year old son to toddler dancing lessons together with your best friend and her son . and then find out then your friend also took another woman ( some acquaintance i dont ... agree ! working on in . not shying away from scary situations . choosing what to do and then doing it ! verzonden vanaf mijn iphone met behulp van tapatalk i agree with that . noticed the lyrics.they are dreamy maybe a silence retreat would be good for you too ? there will be no voices but your own guiding you . you obviously could do this without an actual get-a-way but , so many distractions . nope sorry not mine . i like it allright , but not that much . almost time for my car ride home , will give it a go ! everyone at every age can get depressed , i was just talking about people that are wallowing in it . and as a teenager you are more likely to ' wallow ' , but this is just my opinion . i believe that ... thanks for making me smile :) thank you for saying this . i agree ! if you are a teenager wallowing in your depression , i think that is ok , it may not be very healthy , but being in puberty is hard ! so i get it . but after that , ... must have misread . i could never understand that . love is love . i would rebel against my family . ignoring your heart will only bring you isery , incase of real love : he will probably love this woman ... 91296 hrmpf how do i maken this a bit bigger ? anyway someone just posted this on my facebook wall , love it ! ! not following your heart is one thing , turning off love another . if you decide ( for whatever reason ) not to go on a date with someone you actually would like to go on a date with , this is not ... i relate very much . i just typed this in another thread . i need people around me , i love people around me , they inspire me . but always on my ' terms ' and when i am done i am done . than i love being ... not for me , i need people so much that i might be an extravert , but then i go into my head and live my fantasy life ... * all by myself ... i want to be .. all by myself ... * ;) in the lonely part or the not talking to anyone part ? i am an optimist : if i am not talking to anyone i will never find connection , and i will ! for me , love never disappears , but .. is this the same for other people ? i think they don't love as loyaly . you would feel so lonely ... yes and yes ! i understand the need for pain to write so much . and how it brings inspiration . as a happy infp its hard to write ! ! i actually like feeling so deeply that it physically hurts . it makes me feel so alive and yet so detached from everything . listening so songs that break my heart or fuel my love . getting into my own ... i allready said that i sometimes have those wonderfull dreams that leave me longer for more dreams ... tonight was the other side of my personality that ruled my dreams . sh * t ! woke up at 5 in the ... you seem to contradict yourself , i recognize that . a college once use a nice analogy : you're optimism is elastic , you are flexible and if times are bad you will be stretched , and stretched and ... i do recognize this ! when i was a kid i had some ' dolls ' . an when they hadn't had any attention from me for a period of time i felt really bad for them . when there is a sound coming from somewhere that you can hardly hear , but hear anyway , you will go through the whole house finding it . or the car for that matter . and if you can't find it , it drives ... you'd rather sit on the floor ( stairs ) in the little space that connects the trains than sit next to an unknown person . and . why is is that in overcrowded trains i am always the only one that sits ... that would be cool ! as a native dutch woman i can say that the netherlands is a very accepting tolerant county . but .. we have sayings like : just act normal , your weird enough as it is for people that walk ' out of ... today a colleague told me i was a positivity guru ! and to top it of he said he liked that about me :) how cool is that ! why would you try nt to be , it is wonderful . oh and if you find the love of you life ! nothing better then that . :) i ' blame ' my infp'ness for knowing he was the one . and evenmore for knowing he ... not anymore . but when i was younger i wished somebody would institutionalize me so that i would get some peace and quiet and i was allowed to be crazy and myself . lately ( as some of you may have ... don't sit back and be annoyed , just do something about it . change if you want you ! everthing is possible ! you know it is ! don't sit back and whine about how bad is it . action people ! you want to be ... omg , i that my work was bad , what everyone just being super negative and gossiping .. but . forget it . i have it way better than you :) to bad ;) i like a good discussion . but you are right , i am still an introvert , especially with people that matter , just had an awkward introvert moment today , nobody else probably noticed except for ... i meant to quote dubba_dee sorry about that ! so : you make it sound like being infp is like a religion . not agreeing with you there at all ! but i like not agreeing and good discussions :) so you ... people are defines by who they want to be , i like that ! and i guess i've always want to be able to talk to people more without feeling horrible about it . you make it sound like being infp is like a religion . not agreeing with you there at all ! but i like not agreeing and good discussions :) so you think we should take it as it is ? accepting what we ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gY8NXpukhxM ok , i found a new favorate song ! '