' glad you agree . i was afraid that even the infjs wouldn't be able to relate ! i've noticed that i dismiss myself before i even work up the courage to talk to a girl . oddly enough , it seems like the feeling of giving up vs . rejection , is somehow a better one . because , simply - ... 512161 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeKE2Z-9HVM my apologies for bumping an old thread , but this one made me think . i was out at dinner the other night with a friend and some of his family members . the one woman there told me that , since the ... i can't speak for all of them . while i'd never want to be famous and couldn't handle it , yes ... i do ( sadly ) experience idealized thoughts of things working out for me , sort of like a i'll show you ... i was reading about the differences between us . is it true that while infj's have the dreams of being about themselves in the spotlight , the infp is essentially more altruistic ? that the infp's ... tons of great responses in here . very good stuff . for me , it's to not hurt anyone's feelings . not unless it is truly deserved , and even then i don't . had a woman today go off on me , speech ... i don't think that this is type related , but i hold back what i say because more often than not , someone goes on rapid fire and will not drop the conversation . even something as small as a youtube ... i think some of you took this in the form of me trying to prove how special said type or personality number is . it wasn't in relation to me , or even any of you . it was just asking why they are ... i mean that we're born into a body with a set personality , for the most part . sure , things in your past or childhood effect you , how you act , think ... but in my opinion , i believe where are who we ... i took the enneagram test and got a 4 . while reading through it , and while watching some videos on youtube of people describing traits of 4 ' s , they could not stop harping on guys , this is going to ... yes , i agree . but when you're new someone and one paycheck is so much drastically different than the others , and the way their weeks work are all out of wack ( they don't work mon-fri ) , it was ... it wasn't my fault that they got it wrong . this is a company that is so anal about every little cent that they have , it blows my mind they missed this . and i don't mind working and getting paid ... i work at a small retail store ( of a big company , though ) and i am paid every 2 weeks . they gave me my check for the days that i had worked and i thought wow ! not bad ! . it was a nice amount to ... 501082 i've noticed that this website is extremely , extremely hateful towards christians , and yet for some reason , threads about the faith keep getting brought up . if i were you , i wouldn't seek advice ... something just by doing it . almost like overriding your mental thought and putting fourth your physical though to successfully uproot yourself . i'm gonna hit up another random string of lines . a message in a bottle washed on sovereign sands leaves a deeply rooted message like trees of forest lands it speaks of things to come and go ... oh hell yeah man ! isn't that what our type is like ? we think , analyze , come up with profound statements ... only to have that same enormous thought power cripple us into not taking action ! ( not ... sorry to double post , but damn this is such a feel good song . i envy people who come up with these 2 chord songs with amazing melodies . i don't know why , but i just kept runnin ' ! .  ... people usually get spooked in a sense or bewildered . most people aren't used to someone nearly always being caught up in though , or just quiet . or hell , just spouting out a random thought . it's ... lol ! you got me there man ! now i feel obligated to keep going , like you backed me into a coroner ! my apologies guys . got carried away . there's a hearse time for everything my bad man ! this was morgue than i bargained for ! ok okay . let's get back on track here and bring the topic back to life . hey , nice shoes ! me : thanks man ! ... * later that night * what the hell did he mean ? where does he get the nerve to insult me ? was it an insult ? how much would he weigh on the moon ? not for me , but i had a friend back in elementary school who used to take the stuffed animals out of the library ( this was a tiny private school , 10 kids to a class ) ( get ready for this , it's not made ... the constant osculation of wow , i really feel good about that ! and are you sure you didn't just do it to make yourself feel good ? . it's not the case , but ever watch a youtube prank video ? ... i had a friend that wanted to do this but there wasn't enough space left in the program . people were dying to get in .  .  ...   . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFPUqXrztS8 the definition of cringe to the highest form . 1 . ) what is your favorite word ? transcendental . aka - our lives . 2 . ) what is your least favorite word ? any curse word , honestly . but normal words ? i hate , i hate that meddling word - crusty ! ... 497994 i have 2 of these pugs ! just one in the pic the reason why i ask this is because today i ran into a celebrity , and while he is minor in compared to say tom cruise , he is going to explode within ' the next year or 2 . he is big now , but i'm ... as it suggests . be as profound as you like . i like it man ! i love songs or poems that don't hold the typical structure of - lines , lines , chorus , lines , lines . they sort of tell a story in their own unique way and pattern ! lol ! it went something like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDt1qx_kHyE i've had one experience on this site with one . probably a great person face to face , but man . from what i've seen , it seems too competitive . too up in your face . huh ! prove it ! prove it ! did you ... i don't care if you're a lib or a republican . stop telling me how the rich should pay their fair share when celebs incoropate themselves to avoid taxes and file through the loop holes . whether or ... how about esfp's ? i know , my 3rd thread . ever since i ran the tests over and over ( though the traits alone were confirmation ) i can now say that i am an infj . i always knew there was something to my off-beat ... i still can't help but feel that the mainstream is in a downward spiral . i love bob dylan , i love the doors , ect . those were mainstream , but it seemed like those people really were their band ... was it this album where it was said that he did all of the tracks in like one day ? rapid fire recording ? well , it's my taste and i think it's shit . the artist is controlled by the industry . they control what you put out , there is no free will when you're this influential . you're overly defensive and i ... totally agree with the 80 ' s remark . but i wasn't around then , so i'm mainly gauging by what i can see in the present , now . what i can see in real time as it's happening . i diminish it because they ... lol ! you nailed it . i'm new here so i'm trying to ease into this whole debating thing , but you really put fourth my thoughts in a more / less - concise but elegant manner . we cannot blame people ... just because i don't like someones music / understand it / or see how they're considered an artist when in fact they don't write or create their own music , and most cannot perform it without ... i also find confusion in the video of work or whatever it's called by rihanna and drake . that is just an example . maybe it leaves me perplexed that people actually wish to emulate what they see ... i forget where i saw it , but there are plenty of videos on youtube showing how all of the mainstream songs are literally clones of one another . honestly , they use the same melody for a multitude of ... i suppose i just feel that it comes off as too manufactured . like they take the science behind what makes a song catchy and say here , the masses will repeat this one catchy line in it over and over ... absolutely . there is a large majority of people that openly run to the newest hit out . majority indeed , because they all have hundreds of millions of views . hundreds of millions . so i think for ... '