' wow . i have only dated entj , istj , and enfj but the descriptions were very accurate . right . i know it's hard and they will probably worry but there isn't anything to worry about . you are going to be fine . it will be tough sometimes but then it's tough for everyone sometimes . tell ... that is a different kind of duality and yet , i deeply appreciate you opening up about this situation . have you ever heard of post adaptive stress syndrome ? pretending to be someone else can really ... thanks for all your help . i really like this new website you introduced me to personality junkie . :) well now that i am reading more closely the description of infp instead of playing around with a million types , it is making more and more and more sense to me . see , i didn't really resonate with ... everything is going to be okay . you will be okay . everything will work out in the end . sometimes we lose friends , sometimes we make new friends , sometimes we get our old friends back , sometimes we ... yeah , i love the relationship between george sr . and lucille . it's pretty disgusting and interesting--pretty insightful really . i have quoted them several times in my relationships as i explain how ... you know , i can see all the functions so it's dang near impossible to tell . i can see se-ni and ne-si . i know from when i am writing fiction that it comes a lot more naturally to blend ne and ni ... i definitely like getting into the zone . like when you're running , doing yoga , working on a project , running around at work like a chicken with your head cut off and everything else in your life just ... i am not really great at picking up fads and fashions and stuff . although , i definitely notice what others are doing , it isn't really my thing so if i had to choose between se and si , i probably ... so you have ruled out sensor ? someone said they thought i was an esfp ( two people have said that to me ) but i know i'm an introvert so how do i tell if i am an infp or isfp ? i resonate with the ... thanks , yeah , i decided from reading these three that entp is not me . also , i remembered my biggest pet peeve : when people make a claim but don't back it up with an argument or facts or anything ... i thought i would speed this process along by answering more questions that might help narrow it down more . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i feel like i ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i would fill this out to start with http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html haha . i know , right ? don't give him any more time to think about it . it's been six months and as an extrovert , it's your job to ask him out . he's an introvert he isn't going to do that--well , not ... awesome ! ! ! :) lol ! this . i don't think he knows you like him like that . i would ask him on a date . wulfex you want to keep your friends but you would rather not ever see or talk to your ex-girlfriend again , right ? that's a tough one considering that two of your friends have close relationships ... relations of duality between psychological ( personality ) types maybe ? ? ? everything you wrote is consistent with infj . not wanting a hug and feeling distant is just part of being an introvert especially with intuition you are going to feel like an outsider once and again ... why ? who would know better than you ? i thought you decided on infp ? you are definitely an intuitive type and i would say probably a feeler , too and an extrovert . you seem very responsible ( j ) , thoughtful ( fe ) , intuitive , and adventurous ( se ) . you seem to be able to ... that's very interesting . i wonder which one i am because i was reading a lot of infps wouldn't say they hated things but sometimes i really hate things . maybe just when i'm grumpy but maybe i ... nf . possible ni . nf . fi ( worried about how your parents would feel . ) introverted . you know toroldal , jung said that perceiving types can pick up on the perceiving functions that other people are using and judging types can pick up on the judging functions others are using . food ... maybe you like things to be over-complicated . lol . i see isfp . being energized by sensations , the strong use of introverted feeling , the more tom boyish side of you being the se aggressive side ( also possible that it is completely unrelated to type ) ... i can see how you would get estp or istp but i just got this really strong entp vibe about half way through . i guess my primary reasoning for it is that you are open minded to new ... this is what happened to me when i did a type me thread , too . people are usually just trying their best but like i said before our information is limited . ultimately you have to figure it out through ... disaster you said you wanted to bend the world to your needs . that's te . but it happens to fi users sometimes . te turns on and you go . could also be fe , i suppose . don't let this person persuade you based on their perception of who you are . we observers have limited information about who you are . also , i didn't see fi , i saw fe . we all have all the functions ... i didn't say i was incompetent only that i thought they thought that . i have never been called by one that , however . never has one actually said anything mean to me actually . i think estjs are ... http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html or she could just go to the gym and keep a diary instead . i think this sums it up quite well . however , i use both . initial ne allowing the ni to follow up . you may find you do the opposite ni to construct the aha moment ( ne ) . and you may find you use them ... so what it really seemed to me in all of your posts is that you were trying to tell us how you use every function instead of your preferred functions . we already know that you prefer te , are an ... visions of the future is a phenomenon regularly described by infjs and enfjs . it is definitely correlated with ni . that is also involved in seeing the distant future of who you will become and so ... well , in the questionnaire i got a strong sensing function vibe . so i disagree . where are you getting dominant intuitive function from her questionnaire ? se users use ni and appreciate insight , innovation just like te users use and appreciate fi . i can definitely see the istp / enfj vibe but i think enfj because you think about starting nonprofits . you kind of remind me of a good friend of mine who happens to be an enfj . he is a science teacher ... as infps and enfps grow older they develop and cultivate ti and te functions . also , i have heard a psychologist say in a classroom that personality doesn't actually solidify until late 20 ' s ( still ... they look very similar . ni is about time stretching out , seeing how you will have to be in the future , and seeing how processes evolve . it's about perspectives and insight--aha moments . ne is about ... disaster this is te ( extroverted thinking ) and ti ( introverted thinking ) . introverted sensing ( why does he think this ? it doesn't make sense to me . is an assessment of what ... excessive use of the word i could be more about introversion in general than about fi in particular . introverts are more self focused than extroverts . also , in that sentence alone , she is referring ... based on your questionnaire , i would say you are intj because i see introversion , extroverted thinking , and intuition . let me know what you think . intuition . extroverted thinking . ( te ) her thread is about how she looks at the world which requires self reflection so inevitably anyone and everyone who fills in the questionnaire will use the word i rather frequently . yeah , i offend people sometimes because i will say stuff like , is that organic ? no ? okay then i'm sorry i can't eat that . it gets exhausting to constantly feel like i am criticizing everyone and i ... '