' contender as a contender , you're likely to believe at times it is necessary for work to come before the family , with the knowledge that the family will benefit in the long run ... what did you take while you were in college ? a ) i tend to think of myself as a 153 tritype , but i score very highly on 8 and relate to parts of it , so it doesn't surprise me that i relate to it as well . i always felt like i had to be strong for ... ah this is me as well . my mother is an enfp so i got the fi treatment from a young age . it's one of the reasons i decided to work and save some money for a couple years instead of going straight off ... i think the subject matter is sympathetic but the video is trying too hard . its trying too hard to be sad and shocking , about something that is innately sad and shocking , and it comes off as ... i can't remember what i wrote in my original post now to be honest , but what i meant originally is that i wasn't sure if type 1 or type 5 was my core type when i was originally doing my research . i ... even the negative parts of type 1 sound more like my personality than anything to do with a true type 9 . i don't like to loose my temper but its more because i think its wrong to ... welcome to the cafe x54 . i think you'll find a lot of introverts can relate to your story . i've read through different descriptions about all the types before i picked which one was mine . 9 , 2 , and 7 were the ones i discarded right away because they didn't sound like me at all and they ... i don't think that empathy is an illogical or logical thing . its just something we experience as human beings . it depends on what you mean though , you can feel something for another person and still ... i wasn't sure if i was more of a type 1 or a type 5 as i related to both of them . after i saw some descriptions though i realized that i was more of a 1 because of the emphasis on perfection and ... i'm not an enfp and i don't have a ton of issues with the system , but i do understand not knowing what to do with a degree / take in college to do what you want . i focused on art all through high ... it started out as twilight fanfiction : i don't know what else needs to be said . is it more like an physical discomfort like a headache , dizziness , or muscle pain ? or is it more like anxiety or being upset where the physical symptoms are because you're all worked up and bubbling ... i've said twice now that i don't disagree with you , i just think that its not nearly as simple as abuse only . if correlation is not causation than getting abused isn't anymore the cause than genetics ... sciencedirect.com - journal of psychiatric research - cerebral white matter deficiencies in pedophilic men jama network | archives of general psychiatry | brain pathology in pedophilic ... what exactly are you disagreeing with ? are you saying that you don't believe that the structure or chemistry of someone's brain contributes to psychosis and mental illness ? or are you saying that ... i'm pretty sure i read somewhere that pedophilia works the same way that sociopathy does . your brain has to be set up for it , due to irregular neural characteristics , but trauma has to set it off ... i've never understood the weird mbti follower obsession with intj's . it's not a blessing or a curse its just a personality type , same as the other 15 personality types . the t thing cracked me up ... my brother is an intp and its usually the other way around lol . my brother is more passive aggressive than anything that could be called mean . the person i really feel sorry for in my family is my ... my younger brother is an intp and we mostly get on really well . except when we don't and then we just don't talk for a little while until we both get over it . thank you my good sir ! * noms and sips with homemade biscotti * my mom actually bought me a bag of gevalia coffee for my birthday this year , and it was probably one of the few surprise gifts i've ... http://www.blogcdn.com/www.dailyfinance.com/media/2007/12/departures-200-grape-pop-tart-cs2007.jpg there you go , you can tell its grape and not another flavor because of the purple background . wouldn't it taste a bit like grape jam ? oh and labrusca ! lord of the demon grape vines did obviously . coffee . i've had sleep apnea since i was a tyke so i've gotten used to using it to sublimate my non-sleeping ability . i drink it with a tablespoon of hazelnut creamer , no sugar . i never offer ... psychology going into neural and behavioral science is already something i'm interested in so it helps . i used to think that way when i was a teenager until a teacher i liked started teasing me ... this ! i'm seen this so many times on this site alone that it is positively mind boggling . half the arguments that happen on here are people saying the same things but not saying them the way the ... i went for one year as a art and design major but now i'm probably going to switch to something else . a year immersed in the art crowd kinda made me insane . i mostly went with it because in high ... definitely visual for me . i have a hard time talking on the phone because i can get distracted by anything moving around . i'll watch it instead . i have to stare at a blank wall or walk around in a ... i've learn to temper my bluntness with humor somewhat or focus on making sure people i'm around know that i'm not personal when i am . people watching helps too . a lot of times when i get in a new ... your score was 59 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli would ... i think most people just assume intj's are planted in the ground like root vegetables and spring fully formed from our pods without the parents and fairly average upbringing that most other people ... haha now i wish i still had my exalted books . also gw2 looks very promising , i'm looking forward to it as a replacement for wow which i gave up on quite a while ago . it honestly doesn't seem like people are getting any smarter or accomplishing more . i'm not gonna rag on video games , they're as legit a form of entertainment as movies or books if they're engaging ... i grew up jehovah's witness . my family is out of it now , and i luckily never got baptized into it , but i think it had an effect on me that didn't transfer to my 6 years younger sister . it's a ... i hate the idea of going back to college without being sure what i want to major in exactly , but it's better than sitting around shooting the wall for another year . it's also better than going back ... picard is just kinda of impersonal and orderly , he isn't really a rules lawyer . the first fight of the series that he and riker have is about picard ignoring star fleet policy and wanting to go down ... pretty similar to a lot of the other stories on here . i grew up in rural area in the rocky mountains so i was pretty isolated to begin with . i very clearly remember being able to read and write ... i'm an intj slytherin . i kinda assumed i was going to get slytherin but didn't ' try ' for it when i answered the questions originally . i was really pleased to learn that merlin was a slytherin in the ... i don't think anything actually is going on . we've been sucked into an arthouse movie and everything is up for interpretation . that and all the eyebrow stuff . i didn't know eyebrows could do that let alone cause cosmic beanbag big bangs . all my sciences and i never knew . i agree , in intj terms you're practically married . once he shows you his evil lair you'll be together forever . don't be scared off my his race of atomic supermen though . srsly though , he's into ... just a thought , maybe intj's ( and maybe all nt's , dunno though ) prefer to be objectively appreciated for their contributions to a relationship instead of subjectively loved no matter what ? can't unsee . my poor intj sensibilities : shocked : ! she likes to watch , obviously . i imagine that all of the alien / human hybrids will be the result of interaction with enfp's . biochemical barriers cannot stop true love <3 after all . well regardless of whether you think of yourself as special or not , i really enjoyed your story . very interesting to hear about how even seemingly mundane experiences are approached by an intj , i've ... in my d & d game the enfp bard really did sleep with a dragon to keep it from eating us . i was the dm and when she said i want to roll to seduce the dragon i stared at her for about 30 seconds ... to me it means that i'm willing to let other people have their own ideas as long as they don't insist that i share them . also that i am willing to change my own if someone presents a better idea with ... of course anyone can be arrogant in the true sense of the word . i was talking about the intj ' arrogance ' that we're so often attributed with because we assume that we're correct about our beliefs ... '