interesting , so you may have notions because of how mbti may set judgements , but you must realize people are more flexible than you think . it is not an intp thing at all , in fact i don't think any ... i sometimes feel like intps tend to use other people without knowing it . how could this be solved though ... like as if the intp female i know is sort of gaining benefits from people as if by ... sounds so common with intp behavior , we naturally appear oblivious at times without even realizing it . i only realized this more because i met other intps as an intps . all the nf types seem to be ... interesting what you stated there about dopamine actually . i get the notion the common issues with intp are that they can be prone to internet addiction . i wonder now if there is something ... sorry to hear though . interesting does it help relieve when you need to spread awareness to others ? was it necessary ? could you be imposing onto other people ? i kind of wonder about these questions ... is there a reason why you emphasized so much on that one sentence as if i crossed some kind of red zone ? giving me links to all these serious talks about pornography ? i mean to be more specific , if ... hello , i normally don't ask much questions here . i hope this is not tldr . i notice some of whom i suspect to be intp females because of our nearly identical behaviors . one i know i've been hanging ... sure maybe somehow the most rational explanation i could make is that the seasons effect and determine our birth and personality . some of intps who got into new age , astrology , or spirit science had ... i was wondering what the relation between cognitive functions and this venn diagram chart of neurotransmitters . 147930 anybody want to be my friend ? lol ... i am also wondering if our personality has any relation to the psychology of attachment styles , from being ambivalent , avoid-ant , or disorganized . such as this example avoidant attachment - ... ^ ^ ^ not sure still getting used to this forum do you mean i mentioned in my threads or it's a common a threat post here in the forums ? i hate to bump up really old threads too though . lol , i begin to realize because of my environmental factors and my lack of connecting with online social media . i just grew out of it and begin to initiate socially . people found me awkward , but i ... i found that i feel like i always have to initiate making friends first . also if i we're ignore my phone or any social contact there would be absolute no difference at all . do any other intps feel ... also this is how i began to know other intps at first regardless of gender . we're both pretty oblivious of each other at first . later on we realize our environmental factors make us feel more unique ... you know i honestly don't know what ever is going on because we're so passive that we tend to just observe things go past us . i noticed later i have to be actually assert points out or actually ... interesting , do you think you can elaborate more on what you mean by alone ? as in in a healthy manner or unhealthy manner ? i tend to bounce back and forth nowadays from needing people and needing ... hmm maybe i wasn't being specific enough , i suppose i used to have dysmorphia where i felt my body or face was overly exaggerated to the extent where i also felt depersonalization or derealization ... does anybody here feel like they are in the wrong body or often times feel detached or had past experiences where they felt odd like a pilot riding a vessel ? also anybody felt like they had ... haha neat it's like you intuitively knew design principles already . this is interesting , i use to have push over tendencies when i began interacting with people more often just trying to understand them . i know someone who might be living their life like this , which ... i do try to be open to different kinds of people , i did try to refrain from relying on online communities . i only recently begin posting here on the forums . eventually i get really burned out from ... oh i didn't mean there are distinctions of masculine and feminine brain structures i meant the process of how we behave mentally can be categorized as being masculine or feminine . in other words it ... i think being either aggressive or passive is just another way of avoiding a compromising truth . when no one tries to assert or cooperate in a debate situation then no one is really winning in the ... my goodness sorry to hear , i really feel your pain . i really do because my grandmother would abuse and neglect my mother . she became so distrustful of people that she spent majority of her time ... i think our intense focus helps us master a skill , so regardless if you feel like you are not good then i can see that if you are motivated enough you could be good as a master . then the next step ... cool what do you do now ? my first computer was a desktop computer with windows 98 and used dial up . when the internet community was still small , it was good times ... wow , when i read this i realized there are so many intps like this . i have a few friends living just like this . it seems like our mentality doesn't applicable with this te functioning world . our ... i have a really big question , i am wondering why when i took risperidone or geodon , i felt fight of flight , irritable mood , super depressed , loss of appetite , drowsy , for almost a day or two . can ... i draw , paint , and do , 2d animation , 3d animation , motion graphics . i actually think all the great artist who began a movement may have been intp actually . i like to think intp are more into concept ... so here are some i was wondering about . whenever i get change from a cashier and their hand barely touches mine i feel a tingling sensation so i always try to avoid at all cost . some people ... almost similar here too , my dad which i believe is isfj had to support the family a lot . whereas my mom was the one bringing the family down . most of my life i felt isolated to the extent where i ... not embarrassing at all , i wouldn't mind still playing with legos today . i also had to be super symmetrical with my legos and color wise too as i remembered . also i remember having stuffed ... it depends because i know some infp , isfp , intj , istj , estj , and maybe a few entjs in my life . but usually those that have a less rounded cognitive functions usually feel deeply insecure around me ... i find it interesting that intps already have enough trouble as it is in developing intimate relationships so they might as well find the most closely relatable which would be another intp . although ... mine was playing with train sets and legos mainly . what i loved about train sets with miniature decorations was the intricate details and of course the interactivity of it moving through the path or ... fascinating , i too was born in an environment where i was the only korean and also didn't feel accepted by other races or even my own . i did have happen to have one parent be neglecting , yet very ... i was wondering about what causes us to be strongly driven with ti function , i noticed some intps i met in my life seemed to have been neglected somehow or had to be independent in everything they do . it seems like she has some level of distrust towards people , but i'm not really sure though . i found there was a similar thread around here somewhere , to begin ... i felt quite a mutual relationship with this intp girl i knew beginning of our first school year . although i didn't quite feel ... i sort of thought about this too , but then personality disorders are of course just extreme personalities of certain types . i saw intp types more prone to schizotypal more than schizoid , but i'm not ... this is interesting i thought about how theres also deductive reasoning among intp with their ti function and te function is seen as inductive among intj . basically intp is a mirror of intj , as if ... hmm i wish there was some way to apologize to this intj i know , i feel like i wasted their time , i really wish i could convince them the differences between our behaviors , but i dunno if they would ... great ! thanks , i was also wondering if my organization ability will help vastly with my interaction with people as i notice a lot of people losing their patience at times . however it would be nice to ... typed before i saw your post not meant to double post i don't know if this one is blunt though a lot of ones i met seem to depend on being polite . i'm pretty sure intj and intp don't mix well sometimes so there might be some who developed enough ... a book , what books would you recommend by any chance ? also i think i noticed intx types seem to anxious or paranoid of people in general , so it's difficult to judge what their intentions may be . hello fellow intp members , i noticed the awkward situations during social interaction , where theres a moment of silence and eyes are gazing upon each other . it's like people see some sort of ... is it normal that i don't have any online long distance friends ? i feel as though people lose quality of knowing each other when socializing online for too long . someone be my friend or something ... i would normally feel depression when i was about the age of six years old . possibly the emotional deprivation from the mother ? i am not quite sure , but majority of my days would be contemplating ...