' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0 to all of you who don't want to give out your email address : it doesn't verify the address and you can see the results whether you submit a real one or not ... 553586 : kitteh : i'm really sorry for what happened ... i'm sad to say that i do recognize myself in what you wrote , to a certain degree . i have cut people out of my life completely without offering any ... i relate to what you're saying a lot ! ! in fact it's made me doubt whether i'm an infp because i thought some of the people who behaved that way were high fi and since i would never , ever do that ( i ... lol , intps do seem to be the masters of procrastination . i mean , how do you hold your pencils ? really ? absolutely love it ... ^ ^ lateral tripod , right hand , and totally messy handwriting . i don't ... yes ! i relate to this a lot . i've read loads of stuff on the types and functions , and to a certain degree i could relate to almost all of the functions . ( after all , how do you know what it's like to ... fi , closely followed by fe and te . i generally get along quite well with fi types ( xxfps ) and am actually married to one , but i've known a few who became unhealthy and they then became the most ... lol , sorry , didn't know that was the point of this thread ... this better ? found here : anxieties.com | how safe is commercial flight ? pen , because pencil fades over time . i also find it annoying to continually have to sharpen them . but nowadays i'm mostly digital so it doesn't really matter . just out of curiosity , how bored do ... i feel exactly the same way . i find it very difficult to be assertive in most circumstances , so i tend to avoid bossy people as much as possible . i will be assertive when it's really important to me , ... i think generally you'd know at least a few minutes in advance that the plane was probably going to crash , i . e . if the propellors malfunction and you slowly , slowly descend , or if the plane's ... i enjoy flying , but just before take-off i tend to think about all the plane crashes i read about and imagine crashing into the ocean or having to jump out with a parachute and then i get a bit ... you need to call xy . i'll call you later ! here , she / he wants to talk to you . * hands over phone * ok , sorry , really don't know what i would do in your situation ... you could try posting your question in the enneagram 4 forum though . there seem to be more people there , so you'd probably get more ... hi ! sorry you're having a hard time with your mom ... may i ask , if you think she's an infp , and you're an entp , why are you posting this in the isfp forum ? she doesn't sound like an infp to me ... green , preferably plant-like shades ( trees , grass , ... ) i mainly wear black , gray , and blue though , as the greens i like don't really suit me . holy shit ... i'm so sorry about that knife thing ; that must have been terrifying ! ! about people thinking you're pure and naive : i don't know . people have underestimated me my whole life , too , and ... i don't have any experience with this sort of issue , but i'm so so sorry for what you've been going through ... * hug * i would say both : you were unlucky to have been born without hearing . but you ... no , not really . but you can choose who and what you follow , so maybe i'm just following good sorts of people ;) i'm a mom too ( though my kid is much , much younger than you and your brother ) and i've noticed that it's become harder to control my temper since i've had a child . here's why i think that is ( split ... i do . not sure whether i'm healthy yet , but i think i'm getting there : kitteh : i think infps have a hard time telling people when they're upset with them or generally unhappy about something ( most ... i probably have at some point , though since i can't remember i assume it's rare . i often want to when i get angry , but i don't want to have to clean it up afterwards . if i'm really , really angry i ... i'm so glad you feel better ! ! and sorry , i wanted to reply sooner but didn't find the time ... that's exactly how i feel ! i don't know how anyone could manage more than one kid ... ( so kudos ! ! ) ... first off , here's a big , big , big hug ! ! i've had some similar experiences and i think i know how utterly miserable you feel right now ... if you're at all like me , your being so utterly and ... thank you for this ! ! you're right of course ; my hubby made a similar observation when i showed him what i'd written . and i am absolutely someone who easily finds faults and potentials for things ... thank you again so much ! ! this gives me a lot of hope that i can give my little one a happy childhood , either way :) ( and congrats on the cats ! :) ) i love all these things ... i hope i'll be able to do them as well as your mother did <3 ametcitra thank you sooo much for your response ! ! it helps tremendously , thank you ! ! the way you describe it , it sounds a lot like how i think it might be when he's older ( except maybe for ... err ... whether we adopt or have babies , the questions are the same ... or is that in response to the overpopulation issue ? ;) hi ^ ^ ( just in case it's not clear , i'm seeking advice from parents who are infps , not parents of infps ... ) this might be a bit of a long post , so please bear with me ... i'm a first-time mom ... nitpicker nitpicked ; nitpickee nitpickely nitpicked nitpicking . fine ... i thought , i wrote , i failed . : frustrating : good stories make you question things ... : exterminate : ( but yes , i know ... ) sorry ... baby cried ; brain turned to mush ... to be or not to be ... food everywhere except in baby's stomach . sequel : such a mess ... why baby , why ? ! sequel # 2 : having a baby really sucks today . lol ... last night our little one slept through the night for the first time ; i desperately tried to recreate everything today to produce the same result tonight , but i think it was just a fluke ... i was feeling silly and the picture matched my mood ... i also like that even fiercely dangerous animals play sometimes . lol , thanks ! ! congratulations to you on surviving those first horridly difficult months / years with your daughter ! : wink : ... there are no words , just , wow ... i think social services would have my kid by now ( to protect him from me ) if he'd sleep that bad at night ... babies really test your limits ; it's actually quite ... uber helpful , thanks ! : kitteh : love this ... the most awesome parts of my day are when he smiles at me or when i manage to make him giggle ... : - 3 holy shit ... i feel kind of bad about even complaining ... your wife passed out ? ! thank you sooo much for writing though ! ! i know it makes me a bitch , but it's great to know it also sucks ( and ... hi ! we just had our first baby in june : shocked : and i was wondering if any of you intp parents have any tips on getting through the first year ( or so ) without going insane ? ( our little one is ... oh , lots of mistypes ... for a long type i thought i was an intp , then i was almost sure i was an infp for quite a while . in between ( for very shortly ) i thought i was an isfj and an intj . at work i ... ? i don't know if i was rejected because of it ( that would probably depend more on the personalities of the people you hang out with and what annoys them ) , but what's definitely happened to me a lot is ... wasn't beat up , but was almost always picked last , too . people suck sometimes . ( on the other hand , someone always has to be picked last ... i blame the teachers for allowing kids to pick who they want ... marriage is what you decide it is for yourself . if you decide marriage is having a room-mate for as long as you both shall live or until something better comes along , you'll probably have a crappy ... don't know if this is the style you're looking for , but : • the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy ( all of them ;-) ) • the long dark tea-time of the soul ( same author as the previous one , and equally ... '