' all of those great memories ! ! i remember when pokemon was floating through my school . let me think ... when did it all start ? first grade ? the kids in my class would steal their siblings ' pokemon ... well good news everyone ! ! i have next year figured out < big sigh of relief > taking some advice ( from my lovely friends on perc ) , a couple days ago i went searching for information about 2 year ... i think that that may have something to do with it :P i catch myself doing that sometimes ! parent : you should go to bed early tonight . me : okay ( but in my mind i'm set on staying up even later ... thank you thank you thank you ! i need all of the help and encouragement that i can get ! you guys are awesome :) honestly , i'm a little bit more frustrated now because of my mom . she's been ... okay . so i have been struggling with this for the past few weeks . i am graduating in 3 weeks and i still don't know what to do . every teacher , guidance counsiler , and adult that should know what ... out of the night that covers me , black as the pit from pole to pole , i thank whatever gods may be for my unconquerable soul . in the fell clutch of circumstance i have not winced nor cried ... when you are contemplating the meaning of life and you have one of those wonderful light bulb moments . two seconds later your sister walks up behind you and scares the living bejeezus out of you , ... i love documentaries ! ! last night i watched one about a guy riding a segway ( how do you spell it ? ) across the us . it was a little ridiculous :P too true ... i have to do a better job at that :P hmm ... i have more access to the book , so i think that i'll start there . :) thanks ! :) i'm glad you liked it ! i freaked out the first time i saw it ... i ' stumbled upon ' it . good site ... tom baker's scarf is pretty great as well . like you , i've never watched ( sans one episode ) ... too true ... :) i loved the converse . http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lm9j9cOsn81qjmsqqo1_500.jpg i hope the image worked ... i smile every time i see david tennant in this picture :P and is it ... i need a game with a good plot ... i also love the silly minigames where you can fish or roll around on skateboards :) i'm a big fan of zelda games ... the first time i played twilight princess , i ... i've heard a little bit about game of thrones ... should i read the books first ? or should i jump right in to the show ? i'm all for reading the books first but that usually sets me up for ... 1 . sunny smiles 2 . bubbles ! 3 . going on rants about things i love 4 . wrestling with my sister ! 5 . singing in the car with my siblings ! windows rolled down and music blasting in my ears ! 6 ... i'll go first ... primarily to give my post some company 1 . bbc television ! ! doctor who , sherlock , and merlin are among my favorites :) 2 . korean dramas . i know , i know odd right ? 3 . ... i just want to know what you lovely people are watching these days ! ! give me a genre or any specific shows that you love ( and i mean to the point of obsession :P ... ) :) well , hello ! looks like you are an awesome person with an awesome taste in television ! ! i couldn't resist saying hi when i saw matt smith's lovely shining face :) bow ties are cool istj all the way ! it's funny my dad and i are infps and my younger sister and my mom are istjs . when i happen to hear my parents argue , more often than not , i think it's a little funny . my sister ... inxp ... i see very many similarities between him and me ( it's almost spooky ) ... but in arguments he tends to not let the ol ' emotions get the better of him ( me on the other hand ... ) i think he's ... when you and your infp father decide that you and him are elves stuck in the human world :) when you happy about being the decendent of several viking kings :) and you are a teensy bit proud of ... you just made my day ! ! i am obsessed with doctor who :) your memory dies everytime you walk up or down the stairs . i should get my homework from my bedroom ! you run upstairs . you grab your ipod and run back down to get a drink of water . you ... a kid killed himself last night . when i got to school this morning it was chaotic . you wouldn't believe the atmosphere . it crushed me . god ... everyone was asking questions . why ? why would he ... wow ... it really captured it for me :) i think that i can really relate right now ... i'm going through a lot of changes in my life . i want to do so much but the doubt i have just sits there in my ... usa ... yay ? 30417 :P my eyes are usually not as light as they are in this picture ... and yes . i know . wrinkles :) when you come back down - nickel creek http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_GSbGZgj0k&feature=related 30213 30214 30212 30215 : 0 ... a true procrastinator in action . i have something extremely important to do ... and i go on perc . perfect . that will make my whole situation better . wasted time = more time ! jeez ... well that sucks ... the absent-minded infp strikes again . :( where is my flash drive ? ? ? argh ! ! i have a huge paper due tomorrow and i can't find it ! when you know when friends ( ? ) are trying to use you ( in any way , shape , or form ) and you just smile at their sad attempt at being clever . does anybody else find those pesky little patterns in ... lucky you , my friend . i share a birthday with justin bieber ... yes we are the exact same age . month , day , and year . i would have honestly guessed that he was a couple years younger than me ... but ... i don't know ... i just really liked this quote :) to be honest with you , i don't have the words to make you feel better , but i do have the arms to give you a hug , ears to listen to whatever you ... 30153 i've been told he's a little creepy ... but i'm still proud ! :p roud : when you talk to someone across the room ... with your mind , just in case they might me a mind reader :) then you start to call them names because they are reading your mind and then you feel bad . ... when you dread the moment you have to call someone . you almost make yourself sick every time you pick up that dang phone and it starts to ring on the other end :( when you wait for the person ... you know you're an infp when ~ you have to shut your eyes while clicking the post button :) ~ you look back at earlier posts and cringe at your word choice ~ you look at the clock and realize you've ... well ... hi there ! i would love some book suggestions ... i'm trying to fling myself into the world of adult fiction . every time i've tried , teen fiction takes me by the ankles and pulls me ... i can relate completely ... i have these moments of ... waking up , i guess ? i look down at my hands and it takes a moment to realize what i'm actually looking at . it scares me sometimes ): i wonder ... i lose a little bit of faith in good television ever time i hear the words ' reality tv ' . bring back creative entertainment ! pokemon ! doctor who ! korean dramas ! i don't care about ' snookies ' ... i have been told countless times by my sister that i'm a hippie ... i don't think that's me :) i prefer short hair over long hair ... no drugs ... not really into bright flower printed clothes but ... all my life ... when i was younger , i was terrified of getting scoliosis . i couldn't bring myself to slouch at all ... oh ! add on being extremely tall for my age and bullies at school . not the ... well there she goes again ... are all intjs so sensitive ? my goodness ! all i have to do is say one wrong thing or look at her ' weird ' and she gets angry at me for the rest of the day . if i react ... shake it out - florence & the machine :) mine matches ... infp - b + infp and pisces :) i would never have guessed that ! thank you for telling me :) christmas music ... i have mixed feelings about it :) personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? many names :) call me anything . - any nicknames ? mo . ames . hey you ... :) * male / female / trans ? female location - where were ... darn it ! :) that was one of my favorite playstation games growing up ... now i'm really curious about where you got you name :) '