' there really wasn't a way to help without asking first . it was a financial issue , and in the end i ended up moving in with her . can't really do that without talking about it first . so , like me , you guys would rather fix it yourself . since i first posted this , i have learned how bad off things were for my girlfriend . she wasn't really asking for help , but i offered anyways . she ... see now i do let her tell her whole story when she has something to talk about . i like to hear details to get a full understanding . also , shes a writer so she can relay stories in a more entertaining ... my girlfriend gets impatient when i try to explain a situation or relay an event that happened at work . in the past i've been told that i don't give enough details so i just get peppered with ... yeah my girlfriend loves to figure out what makes me tick . she will ask me random questions . when i give her a funny look she'd say im just trying to figure you out . i'm not jealous because i ... yeah i'd say we are doing very well . we look at other couples around us having their usual drama . we just kinda scratch our heads . the other day she goes is there something wrong us ? aren't we ... i'd say the only problem we've run into so far is just adjusting to the fact that both of us tend to shut down and put up walls when we are bothered by something . i actually had a post on here ... i'm an istj and my girlfriend is an intj . we've been together for about 7 months . i just moved into her place at the end of jan . we have yet to run into any major issues . she is very much a big ... ha ha . indeed . hard drives upon hard drives of video / software . at most my jobs , i end up with extra responsibility and management trusts me with almost anything . sometimes i get tired of the extra crap but no ... its funny you say that since i am usually bringing her some sort of food and cigarettes after i get off work . lol do they ? i know i don't because if i'm staring its usually off into no where . if i'm staring at my girlfriend its usually because i have something to say , but i'm having trouble finding the right ... i really love making order of chaos . when i used to work in as a stocker at sam's club , i worked the walk in cooler . during the holidays id get pallets upon pallets of merchandise . it would arrive ... just curious is all . i've never noticed anyone doing it as much as my current girlfriend . so i was wondering if it was common to intjs . do you guys do this often ? what do you do when your so notices ? my girlfriend has been doing this a lot lately . we'll be watching something on her laptop or tv , and , out of the corner of my eye , ... i'm hard pressed to find any traditions i actually like . weddings , graduations , and funerals : these require dressing up and being around a bunch of people i don't know or don't care about . i most ... not likely . lol . unless you mean in a so bad its good kind of way . what really sux is that me and my girlfriend love to rip on bad movies but she will not want to do that with this . :( ill have to ... this is kinda what my girlfriend says too . she is a writer and she really likes the way the stories are written . she understands how cheesy the movies are but can't help it . lol kill myself no . bang my head repeatedly on the chair in front of me ... maybe . all the while biting my tongue as to not ruin my girl's good time . that link is awesome ! i have never seen any of the twilight movies . i don't think its romantic to have a reformed serial killer stalker . and i can't stand female characters whose only purpose is to be a trophy and / or ... i get that too and thats why i try to those things already . when i first started doing those things she was a little weary of it . i don't know if she thought i was going to keep score or what . now ... that is what i want to avoid . but do you know how hard it is to just accept that fact that someone you love would rather live out of their car because they might now have enough for rent than accept ... ah yes . that i understand . popinjay : nice to see you too . yes things are going well with our relationship . thanks to you and others on here , i have a better understanding of her and why she does what she does . but obviously , ... from what i've read here and experienced with my girlfriend , you all tend to have a lot of things going on in your head at once . have you ever gotten to the point where you were trying to do too much ... i'm basically the same way . i only have an associates degree in it and i know i could get a higher degree really easy . but to me the insane amount of money it would cost is not worth it to me . i have ... i am actually at work while im reading and posting this . my lunch was over 10 minutes ago , but who cares about schedules . the people waiting for me to get back from lunch so they can go will ... i just found out that my coworker that i get along with best is an intj . we talk to each other more than we talk to our fellow techs . his thought process just amazes me . that should have been my ... ok . i see where you are coming from . i may not totally understand it since i'm not married to a guy . my girlfriend has many female friends and a handful of them have feelings for her . she hasn't done ... but who says its not quite right ? maybe this is where i stray from the typical istj , but i do not care for gender roles and expectations . i see no point in trying to be something or someone i am not ... this times 10 ! i've told every one of my girlfriends past and present that i'm not a going out and partying type of person . i tell them to go out and do their thing . i'll be right here when you get ... my whole life has been like that . but even as a child , i didn't care . i was never interested in all the things girls were doing . from then to now my best friends have always been guys . many times ... i will definitely be reading up on this . i like to prepared for whatever . i have no problem with any of that . lol . what's really funny is that winter is her favorite time of year . she loves ... again thank you everyone for all of your advice . i texted her in the late morning . just to say that i'd be more than happy to keep her company when she walks through our city talking to potential ... these were all texts . i had thought it could be her phone or my network . there have been times were she didn't receive my text until an hour after i sent it . its never taken 3 hours though . as for ... one step forward , two steps back . i was out of town from thursday to monday . i tried to keep our contact just like it was when i was at home . i only contacted her around 10pm . on thursday , she had ... as cheesy as it sounds , i'm the lucky one . i just don't want to screw it up . thanks again everyone for helping me make sense of what was / is going on . my past relationships were with women who wanted me to be psychic and when i failed they would get pissed . i know my current ... i see what you are saying . it is hard for me to say what i want to say . i'm afraid it will come off as sounding trite and just make her shut me out even more . well i'm gonna be away for 5 days , so ... we live on the east coast of the us , so yeah summer was ending . and that's why i posted this . i want to give her what she needs without her having to think about it . since i lack that whole ... i've never pushed for anything . i only got as close as she requested . i know she has no problem telling me when she doesn't like or want something . she doesn't do anything just to humor me . if she ... i would never tell a depressed person that they might be this or that , especially not her . given how well she knows herself , she probably already knows . it does make sense though . so i guess ... hello everyone . as the title says , i'm an istj . i am a 32 year old female . i became interested in personality types a few years ago when one of my teachers had us take a personality test . i'd say ... i don't have big plans for my life . i have no burning need to accomplish something . i have been supporting myself ( and the occasional girlfriend ) since i was 19 . i live within my means and work ... i look at food and eating as something i need to do . i don't cook because its not worth it to me . i'm not big on trying new food . if i don't like the way it smells and / or looks there is no way in ... thanks for the response cantstopthinking . whenever she asks to me to not come over , i always tell her that if she needs anything just txt me . i would do whatever she asks me to . i always let her ... hello all . i am new here , but i have been reading up on personality types for awhile now . i am an istj female and my girlfriend is an intj . i am just trying to get a better understanding of her and ... '