' i am a young infj considering either going into nursing or eventually becoming a family doctor . are there any infj's in these work fields that have some pros / cons or suggestions about how they feel ... i am an infj female who recently met an amazing enfp male . we hit it off instantly and the first date went incredibly well . knowing my enfp friends however i have noticed that they are quite ... this was incredibly insightful and i appreciate the time you took to write this . i already see these qualities in both of us . the way i was raised i have learnt to be independent and have many ... i am an infj female interested in an esfj male . does anyone have experience and tips for this dynamic ? esfj males , what do you look for in a partner ? i see where your idea is coming from as us intuitives do not always notice everything around us and can retreat easier inside our heads . but , in my opinion it will depend on much more than that . i ... i read up on the spirit body mind and soul theory . along with being an infj i believe i am dominant in my spirit aspect . ( not all people will believe or agree with this theory mind you ) . when my ... very insightful , thank you for the time it took you to write that . i am an infj currently dating a entj . i was wondering if anyone has been with an infj . how was your relationship ? what do you wish you or your infj did better ? how loyal are you entj's in general in a relationship ? from an infj point of view , i think both parties have fault in this , but it all comes with miscommunication . i guarantee your daughter had some sort of logical reason for her doing so in the first ... i relate closely to this . i wouldn't say i am very private , but compared to most people i do not post my life on social media etc . but if an individual comes to me looking for advice or conversation , ... he infj door slammed you for some reason it looks like . i'm very sorry because this is obviously hard for you , but the best is just to leave it and not say or do anything , and start your healing ... yes i do relate to this somewhat . even if i dislike the person strongly i just don't have the heart to give them bad advice or honestly no advice at all . i have to give my two cents otherwise it ... everytime i take the test i score slightly differently because i apply to almost all categories depending on circumstances . someone should let me know if they find a more detailed test for this . i agree that the questions weren't very good and very predictable and i could see myself applying to many of them depending on circumstances . i have discovered a personality sight about archetypes and i have also read the book to go along with it . here is a https://www.archetypes.com/ i am curious to see what other infj's score on the ... music : mostly singer songwriter or anything with lyrics that i can relate to . i hate techno . clothing : i hate wearing bright colours , i stick to more neutral tones and sometimes add a splash of red ... when i first started i did that a lot , and even now i do , but i'm coming to learn the difference between paranoia and my intuition and just ignore what is not important . my ni helps me know when someone is not going to stop at their light and when someone is going to cut in front of me or when the lights are going to change , but overall driving drains me because i ... all the infj responses are so typical . none of us want to call someone out because their feelings might be hurt , but if someone called us out we would certainly love to hear their opinion ( thirst for ... i have similar feelings . i always know if he cheated , or if he isn't feeling it anymore , and i am always right . i usually know when someone has their eyes on one of my friends without me knowing them very well , or talking to them . can you be more specific ? sia in my city it is impossible to find people just about anywhere , and majority of the population will be at the parties , so my only hope is to scope them out hahaha i do not think she thinks you are a bad person . she probably thinks you are wonderful , and that is why she wants to be friends . there is nothing you can change to be with her . she just doesn't feel ... infj's are good at making others feel they are connected to them even when they themselves are feeling the same thing . i have said the same thing to many guys , and i always try to remain friends with ... he was a very emotionally undeveloped and would get his feelings confused and in the process confuse me as well . very toxic , back and forth kind of thing . when we were on good terms however , and we ... for me as an infj , the idea of a party excites me as a teenager because i look forward to meeting new people and hopefully finding someone to have an intellectual conversation with as i don't have ... these relationships can also be toxic if the intp is not emotionally developed enough . been there done that . i keep it to myself most of the time as it can alter people to much . i have had a feeling about my friend and her boyfriend for awhile , but i haven't said anything as she is not in any danger or ... infj and if you are in a relationship what will you say or do for her because you like her say you had interest in a potential partner , how would he or she know as i am not an intp , i was wondering how you guys show affection and love in your unique way ? yes both when taking tests you must not over think it , but answer the questions of how you would preferably do it if you could overlook circumstances . i am an infj , but love math and have been thrown into ... sounds like an intp . you may feel more sensitive because you are female and most intp are men . i am an infj and i was confused about my i and j at first as well . i get drained from being with people and need my time alone but i do enjoy helping others , and when i feel like i have done a good ... i agree fully with you . chances are there is a reason he is uncomfortable with you doing certain things for a reason ( he sounds more like a t to me ) i would ask him respectfully why he feels that you are not allowed to do ... i am an infj and i find nt types very interesting . you may be unhappy because you did not choose this career yourself . infjs may be suited to this career because of their ni but that does not mean every infj will feel comfortable in this position for me , i often times ask a trusted friend to talk , i vent and seemingly ask for advice , even though by the end of my rant i truely already have my plan of action and have sorted out my feelings , i ... this is very interesting to me and i guess i too subconsciously try and make myself more charismatic even though i am not naturally . can someone direct me to this test ? this is incredibly relatable for me . i am a highschool student , and many girls at this age fall in and out of love . boys think that the way to my heart is by calling me beautiful , buying me ... i relate to this as well . so the conclusion i am drawing from this is that we as infj's feel that it is our responsibility to fill roles even if those roles are out of our comfort zones . another ... here is an example . a typical english / social studies class is full of discussion and opinion . as an infj , if the topic interests me , i love discussing , giving my opinion and listening to others views ... - - - [ / quote ] this is my life described perfectly '