' every time i try to meditate , i just end up falling asleep . she's an intelligent and driven person , and i can respect her for that . it doesn't mean i'm going to agree with her on the issues though . unfortunately , i've seen too many people imply or outright ... god , i was a dick 6 years ago ... let me ask my husband . ( he's not big on forums , haha ) for people to not be dicks these are phone meetings , which is tough , because i don't have this problem in in-person meetings thanks to body language and visual cues . also i don't think i'm an 8 anymore . i think i turned ... why do people do this ? and then those same people complain later that you ( okay , i ) didn't contribute ? stfu . literally . anyone else constantly being talked over by the same few ... not at all . major kudos to you for taking action and learning it on your own . you'll probably end up better at it than the average person , because they probably forgot everything they learned ... for their sig , the t in intj could be a cross . :p and despite what mbti dogma on here may have you believe , no , christian nts aren't ' broken ' . last i checked , nt doesn't stand for non-theist . lol . if you happen to be my boyfriend , snuggle right on up ! sorry i'm so bad at initiating and being so squirmy . :P if you're anyone else , um ... sorryg 2githinkmypetcockroachdiedtoodles ! yelling at people in general is highly unprofessional . i saw your other thread about your personal dramas with julie , so i'm not going to sugarcoat this : you need to get it together , fast . ... you're not there to make friends . she doesn't have to like you , just as you don't have to like everyone either . as long as she's not actively doing something bad to you , accept that nobody is ... when you respond to because i said so with why do you say so ? if you're a male , congratulations . you've won the mbti jackpot . any weaknesses anyone can come up with are simply things that bother the * other * person , and not yourself . so lucky you . may i be ... i'm kind of similar ... in that if someone tries to overpower / steamroll / disrespect me , i instinctively dish it back out twofold to them , because i'm not going to just stand there and be shat on . i ... the ones i hate the most : it's the most wonderful time of the year - way , way overplayed white christmas - overplayed , and depressing feliz navidad - wtf . so it's a spanish-based ... re : the supposed bossiness i've never known a bossy entj . i think to them , bossiness is kind of , been there , done that , got the t-shirt , started a clothing company of it and outsourced to china . still can't think of the perfect thing to get my boyfriend for christmas . he's adamant that i don't buy things for him . he wants me to either make something for him , or to think of a great date ... ykya thinker when ... you inwardly cringe when customer service people ( retail greeters , waitresses ) use their customer service voice on you ... you know , the high-pitched artificially bubbly ... ? ? ? the most notorious hoarders i know are sjs . must be an unhealthy manifestation / use of si . the infps i've known have been just as bad in their hoarding . but they hoard differently . ... lol , i see what you did there ... i'll start . the christmas music ! and they sing . and they sing . and they sing , sing , sing ! : angry : every time i hear the incessant holiday music playing everywhere , it reminds me of ... i'm moving , and i decided to recycle all my yearbooks . my middle school and high school years felt like prison , and i have no desire to relive those memories . didn't really have too many friends , ... when you're forced to pare down on your collection of books , is it an easy task for you , or is it tough to part ways with them ? how have you worked with / around this ? ... i'm moving in with ... how old were these people when they were telling you to shut up and go away ? since you're only 17 , i imagine that these were adolescents and kids saying that to you . at that age , that's to be ... despite being half indian ( dot indian , not feather ) , i have naturally dark blonde hair , grey green eyes ... and super pale skin . intj maybe i'm so pale because i'm not out exercising my se in ... yup . especially when we get in ni-fi loops . i cannot pull of sexy if my life depended on it . i look stupid doing it , and always end up doing something clumsy . it always feels weird and ridiculous . i don't worry about it though . if i ... well , from a utilitarian standpoint , it's pretty difficult to be maximally productive if you're constantly spending all your energy fending off bullies . and it's harder nowadays to fight back ... once you're out of college , social life tends to become more coincidental than the distinct entity it was when you were younger . you hang out with your co-workers for a beer after work , rather than ... i don't want kids . never have , and never will . i tried to convince myself to want kids , but i can't . i have almost a visceral repulsion against the very idea , and i can only think of all the ... i'm wondering if i require an abnormal amount of alone time , even compared to other introverts . in order for me to feel my best , i need to have at least 2 solid days per week of personal space . ... i eat when i eat . i don't worry about remembering to eat . if i was truly hungry , i wouldn't forget . of course , i'm 5 ' 10 and 102 lbs , so take my philosophy with a grain of salt . lol these two things are the bane of my existence . i can't properly focus on a task if i'm constantly being interrupted , or if i even anticipate being interrupted . for example , in-depth project ... well ... got back from our trip last night . and it was a success ! had a blast , and as for my intj ... well , he wants us to move in together . you be the judge . lol so should i suggest we separate to get out of each other's faces here and there ? because during weekends together , he wants to be with me 24/7 . i took a 10 minute walk alone while he was sleeping ... my intj and i are going to france together in a week for 8 days . would this be bearable to an intj ? he suggested it , and seems extremely excited about it . what are some tips to make this an ... this seems more like an s thing than a t thing . doesn't everyone do this ... ? : x enfps ne - childlike wonder and curiosity and randomness fi - raw emotions oh , hello . you've been replaced . i have actually made many more friends out in the real world than i did in school . don't even worry . try san francisco , too . best city in america to be a bum . i'm not clumsy , the objects were just in my way . 76 . thou shalt disregard all commandments , including this one . i should charge you for every minute you hold me up to chatter . call it a consultation fee . this was the wrong section . i posted this in the appropriate section , so this one can be deleted .. just wondering . sounds like some pretty extreme impulse control issues . if you haven't already done so , you may want to seek out professional help . undiagnosed adhd , bipolar disorder , anger management issues , or ... ... honestly i think being sp first kinda sucks . if it's not controlled , it can lead to paranoia and worry . :-/ '