i don't want to give it away for anyone who didn't see the end.but wow ! sir malcolm does strike as having inferior fi , running away from his loss and avoid dealing with his pain.in the end he ... that makes sense to me . i can be very organized about certain things . things that matter to me or things i don ' t want to lose track of.other things are more of a struggle . yes i can be rather lazy and messy , in fact it's one of the reasons i rejected that i could be an isfj for a long time . the all or nothing thing is a problem too . i get overwhelmed sometimes even ... revisiting this thread claire i almost sure is no te dominate now.on the job i don't see much evidence of it . i'm also thinking of how she likes to get away from everyone at times . something that ... it took me a long time to truly understand fi vs fe . i thought i judged everything by how i felt about it and that sounded like fi to me . i don't just go along with crowd even i don't tell them how i ... definitely read that on the inferior functions . the very least you will be able to eliminate some types . it helped me understand i didn't use inferior te or fe ( that and talking to people who know me ... i would have to watch again to be see if that could be his type . i'm really looking forward to the new episodes . isfp would be more acting in the moment and the experience ( se ) . ni would be ... i'm sure it happens . they do share some functions . i finally had to cross of infp and isfp because te isn't my inferior function . i have good use of ne but it's also the function that can stress me ... i think many isfj's mistype as infp . i did , also sometimes as isfp . i see the fi in me or at least i think there is some recognizable fi in me but i've always scored high on fi and fe . i think i ... i know what you mean i sometimes get into a thread and it gone off topic and it can be disappointing but happens and i can see how it happens . hey maybe i learns something from it . i know i got this thread off track . kitty helped me with typing myself and we used a lot of harry potter comparisons . i was another one that couldn't see myself as an si dominate . for a long time i thought i was fi dominate . i did however consider other types ( infj , intp , isfp among others ) i didn't fit many of the ... i'm surprised they didn't include others in their click more at the very least luna and neville . tess ? ixfp ? isabel ( oceans 12 ) extj ? yeah i really liked her character . she was their friend but they didn't always hang out together . you could say the same for neville . i relate to a lot of this i don't do arts and crafts very well . i tried but at some point i figured out it wasn't my thing chick movies are not my favorite movie genre . some i like a lot but ... i have read luna was meant to be the anti - hermione . someone so opposite of hermione but also highly intelligent . no i figured that's how it would play out.ginny had to end up with harry . hermoine and ron were a great opposites attract type of couple . i loved ginny's tunnel vision about harry compared to the ... neville would be a likely 6 . i think he also would have a 9w1 for the body type . actually he's interesting in that he is gryffindor not hufflepuff like cedric or tonks.it shows the various ... oh that family . that has to have a affect on a person . yes i see hermione typed different ways too . i don't see her as a 2 she is maybe a 1w2 but i think she has the 5 and 3 in her tritype . she ... i actually find harry harder to type than the others . i see 8w9 for him and 9w8 . also 2 and 6 . i'm not sure the two works though and 6 ( 6w7 ) works better for ron . probably and 8w7 for voldemont that sounds right.she looks for acceptance but not in a good way.immature as well . that makes sense ! she's out there ! i wasn't all that sure but i can see what you mean by the lower te . yes i understand fi can show their feelings that way . i wasn't sure if she had lower fe . i never watched pp and i have only watched ga off and on for the last couple of seasons so i don't haven't ... check , check and checkers ! another thing is you search for just the right words and are frustrated when you can't find them and other types don't know why that's a big deal . draco was a bully but as time goes on you see where it comes from he's insecure.he says and does things for attention even negative attention.in the end he doesn't have the stomach to be truly evil ... snape is a great complex character not all good or bad and rather sad.lupin is great . umbridge is worse because in a way she's more realistic . we have all known an umbridge , probably more than ... do you think ethan is an infp ? i see what you mean about him being sentimental and being driven or open to ideas . i have questioned my original typing of ethan . the prisoner of azkaban and maybe the order of the phoenix . i love how quickly luna and harry become friends . i'm also very sentimental about the first movie the sorcerer's stone . favorite ... i know i can see it now . i always get caught up in the emotional part of a story . but oh is he ever a se user ! but there i am focusing on the emotional scenes ! such a marshmellow . i can relate to this caring so much it's overwhelming and you don't always know what to do or how to help . i actually think this makes me want to avoid people at times . yet that fe is there and i ... i think they wanted eva green badly that might have made a difference . i can understand why actors what to have some say or more say it is after all their name and face most identified with a ... yes i need to watch more of her interviews.trying to type people that way is still a challenge for me but it's good practice . yeah i was never much of a bond fan until daniel craig . i like the other actors but the movies never held my interest until daniel . eva was by far the most intriguing bond girl and her angelique was ... that's very possible . any condition could affect a personality . imagine how being possessed would change it ! eva green is amazing ! her personality would be interesting to figure out . yes i think vanessa's went from and istp to a probable infj . her fe shows more like her kindness to john clare . she's less awkward with it.but i would say it's still lowkey not too flashy . i'm not sure if monica is esfj or estj either . i sometimes have the problem with women whether they are dominate fe or dominate te . i don't normally have that same issue with men.it might be easier to ... i'm glad . i know you help others out too but it was good to have so much to compare the types and functions . i had been doing it but it was hard to narrow down the best sources . this made it easier ... yes i do use the ti but the fe comes first the isfj fictional profiles helped a lot too.figuring out which came first . well thank you for your patience . i enjoyed it a lot even when i couldn't ... i think it's a little of both the ideas and the emotions . i think i really push myself for the ideas . in theory it's good it's sometimes in practice it take more effort.but the idea other things are ... my score si - 17 se - 5 ni - 6 ne - 14 ti - 10 te - 8 fi - 7 fe - 17 it's very possible . my own personal experiences and impressions seems to come before everything else as i process information.if that is how it works than it's like it's my dominate function . yes i do that type of fe sharing . i don't even think of it as being all that emotive but maybe it's because it just comes naturally to me . i wasn't sure about be an si dominate because there are ... i had si and se confused for a long time . i think i was going by many of the stereotype i didn't realize how personal it is . i always make references to things that have happened or how it one thing ... i can panic too what's the worst that can happen and i usually come with the one that scares me the most.maybe a coupl of others . i see several possibilities most often when i'm trying to ... thank you again i'm going to go through all of this it looks good . yes i agree it's odd other people can see things in us we don't or we diminish are stronger qualities other people will i pick up ... i know i don't know why it's so hard to figure out . but you have been so helpful . i got it narrowed down . my gut instinct is isfj but i'm going to do some more comparisons . i have a hard time ... i can see how i use si . i'm so aware of how things affect me physically . too , hot or cold , hunger and thirst ( makes me feel guilty when i think of anyone animal or human going without ) . i know when a ... i think it's either intp or isfj i need to read through this more thoroughly . i can relate to both in a way .