' korpasov thank you for clarifying ! i did want to throw this out there--i found it interesting in terms of psychological profiling . ted bundy was able to target key identifying features ... well , if you look into the cognitive functions that accompany the theory , you'll find this isn't the case . this is why we refer to it as guidelines . if you look at the cognitive functions ( ti / te , ... love the thread . but i will say , towards the end of bundy's career , he became increasingly more disorganized . he was often caught off guard in certain situations , causing him to improvise and ... when i drink , i get drunk . and it partially removes that filter i have stopping my thoughts from making it into the world , which can be very good or very bad , depending on circumstance . i also get ... you don't have to subscribe to this personality theory--it's just a theory after all . the real question seems to be why it bothers you so much ? i fully encourage you to do your own research over ... intj 1 . are your sentences short or long ? are you straight forward or avoid or divagate around the subject ? my sentences are short . pretty straight forward . 2 . do you speak calmly , loud ? do ... intj : psychology / anthropology i would definitely say intp . unless you're incredibly familiar with my thought processes , you're unlikely to know that there is a method to the madness . i can seem to have that natural flow , but in ... as an intj , i will say i prefer t . it seems i can deal with extroversion if they aren't so feeling-based . although i love my f friends , i definitely need to recharge after a while . infj : my ... i share very similar experiences with embarrassment and emotion . i am incredibly uncomfortable showing any emotion at all , especially positive ( it is much more difficult for me to fake a smile than ... i could tell you were one of us from the title . i just had to see if i was right ( of course ) . welcome . serial killers , nazi medical experimentation , nordic mythology . wow , i've got some dark obsessions right now . i won't get into too much detail since my knowledge on functional analysis is in no way extensive , but i did feel i had to throw out my two cents . from what you've described here , i would most ... hah i have not ! i'm very new to the test . i've read about it vaguely through my research , but i've yet to hit that as my main focus . i guess i should start ! i was actually referring to the levels of development , as in i'm an unhealthy type . i've never really identified with 8 , i'm surprised i came across as one hah tell them to shove it . you're an adult now , in charge of your own decisions . there is absolutely no reason they should have any say in the kind of apartment you should have or your marital ... i did quite like the intj / intp , but i did notice that most of the playlists all had the same genres in them , just with different songs . haha , ah , gotcha . well , i don't really have any specific references off the top of my head , except anna freud's the ego and it's mechanisms of defense . i don't have access to my library at the moment ... well , how i usually begin my research process is wikipedia . i'll gather the basics , organize it in a way that makes sense in my head , and then i'll go to google / google scholar , open like a million ... i always enjoy logical fallacies , those are a nice mix of debate and literature . also , since we're talking about faults , defense mechanisms are always fun . graphology is an interesting one--the study ... i just love personality theory . i've researched a lot of personality tests--but i like this one . i tend to favor many of jung's theories . what are your general interests ? warning : might be drunk . 5w6 , 1w9 , 2w1 this . i would say either an istj , intj , or intp . i think it would feel physically strange to yell . it happens sometimes , yeah , but that gives it more weight because they're used to quiet . now , i can't be completely certain , as just recently i've been familiarizing myself with functional analysis of types . but , what i've seemed to notice in your post is a lack of describing any ... i've made most of my close friends take the test ... there are a few who i'm speculative on , but i'd like to see what the test tells me . however , in my experience of testing about 5 or so people , i do ... pilus xiv this also comes as no surprise to me . compliments will make her slightly uncomfortable , but that doesn't mean she doesn't like receiving them . and even if she plays it off , keep giving ... pilus xiv i can't speak for your wife , but as an intj female , i totally relate to her unwillingness to discuss past relationships , sex , and intimacy . at least for me , these are all topics which ... perpetuallyreticent yes that clarifies things . but i was actually wondering about the missing numbers , as i lean quite heavily towards 9 . i was hoping maybe i'm not that bad , and perhaps just an 8 , ... hello - - i see this is an old post , but i just found myself typed as a 512 , did some research , and found this . i will disclose i've only recently familiarized myself with the basics of the test , and ... thank you all for the input ! perpetuallyreticent thank you for this ! very detailed information--which of course has me over-analyzing everything all over again . based on this , though , i still ... well , hmm . using this as a guide , i can certainly eliminate self-preservation ( although i do know many people like this ) . what sort of nonverbal behavior are you talking about in reference to sexual ... i've just begun familiarizing myself with this test , and i haven't gotten a terrible amount farther than where i was . but i read more about it , understanding very rudimentary aspects . i read about ... i was actually very curious to read other intj responses--good question for this type , as finding a significant other is often referred to as our achilles heel--and our tendency to look for a ... as an undergrad , i majored in psychology and minored in anthropology . i plan on applying to a phd program in either clinical psych or neuro . intj's are easily frustrated , but not easily angered . when they are though , at least coming from this intj , it can be a pretty explosive due to the underdeveloped f trait . and the explosion is mainly ... i'm the same way with my enfj best friend . she also brings out my playful side and i can bring out her seriousness . we compliment each other well . my other best friend is a ( male ) entp , the ... thank you all . i look forward to looking at that section of the forum myself . i look forward to mingling with the fellow masterminds . as for psychology : the areas i'm most interested in are ... hello , all . obviously , i'm new here . i've recently stumbled across the forum after my newly found obsession of encouraging everyone i know to take the mbti and analyzing all of their responses ... '