' result : tritype 145/451 / 514 . so not too bad at all ! i'm still waiting on a diagnosis ( in a week's time ) but i also am a 1 and believe what i've been dealing with is inattentive adhd . while i do believe it makes my 1ness appear different , i also ... skeletalz - i love death grips ! they are very 6 - 8 - 4ish but i sometimes wonder if the 4 is a disintegrated 1 instead . i think this is quite 1 , but it's also very 6w5 - you feel me ? ... according to the chart brightflashes posted , my status as an in * p ( it really depends where in my bipolar cycle i am for the f or the t , as sometimes i'm not very ... able to feel ) 1w2 is ... figure for type 1 seconded . be a healthy 7 , give them special attention . always gets me ! for what little it is worth , i type as 1 but previously typed as 4w5 before i realised what that reflected was a long history of depression / unhealthiness , and worked on recovering somewhat . i still ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSAIgEzXCHM : victorious : ( so accurate though ! ) from a quick stalk of you , stranger , i agree with what you have here - although i wonder if you've considered 3w2 rather than 2w3 ? i'm not sure what else to say since i've been so quiet here ... i'm an insta 7w6 - just add whiskey : crazy : laughing , playful , joking , very very touchy-feely , flirty as fuck , loud , ridiculous , but on the bad side i get really paranoid and confrontational . ... well . it's been great reading other 1s responses to these because i really do agree - i like to buy semi-high fashion labels and i stick like glue to the brands that i know make me look good ( top ... yeah , sure . for any art fans out there , it's by leonora carrington , who is a fantastic english mexican surrealist artist . i like her work in general but this is the only one that resonates per ... 1w2 616746  6167 54 616762  6167 86 a short shout out for those people who cited noam chomsky and serj tankian as 1w2 ; i don't see myself in a lot of people's 1 suggestions to the point where it's alienating and i do question myself ... ozzy and black sabbath are part of the black metal movement , at the very very start , which is essentially anti-christianity . associating christian iconography and narratives with sex , drugs and rock ... 7w8 bizarre mix of indulgence , hyperactivity and aggression in a song not surreptitiously hinting at a spontaneous orgy . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lITuHDdhdkw 9w8 so / sp it's funny you should suggest him , because i find myself going full will graham when i'm bad . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfqBRLoGgUc will's a 6w5 or a 5w6 , right ? nonetheless . i do ... i suspect ol ' molks is a 3w4 or a 4w3 , and this feels like that . little note since a lot of you guys have mentioned it for me , i've been reading up on / considering 6 seriously for a while recently . the deep and essential paranoia and defensiveness definitely rings ... this post really has me thinking ! the number one thing i can't relate to with 6 is how many writers say they form their ideas from an outside network ; take that away with introversion , mistrust and ... nerdy goff shit : metalocalypse nathan explosion : 9w8 sp / so ( 4 fix ? ) toki wartooth ( bumblebee ): 9w1 so / sp skwisgaar skwisgelf : 7w8 sx / sp william murderface : 8w7 sx / sp pickles : 6w7 so / sx ... interesting what gnothiseauton is saying . from your descriptions i am definitely 1 so / sx . i can elaborate a bit more later but i am just thinking now , it's only just hit me that while i feel very ... agreed on 1 for classical and punk . there's a few 1s in punk and a lot of 2s and ( counterphobic ) 6s in my local punk scene . i would argue 6 and 9 for the indie landfill as well , maybe a bit of 3 ... i'd like some alternate suggestions for salieri in amadeus , because as far as i can tell , his only 4 quality is his jealousy . i think we can agree he is dissolved , whichever he is . i draw this ... he's beautiful , kind , intelligent , my type , quiet , gentle , very sexy , peaceful , a good communicator , he isn't tangled up in my friends network , he lets me take the lead , our attraction is mutual , and ... thanks for the clarification - it was the end of your previous post that set off my heckles a little . i wasn't aware of your context there . while i'm not exactly stealth , i'm used to cis people ... i'd like to address the prompt more in depth in a little bit , but i'd like to mention at this point that it makes me very uncomfortable , as a trans person , to see cis people projecting / hypothesising ... as i've said before , 1s are ermines . bright , precise and capable of intense anger , we've all known a ferret with critical religious hangups and more than a few high profile court cases under its ... :d ry : : confused : : rolleyes : : wink : or for the folks at home she says we hurt each other without meaning to and neither of us can help it ( but i hurt him by hurting when he hurt me , and he hurt me by being totally fucking unable to control his urges ) . she ... so guess who had a sex dream about sobek , ancient egyptian crocodile-headed god , last night ? wtf the fuck as they say . similarly the 7s i know are fucking tough nuts to crack when it comes to their personal lives . there's this big , weird gulf where they just don't tell stories about their past / certain parts of their ... quang i think a number of 1s also need to reconnect with anger - they're constantly noted as blocking out and repressing anger as a bad feeling in the write ups . the thing is processing it right ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eO2jC_qmcEE 174 sx / so - kill your darlings ;) another lover hits the universe . the circle is broken . but with death comes rebirth . and like all lovers and ... for what it's worth , i'm an aspiring writer and the feedback i get from my writing groups and readings is regularly to the tune of the two sx-first results here . i'd be interested as to what ... for fun . :) best-best friend is isfj 3w4 sx / sp . absolutely obsessed with being original but it manifests primarily as looking quirky instead . i love her to death ; a person in equal parts ... type 8 , 5 and 7 . what was with some of those questions ? the majority weren't even choices - or rather , questions which i'd have answered both to , because one didn't preclude the other . i ... if you're curious about some type 1 villains , we have a thread here - here's a few from that thread , but you'll want to check out the original for greater depth . it's interesting that the ... 4w3 - original , with a connection to 7 and to 3 . oddly your list is similar to mine . i don't find many other felafel fans . he died with a felafel in his hand dogs in space taxi driver ... ouch , hello . that was relate-able . i'm not one for the vengeance though , really ; seeing my mess get their own was ultimately eclipsed by worrying greatly about their welfare . : o it may seem counter-intuitive , but i actually find this helps a lot and it's one of the arguments that's kept me going through the dark times . when you're in a desperate , grim position mentally , ... not 100 % on instincts but suspect sx / so ? 1w2 . been there . it's hard to explain exactly but for me it's an experience of intense emotional pain . i've likened it to feeling like you're bleeding out ... i have personally encountered 3s who are impulsive liars ( make up random shit about nothing particularly consequential - seems to be related to the thrill of pretending to be someone else ) , and 7s ... i don't agree , for a few reasons . i don't think ' intense connection ' is the same as ' connection for life ' . i desire close and strong connections with my partners , and my friends - and while an ... my understanding of 8s is a little behind so i'm open to the idea , true , would like to see what you have on it and learn a bit . it may also be that we've watched very different docos ; persons seeing ... i really like your 6 for ozzy , i can see this side pretty strong and i feel many would straight away go for 4 off stereotypes . he is definitely not a so first ! love 8 for joan jett too , you don't see ... i don't have a desire to weigh in on this conversation , but i'd like to note that i'm a he , not a her . i do not identify strongly with a gender identity ( in fact , i'd probably be what they call a ... i was going to complain about it unsolicited but instead i'll do it to someone who gets it : the next person who tells me i should be ' thankful ' for it because it gives me an ' enriched life ' can ... animal - you make a good point , and you're correct - i shouldn't have generalised . however , that does bring me back to the very inadequate distinctions between 4 behaviour and 1 behaviour and 4 ... '