' hi everyone ! i haven't posted here in a while . i'm having a rough time and was wondering if anyone could relate . i have had the amazing opportunity to study abroad for 6 weeks this summer . the ... and don't forget to be kind to yourselves as well http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4em5dcKKO1qh3c9yo1_500.png ugh you guys . i didn't even have the willpower to read through this whole thread because it made me too angry . the answer is yes . yes , you are all homophobic . i'm really really gay , and i'm ... definitely when i went to an explosions in the sky concert . or , the first time i heard this song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8XYrNrlBj4 ah wow , i'm surprised this thread is still going ! you guys are awesome :] i've actually been through quite the spiritual journey since that first post ... i've been studying philosophy quite a ... aww yes , sometimes dreaming is all that gets me by . my latest fantasy is falling in love with another musician , and then travelling across the country and playing music on the streets , camping in the ... yes , i live next to the cascades :) but in order to save gas , a lot of my mountain drives are imagined , haha sure :] too many songs in them to post the whole playlists , but ... mountain drive consists of songs that don't necessarily share any qualities , but somehow remind me of driving through the ... mixes from friends mountain drive piano music rain ( melancholy songs ) yeah ( collection of songs i'm currently obsessed with ... i know , the title is sooo original ) my favorites at the moment are dark dark dark fleet foxes beirut hey rosetta ! arcade fire regina spektor bright eyes explosions in the sky try to have a philosophical discussion with them . for example , what is insanity ? most of the sensors i know get frustrated with abstract subjects like this , but my intuitive friends are happy to ... i'm just a high school student with a part time job , but i really like it . i work as a page at the public library . basically , i shelf books for hours . it's very peaceful and therapeutic , and i ... characters that i've developed major crushes on : ben wyatt ( parks and rec ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEbHgSJsODY the tenth doctor http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vY_Ry8J_jdw i would say that i'm an idealist , but definitely not an optimist . i dream about the world being a better place , but i am depressed at the way it is now . i am also very cynical as to whether the ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m74cyuyWGF1rb8prjo1_500.jpg this blog is probably the greatest thing ever . i was so happy when i found it :) but to answer your question more thoroughly ... i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCA689lvfpI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNQmIzM7Bh0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luo4wUQMwYY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWlLPJG9Cvg to name a few ... all the time . one one hand , it's nice , almost like a compliment . i like to be taken seriously . on the other hand , it brings to mind some of my greatest flaws - being unable to live purely in the ... my favorite anime is definitely clannad / clannad : after story . it's very tragic , but infps seem to be attracted to sadness ... why are we such masochists ? ... i'm pretty sure my boss is an estj . we are in a musical group together . sometimes it's quite hard to deal with her , because she is very controlling and doesn't always know what she's talking about ... the downside to being so good at hiding your feelings : you cannot show them when you want to the most . D: how awful no infp countries yet ? ... switzerland , maybe ? : unsure : i'm not a huge fan of your stereotypical christian music ( it all just seems so recycled ) but , in my opinion , the music that glorifies god the most is the music that is truly beautiful and unique . it ... okay , but not all infps are like that . seriously . if someone called me a pet name like that i might have to slap them . just saying ... i actually didn't think the infp one fit at all . i realize ... i've come to the conclusion that it's not rejection i fear , but acceptance . what if everything happens as i would like it to , and it's not nearly as good as i thought it would be ? or what if it's ... istj i obviously can't talk for everyone , but i just try to be perfect around them , and sooner or later i try to flirt , but if i don't get the wanted response , i just wait for her to do the next ... i can relate to that a lot ... having trust issues , yet becoming attached to someone at the same time . it's weird and confusing . it seems cruel for her to send you an email about such an important ... the best way to decide is to look at the cognitive functions . an infp's dominant function is fi , and tertiary is ne . an infj's dominant is ni , and tertiary is fe . here is more info about the ... it's snowing ... i think this is what snow sounds like . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rF5NlC3Mtg i see music as less of a way to express emotion and more of a way to feel emotion , or embrace it . however , the logical perspective of music is an important component . for example , playing a ... true story . naw , just kidding , it actually doesn't resonate with me at all as an infp . i like to embrace sadness and wallow in it , as long as i'm not in the public . it's like mr . jung said , ... we are watching run lola run in my philosophy class ... it puts an interesting twist on a kind of generic plot line . before that , it was eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , which i would ... after a normal day at school , i need a few hours of alone time every night . alone time , meaning everybody else in the house is asleep or in a different room , and i can veg out with my tea and ... : o i want to go so bad ! the line-up is way too good to pass up . i actually live pretty close to the gorge , too . but it's just so expensive D: i've spent hours looking at this : cabin porn and following this guy's videos / blog posts : andy stewart on vimeo it would be a wonderful life ... but it would also subject me to criticism from ... you know how when you close your eyes in bed , you see these crazy patterns on the insides of your eyelids ? like fireworks or kaleidoscopes ? but then the moment you notice and start to look for the ... oh , i just posted something like this in the random thoughts thread , but here goes : my mom recently dug up these letters that i wrote to her when i was little . when she was angry , she would say ... i'm sorry that you don't get along with your mom :( i may have made it seem like my mom is a terrible person in that post but she is fantastic ! i would consider her one of my closest friends , even ... my mom is basically the queen of guilt trips . when i was little , instead of yelling at me when i did something wrong , she would say things like i'm disappointed in you , because for me it was a lot ... you're not intruding ! i don't know who it is you speak of that doesn't like other types posting here ... but personally , i love to see others engaging in our conversations . :) it is an internet ... i can't say that i like or dislike extraverts in general ... it depends entirely on the individual . some extraverts can be like my savior , rescuing me from an awkward situations and putting me at ... doctor who . music . tea . fantasizing about conversations that will never happen . music . instant netflix . things that are sad . music . obsessively finding flaws with my religious beliefs and ... sure , that's no problem at all ! ( freaking out inside ) i agree that actions can be more accurate than words when typing someone , but i think that body language is irrelevant . for example , what do they do with their free time ? how do they interact with ... http://img03.blogcu.com/images/d/a/v/davidtennant/3cefcb3d705787f109c9e55911ef320f_1298063371.jpg these two examples kind of confuse me ... cold as ice meaning reserved around people ? ( both intp's and infp's can have this quality . ) and what does taking pictures have to do with the t / f ? my intp ... my hair's really curly , so i kind of just give up on managing it ... i have the entire soundtracks to little shop of horrors and bye bye birdie on my ipod , but that's just because i've played piano for both of them at my high school . we did little shop last year and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlVHXixAWvs not sure if it's meant to be religious , but it certainly is to me . can't believe this hasn't been mentioned yet ! basically the entire soundtrack of amelie ... yann tiersen is a genious . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATJtD54Ko10 and of course , pride and ... it doesn't really matter . it could be a sad book , or a stubbed toe , or the fate of the human race ... i don't care . crying is such raw expression of emotion ... embarrassing , yes , but bonding too ... '