' i think she's probably 315 . i know she's definitely a 3 . she always changes her views to compete with other people's . she always changes her positon to appease the public . she's all image . i could ... i really don't see much fe or ti in him . his approach is very much based on universally accepted ways to approach science and make it more effective . he's not like neil degrasse tyson who is clearly ... well that is really the best information we're going to get from someone like this . believe me , if i could speak to bernie myself and ask him typology-related questions to determine his type i would ... manson's aggressiveness is associated more with his mental illness than anything else . with that said , he is no typical case of any type . that point must be made clear before people jump to ... charles manson : enfj i don't care how enfp he seems . the guy was deranged . of course he seems all over the place . the guy had a lot of charisma and seemed to focus a lot on interpersonal ... i would have to say that he's an intj . ni-subtype . as clinton has said about him he is a very one-issue politician , which he took as a compliment . he focuses on the big picture about what needs to be ... there aren't many real videos of entjs on youtube . wondering what you think of this person and if he's a genuine entj . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pkkoh5BIKM#t=356 there are so many things wrong with this . first of all , these are associations not correlations . there is nothing that actually verifies this information and is just as speculative as any other ... jeff : estj 3w4 clearly tries hard to be a big shot . very competitive , but also cunning , strategic and knows how to plan . he is rarely influenced by other's feelings until he deeply considers it . he ... my own song atm . sent from my d2206 using tapatalk paul simon is really closer to being an infp 9w1 and art garfunkel is probably an infj 4w3 . paul was never confident and always was afraid of hurting others especially when art pretty much took the ... i would have thought he'd be some isfp or infj even too , but when i really started digging and looking into the message it wasn't symbolic ( ni-se ) or really based on a system of ethics at all ... i would have thought he'd be some isfp or infj even too , but when i really started digging and looking into the message it wasn't symbolic ( ni-se ) or really based on a system of ethics at all ... that would explain why i love his humor so much . i have always found him difficult to type but initially saw him as some sort of ixxp type other than istp . he seems very strange , but somehow he ... he is certainly an infj ( ni subtype ) . he is a very abstract person and usually draws parallels between different perspectives . he will see the order of humanity past , present and future and is much ... i've always wondered . he must have an amazing si to be able to execute such technical ability like that but he relates a lot of concepts to his work . it's like theories based on nothing . basically people just didn't get along for different reasons so i can't really reduce it to one thing . in essence we had a chemistry or vibe and some people didn't go with that i suppose . it's ... it seems like an fe thing in general . i had a huge skype group for people interested in typology and it basically got fucked up because of everyone hating each other . so now i have one person and that's about it . do you have skype ? seems se dom to me . i think more things are mundane than most people would which would be a pretty sx thing i suppose . but who really enjoys doing groceries and things that they have to do ? this is definitely a good starting point for new people who need simplification and to tie up any misinformation . i would say though that 2s underlying motive would be more to gain attention or ... we don't create the laws , we only enforce them is a motto that is chanted by police til the end of time . there will never be any change in the system if nobody creates that change . there's nothing ... mutual pedophilia and bestiality is a basic right for all citizens . non-functioning retards should be killed at birth with better genetic understanding ( thinking ahead ) . just because you love them ... most of my thoughts don't really tend to be irrational , but i get a lot of intrusive thoughts and have shown some obsessive symptoms , although i wouldn't be fully sure if i could be diagnosed with ... i would say that she's an istj 4w3 . it might sound strange coming from a musician . but it seems like she is actually a very direct person when you look at her interviews . but on stage , she has these ... edit : the english teacher wasn't who i was talking about . it was that lady who supported patrick swayze's life philosophy or whatever . also , i'd have to type frank as infj . it's almost in a way ... best fit for types donnie : istp - challenges established ways of thinking about things . when he has to deal with his teacher saying is this scenario love or fear he knows it's not as black and ... if you think about it enneagram type is just going from most basic human interaction to most complex . i have a theory called enneagram wheel of relations . 1 = improve self 2 = improve others 3 ... http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/92604-you-cant-type-characters.html you're welcome . yes , ne-ti is going from idea to idea , then later on puts it all together with ti in a logical relationship . ne is getting the idea of things and ti is measuring that idea . ne tests it out , ti ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0WI5M7umAI there are many things wrong with this . first off , the difference isn't that intps are negative and entps are positive . intps simply use deductive and ... he's a good , sorry , amazing lyricist . probably the best songwriter ever . the shakespeare of our time . having all the qualities to write in a metaphorical , poetic direction is what makes a good poet ... because any type that isn't an n isn't allowed to be deep . stop rambling and pretending to sound deep . honestly . wrists . slit . on it . you don't need to live by mbti like everyone else , thinking their type makes them so special and unique . you can just use it as a way to make life easier , by clumping people into categories to ... hello . me and my infj friend are interested in skyping . i've had a group for a while now and it's been great . feel free to add my skype ... tobeythetruckdriver and my friend aaronbkrebs . then what do you propose ? esfp . no . whichever one i don't like . * pulls type out of hat * this week it's esnj ? what do you mean by don't say it as an intp would ? can you please expand on this ? why's that ? keep trying people . 1.is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , speciallife circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... patience is a virtue , my friend . i am really concerned with the types and the ordering of the functions . how does an individual use ti dominant and ne auxiliary ? what is the explanation for this ? childhood is like that . you're always told by other people what to do and the moment you become an adult it all changes . there's nothing special that makes you yourself change leading up to ... actually most entps tend to do a lot with their lives . so much that it is hard to organize all of their dreams and ambitions in a stable way . they are really not as directionless as they appear . one ... i don't think all enfjs necessarily are feminine . look at charles manson or anton lavey . some just really have high opinions on how fair the world is and that's where they get their extroverted ... '