' yes i have . when i was acting in tenth grade , our acting teacher told the group that we have to act out more since our expressions aren't obvious enough for the audience . she then turned to me and ... i always wanted to start some sort of creperie ( still do ) . because i realized crepes can come in many different flavors , i experimented and found out that crepes taste mad good with dulce de leche or ... i always like to get something new when i go to foreign restaurants . unless i know the restaurant well enough and have been there enough to say that there is only one good dish owww yes , screw society sometimes >=( lots of people ask if i'm gay or comment on the clothes im wearing that they give off the wrong message and i hate it , i wish society would accept us for who ... knowing two enfjs i do agree that they can seem ingenuine , almost like a photoshopped photo . they are very nice and always love to help you out with your problems , but sometimes i want to know about ... which ones do you know ? pan's labyrinth : infp protagonist , raging estj antagonist fight club : ixfj protagonist , extp antagonist lima seems sp too , but there is a very strong underground vibe and art is very important . it is a straight cut p , since nothing or nobody is ever on time , but on the plus side no one expects you to ... ti or se are at the top of my list . ti use can be annoying since it requires attention to small details and involves picking things apart which is terrible for me because my ne sees everything as one ... the best place for nf would be in the big cities of latin america . lima peru is fantastic , with a decent pace of life considering its size and strong bohemian roots . best part is that the people are ... i'm skeptical of the cascades , seattle is famous for the seattle freeze which is not very nf-like . usually i think nfs appreciate warmth and openness . nyc is amazing but it's a city that really ... yes , se doms are scary when it comes to reading people . esfps and estps i know are the biggest manipulators i assume he is entj . i don't think you need fe to be good at public debates , fi can read people too , just on more of a personal level i've been playing purple rain on loop for a while now , that song is so emotionally powerful and touching ! im more attracted to xnfjs and isfps usually , especially infjs well not this year , but yeah we're usually pretty good :p i like his attacking style but i don't like that even though he literally just started he's already playing favorites and showing ... oh well i love la liga but i'm actually a valencia fan :) but james is my favorite player because he made me fall in love with football at the world cup ! i feel so sad when zidane doesn't play him ... me too , i'm horrible at anything that involves hands . i can't even blame mbti for this one since i've always been terrible with my hands as well as spatial awareness . i think it's because our si is ... enfp joker - i read the comic where he turned into the joker and i really relate to the situation that drove him crazy , especially the way people dismissed his true feelings because they thought ... i'm starting to get the idea that the extroverted and introverted versions of the same function are not that different at all . i know an infj friend who seems to have the most stereotypical ne ever , ... oh she might actually be enfp from what you're describing , i completely relate to wanting to do 364828 things in a really short period of time and then ending up either not doing them or doing them ... i had a really big one after losing weight my freshman year of college . at first it felt good but then i actually felt kind of angry for a few months because i saw how differently people treated me ... yes ! walt disney and mark twain were enfps , after all i think you just like being dramatic why are you being flamboyant all of a sudden , you arent even gay usually i struggle with isfp x infp ... well the difference between me and my esfp friend is that he's much more into action . i say hmm that would be cool and he's like let's do it ! however he also ... my favorite are the enfx politicians . many enfjs are the civil rights leader types who take care of the poor and oppressed people in society . famous enfjs and enfps are the small country leaders who ... it's easy to mistype infps a lot , either with enfps , isfps , or intps as you said . i assume if an infp is not comfortable showing their feelings that's when confusion starts i don't think mbti is very good in predicting relationships , just because each mbti type is different . for example my ideal type is supposed to be intj , but my feeling is a lot stronger than my ... new york new york i love new york but i do dream of moving to south america ! i went to lima for half a month and i loved how social everyone is and non-pretentious imo with all girls it's different , some girls like to take relationships slow as molasses while others eye you up straight away ! i went on a date with one girl and all we did was make out on the ... yeah maybe she just really wasn't in the mood for anything that night and just wanted to stay at home with a tub of ben and jerry's . enfps tend to be inconsistent texters , even if i really like a ... istj - handshake infj - quick hug isfj - big hug istp - fist bump intj - wave from a distance infp - kiss on one cheek enfp - kisses on both cheeks intp - flash the live long and prosper ... isfjs are something like 15-20 % of the population so i think they should be a lot more common on here than they really are . i think a few infjs we see here must be mistyped isfjs it's completely ... what do you guys think ? isfp and infp - both types are spontaneous , artsy , quirky , and seem to love humanitarian matters . isfp's tertiary ni makes typing them even harder esfj and enfj - both ... isfps and esfjs . isfps have ni as their third function , while esfjs have it as their third , so there could be quite a bit of confusion ! yeah unfortunately that's the number one thing i think of when i hear estp , but i know not all you guys are like that i think enfps have a really good reputation so i'm not really embarrassed se stare can be quite hot i think too . idk it just has that sexiness to it , that can be hard for other types to replicate . i mainly have that notorious russian blank stare that seems to scare a lot ... yes , no doubt about it . many times for me it's insanely hard to tell apart infps and isfps , whereas the differences between the ixtjs or the extps are as clear as night and day . listen to a lot of ... esfjs and isfps since i think they're wildly misunderstood online and in real life . i believe most esfjs have good intentions at heart and are not the blonde cheerleaders that everyone imagines ... tbh i think all exxps have problems with commitment , it's too hard for us to focus on just one thing when there are so many possibilites out there ! i'm an extoevert but very shy , partially i think because i was very chubby growing up which caused me to live in a shell . i lost mad weight a couple of years ago and im quite cute now so im not as ... 1 ) i'm not particularly attracted to intj girls 2 ) i'm ocd about my appearance and the way i come off to others 3 ) don't have great persuasive skills 4 ) i looove gossiping and drama 5 ) i think ... i think he's either enfp or esfp , both would make sense . you could tell he has a strong fi my bad , i should've specified workaholic to mean xstjs . xstps could be quite lazy though ! i dated an istp girl once and she was at peak laziness 24/7 . my roommate can be quite lazy sometimes too , but ... i prefer spending money on experiences , so i feel like absolute shit buying a 20 dollar charger , but have no problem spending 600 dollars on a vacation . actually i dont like saving money at this age , ... fi is responsible for socializing too , since it empathizes with people and reads emotions i usually don't have problems with sfs , but rather sts . sfs can be imaginative too and also i love their fe rants that they're famous for , especially since my fe is really developed . but dealing with ... i dont like the impersonal dancing like in reggaeton or the random club dances . i do love couple dances though , like salsa and bachata . i'm not too good at dancing but i feel like when i dance with ... oh wow i never even realized this , but it would make sense . we're very in tune with other people's feelings so we read into their body language too much sometimes , or we can just overwhelm people ... i'm a jewish enfp , but im culturally jewish as opposed to religiously . i feel like the greatest value of religion is its cultural value , the way it unites people and brings them together i'm really jealous of esxps , the way they can just enjoy life as it is , instead of constantly looking for something better like us enfps . i dont like being intuitive , especially always having that ... '