' heheh . i'm having fun reading these responses . i guess i hide things sometimes when backs are turned , or change backgrounds on computers when people aren't looking . nothing meaningful , really ; ... this . i really wish my isfj friend , whom i've known for years , understood this . ... you have a phobia of the future . ... when you are forced to plan , you get extremely stressed out . ... you help your j friends relax and are the chill person to go to . goodness , we live the same lives ! how about ... when your own feelings are hard to grasp ? i have a hard time figuring out if i truly believe something i say , or if i'm just trying to gather up ... haha , funny thing , i don't like them either , but attributing one to a tardis is frikkin hilarious . =D female entp + male infp ... so far , it's great . i'm helping him open up , and i find him to be extremely interesting and trustworthy / loyal . just need to give enough comforting vibes so infps open ... awesome , it's such a great game . =D you won't be disappointed ... well , unless you get frustrated at some of the more difficult puzzles ...  ... but i'm not sure how you get i out of wheatley ? or ... i want to know what you guys think . here are my very quick thoughts : glados - intj chell - istp wheatley - enfp cave johnson - entj i would just like to say , that i appreciate everything you do for me . and i love being your friend , and hope that we can continue to be friends for a very long time . i hope you are having a great ... i would just like to say , that i appreciate everything you do for me . and i love being your friend , and hope that we can continue to be friends for a very long time . i hope you are having a great ... i can see entps being wanted by the mafia . buuut maybe that's just me . now , whether this affects life expectancy or not is beyond me , as it depends on how elusive an entp is . elusive entps = ... i've been questioning on if i have add or not ( i wouldn't say i have the type with super-high energy all the time , i'd say that's pretty well-balanced for me , but more of the type with the ... ohhh man . i question authority and why do we do the things we do on a freaking daily basis . like today , when i as talking to my newswriting teacher , and i asked why they write leads a certain ... this sounds a lot like me . it's good to know i wasn't the only unhappy , introverted entp who didn't date , etc . =D * high five * heyheyhey , so i was thinking about dyeing my hair , possibly a dark blue . it would be something that differentiates me from the crowd , and it'd look cool too . this summer i just think i've turned into ... college . oh yes . we're all mad there . 8D i enjoy the large amounts of posts , interesting topics and general activity in this forum . it just keeps going ... and going ... and going ... ... not infp , but i saw someone was wondering about other types and if they're seen as weird , and yeah i definitely am , to the point where i rarely talk to the people at my work because i just find ... i hate the phone . i'd much rather talk to someone in-person or through e-mail . once i begin talking to someone i know on the phone i can become very chatty , but i'm talking more along the lines of ... ... donna noble from doctor who . okay , so i think it would work ! if i trade my soul for everything , that would mean that after the trade , the everything would include my soul and the guy i sold it to ! =D so i'd end up with ... there's an entj i know that i've never seen cry . but once she told me about her day and that she went back to her room and cried over someone taking her idea that she had been growing and planning ... an infj i know wanted to be a psychologist that deals with teenagers . something about how they're the most in-need of guidence , which makes sense . i've been raised as a christian ( estj mom drilled it in , infp dad as well ) , but now i'm questioning my beliefs like crazy . it's just so hard to shake off when i've been living with it my entire life ... i plan . sometimes . and like you , i rarely follow through with them . yeahhh , you're still entp . : wink : my entj friend follows through with her plans every time and keeps a planner to make sure ... i dooo ~ although there are some people who think i'm the funniest person in the universe . those people are most likely the least sensitive people on the globe . : i'd love to use that idiom ... super shy , was pushed to be an istj , just didn't know myself all that well . so glad i'm beyond all that . i'm just so free . everything . hm . would that even work ? my mind is spinning just thinking about it . i get along well with nfs . usually nfjs , but recently i found an xnfp and she's awesome too . but i've never been with one . i had an infj as a roomie , that was fun ( i got her into new things and off ... crazy ? sometimes . but more often than not unique , weird , and quirky have been used . i take ' em as compliments ! that means i'm different from the general masses . =D my personal experience : we're magnetic and people tend to come together through us . we introduce new things into the world and everyone else who's already magnetized to us finds something they never ... i was thinking more along the lines of actually giving an entp to someone for their birthday , but that works too . 8D i do make amazing cards that leave people laughing their asses off . yes . it's embarrassing ... but i've seen a psychologist in the past and she says it's necessary for most people , and i'm trying to work that into my set of principles so i don't feel like a ... leadership = medium . i'll try to get away with not leading since it's too much work most of the time , but if others are incapable i'll step up to the plate and whack a home-run . also , if i'm ... i'm often called funny , quirky , and just fun to be around . we make great gifts for birthdays . 8D * jumps into a giftbox * hey , just figured out i'm entp after about a month of researching . intp no more , man . ( although they are very similar due to functions . ) anyway , i agree with ray , here . i tease people , and it's ... thanks for making this thread , op . i'm currently trying to decide if i'm intp or entp as well , and a lot of the entp discussions on this board really do relate to me . especially since entps are more ... ha , no worries , i see the merit in your remark , and i'm not about to go all sensitive on you . nor will i lie on something i think i can agree with due to past experiences . pfft , i'm aware . : tongue : there are certainly times where i say things that mirror the entp and get ( sometimes hilarious ) reactions , and other times when i keep things to myself to avoid getting ... smug , egotistical attitude . = very . i'm starting to wonder if i'm an entp , honestly . random witty crap shoots out from my mouth at the speed of light and i'm joking ... well , most of the time . i do wonder if people take it the ... : nozomu is definitely a super-negative infp . fuuka could be xnfp . leaning more towards enfp . talking about yuki nagato : she's definitely an intx . : i'm curious as to ... be any of the following : enfp esfp isfp intj entj istj isfj entp i've never had sex with anyone . i fear the consequences , and try to convince myself that i'm interested in more important things ( mostly nerdy pursuits ) . i don't want to risk getting an std or ... oh snap , this has just been proven . =D eh ? i don't see nerd being a negative term , but i suppose it depends on the tone of the word when it's said . i associate it with smart people , especially ones who are into what people would call ... i tend to be calm , unless i get embarassed or something drastic happens ( death of a loved one , etc ) . and when i'm tired i'm much much much more prone to emotional outbursts ... this includes sadness ... eh , i toss the insult you're stupid around in so many different scenarios that it doesn't seem like it really means anything , more like it's used whenever i'm annoyed with something or someone and ... oh yeah . nerd , geek , dork , weirdo , quirky , you name it ... i enjoy it when people refer to me in that manner . it works . your type is esfj extraverted - 33 sensing - 62 feeling - 62 judging - 67 you are : '