' connections , deeper then intentions , infections within hidden lessons , detections , of miss spelt progressions , leave intersubjective connections . eyes see pollution , minds feel confusion , lies hear misconception , truth speaks solution . this is harder then the larger numbers , like crafting thunder to jump start summer , regretful i am firm believer of feeling out your emotions , what ever come after is just its natural path . but meditation or aggressive exercise or some kinda of ventilation is my 1st choice like poems / music ... the truth . i guess i was trying to find a reason to make it hard in hope the hardship would make me stronger then i feel . hmm , so much i still need to learn . thanks every one for the thoughts .  ... thanks 4 the advice , so needed , thank you . just to make it clearer on the two options . one is hard , blood sweat and tears meaning id be working for scraps of food , working my fingers to the bone ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrlVg48-f94 good mental conditioning for the hours of training ahead well the problem is , im not in a very stable place in my mind and universe at the moment . mental health / physical health and recently my world has fully collapsed . no work , no roof over my head im ... hey every one , i really need some advice right now . can some 1 please lend me some wisdom . relieved , impatient , excited . yeah man thats the truth about it but i still havnt found that medium i can use to escape my thoughts yet . thanks for the advice thanks for that , made me lol :P . that some insightful advice , i don't no why i haven't thought about doing this ! ty not sure how to tag but hope that works lol . all good advice ... so today i endured one of those days where it feels like the emotion that influences your every day manifests it self into a universe of dense negativity and every thought every action you enforce to ... spent a good few minuets thinking about this . part 2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nCp2zqRsQw making this thread to bring up tom campbell's name and is answer to who we are . thank my post if u liked this thread or spent the time listing . if i get enough ill post more part 1 ... im a cancer , iv read a bit into it and it seems to fit me well but im sure its just a coincidence . not sure . my view on it changes . it depends what mind state i'm in at the time . is that good or bad ? ? no . friends with benefits never works . no matter who u are . one will all way fall for the other . well , with my experience anyway . im humble i wish hold inner peace . i wish 2 have the power to influence people positively with every interaction . i wish to be the change i wish to see in the world . iv tryed to edit it twice but , no good . dnt even know why that video came up ? lol , must of copied it by mistake . that was a video i was half watching at the time . the video i was trying to post was ... brittauzenne yeah , drifting can be real fun . need a few sets of tyres tho lol . fender , nice . i got a old fender squire , a classical that was my 1st and a acoustic . my style ? umm i dnt realy have a ... brittauzenne doesn't work for me , just keep doing this circle loading thing , oh well . bjj is brazilian jiujitsu . ground fighting . if u have watched ufc the people who grapple on the ground are more ... dave . o wen i started this i was a bit high , but not so much any more . still feeling the good buz tho . that is some solid advice man , made me smile and contemplate about life . if only some 1 told me this a few years a go lol inspiration is hard to find in people thes days . sorry about the late reply , ended up getting into a deep convo with a mate on fb lol . im not sure how to tag people in here , think its just a @ with name ? brittauzenne what up brittuzenne , is that u in ur dp ? u take real good photos lol . my hobbies ? well i love training parkour and ... hey , what up people . im making this thread cuz im bord n feel real chill . any 1 wona talk ? i dnt care what topic , just wona dive head 1st into a convo . most the extroverts i know , wish they where introverted . then they walk off having a shouting conversation with each other . so i dnt know lol 20 m . live in new zealand . love sports . snow boarding , skating , drifting ( well more skiding but i like to say i can drift ) drawing , kick boxing , writing poems , reading random stuff . i live for ... it depends on each person and how much the thing feeds your own desire and imagination . with me i get addicted to a few things at once . i try and do this on purpose cuz i find if i spend all of my ... im wondering if any of u guys could help us out with this . i find it hard to focus on anything for long periods of time , even more so with boring or uninteresting topics . i never listened to the ... its gots be the large rain drops on a calm dark night and the immensely foggy mornings . i think people think to much . i think its the downfall of great minds to think to deeply into certain subjects . honestly i find religion to be a restriction . i understand why people follow them tho . but with me , i have that urge to find that passion in my beliefs . and walking down the same road till the ... dreams only really affect me in the way that im all ways daydreaming about it for the rest of the day . doesn't really affect my mood that much , other then im spaced thinking about it for part of ... hey man and welcome . my hobbies are , poems , drawing , exercising , mauy thai , parkour , playing and writing music . interests are music , working out , training , body anatomy , architecture , parkour , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3_SzJDuh8s love the herbs , but only when im in that mind set . i only use it when im stressed ( hardly ever ) or when im maken music or drawing , helps me sink deeper into the depths of creativity . partys are also ... i have headphones around my neck or on my head like 98 % of the time . it doesn't really block out thoughts , as much as it influences them . but that could just be the type of music i listen to . i also ... being a infp is like liven in two different reality's i'm training to be a personal trainer so i have to work out with lots of people . it doesn't bother me much , but i do prefer to work out alone . i go at my own speed and think more clearly when im ... talking or thinking about things that mean a lot to me . emotion tends to spark a lot of creativity for me , whether its sad or excited emotions . when im on that buzz i cant help but do something to ... just thought id share some information that i think we all should know and think about . keep a open mind . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJiCU6Jw0Co ... depends wot im thinking about . if im haven a deep far out thought , i tend to look at the floor but if im just liven in the moment i take in every thing i see , so my heads all over the place can any one recommend some good books ? don't real read much but i am trying starting to , just don't really know what to read . life with super powers ? what power would u have if this was possible . i like the idea of sticky hands and feet to clime high buildings / cliff faces n check out the view . i rap but i like to call it rhymes or poems . im a small group of two but also in a crew of 12 '