' * facerolls * every single time someone says it gets better . yes . maybe it got better for you . that does not mean it always gets better . the reason you hear people say it gets better is because ... shinji from evangelion . hrm . it's no big secret ? i wouldn't really call myself intelligent , wise or creative . i don't think that this world is stupid or sub par , or any of those other things that you said . it can be insane ... really ? i must not be one of the two then , because i've never really experienced this so called high high . probably not good for the health : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv96yJYhk3M ehh . i don't like that . the whole point of suicide isn't to end your life because you want to . we don't want to end our lives . we want to eliminate the bad . we don't enjoy living enough to go through ... well ... i was never really implying that infps are all suicidal or anything . was just wondering if there was a correlation between depresson / suicide and infps . well yeah , i've already got the answer ... well ... i can't say i agree . to me , my subconscious both wants to get better and get worse . i actually don't know . i just know that ... i'm pretty messed up in the head , haha . not like .. mental or ... thank you ... haha . hmm . interesting . yeash , it would be cool if you could go into more detail ! shhh i'm bad at figuring , haha . can you just tell by talking to someone what type they are ? i'm certainly not experienced enough to do that . i'm not here to argue . i just think it's ridiculous that you'd go into a thread where at least one person has suicidal tendencies , and then proceed to say negative things about people who are like ... lmfao . so why are you posting here then ? do you enjoy putting people down ? do you get off by making people feel like shit ? o_o aren't infjs the rarest ? > _ < and yeah . talking to certain people helps . some people ... they want to talk to you to help , but their words only make you feel worse , and some people are good at the ... wows . i thought i was somehow in a good mood for once . if any post could have pushed me back down again , yours would be the one . i don't think that was your intent , but wow . holy crap . reading that ... o_o wows . thanks for sharing your story . i also overdosed on sleeping pills . i never got medical attention for it , i never really let anyone know . hopefully it won't happen again :/ well , i'm alright in this moment right now . i tend to sway uncontrollably for the most part D: uhhm . but if i die tomorrow it won't be because of suicide . that's all really . maybe you're right , maybe you're wrong . i don't particularly believe in any sort of spiritual things like that .. so yeah . to me it's like ... even if there's 1 % that wants to live , it's completely ... what's that supposed to mean ? is your mom still alive ? you might be able to fin out still by just asking her questions about your dad and how he really was . of course , that wouldn't work though if she didn't know those kinds of ... hmm . that makes a lot of sense . in my case , you'd be exactly right , especially about being prone to interpreting deeper issues and internalizing them . yeah . cool , thanks . hell , i wasn't . i was terrible at school . i wasn't inherently bad at it . if i focused and paid attention then i could do things relatively easily . the problem was that i couldn't focus at all in ... ok . who's adam ? eh . i've always felt i related to kurt a lot . the whole reason i wrote this is naught but 30 minutes ago i learned he was an infp , and it just got me thinking about suicide and stuff . anyways . thanks ... hey guys . just making a post on here . i was kind of curious what you guys think about infps and suicide ? the only infps that i've ever talked to are all suicidal , as am i . i've tried to kill myself ... type 1 perfectionism 28 % type 2helpfulness | | 60 % type 3image focus | | 56 % type 4individualism 72 % type ... no ... no . no . i think i should have realized that posting a thread here wouldn't do anything but repeat to me things that i already know . a waste of time , just like my life i guess . anyways , thanks ... tell me , guys . what's the point of living if you don't enjoy life , don't love yourself , and aren't willing to change ? it's quite hard not to worry when worrying has become part of your inner being . alright . now i'm just even more confused . i'm done with this . i don't know what to do . reading more about it just confuses me more . i guess i'm just too dumb to understand it . i'm still just going to ... very insightful . thanks . * sigh * :[ i truly want to know . i've been incredibly depressed for many years , now . i feel like my entire life has just been in a slow but constant regression that i can't seem to pull myself out . a ship that ... alright , well . i decided to just do a google search for differences between infp and isfp because i'm having trouble understanding the functions and what they mean . i spent a good 4-5 hours just ... well , herein lies the problem , i'm absolutely terrible at choosing which of the functions fit me . i read them both , feel like i relate to them both equally , and then i feel stuck , because i'm unable ... bluh . everything is just confusing me . overload of info . i just feel like giving up right now . sick of taking all of these tests , annoyed that the more that i read , the less i understand , and tired ... alright , i'll read some stuff then . you mentioned a link , though . i don't see a link anywhere : x i was reading the cognitive function forums a bit , i read a few of the stickies there . is there a ... i will say that i don't take them seriously , as i can find things that i relate to in all of them . it just seems that i relate to some of them quite a bit better than the rest . anyways , i don't ... i took a test at a different website and got infp - the dreamer temperament : nf ( visionary ) primary function : introverted feeling population : 2 % ( 1.5 % male , 2.5 % female ) ... the first few tests that i took on different websites told me i was an intj . i assumes that's what i was , until i read intp and related to that closely , too . i was confused , and didn't know what i ... alright . later , thanks for the help ! alright , same as before . as an infp , your primary mode of living is focused internally , where you deal with things according to how you feel about them , or how they fit into your personal value ... alright . this post's going to be long . i'm going to go over everything that personalitypage says , starting with isfp . my text will be in bold , personalitypage will be regular . as an isfp , your ... i can say that i don't think i know enough about them to make a decision . i mean , i've read plenty of things about them , but i don't think that i have enough knowledge to tell you what one i relate ... all of this , i would say i strongly relate to it all . fi people are typically very good at picking up emotional vibes in the tone of voice and word choice of others . they often know what you're ... after reading some of the stickies over at cognitive functions thread , i just feel like it's what i relate to more than any of the other functions . all of the other ones just seem ... cloudy to me ... alright , so . i'm going to post this questionnaire for you guys . after reading a bit about cognitive functions , i do not really fully understand them and all of their intricacies , but i think that i ... hmm , actually , well now i'm very confused . i thought i was infj after reading a summary of infj here on this website , then i took some other tests and they said infp ... now i took a different one ... '