' 11words of affirmation 10quality time 6physical touch 3receiving gifts 0acts of service khan academy can teach math to anyone who has a desire to learn . otherwise , i'd rather save my money and use it towards something more meaningful , like a can of dr pepper 10 . public education , ... yes this happens frequently i have friends and family that are esfp , infj , infp , and esfj - those of which don't bother me too much . the enfj that i know really does bother me though . i don't know why the enfj bothers me ... words of affirmation quality time that's how i can feel loved great question , i love love . love is a wonderful thing . it's not something that you can entirely wrap your mind or heart ... i like to test people to see if my own theories on their behavior patterns are correct . it's sad that 90 % of my tests ( which i'm sure other intjs have found too ) show that people are pretty ... i usually tap my tongue to the top of my mouth in some kind of rhythm if i'm thinking - or grit my teeth in the same fashion . this behavior effects my breathing as i use it to produce a secondary ... intps are interesting enough to get me talking with them past the simple niceties . most have a lot that you can learn from - most of my intp friends have taught me some valuable lessons in life . i don't know if fs are blind to neutrality or not - this thread simply emphasized that they scare me ( especially fe's after someone posted extraverted feeling ) . just found this to be very wise . very well said . i think he was referring ( albeit very abstractly ) to degrees , equal degrees in 3 directions ( 2 to x dimensions ) suggesting equal pulls of thought in various directions of motive . that or he has ... <3 my istjs remember - they act boring , but their feelings are unscathed . break through and you'll be the only one to truly understand them . which is why i think most intjs don't really care if people call us an asshole . at least we're independent to say what we think and feel ( when we do feel ) . some things in life just don't seem as important anymore as they did when i graduated college - and not just the obvious things , but the large picture priorities and goals . the funny thing is i ... i'm add ( previously named add w / o ) and i hate myself 99 % of the time - which apparently is a result of just being add . being intj , it's hard for me to meet my own standards and lead others when i ... i feel awkward explaining to you ( a woman ) that being friends and dating are different . ( they are , right ? ) i don't start dating and make the plunge to marriage ( or sex ) unless i know 100 % . ... bottom line : no , i don't wait and i didn't wait to see if it would work . once i see something i absolutely want and have a generally good probability of success , i move in for the kill . intjs ... i love it when my istj wife get's all serious about a topic / argument - it's quite attractive . : crazy : on a very rare occasion - when intuition / logic , research , talking , working things through simply fail and i'm really really pissed off frustrated , i give my wife a big gentle hug and sit or stand ... i don't disagree . themorrigan replied suggesting that it wasn't hard for all intjs to be accepted as is , insinuating themorrigan has a experienced the contrary either personally or from other ... i'd say seemingly emotionally cold and removed as to give the feeling of independence - but is strategically involved behind the scenes in their kids lives , and the kids keep finding evidence of the ... way too much text in the full quote to read , fully process , and agree to everything with . however , the above statement within the quote is spot on . if i'm 100 % truthful on what i think 100 % of ... the abstract ' us ' was understood ( meaning exceptions taken into consideration ) . not clothes - please ... if i wanted that style , i'd be wearing it already not tools - i buy things i need not movies - i don't buy movies , and i don't like most movies people like not books - i've ... because we're smart , driven , sexy , and serious - plus we make it look good : wink : pure evil only has an appetite for souls and uses all that is consumed for nutrients - there is no waste thus no need to use the restroom . intj replying to another intj on this is probably just throwing gasoline on the flames to put it out ... but ... here i go =P it appears that many feelers either don't know they want this or very ... as long as you don't act like you know something you don't or make grand ( all inclusive / exclusive ) statements - you should be alright . nothing fires us up like talking with someone who clearly has ... the istj's i'm friends / family with like true / real friends or none . the amount invested for a true and real friend to their standards is quite high and have troubles making friends ( unless they meet ... i love istj family / friends . they have a hard time understanding that i use devil's advocate and argue till i'm blue in the face to understand their point of views . 2 intjs in a room is called ... conservative libertarian intj ( christian ) afganistan : should leave as soon as possible but only when the country is stable and the taliban destroyed . military spending : efficient spending , ... 1 ) what do you think ( or know for certain ) are your parents ' types ? istj esfp 2 ) how are your relationships with your parents ? great 3 ) how have their types affected your own life ( education , ... when the relationship is a choice , you don't see the differences as frustrating as you do when your parents are a different type . my dad is istj as well . somehow it was way different and ... yes , i think that's a j thing - maybe a tj combination . by definition , useless information is information i can't use . intjs and istjs love life applicable information - albeit we may define ... first and foremost , i want to thank you all for your posts - i've read them over several times . the overall message i'm getting is : step 1 ) beginners book : provides an initial knowledge base ... i'm still passionately in love with my wife ( istj ) . i just find you guys so interesting - how can you memorize so much information and be so humble ? i also love how istjs try so hard to always do ... if i like them romantically and are interested in pursuing a romantic relationship : 1 ) if they show that they like me , and it's a high probability of a positive response , i simply ask . 2 ) if ... my wife ( istj ) has expressed a very serious interest to get her graduate degree in bioinformatics . she already has an undergrad in biology and needs to learn software development as it will be ... nah - your resistance just makes us more interested . : wink : all the enfps in my life i think are awesome . at first - when they go on their wacky random explosion i'm a little taken back - but then it's just so awesome that i can't not pay attention . it's ... she's not talking about what you think she is i'm thinking . it's not about the content of what you're saying or doing but rather the way in which you say / present it . remember , it's about how she ... i like to be the hug distributer i hate getting hugs or being felt like i have to hug someone - at least initially . it's a shame the op asked such an insulting question . a thread labelled do infps have the capacity to be logical ? would probably go over just as well in the infp section . do intj's have the ... this is spot on - i hate being asked this question because i don't want to discuss what i'm doing and the presumption that i'm angry actually pisses me off . intj : frustrating : thinking ... great analysis elwood . feasible : capable of being done with means at hand and circumstances as they are we are just as enthusiastic at discussing and debating feasible ideas / solutions as you ... haa haa - i ask this to my istj wife all the time ( and she asks me too ) . indeed do we misread each other frequently ! some people can't stand certain medicine , among them is reality - which we provide in spades . no sugar for you - this medicine is going down now ! we think it's being nice actually - it's not ... code geass was just that interesting , the fan service almost killed the anime imo but the story and character development was what kept me coming back for more . i guess you could say that t & a is fan ... you don't have to do anything - especially pay for a test . with that said , you really do sound like an istj . http://img412.imageshack.us/img412/7568/cgrr07.jpg checkmate because chess is indeed fun with human lives . '