i dont mind if ppl do sleep whit socks , when i was young just a little boy i did that to . but later on i found it to warm in my bed to be whereing socks or clothing at all , i now only sleep in my ... istp's ussaly dont lie , we just formulate things diffrently , or just conviegant forget to mension certain things ^ ^ we dont like to lie , and we are no good at it . istp's are ussaly the most ... you do know we istp's are all big fans of 2 and a half man , we seen allan so no chiropractichioner plzz , do i spell that right ? dont know maby , dont care ... im whit ya on this ^ ^ wel i do have shades , not always where them . but when i do i mostly do it to look cool , cause those shades make me look so cool . but who knows maby one day i might need them for some reason ? your welcome :) well if that is wat you want , but personaly from wat i gould see on that photo i still would say you look great :) well from wat i can see on that picture , i would say you look great :) i agree , just dont tell others it would ruin or rep ;) agree , we istp's dont mind if we die , as long as its quik and painles ^ ^ true , but if the way to death might be long and painfull instead of quik and painless , we istp's might think twiche ;) istp's are not afraid of death / to die , we are afraid of how we die . most of the clothing one sees at a fasion sow is nothing more then a indicator or guidline of wat fabrics , collors , styles will be trendy upcoming season . its not clothing ment to wear other then ... buy a gun and bite the bullet ! i vissit pornsites the most for educational reacearch , and sure i can make reconmendationds ;) pornhub , it also has a pornhub app for phones and tablets . xvideos , xhamster . whit google ... first of all , they are in deniel . they just dont realized it yet ;P find a cannadian and you hafe half of the work already done :) high waisted shorts , trousers or jeans , yes plz ^ ^ i dont need to see annyones undees , i dont have such intrest ! ! only time i dont mind seeing undees , if im chanching into my clothes or out of ... brownies exist so that consuming the canjis tast better ;P i hate instagram , its full of fakers and attention seeking ppl ! ! if your a man , dont do it . if you are a girl , pleas do it makes you look so hot ;) becaus we men know wat we like to see on a girl / women . how do we push it into mainstream , how about we dont ! ! to much of weird mentaly ill styles already out their ! ! im from holland , and i can tell you most of wat you mensiond as dinner is not even dutch ! ! i ussaly shafe if i hafe to go out of the door , going out , or know im being lucky . i ussaly use just old fasion razorblade . i dont listen to others , i go my own way . i dont care wat others whear , its their choice to look ridicules . wel sometimes i go to millitary depo's to buy m - 65 clothing and millitary boots , ... no i dont like it , im all natural . smoking , coffee , booze , girls / woman ;) i preffer a combination of both wel ballanced :) when meeting some one giving kisse on eithaters cheeks , or shaking hands . who said we on friendly terms get away from me whit those kisses and touchy hands ): ( i preffer both and ad to it reebok pump :) maby because they are confused , thinking make up is a synoniem for the meaning of beuty . not realizing the meaning of beuty is the state of ones mind and charakter ;) and while you at it , make us a sandwich , we are hungry ;P wich of the 2 you mentiond you want to detect ? i dont forget , i dont forgive , i hold grudges . trust me you can get cheap mercedeses if you buy second hand , porshe to and so on especaly if you buy older models :) wat about maonist ? dont like them to ? i almost replied whit the ymca song , but then relized your not a man ;P istp , 64 mustang cherry red black leather seats and black leather cabrio top . wel i gould bin in a relationship now , if i hadent srewd up whit the girl ( s ) and whit that i mean , i had a chance by a girl . to be precice i had chanches by multible girls . even if i dont exaly ... sure its wat i always do ^ ^ i tryd searching on that name , does not exist in skype sry ... ppl hate me for me just being me , i have my own idees perspective and views of life . ppl dont like that , i also have my own induvidual mentality that does not stroke whit rest of ppl . so ppl just ... no not blow up dolls , i preffer real dolls ^ ^ much higher quality ^ ^ and feels even beter ^ ^ istp enagram 6 wing 7 and yea i have fantasies about violence all the time . wel i dont consider myself as charming or flirtasuos , but i have bin called that by other ppl . 1 istp . 2 . eum w-whute ? ? eum p-pleasing .. h-how ... ? ? 3 . eum .. l-lets s-stick to e-explaining # 2 f-first ok .. ;P being more accurate in detecting lies and deception is a istp thing , we can see true every ruse ppl pull on us . [ quote = sometimes ; 3453958 5 ] mbti and enneagram if you know them in comments . and add any further information on it if you want obviously . [ / quot istp enagram 6 wing 7 , i somewat live by the rule ( s ) ... wel i try , but there are 3 skype profiles diffrent names but whit the entry jetplane 48 in it , wich one ?