' i can flirt on the internet , the phone , in writing ... its just that in person i really do not know how to flirt . when it comes from the soul ( mind , will , emotions ) from within me i can literally ... welcome ! i come here often and read through posts mostly to remind myself that i am not alone and i am not a freak wondering through the world trying to figure out the best ways to survive . i come to ... embrace what you don't know instead of trying to be so sure of everything . i've become more of a risk taker as i have gotten older . not permitting myself to be controlled by fear - grasping the ... when i get into a mode i go full force . either i am on the go exercising , watching what i eat , depriving myself of all kinds of evils and am like a fanatic . or i don't exercise at all . its all or ... thank you ! i needed to be reminded of all the good we do ! lol i am an infj 6w5 :) so nice to meet you ! as i read through this i laughed out loud a few times because it is so me ... and then i ( ( ( sighed ) ) ) a few times because .. it is ... so me . infj 6w5s ... not a one . i can't seem to remember eating when i was hungry .. .. seriously , what does hungry even feel like ? i seem to be your classic emotional eater .. eating away at my emotions until i binge and ... i saw a youtube video where the woman said that our eyes are spaced farther apart than other peoples . ironically thats how my eyes are as well . i started looking at other infj videos and they really ... u200bhallelujah ! i want one person for the rest of my life - but i need that one person to be experimental , playful , erotic , mysterious , adventurous , and just want to be with me and explore sex with me - is this too ... i love this because the mystery in your relationship is very erotic - knowing that you two have this mystery between you that nobody else knows about . as a female that is something i long for in a ... you need to take a second look at and within yourself . and besides - sex is always awkward in one way or another . i don't get you ? who told you that you were ugly and awkward and why the hell did you believe them ? speaking from the youngest female in my family - u200bit ' s not the baby's fault . a non-fun loving narcissist ... i better jump on that boyhowdy . lol you know you are an infj if ... your life seems so dull that you have to come to a personality cafe and answer questions about how you know that you are an infj . now that's pretty damn dull . i'm really getting into these international flicks with subtitles ! a part of me really doesn't care what others might think . when i was younger it mattered - now it doesn't . and there is much anxiety with opening up to a new partner . it seems much easier to be ... i was far to curious of a creature to not have experimented with sex . men are beautiful creatures and to not touch them and explore their very being would defy the intensity of my infj soul . my soul ... 94105 god gave woman a clitoris - a small little bit of flesh with only one purpose - transcendent sexual pleasure . so how is it that some people believe god and sex shouldn't be in the same ... transcendent sex i feel the exact same way and sadly have lowered my own expectations more times than not . single , longing for a companion , yet can no longer compromise myself . where does one go from here ? u200bya , this is what i was trying to say ! lol as deep as the person would permit me to go ( as long as the topic was interesting to me ) i find the soul to be bottomless so depth can go on and on endlessly . the topic could be of many different ... have you found a thread about this rage ? do you think this more infj or other factors ? i have not found a thread about rage in the infj ... i've studied several things and found this topic ... i don't consider myself a bully to the innocent - but i do jump in and will speak , fight , work , etc for those who can't ( especially those who are being bullied ) ... maybe i feel good to bully the ... wha ? ? ! you have friends ? ! mine already did . never even heard of this movie the prestige - will watch it asap ! ! thank you :) 93903 i just watched this fantastic movie called the man from nowhere genre : action and adventure ~ martial arts this hard-hitting tale of revenge stars bin won as tae-sik , a former special agent ... that would depend on what is deep within your very own soul . as an infj i will speak to you about what your soul is speaking to me about . it varies with each person , with the atmosphere of the moment ... l9390193901939019390193901 wanted : human male companion . fun loving , tender hearted , masculine but not macho / cocky , sexy / cute but not promiscuous , has a paying job but not a work-aholic , ... this seems to be the story for many . ive been married and divorced twice . not sure why but i dont even date anymore . i want a man - where is he ? tired of looking now i guess . or ... maybe forgotten ... 93898 i love you . right now it is cool change by the little river band . http://youtu.be/9bKwRW0l-Qk ... i dream all the time and in color . i have my all my senses in my dreams . if i am reading i can interact with myself from my dream state like talking to myself read it out loud i might say to ... i am libra as well . i am also alice in my own wonderland , peter pan , robin hood and anyone else i need to be i suppose . as for compassion ... just when i think i have grown in leaps and bounds in ... i cry all the time . not out of depression , not out of anything - just pure emotion . i cry when i am happy , tired , pissed off ... my cries are different as well . i let myself cry . crying is very very ... i have analyzed this until it has become almost lifeless to me . i avoid conflict but not because i am scared but because if it escalates i get really loud and then almost instantly filled with this ... you made this place for me to vent so vent i shall . 1 . forums are somewhat frustrating for me and they really are not that much fun . but im trying to get this all figured out darn it . ( ah .. that ... you feel like you don't have a right to be sexual ? ... wha ? “ so , do it . decide . is this the life you want to live ? is this the person you want to love ? is this the best you can be ? can you be stronger ? kinder ? more compassionate ? decide . breathe in . breathe ... “ suddenly i realized that this inner processing was yet more of the same . i was still trying to control things by figuring them out , by trying more practice , by trying to manage how others might see ... i have a high sex drive as well . i too have been sexually curious and adventurous for as long as i can remember and i seem to live in a sexual wonderland most of the time meaning i long for this ... i would get bored with that . as an infj i love to take control but not all the time . i want someone who can feel the flow and go with it . submissive is one thing but cowardly is another . as an infj i ... [ quote = vivid melody ; 3062470 ] nonsense ! infj females always remain fairy princesses even after the clothes come off . it is highly impossible that they were infj's . you must have been terribly ... absolutely ! '