my experience is something like this . there needs to be something physical for me to take interest in someone . but what that something is probably differs from most people . i am not attracted to the ... i think i understand how you feel . i feel the same much of the time . i think the trick that some people have is that they try to find meaning for their lives outside of work . they can have the most ... i relate to the op as well . i often have a flat expression on my face which has the tendency to make people feel uncomfortable . i don't really have an excited mode so most of the time i am very calm ... i realize that it can be disheartening to repeatedly hear these types of comments and extremely upsetting to have these expectations imposed on you . it's important to realize that people need ... i'm reaching out to other members here because i'm not sure what to do following an embarrassing incident . i would especially like to hear from the more socially-inclined and graceful members since i ... me too . i think i have mild dyslexia because i mix them up . i avoided calling one guy by his first name because i was afraid of accidentally calling him autobahn like the german highway . i also ... i have a secret love for type sevens . as a type nine , i tend to numb myself to my environment and anything else that upsets my sense of harmony . this is exacerbated as an introvert since i require a ... i'm honestly so happy and thankful right now . i was struggling to find someone to vent to anonymously on different therapeutic chat websites but was having no luck . however , i just talked to someone ... the reason for why i chose my avatar is similar to the reason why a chose my username . my username represents my ultimate goal , which is contentness . i want to reach a point where i feel happy and at ... i've checked that site but there isn't much for my city . i even checked pof . my only requirements were age 23-32 , non-smoker and drug-free . i got 5 results . haha . i might just wait until ... i think it would be cool to make a personal ad to meet others . i have lived such a sheltered and isolated life and there are so many things i haven't done . for example , if you think about almost any ... i felt bad because i was dumping my frustrations on a close friend and overwhelmed him . i knew something had to change and i wanted to stop hurting him . i decided to do something for myself . i was ... this year has been complete hell and i am feeling incredibly embarrassed . i have had a few hospital visits this past year . one was when i had been acting very strange for almost a full week . i had ... what do you mean by a loyalty to your race ? how does having a desire to see past race , encouraging finding common ground and exhibiting tolerance mean that you're selling out ? i'm sorry but i ... last week , i met a man in the computer lab at university . he was an older man and was going back to school for a career change . he was wanting to go from working in resource management with the ... they tell you not to turn off your computer because the files on your computer can get corrupted if the process is interrupted . the updates are to offer some degree of protection against threats ... 40k is probably going by what you can earn as an income with a bachelor's degree . if you're wanting to become a doctor or health specialist , you'll be going further in your education and will ... there are definitely multidisciplinary majors that you can look at . it sounds like something like biopsychology might be of interest . if you want to get into med school , having a bsc is better than a ... .. i struggle with intrusive thoughts all the time . sometimes they are silly like me having a sudden urge to touch someone's head or having fleeting sexual thoughts about vaguely phallic objects . other ... i had an uplifting moment about a month ago . i had to stay at a crisis centre because i was feeling really uncomfortable in my house . over the course of six months , at least three really traumatic ... you're right . this could be a mild form of ocd and it actually has a name . it is called memory hoarding . memory hoarding is a type of compulsion . for some , it can interfere with their ability ... i am currently staying at my aunt's house due to the uneasiness i have been feeling at home . ( because some traumatic stuff has happened in my house over the past six months , i think my brain can't ... okay . so , you are not a minor and don't require a parent's permission to speak to hospital staff concerning your father . i think you can either phone the receptionist and tell him or her that your ... if you don't mind me asking , how old are you ? if you are over 18 , you can ask to speak to one privately and your father doesn't have to know . this isn't a matter of being pro - or anti-establishment ... if your relatives were abusive towards you , you were right to leave them . your priority right now is to be somewhere safe and neither being around abusive relatives or moving to the streets would be ... stampede first of all , you are not burdening me . you are going through a lot right now and because you are having so much difficulty finding help around you , you are turning to people online with ... you are clearly under a lot of stress right now due to having financial difficulties , difficulties getting your ged , and having a close family member having a life-threatening disease . you are in ... i'm tired of waiting . i hate not knowing what is going on in my body . is it just a disorder or is there something physically wrong with me ? i just want to know what it is so that i can get the help ... i chose my major for numerous reasons . i wasn't pressured by my parents except for my indecisiveness and how i kept changing my mind about what it was that i was going to study . i must have changed ... i was 11 and it was o-town . i remember next to nothing about it except for slightly older girls giving my friends and i dirty looks and buying posters . wow .. all i can say is wtf ? ! i don't know how doctors can have you on 22 different medications . how can they even monitor you to see which ones are effective ( if any ) and which ones may be ... i have been having to go to crisis / emergency centres a lot lately . i am in the process of waiting to go to an out-patient program where i will be able to be assessed by numerous specialists and go ... generally acceptable topics to talk about : f - family , o - occupation , r - recreation , d - dreams topics you should generally avoid ( at least at first ): r - religion , a - abortion , p - politics , e - ... one thing that i have read is to distract your mind by going after your senses . this brings you back in touch with the physical world . you can have a hot bath or hold on to an ice cube straight from ... i really hate that directness , logic , and seriousness are counted as male traits and that if a woman exhibits them , she's deemed too masculine . i really take it as a sign that a man is insecure with ... the harmful urges and thoughts are something called intrusive thoughts . because you've showed restraint and have actually not done these things , it shows that you have self-control and are a rational ... yes , it's about entering the mind of a pedophile , but just because something is disturbing does that mean it has to be taboo ? prior to lolita , there wasn't really anyone looking to explore that . it ... have you ever had such a good night's sleep that your mind feels so much clearer ? where it feels like your burdens melted away and you wonder why you had thought the world was such a dreary place ... i'm finally starting to get out of this funk ! i felt like i was able to focus today , so i did some reading for class . it made me feel better . i do enjoy my readings . my problem is that i often have ... maybe to both . i don't want to rule either one of them out . but at this point in time , i can't see either of them happening . i can see the benefits of marriage . a formal commitment ceremony with ... original 1 . reserved 2 . contemplative 3 . solitary 4 . theoretical , idealistic , philanthropic , realistic 5 . curious , nurturing , creative , pragmatic 6 . supportive , intellectual , grounded , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ri5cszSKEg the owner / cameraman's laugh kills me . i am very lonely . it hit me this morning just how lonely i really am . i can easily go weeks without talking to someone outside of my social circle--my mom , sister , and online friends . most of the ... i wouldn't say that i put people on pedestals . i realize that we're all human and make mistakes . i just tend to find the good in most people ( there are very few people who have no redeeming features ) ... http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ERTW30FTL.jpg reading this now for class . it's amazing . i knew next to nothing about nonviolence / nonviolent action . i , like many people , thought it was the ... i don't understand it either . but i actually met a family who live in a small town in oregon who get together with their rich friends and have oscar parties where they watch the award show . they ... i hate when my mom tries to baby me . i am a 25 year old woman , dammit . i wish she'd stop insisting on doing things for me and acting like she has to walk on eggshells around me . yesterday , she was ... okay , you guys . i'm in a pickle and i'm not sure what to do . i feel like now would be a good time to clean out my room . i do that periodically because cleaning it out and getting rid of things i ... i am really glad that i took a look at my old notes for my story / novel . i haven't looked at them since last summer . it makes me feel good to have the creative wheels in my head turning again . i just ...