' well , then i will relent . i think he is clearly an isfp . there has been asked for a show of ne , and no one has provided it , or even pointed out specifically where they saw it besides off-the-wall ... obama is an fe dom . he does not seem strongly extroverted , at least classically , but fe is what he strives to at all times he appears . one gets the impression that when pressured , he has standards ... wednesday mermaid i do not often see a very bubbly isfp either ... often , that is . there are many odd and special case types roaming about . i have a complicated view of ambiversion myself . it does ... that is some risky stereotyping . i have known plenty an isfp who are constant smilers , heavy gigglers . however , i am watching more of his videos - the one you provided and two others - and he is ... isfp . there is nothing truly ne about him - at least not in that interview if that is a good view as to how he is nominally , nor is his music alike that of strong ne artists . his songs are about ... after much learning and departing from old knowledge , a newer , better , revised list : steven : esfj connie : istj rose quartz : enfp garnet : isfp pearl : isfj you are describing te - which homura is too . contention or not . do you even know what you are talking about ? you are going to describe a thinking process that is always oriented outwards as ti ? ti ... i was never into homestuck so your reference is lost upon me but , being a kill joy here , psychic and magical powers are not indicative of functions . why is he communicating with animals ? that is ... while you are right that madoka is an sfj , saying si / fe makes reluctant hero is a non-reason . as is this ... and this ... i read the whole thing , and i still stand that you come off as an stj but i take back estj . i saw verrry little ne at all except in a low position , and almost no glaring fi indicators - though that ... by this questionnaire , a massive se dom . a heavy thinker too , but the thinking was not very introverted , so a te as well . very little feeling but even less fe , sooo ... se , te , se , te - so very ... not an infj . i think you present a pretty solid case for infp , and 90 % of what you spoke of speaks to introverted functions , so a tightly introverted one ? i did not see much intuition , but you are ... an istj , absolutely . high ideals backed by firmly grounded beliefs , a vividly personal manifestation of aspiration , and a heavy habit of self-reflection . pretty straightforward . just may i ... my apologies , it is an expression that means all or nothing - it is saying , you are an isfp or you have no type ( and we all know you have a type ) . yeah no , i just read through all of this , and you , an enfp ? no way . rather , have you considered estj ? by the sounds of it you are mildly extroverted or ambiverted , but a definite te-si and with a ... why would this make you question whether you are an enfp ? this more so , not your response in the situation , is giving me suspicions . not an infj , at all . i do not think you are an intp either . definitely fi , definitely a thinker , little to no mention of si things , so definitely an intj . in fact , the majority core of what you ... much of what you explained strengthens my perception that you are a consistent fe user ... etp with strong fe though is strange to me . it would come off as manic , i think , since etps are perceiving ... that is fine , and actually tends to help very much to indicate ones type , as much as and even more at times than what they actually say . but , now i am convinced . the whole ' give what you get ' ... buy me a drink or three and i'll tell you my controversial mbti observations that prop up these skills . trvlgrl 1981 that humoured me , as in all honesty , i cannot recall off the top of my head an isfj who id'ed as such off the bat . the vast majority have in my experience swore they were infp or infj ( or ... you are very likely the fe-ti to my te-fi , an infj . what this sounds like to me is the swept up bystander , the brick in a wall , the deconstructionist - one who loses everyone into the whirlpool , ... a definite se dom , no questions asked . i see a lot of indication of ti and fe : analytic and expansive answers , overt expressiveness , a high octane energy to that which piques interests ... lots of ... three questions in and my answer is isfj ( i did read more though ) . strong common sense and highly imaginative in a fantastical manner , priority is lent to the immediate effects a concept has on real ... isfj , definitely . very sensible and grounded , prone to balancing and logical justifications of any point to any conflict , quickest to realise and admit that your viewpoint is just one little view ... between the two , isfp seems more likely . for istp , i ask for where is the analysis ? the strong tendency to rationalisation ? the almost compulsive need to reason or justify faults ? what you mention ... an se user , probably dom , esfp who is possibly introverted or generally shy in real life . comes off as straightforward to me : simple statements , direct and laid out honestly , zero introspection ... my , it may not be much , but you read just so much like enfjs i have come across . also i should hope this cookie is chocolate chunk . i wrote a bit much , so i put it below a spoiler . if this really ... tostand i do not want anything . i do not want you to be an sj - that is entirely missing the point . what i want is the truth , the obvious truth . i think you are an isfj , maybe esfj , maybe istj - ... istj , came across as moderately introverted , and more or less balanced overall . you strike me as straightforward and levelheaded , but hint that you intensely internalise your worth and emotions - ... your video is only more proof to me that you are an sj . in fact , i am now very , very certain . everything that you say is si material . i have made it five minutes in , and you talk that you cannot ... i do not know what the individual scenarios are , but enfj , and well rounded it sounds . you speak very rationally , very plainly , and your focus is on value . i see almost no personal perspective , ... this is precisely my thought . i do not read any responses before i comment on the original post , but isfp ... hm . besides the fact that efjs by far at the ones attracted to organisation and causes , ... two paragraphs in and she sounds like an fe . dom , i think . i do not see anything that indicates ni , so it is either not present or has been invisible to you . why not consider esfj ? she could be an ... se is not ambition , it is action . look at how he consistently answers questions : by giving examples , or better said , by relating points from his personal perspective and weaving it all together . se ... what i see here is : - a person who tends to accept things at face value , and hence repeats them with only passing , literal commentary - proactive in doing things , such as research - ... but ... you are not an nj . no , i think you are an esfj . i do not think you are very extraverted , but i think you are an fe-dom over an si-dom . you very clearly use extraverted feeling and introverted ... i read the answers to the first questionnaire and my evaluation is that you exhibit ti with si and fe in inferior positions - so yes , very likely an intp . out of the four , entp . you are very much not an ntj , extrovert or introvert . between the remaining two , you come across as being far too entrenched in experience itself . your whole energy comes ... well well well ... first of all , infp is very , very likely not an option . you mention handling stressful interactions comfortably and being able to calm others down to work rationally - this is maybe ... god you sound awful . an se dom , though , that is certain , and overwhelmingly so . i want this and i want this now and who tf are you to say no to me what the fuck it does not even seem to be ... i think you sound like an efj , maybe introverted in person , but extroverted in cognition . for the moment i will think esfj , but i have an inkling that enfj is not impossible . you seem immediately ... sure , but later . i will say that this can implies istj even more though , because introverted sensors do not take everything in all at once so much as take everything in through their own filters ... i will call it like i see it , obscurity be damned . i neither know nor care what you or other people type you as , as i have no way to ensure the accuracy of criteria - which is something you should be ... i am open to istp and think there is a solid case for it based on what he has provided so far : analysis and action with a tiny spurt of introspection , need anyone say more ? however , i am a dominant ... i will be honest with you and say it straight : it is not . in fact , it was that very analogy that leapt out to me as indicative of sensation . look at what it employs : i feel that i am always ... you seem to have an intensely impressionistic and personal world you want to build and make real , and are very inviting to the people around you . cautious and quite rational in a common sense sort of ... you sound like an intp to me , and one who would most likely do well as a professional student , if such an option existed for you . i say intp because , and i have found this true of every intp i ... i saw , in this post , about zero intuitive things . the only thing i read that sounded intuitive was your curiosity about the business world , which itself seems firmly grounded in thinking . otherwise , ... eren is fi-te , and has si of some order . enfp is the most probable choice . i could be swayed for esfp , but he behaves like an ne user when he is not out getting himself killed , and si inferior would ... '