' thank you friend : o ah thank you guys ! i basically stay off personality cafe because it causes so much stress . i deal with quite a few mental illnesses ( bipolar , borderline , ptsd , anxiety . wish i was making this shit up man ) and it's too ... anyone know ? enfp with borderline personality disorder here ! diagnosed three times with depression and anxiety . also adhd twice . so i'm a ball of fun ! oh thank you so much ! it's been bothering me for quite from time that i haven't figured out their types yet , i mean it's been made pretty clear that jim was an infp , but i'm still not sure about ray , john , or robby . so ... we will be unhealthy together then ! ! ? ? ? / can you not ? ( fuck it's hard not to rage right now ) really ? that's actually comforting to know ! because i'm probably the unhealthiest enfp you'll meet and i'm not even so sure i am an enfp because i'm borderline but sometimes i lurk around here still . i pretty much am the embodiment of an unhealthy enfp . i 100 % do not want kids , i spend a lot of my time on https://www.reddit.com/r/childfree/ worth a shot to check it out man yeah angelcat is really great with mbti i love her blog ! she helped me type myself . : ^ ) i'm a 9w8 enfp though i am p unhealthy so you might not want to take my word for anything . although here is a thread i made and this might help eh i thought about it , but she's not a major character . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ plus i'm the problematic fave . i finished binge watching orange is the new black and i was blown away by the fact that my favorite character soso ( who is apparently hated by the fandom : happy :) because i finally had a character i ... i work retail , at a grocery store to be more specific . i have been at my current job for a little over three years . i have dealt with more stress from this job than i view as acceptable . but i stuck ... i think so too ! i never thought i was until very recently when i actually took the time to learn about it . and i'm okay , trying to work through some shit regarding my mental health , but i'm finally ... if possible , i also smoke weed . but usually i go no tumblr because i try to keep my dashboard a happy place and seeing my various interests and friends i have made , helps . also music , books , ... :D nice to meet you too ! i feel alone sometimes being aromantic when there seems to be more asexual people . i'm bisexual but recently realized i am grey-aromantic but if i am romantic it would be biromantic . my two favorite movies are the dark knight and girl , interrupted . i also love donnie darko , requiem for a dream , lolita ( 1997 version ) , any movie with audrey hepburn in it , fight club , disney / pixar , ... i just clicked it and oh my god they have janis joplin on there , that's amazing . i'd feel extremely blessed to share a type with her . :') i just had a discussion with a friend and she finally gave me a term for my beliefs ( she is the same as me ) and i am a pantheist . :) not really sure where i land . before i was a complete 7 ( not not in the annoying way , because it goes both ways guys ) but now i'm not sure . i don't believe in an organized religion . i believe in the ... i think we all know what artist i'm going to suggest . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ i'm a sagittarius apparently my moon sign is gemini . i don't know much about astrology , but i suppose i agree with the sagittarius description . did some reading found these pages : ... yes , but i know they're not saying it in a malicious sort of way . everyone knows i'm weird , but i sort of own it so it doesn't bother me . i say own it girl ! it's good to be weird , i'd rather be ... i love grimes ! glad to see her as an enfp . tenacilynn yay i'm glad it made sense and helped you ! mbti has helped me a lot , to understand myself and other people , so i'm glad i could help someone else out ! i know the feels of moving often ... i get along and don't get along with entps . when i'm hypomanic i definitely turn into a stereotypical entp so i can't really hate them , and for a little while i thought i was an entp ( i was hypomanic ... i've noticed that most enfps on this forum seem to be like us , and only a handful of the stereotypical enfps . i quoted someone on the forum before , unfortunately i'm mobile other wise , i'd find it ... hey congrats on finding your type ! it's a really good feeling isn't it ? i relate to a lot of what you said if that helps with anything . although my mistyping made me think i was an intp for over two ... this is hella exciting ! i don't know my biggest fandom , although i did recently get my friend into the doors , so i need to show her everything , i'm excited ! oh my god you just brought back like 2009-2010 for me ! i was beyond obsessed with starkid ! i had such a crush on lauren ah ! i want to follow you on other social medias because it's fun seeing our every day lives . i mostly use instagram or twitter if you use either you should post yours and i'll follow you ! here's mine ... oh my god i'm so glad i'm not the only child free person on here ! i do not want kids and i'm glad i'm not alone ! yes ! so much of what you said , the only difference was i was very introverted in high school ! i never shut up about the things i'm into , so i apologize to anyone that doesn't share my passion about ... i have taken this quiz a few times over the years and i just retook it for fun , i got this result you are a free-wheeling artist.you are an artist your appreciation of beauty , ability to ... hmm that might help ! any tips ? so i'm going to try to make a long story short , but basically last night something happened that brought me back to like middle / high school and it wasn't good . i wasn't popular in school , moved quite ... i feel it ! i like many different types of music as well ! i have days where i'm feeling one over the other , a few months ago i had this night where i was really diggin ' 80s music and spent the night ... i'm curious about your taste in music , so tell me what artists do you enjoy ? also what got you into those artists ? and when getting into new artists , are you someone that wants to listen to artists ... hmm i would say gifts is a big thing for me , but not necessarily . it's more of being thought of , if someone tells me they were out shopping and saw something related to something i love , i would be ... hmm favorite poem ... shit there's just too many to choose from . well one of my favorite people is jim morrison and so i'll choose one of his poems . ( luckily i have one saved in my liked sections on ... i've gotten a few people into it actually ! most of them are infps , i swear most people i meet and get along with are infps , it's weird . i used to mention it a lot more then i do now , because it's ... i have a million ideas for stories , but i'm often too lazy to write or i start writing and i can hyper focus on it and write paragraphs upon paragraphs , but then i get bored or distracted and i tend ... i'm an introverted enfp daphnedelrey said something that really hits close to me and it was i think most descriptions focus only on surface level stuff - i . e . things that are visible and out in ... i tend to like expensive things , but feel weird about spending so much to get that thing . like i can save up for let's say a macbook , but when i sctually go and buy the macbook , it would feel weird ... '