' the most clues i get from you're video point in the direction of sensing . i don't find any convincing clues towards intuïtion . you refer to a lot of visual stuff : the noise outside , the screen in ... plushwitch i didn't know you had video's . but i've met you and i don't think you're something else . inextricable doesn't look infj to me . i think she might be an istp . ti > se > ni > fe . i understand your point of view . thank you for your feedback . i take it back . and since i don't seem to be so aware of how i hurt people , i'll delete my attributions to colysans retype thread as ... that is quite a judgement ... message deleted . see above . message deleted . see : http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/62386-meetup-report-duesseldorf-2.html#post1522319 message deleted . see below . i'm not staying overnight . suggestions for places : altstadt and hofgarten . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBA0NkFXsls miracle ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eALDD5XaQuw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDw-hTuwcvA i don't feel challenged . i just don't agree with you . i don't think i'm special , unless everyone is . and is loving yourself arrogant ? i know i can look arrogant , but people who know me understand i'm not . but twice in my life i had a person telling me i was arrogant . and both times i had never met that person before . the ... no coffee for me . don't like the taste and don't like the effect of the caffeine . the green hot jalapeño peppers i'm amazed at how much attention a troll can get in here . : crazy : + 1 i have to take the train at utrecht too . we could take the 9.08 and arrive at 11.04 . oh , don't worry , we're all telepethatic , aren't we ? : crazy : a bunch of infjs . i'm very curious what that's like . the suggested places are fine with me . i had a similar experience in my relationship with an enfj . feeling guilty about needing to introvert . a horrible feeling . you can see the windmill on satellite . : laughing : the beginning of this thread looks so silly after the merging . that's not what ni fe is like . it's not so hard for any person to think that way , i hope . everybody has at least a bit of feeling and intuition . and at his age it's less difficult to use these ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX-f1HZzCaQ infjs traditional ? ? i'd say he might be an istj . what are all these infjs doing in here ? .. and where did the enfps go ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHaJZxWSCUc this is the answer , isn't it ? attacking the person instead of their argument . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRtNfb6D3Mc so why didn't you stop him ? robert nova , if this is a joke . it has been fun ... not . if you need attention . there are plenty people here , that want to listen to you . but if you want them to understand you , you ... as long as we can't check the facts , it remains a matter of believing rather than willing , in my opinion . and i do believe that you honestly mean everything you say . on the other hand . most of ... there's nothing wrong with you . and you don't need to prove it by being able to get along with this guy . it hurts , but you have to respect his decision to let this oportunity to have a great ... that's a criticism i hear often . people don't take into account that everybody's also behaving outside their box . it's just about which box you prefer most of the time . or which ... we could count him as a half . but to be exact , we have to know if the disinterest comes from his infj side or from his intj side . ah , that went through my mind when posting . there will be many cases were the moment hasn't been there yet . maybe one with a little aversion then ? they probably do exist . but i'm just curious . does anybody know one ? i tried to discuss mbti with friends for a while , but most of them weren't really interested or even rejective ( i'm ... wheeen the mooon is in the 7th houuuse ... does it ? how do you know that ? why unusual ? there are no formulas found yet , are there ? i think pj harvey is an istp . though not very famous , i think juliana hatfield is an infj . an example of a famous musician might be brian may . oh , and florence welch , not to forget . i think for me it is enfj . could he be an intj instead ? people guess about ten years under my age . i think you mean sp and sj . maybe it's the other way round . if infjs are less common in families of sps and sjs it might explain a part of their rarity . my sister and her husband are istp ... mom : isfj dad : intj '