' 458953 http://www.tsienlab.ucsd.edu/HTML/Images/IMAGE%20-%20PLATE%20-%20Beach.jpg bacteria expressing different fluorescent proteins streaked onto a plate . 1st : entj every entj i've met can keep up , doesn't take things personally and consequently i never feel the need to hold back . also , tend to be very ambitious and engaging . 2nd : enfp op nailed ... ncsu for undergrad ut austin for ph . d . ( in progress ) generally hard to get me angry , most people aren't close enough emotionally to get under my skin and cause damage . most of the time , with acquaintances , all i ever get is annoyed . when that happens ... agnostic atheist myself . after looking at the images from the hubble telescope i can't believe in any theistic god i have learned of so far . i spent some time as what i suppose could be called a ... apophenia dancing generally i may do some in private but not in public ( e . g . clubs ) ... unless there's a dance called the statue . that's not because i can't get in rhythm with music , but that unless there's ... 307809 random intj hug hmmm could be that they think your special and are acting accordingly ; i myself don't really even cling to my closest friends and family ( doesn't mean the love / affection isn't there ) but of course ... can't say for sure if she is one , but my friend is engaged to a girl who seems very much like one cognitive functions wise . very nice , outgoing , engaging , inclusive ... just does not care for the ... hopefully what i'm about to say isn't too redundant , but like most intjs here have said , i didn't really fit in very well during primary education either . i didn't have the easiest of times because ... hopefully this doesn't sound too harsh or cruel but here it goes : 1 . ) kind of , it's not so much that i want to as that i'm happy to if the help is reasonable or i am capable ( ie : i won't help with ... biology / biochemistry : essentially doing my ph . d . in the field ( granted it's actually in chemical engineering ) so it would help . more than that though , there's so much potential in biotechnology . ... sleeping enough is the absolute most important thing . study on sufficient sleep and be well rested for the exam . my former roommate in college was a pre-med and i was a chemical engineer ; at one ... lets see ... definitely experience sexual attraction , but no strong impulse to act on it ( don't trust it as a good way to find a long-term partner ) . as far as romance goes , i might have to go with ... someone found a way to put what i wanted to say much better than i did , kudos ! i consider myself an agnostic atheist , i lack the belief in any god ( s ) . though to be honest i don't really find the subject of the existence or non-existence of a supernatural being all that ... i'll usually lift weights or work out in some way about 5 times a week . the reasons i do it are health related ie : blood pressure , energy , etc . sounds more like a concern , intjs tend to be rather different in showing it than infjs ( my sister is one ) . if that happened my sister would probably have said i'm sorry i hope you feel better , you ... personally , i make an effort to go to the gym about 5 ~ a week , but not for the reason most 25 ~ year old guys do . i'm less concerned with my appearance ( not saying unimportant ) but rather the ... i can't tell you how many times i've dated a girl with a far stronger sex drive than myself ... won't get into that but as far as first dates go it's rather funny the number of times ( read : pretty ... can't say i have game in a conventional sense , i can't stand bars or clubs and have no interest in hitting on some poor innocent person ... say in a grocery store line . generally what happens is ... both because in order to achieve my goals i don't exactly have a whole lot of choice in the matter . i used to be bitter about it but now i just accept it how it is . the important thing is that the ... some degree of similarity here , i did my undergraduate in engineering and am actually currently in working on my ph . D; also , i wasn't a great student in high school . what worked for me was to be ... fears ( no particular order ): 1 . ) not living up to the standards i set for myself / my own expectations . 2 . ) finding my ceiling ( similar to above point , but without any sort of bar ) . 3 . ) ... i don't really get it anymore , i think most of the people i'm familiar with know better by now . the difference between acquaintances and my friends is that the my friends don't put up with my shit ... i think it's rather situation-dependent . for instance , when it comes to things like cooking , it's not that interesting to me so i tend to auto-pilot things like that . i'll eat a lot of the same ... i've never really been too tempted to go for a tattoo , not sure what i would want to get . i don't think i would be likely to get one either for professional reasons , i'm in a more academic ... sometimes i delude myself into believing that humanity represents a major step upwards in the evolution of life on earth ... boehner says house plans to sue obama and then i realize just how ... seems feasible , given the instant gratification i want it now ! attitude that pervades society today it doesn't shock me that people tend to make rapid judgement like that . coupled with the ... chemical engineering major working in biological research :p roud : in order : 1 . ) that's fine / normal . in college people will often form study groups ( personally i never bothered ) so if you find some you would be interested in getting to know better outside of ... headphones facebook is nice for only one thing : keeping in touch with the handful ( ~ 10 ) of people i want to keep in touch with after moving about 1400 miles away . i don't bother with posting status updates , ... i think this sums it up . this squirrel hates selfies : man attacked for taking photo | metro news gender : m hair color : auburn hair style : whatever it decides to do after i shower ? eye shape : oval ? eye color : blue glasses : n personal style / manner of dress : plain / practical favorite color : ... to be fair i was kidding around a bit . i was interested primarily in video games as well as science and math and naturally found friends who shared those interests . i didn't do myself any favors ... this , i'm going to use a female intj friend of mine for an example with some suggestions . in addition to the awesomeness that comes with being an intj , she is also quite intelligent and very ... don't grow up an intx in a rural area of the south , they don't take too kindly to that ( at least your peers growing up ) . this . i'm a graduate student and i have been working with mentoring two undergraduate researchers working under me . i love teaching them about the science , especially since they are genuinely ... trick question we don't have emotions ! in earnest : spending time with the handful of people who actually - get - us ( though probably just having someone - get - us is good too ) . that feeling ... i'm an intj engineer ! chemical engineering though . i agree with what most people said though in that what you learn is different than what you practice , but i'm also currently pursuing a ph . d . i ... very good question . sadly i think it's too ingrained in the human psyche , probably because people who are passionate about pleasurable sensations are probably more likely to procreate at a much ... pantalaimon 25 did a good job of describing it for me . it always seems to me that most people are just sheep that can't think for themselves . always need someone else to tell them what to think and ... it's a complicated matter , i for one do research in genetic engineering to make microbes that can produce interesting things or produce more of things we are interested in . i think the biggest step ... i think my boss has things pretty well figured out so i'll incorporate a lot of what he does ( i'd peg him as an entj perhaps maybe an intj ) . - adaptive management : with everyone being ... chemical engineering graduate student , love it ! tricky . i like to think i'm pretty good with emotional maturity most of the time but of course i could always stand to improve . main issue i still work on is letting friends know when things are ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4EDhdAHrOg if he says this to you : we are the borg . resistance as you know it is over . we will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own . you will be assimilated . resistance is ... '