' he expects things from me that he doesn't naturally think to do for me , or he does halfheartedly for me just to get it over with and more out of obligation . another example would be : when he is sick he needs me to care for him and i do it without a second thought . when i am sick it's as if there is a checklist in his head that he needs to get over with ... thanks , more of the solipsistic variety . did you read the example i gave above your comment ? should i tell of more instances ? it seems a lie will not physically work it's way from my mouth . i have difficulty even verbalizing a seemingly inconsequential white lie . even if i tried my mannerisms and my face would betray me , my ... i think what i was trying to express is it strikes me just how easily he takes himself into account in most situations without doing the same for others . it seems that anything that happens , even if ... it was sort of meant to be funny , i'm glad you didn't take it too seriously . :) i am an infp and not at all like your infp sister as a driver . i am extremely aware when i am driving , a bit impatient with people who are not with it and i guess a bit aggressive as in , i am ... i have taken the mbti a few times now . originally , a little over 10 years ago , my result was intj , then the two times i had taken it afterwards it was infp and now it is back to intj . when i read ... i have it pretty much figured out that he is a tj . i am leaning towards s as opposed to n . are stj's known for being particularly less understanding and compassionate ? this is really interesting : i am a p and i have never had a dream about taking tests . however , three j's that i know have all told me about test taking dreams just exactly as you described with the ... in your opinion which type is most likely to be selfish ? i am trying to figure out which type my boyfriend is . didn't say exercise would cure add . i said that if he reads up about it he may find out information a doctor may not give him which he can use to help himself . how long of a period of time did you ... i have been suicidal . i am not saying you shouldn't take any medictaion at all or for some time , i am saying that you should look to treat the core problem . it is possible that you may not ... talk therapy can help dealing with childhood trauma . and there are many good books written by professionals , you don't have to use the internet as a source . just to let you know , i have been dealing with depression for 8 years . it is something i treat daily with the decisions i make . i have never taken medication , i was always adament about that ... i recommend doing lots of research . read up on adhd . apparently it is believed to be rooted in genetic factors but there are things you can do to help your brain chemicals . for example : 5htp ... i don't find that to be a good point . too many people take medication instead of figuring the root cause of why they have this condition and fixing that instead . do you want to be dependent on ... i wanted to express that i ( an infp ) didn't take offense to your initial post ; didn't find it particularily insulting & don't see why you would be banned or sensored . i think , as with any ... the more i read about it , the more obvious . some would retain the stricter , narrower dictionary definition of codependency , which requires one person to be physically or psychologically addicted , ... i guess co-dependency sounds right . we are both hyper-vigilant about what the other is feeling as a way to protect ourselves from getting hurt , we are dependent on the relationship and ... ^ ^ ^ thank you everyone for your advice , truly . i am going to stop polluting this message board with this thread . he and i both have issues and we should probably see a counselor together . which may ... sigh . i know confirmation bias . yes . . .. co-dependent relationship yes i am pretty sure we have it . ... i give up . i don't know , i've been thinking and that comment by niss that i think sela emphasized , about where was his apology to me , made me think back to when it happened ( it was late feb ) and the week and a ... daisychain ! ! ! wow that's eerily similiar . and what a terrible response she gave . i think ( hope ) i understand what you mean . i am very destructive . i need to start over often , to start clean , fresh . consistently , the urge to end things , or ruin things becomes strong and i desire ... trinidad i wouldn ' t say i spent the months obsessing over it , it was just there and at times i would remember and it would bring me down . its not that i necessarily trust her more its that i was ... niss i think you are spot on . thank you all for your help . wherearemykeys i am the same way . are you type 2 enneagram ? my istj boyfriend does that too - expects answers immediately . apologies . communicated disorganized train of thought ; was more concerned with expressing the ideas quickly as they came to me rather than actually presenting them in any comprehensible ... niss what are the red flags ? are there any more that you see that i should be aware of ? i see : 1 ) drinking problem due to his anxiety disorder and his inability to say no to when feeling pressured to ... n.yumikim i completely see your point . and under different circumstances i would not felt weird about it . it's more that he sent her a private message telling her that , while texting me at the same ... you are right . well she told me not to get upset about it because he loves me , she said everyone can see that . her words exactly were he is head over heels in love with you . she for me ... yeah thing is also , before this incident , i never had any reason to think anything weird . they knew each other before i came along , i never felt any chemistry or interest in each other on either ... you are right . i really do see how my overly high standards and expectations possibly contribute to his anxieties . it's just that when i love someone i give them everything , i am their ... sounds about right . esp . since i do believe he has shown that he is making effort not to put himself in a situation where he drinks a lot anymore . he was so depressed the about the last time he did ... as an infp i feel a lot from my environment ... was curious how you all perceive each other . for instance , are there certain members who , from their posts and opinions , you perceive a certain ... i am still not sure if i should bring it up at this point or not . i think i have a bigger problem with admitting what i did b / c if say , she had just told me what happened and all i had to do was ... i completely agree . in my opinion it is really unnacceptable to do something like that . as is it unnacceptable to me that i read his messages . the biggest thing for me is , i never would have expected him to do something like that . he has been so loyal and committed to me and to making our relationship work and has put us first , has made it ... geoffrey thank you for your thoughts and the links ! yeah , i don't think i am completely secure in the relationship , ( one bc i have trust issues to begin with ) but especially if i see things like that . part of the issue i think is he ... i am really sorry , not to be rude , but the music and vocals did nothing for me , didn't touch me in any way ( in fact there were times where the vocalist became unbearable ) and the lyrics i found to be ... eyenexepee that was lovely . thank you . you eased some of that anxiety you mentioned me having .. also , i don't want to make it a big deal if it's not . i know he was drunk , i know he wouldn't have actually done anything . i know it was just a message and it didn't ask for anything it was just ... infpblog wow i wait for that day , i do everything i can to increase his confidence ! ! ! i have done everything i can to make it clear to him that i am not leaving that i am in it for the long run , i ... infpblog that's not true , we have had i think 4 or 5 fights in the year we have been together . i have been the one to start all of them and i am always so relieved afterwards because i feel we get so ... also there are different stages of being drunk . i've seen him in many . there are stages where he is happy , easy going , lighthearted and enjoying himself . then there are the more dangerous stages ... bey well yes to some extent this is true , but just because you think something ( yes , that girl is attractive , he was drunk she was there and he sent the message . i know on a daily basis that ... yes , very right . i am an extremely faithful , loyal , committed person . when i am in a relationship no other man exists to me , they are just people , even if i find one attractive i think ... '