' this doesn't seem to make much sense to me at all . pretty off on quite a few . are you sure it's a bad thing ? obviously , if it feels rooted in intense hopelessness , it's probably not the healthiest on some level . =) but making a relationship out of this situation sooo ... hmm , i mean there is not dramatic variance for you . the only real difference between enfj and infj that is noticeable is that the extraverted feeling is stronger than the introverted intuition in ... well , that could be confusing ! =) you sound like the video did help you ... i'm glad . at least you can feel pretty confident that you are an nf . that's definitely the most important aspect , knowing ... yea , i guessed infp more than enfp because your fi seem to be especially controlling , a quality i think is great . ( infps are my favorite type =) ) it's even part of why you freak out . =) as ... hey ! i haven't read every word here , but i definitely read a lot of the first stuff . while reading , i personally thought , this person sounds a lot like me ! when you have that list in your second ... i have seen many infjs who are leaders . but more often , actually , i have seen ones who do best as a second , not just a follower but as this amazing second . in some ways they are actually the ... this was very enjoyable to read . =) i loved your description i caught myself basically crawling over the counter , smiling uncontrollably ( i thought my face would break open from it ) and staring at ... there is so much that you say here that is dead on . the confusion experienced that says well i guess i want sex when it is actually just a desire for romantic friendship , but as there is no ... in short , yep , i have said on more than one occasion that stj is my most difficult to get alone with personality . that doesn't mean i can't really enjoy one , too . one of my really fun friends in ... really ? ? ! ! it's like an unstoppable thing in my life ! honestly difficult , irritating , and even dangerous at times . i have been described like a whirlwind with a new idea or view of people or the ... okay , so i have only recently been learning this--i'm not even remotely trying to tie it into nf personality types yet though i wondered . i have read quite a bit recently that people can have ... i agree with tos . that is a very sp thing to do , impulsively and spontaneously go for it in a concrete realm ( and succeed enormously at it ) . n's might be prone to impulsivity and spontaneity but ... i know tons of intuitives with exceptionally long attention spans . we aren't good at having long attention spans in terms of sensory things sometimes . for instance , i have a short attention span ... glad you relate . =) it doesn't just burst . it is genuine and that's actually how he feels , as crazy as that might seem . and throughout your relationship he will likely more and more creatively ... i have totally seen this side of an infp before . demanding , perfectionistic , and exceptionally high-maintenance . i think it is when the super-sensitive side of the infp ( which can perceive ... infps are my favorite mbti . and yes , there is an obvious weakness in them ( meaning lack of strength ) , certainly when compared to the natural willfulness and strength of other personalities . but i ... estp . i have known a few of those . the women estp's that i know are gorgeous and attractive--i mean flat out wonderful . they are pretty naturally sexy and have a sexy independence , kind of like the ... yea , your description sounds about right . =) i have been in a relationship with an infj , too . the infj is kind of like , wow , this enfp is magical and incredible and exciting and me as an enfp kind ... i think bieber is an esfp . it is sad to me how much people antagonize him . maybe it's an enfp thing , but i relate to struggling with arrogance and audacity in my life , especially if you are in a ... for one , i think it is hilarious how unbalanced the accuracy of this test would be through examination of this site . what , like 50 % of the responses here are from infj's a grand total of less than ... so many ! the scene at the end of mulan when they bow to her , when the emperor bows to her . the tale is old as time song in beauty and the beast and the dancing . it's beautiful ! the ... just a thought for the op , i wonder if this inclination might actually relate to a fear of being gay even when you are actually straight . i have had a few amazing infp male friends , and two of them ... lol . i hear you . i think the personality i have most been afraid of are istp's as i so don't understand them . yea , i felt sorry for my nf guy friends , many of whom are attracted to sp's who ... i've seen them go for all but istp , though seem to be heavier on the f's ( isfp and esfp ) . plus , both of these two infj's i am thinking about are guys going for gals . =) i think you are onto something . it is the difference between fi and fe . introverted feeling which enfp's and infp's have works very differently from extroverted feeling , which enfj's and infj's ... huh , i have yet to have that experience yet . i feel like i know a lot just by looking at someone , even from the back , but maybe i'm just nuts . at the same time , i'm famous for commenting on ... i'm literally the only nf in my entire extended family , even the only n . dad : estp mom : isfj grandma : isfj great grandma : esfp aunts : estj , esfp uncles : istj , isfj sisters : isfj , istj ... absolutely ! vibe has become a commonly used verb and noun between my nf friends and i . did you just vibe that person ? ... i am vibing this feeling of ... i'm getting a vibe from you of ... , etc . and ... 31/36 not an infj here , but i found this post very interesting . as i understand some of the psych foundations of mbti , would it really be intuitives who are a particularly good at reading concrete ... i know two other infj's who are hopelessly attracted to se dom types . =) you're not alone ( not that you thought you were ) . i think as an enfp male , i often have more ' feminine ' interests : emotions , relationships , causes but i express much of this in more ' masculine ' ways , concepts and reasoning . my interests may even ... as for my own experience , i really relate with what phoenix is saying about the more feminine start being difficult but also giving you a head start . there are ways i totally didn't relate to ... i totally agree ! it took some work for me to figure out i was enfp because of this : i'm so flippin empathic and people kept saying that was a fe thing . but i'm a 2w3 enneagram , just as you said . and when one of your life goals has become the ability to explain that unbelievably specific and descriptive feeling you get while people are talking that has so much information in it and so much ... when your thought life takes more energy than an average person's efforts to prepare for a marathon . when your thought life confuses people as it seems more important to you than the concrete ... for whatever it is worth , which might be very little , this has been a pretty big issue in my life . it was maybe 3-4 years into college when i realized that i was flat-scared by the charisma i had . ... i am kind of amazed by how many people are typing hermione as an sj ! i mean come on people , does she really seem like an sj ? plus , jkr most compared herself to hermione , and jkr is rather clearly ... i think it can be a big challenge for istp's and enfp's to understand each other , you're certainly right there . but if you don't particularly want to spend the energy to understand or , as you seem ... swordsman , i can definitely relate and in some real ways agree with what you are saying , though i think some other comments on here are hopefully encouraging to both you and i . i have said it before ... wow , i wish i could tell you how much i appreciated this post ! i haven't been on here for very long , but i am thinking , really , did this person just take this time to help me out this much ? the ... wow , muchap , if that was the sole standard for the difference , i certainly would not be an enfp . sympathy is common and automatic for me . it is also a value . by the way muchaparadox what thread were ... oh and cudi , that last point you made about enfp's being childlike while enfj's are adults , that is extremely interesting to me . i would say that i used to be much more adult but as i found some ... thank-you so much for the feedback so far . i get excited when i read your responses because i will think , yes , that's definitely me ! , but then something else will appear and i will think , oh no , ... perhaps this is a norm on this forum . i am new here and so i wouldn't really know . but does anyone else find this level of hatred towards people , this level of disgust and repulsion and condescension ... i am certainly an nf and pretty darn certain i'm an enf , not much question there . but i find it difficult to understand the difference between enfj and enfp . currently , i lean towards the latter , ... i affirm your sensitivity and love of your friend . ( i think it is interesting to note how most of the f's responding are affirming you while t's think it is nigh absurd for you to even be struggling ... professor x from x-men first class is one of the few i haven't seen mentioned . he could be an infj , too . the first one i thought of when i read was mentioned twice : charlie from the perks of ... '