' the fact that this is coming from kim jong-un on a unicorn with a magic wand and fairy wings makes this a million times better . most definitely both . i find science in art and art in science , also ( deep right ... true though ) i'm going to correct the what does she drive with the real car . http://images.clickedit.co.uk/8545/84810091.JPG only just 5 ' 6 - pretty late bloomer . i find it odd that everyone's discussing like ... 4 ' being short and i'm here being one of the shortest in my yeargroup in my country and being mocked for my ' lack ... that long hair looks awesome ! i think the ' long hair looks creepy look ' is definitely how you style it , and i see ... no femininity with your hair aw thank you , haha ! i get told i look like anne a lot . - . especially with the long hair . 403610  4036 34 second photo was yesterday .. reading various different personality sites ( for the fun of it ) ... but i'm getting really annoyed now . every single time i see a comment on someone's blog , status , or some sort of post . infj ... personally on here i like small talk ... often i'm too busy dealing with something to give paragraphs of information unless its something severely important to me . just because some of us small-talk , ... thank you for the reply , mystikro . with the regards to common ground , surprisingly we somehow did . i think it was more of a common-interest and even behavior up to a point . thank you for your reply , bengalcat . i can understand whereby feelings and desires would be . we weren't attached ' at the hip'-relationship wise , we were very casual and weren't ... seriously intimate ... i didn't fully understand myself to be honest . i've messaged him bringing it back up ( as he was out all night seeing family ) because he didn't answer . i can only so far assume that because of the ... thank you for your reply , veggie . i can understand - and sorry for the late reply . thank you for the suggestions on how to keep myself both grounded and motivated - i tend to get lost in my head ... thank you for your comment . i didn't mean my knives comment as in it's tearing me apart - it was that the whole idea of being completely uncommitted when we had been for such a long time came off ... thank you so mcuh :) i don't believe there's anything else wrong . i couldn't be happier with my current state of life with regards to extra education and then university - unless there's something ... thank you for your reply , i can agree . we were seen as a very confusing couple but people say we're the ' unlikely ' couple that're meant to be so to speak . we are completely different - but it's ... thank you for your reply , aizar , i appreciate it . he's been up there for around .. two months now , as he chose to be there and meet everyone before the semester properly started . unfortunately i have ... thank you for the reply , i can understand - i'm sorry that happened with your relationship :/ i didn't think about the lack of physical affirmation .. that may explain why he said he could do physical ... i did post this unintentionally in the infj thread , just to clear up confusion if anyone noticed ... hi ! i'm a 5w4 infj . my boyfriend of 3 years is an estj . we've had ( many ) ups and downs but ... hi ! i'm a 5w4 infj . my boyfriend of 3 years is an estj . we've had ( many ) ups and downs but i've not came across one as difficult as this - he's gone to university . only two hours away , though . i'm ... not liking to work with people i think may be an individualistic trait , although it does tend to steer more towards the introverts and such moreso than others ... i personally also like to work ... it would depend on how you'd use it , most definitely . but your email address , anything you look at , or simply going onto the internet can be traced right back down to you o . o thank you for answering ! i really appreciate it . i can understand where there's the generation gap - it's caused a lot of issues between my parents and i over the short space of my lifetime . i assume ... hey guys ! this came to mind when i was starting to redecorate my room ... ... how much paper and unnecessary stuff i own . so i thought i'd as the question - do you hoard ? i've noticed that other ... i'd say that to some degree isfps can be very naive . however i'm not sure if it's just logic for isfp's as many of us ( i've noticed ) are a bit of both . a friend of mine is isfp and he has more ... i've been told that i'm ' rough ' before - many have also said that i'm unintentionally harsh or hot and cold . i naturally also have a short fuse but sometimes what i say comes out .. way more ignorant ... hi :) i am an isfp with an intp mother and an entp father ... first born ( i call myself the i make the mistakes so you don't have to child ) and i'm almost 18 . i've found that more recently my ... this is me - but not only with regards to things being written like manuals ( what even is a manual - haha ) when i was learning to drive my parents ( entj intj ) would always be surprised at how quickly ... ... not everyone does that ? i have paramore ' the only exception ' in my head right now and it's in my head like i'd listen to a cd ... how the actual hell do people not think of music in their ... oh my gosh . honestly i thought the heart-beat thing was my own mental issue . everyone's all like ' i like to lie on my * insert so's name * chest and listen to their heart beating . if i'm leaning on ... i know a couple ! i personally grew up with dealing with the outdoors ( woo for horses ) but many of my isfp friends despise it - only go outside for food or education haha . i'd definitely say number ... i can definitely relate to this - i've never really fit in . i've been accepting of myself for years but i get it's difficult . people knew me as the one who only mumbles , listens to music all the ... 1 . ) artistic - but clumsy . oops . 2 . ) rebellious - yes ( to an extent .. nothing illegal folks ! ) 3 . ) animal lovers - to an extent ... bugs ... eughhh ... 4 . ) caring of others - civil to those i dislike ... oh boy here we go ! i have a crap ton of interests and hobbies .. predominantly athletic ( running , olympic lifting , crossfit-esque stuff , spinning , horse riding , football , dance . golf ... etc etc . i do ... i can understand everyone's gripes with love , as love is something hard to come by and way too many people just want it to be there immediately , but dude , please don't hate yourself . weird is ... from my own personal pov as a child : i found i got affected the most when people'd ask how i'd feel if something was the other way around ( not that i was really horrible to people haha ) , how ... hahaha , indeed . typically use c + + , java , and html : 3 1 . people who use ' your ' instead of ' you're ' , ' defiantly ' rather than ' definitely ' , ' angle ' not ' angel ' and so on . 2 . lads who like you , think they're everything , you turn them down and they get ... 1 . don't care much about the future i care about the future , but not as much as the here and now . most of my decisions are based on my future , though . 2 . don't dream as much as we do highly ... 338353 possibly my favorite photo on my computer something which reaaally annoys people - i can't ask for things without feeling guilty for asking . i second think everything . this looks good ... wait someone else might want it best not to ... 6w7 eldest of two . my younger sister is 3 years younger . intrigued at how this would determine your enneagram ! i feel like the isfp hell would get me more ... riled up and inclined to punch everyone out of anger and upset as opposed to a hell because once they're all beaten up then ... i'm free .. i hope . hell ... this pretty much sums up my friend's and her boyfriend's isfp + isfp relationship . i found it adorable but hilarious . dated both entj and estj ... had no idea with either until after , mind . entj are definitely the worst to shake off - i found difficulty in forgetting them and getting on with life . they're the ... 1 . is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place ? i'd like to think with most things , it's worse to fail at something - at least you're able to proudly say you tried , which ... typically rpg's but i play near enough anything ... used to be a total wow nut . - . ( not saying i'm not now .. i just don't have the time ... #studentlife ) more often than not i'm using steam - my ... everyone looks so amazing ! ! : o only recently chopped my ' mop ' and i had only just taken a picture now ... oopth anyhow as many are posting more than one photo , here we goes ~ thank you for your input :) i ended up asking the doctor about it , if it would be healthy to give them up right away because i don't feel that they're doing me any good at all . he said it would be ... haha that sounds like a good idea ! basically in uh , the female ' cycle ' i'm very much abnormally and worryingly late almost all the time . so this is supposed to get me back on track '