no , no i haven't . i don't know that i can objectively , i've read too much . i think i need someone to assess me . i agree with your point about te , just based on statistics alone it is much more likely that i am istj . but i would still like to explore si and ni further . thanks for the response , i think your right i will have to have someone help me to type myself as opposed to trying to type myself . i will look on the sub forums as you suggested though . i don't know how to determine which is my dominant function . everyone dose both to some extent , but i'm just not sure which is my dominant function . the reason i've started to question this is ... lol , thanks i think i sorted out the female part but i'm still not sure about the s or n part . how can you tell if you are a istj female or an intj female ... please help interesting , so you can find different personality types that are high matches ( compatible vs the same ) did you combine it with mbti by asking them to self report type ? how did you determine ... would be interesting to see what types you match up with best . ok cupid seems to be good at matching people that are the same as opposed to complimentary . for example it would match an intj with ... interesting i feel the same i know exactly what your talking about , not an intj but what you described is what happens with me . how long were you together and how long did it take to get over . if you don't mind me asking what was the reason . was it an intp / istj issue for example him saying he doesn't get enough n type ... my 7 year relationship with an intp just ended . istjs how have you dealt with the loss of a long term relationships in which you didnt want the relationship to end and when you still deeply love ... i don't know that i have met one , would like to get to know a infj . i feel he doesn't like sj types and that maybe it can't work based on that . his perfectionism is directed outward on to me and he is very critical . its been 7 years on and off near the end . thats exactly it he says he doesn't want to keep hurting me . he says he dosent see a future . i feel like i ve lost him . he says he isn't able to reciprocate in the relationship . i don't know if this ... have been in a relationship with an intp for 7 years on and off in the last few . he belives we are not compatable and dose not like the way he treats me . he recently broke up with me and says he is ... have been in a relationship with an intp for 7 years on and off in the last few . he belives we are not compatable and dose not like the way he treats me . he recently broke up with me and says he is ... i am an istj but i feel the same about my type , glad to know i'm not only one . i am very frustrated by unhealthy or underdeveloped istjs . i feel like i get punished for this all the time : ( no i don't understand how an intp or intj can be religious.it would be very interesting to talk to a religious intp or intj . it seems counterintuitive to me would like to understand it . curious , i don't understand how this is possible please explain . excited about this tread , i have not seen a lot of posts on intp and istj relationships . i have been with an intp for 7 years on and off in the past few . i could write you a book on intps . i actually ... theroretical question what would a relationship bw an infj and an istj look like is it even possible ? many people hate being told they are wrong , and bluntness and direct communication is something they see as aggressive . do you care about what they think when you are direct ? many people hate being told they are wrong , and bluntness and direct communication is something they see as aggressive . do you care about what they think when you are direct ? lol good point that's fair sounds pretty judgmental , i've had a pretty bad experience with an intp type proff so did an intp in the class . wait , you have a gf , but your an intp ... lol . sorry couldn't help myself , its meant in jest . omg so true hilarious pretty dam close to being gods [ quote = andyb 9274 ; 9238570 ] the only real requirements that i care for are intelligence , kindness and an aversion to histrionics . [ / quo . hahahahaha ... ah histrionics . men say they hate them but ... lol ... yeah the people skills . i lack them too . but getting along with intjs is so effortless . if they are underdeveloped or an unhealthy istj than don't waste your time . if they are not unhealthy and some what developed try to appeal to their sense of logic you may have to prove that you are ... nashville , lol . have you grown up with a narsacistic mother ? please share your experience and how it has affected you . how do you deal with it ? what negative consequences have you suffered as result ? open to all ... sounds really nice , i can hear the silence . the only thing that could make that better would be free hot dogs . oh i didn't k ow they were banned . new to world of internet forums . its the difference bw intps and intj , intjs want you to understand if its important to them . intps gave up 5 mins ago and mentally / physically walked away . those the nosie that comes with parades bother intjs as well ? i don't like nosie distracts me from my thoughts , but maybe that's an s thing and n types can tune it out . lol , i enjoy being physically close to my intp but in slience so we can both be with our thoughts or sometimes listening to music in the car . but mostly the silence . it sounds harsh it is but his intention wasn't to hurt me . he didn't really think that one through . blunt honsesty is part of the istj / intp package , i just wish he didn't feel that way . thanks will respond with a private message when i have chace i feel that your description is very accurate , i know how hard it is for them but i guess the it not being natural didn't matter because i see the effort involved and means a lot to me . from what i see on the forums it seems to be rare , i have seen female intps with male istjs but not the other way around . the relationship is currently on the rocks , we have been together for seven ... i really like intjs , i have an intj boss and we get along very well . i never have to worry about hurting his feelings or what is politically correct . he is happy to theoretically disscus anything and ... we seem to be hopelessly draw to each other we have taken breaks where we have each dated other people . personally i have dated s types and i find myself looking for the escape hatch while they fall ... my intp bf thinks all istjs me included are boring ... and the sad part is that i see it too and find most other istjs boring ... i wish he at least didn't think that , i wish i was an n type . thanks , nice to know there are different intps . its been seven years and i don't know that i can do this for very much longer unless i see real change in him . my problem is that if it doesn't work ... the boring factor is big for him , not having the same mental abilities / perspective , the predictability ... he hates it when the istj at his work offers helpful suggestions bc he sees the suggestions ...