' i've actually thought that once - iq does seem to be your ability to predict the future . i kind of feel like it is also your ability to come to the right conclusion . interesting . i agree ... cool username , just like mine lol . i think the best piece of advice i can give is look up explanations of iq questions . you can start to mimic their thought process until it is so ingrained that you ... you are certainly correct . i think my iq improved because i improved my style of thought , i think prior to my high results i was not performing to the best of my ability due to errors in my thought ... i think iq certainly means something . with that power to solve problems , imagine the things you can invent . the most basic way i can describe ni is making impressions and theories . you make observations , connect observations to other observations , find patterns , and ultimately devise theories that relate ... start forcing yourself to think about what could happen the first time i took an iq test i was about 14 years old and i scored a 122 , give or take a couple points . i scored a 640 on the math portion of my sat when i was about 16 . i'm stating these just ... i am 18 years old , but i might be an entj . not sure . i dislike sjs because they try to control every facet of my life and they talk about the most mundane topics possible . did you see that red striped shirt kathy was wearing yesterday ? a ... i've met unstable enfps that acted that way . however , since she likes to take control , she may be a j . now , from the entjs i know , they definitely are not able to just cry and such to manipulate ... how does an intj end up with a istj ? from what i've observed , intjs and istjs clash . i see your points , but sensors are more likely to enjoy small talk and partake in it . you may be right there . what i've noticed is that i clash with si doms , but i can't exactly put my finger on the reason why i do . hmm , i never thought of it that way . i think the barrier has to do with small talk and stuff that sensors like to talk about , which bore intuitives and vice versa . well i think intuitive types tend to get along with other intuitive types . sensing types tend to get along with other sensors . out of all the people i keep in my social circle , 90 % of them are n's ... i actually made a list of all the enfps i've met in my life . i've met 16 in total - 13 of them were women . that's funny lol , but you're right . each type is a magnet for a specific type . infps tend to ... that's odd because i've met so many enfps in my life that it's unusual . it seems like they orbit me i guess so , i'm going to work on this more . did you read it ? my theory is that the reason intjs attract to enfps is because their main functions complete eachother , like a two piece puzzle . each mbti archetype fits another perfectly in a relationship . it can be compared to a two piece jigsaw puzzle , where one type can only be completed by particular piece perfectly . in the case of ... i agree . i don't even feel the energy to explain my theories to others , unless they are blatantly incorrect about something i do too . i believe every song you listen to reflects on you , particularly to a part of your emotional self i agree with you . once i start talking about one of my theories comprehensively to someone , they usually agree . i have noticed a trait about myself that is strange . i tend to make conclusions without any concrete evidence constantly - and people do not believe me because i don't have evidence . once i ... out of the 6 girls i've had romantic relations with throughout my life , 5 of them were enfps and 1 was a esfp . in school enfp girls would talk to me constantly and never leave me alone , but i loved ... i don't really understand ne that well , but from my limited understanding of it i think yes . conceivably . i also think i am ambiverted . some people have thought of me as entps before ... weird . i don't tend to look up online definitions of ni or si , instead , i observe it in real life with real life istjs ... sjs are very meticulous as well . they also stick to rigid schedules and are slow workers . ( i just researched this , lol . ) i am the opposite of that . i work as fast as possible and i adjust along ... i saw a graph somewhere that stated intjs don't get along very well with sjs . i think of them as the police officers , judges , and firefighters of society . i see . i met an istj once and we really clashed . he was extremely rigid ... we just never got along . i would think that istjs would get along with other istjs , but idk . when i first took the test , i got entj . overtime i began to doubt it because i've always been shy and quiet . can you describe the istj vibe ? i mean , the vibe is just an internet-vibe but i'm curious ... i forget my results . i'll take a new test , and i'll try to be as honest as possible . i will go with my gut with every answer . here's the test i'm taking : http://similarminds.com/cgi-bin/cog_jung.pl ... i took a cognitive function test once and my main function was ni and my weakest was fi . my second strongest was te , it was only slightly weaker than my ni though . i don't understand how they are cliche ... it's just what i observed . there have been times where i thought i was a intj ( when i made this account ) and other times where i doubted that i was . i just ... that's false . i actually used a psychedelic and got into the inner workings of my mind . bump , i need help . i will describe how my mind works . i think of everything in images and symbols . ideas are represented in my head in the form of complex imagery , symbols , and pictures . i have an extremely vast ... i definitely do not play in a fast paced way . i tend to make risky moves and plan out my moves inbetween turns . whenever the board changes , i adjust my plan accordingly i love music . especially house / techno music . electronic music is just math itself , so as an intj , you have an advantage . this . online iq test's only ask you puzzle-type questions . these meaningless puzzles only test your ability to figure out that puzzle ... not your entire mathematical talent . there are so many ... when i play chess , i tend to play rather quickly ... on the chess piece that i am interested in moving , i tend to think of all the possibilities it can go in in an instant ... then i think of a spot on ... without a phone , i would practically be useless in the situation because i know nothing about cars . i would ask others if they had a phone to do research on and if no one had a phone available , i ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... don't let your ego get to your head goodbi t my iq is 43 that makes sense . well , what are his hobbies ? if you started partaking in his hobbies with him , i'm sure your relationship will become better . haha . this reminds of onetime where i crushed an enfp's time travel dream , by stating my view on how impossible and stupid it really is . you and i are in the same boat . i unfortunately have this natural fire of feeling towards enfps ... some people just do not get along . i don't get along with isfjs at all nor do i have any intention in attempting to . sorry if i can't help . '