' this part from sebadoh - on fire : if what i said was unkind now it feels like i ’ m on fire it ’ s burning the world through but don ’ t hold it against me , ‘ cuz i know you ’ re lying , too of ... so , ziggurat , i'm wondering if you are going to make some sort of compilation or anything if you're doing some proper research ? :) if he's anything like me , he would love a miniature keychain favourite animal . for me it's a raccoon . i would love having a miniature fuzzy raccoon in my keychain . any little token that implies ... http://img12.imageshack.us/img12/5140/desktop24012011.jpg uploaded with imageshack.us i've been working on a big project lately so pc-desktop is odd ( good thing you won't see my laptop ... oooh ! i relate and have no idea what to do , sorry , i just started university a few months ago , we are 100 people and i've made like 2 actual friends that i spend time with . evidently , i also think ... you know you're an infj when someone asks for help - you fail to be helpful , and without reason feel you've failed that person for a long time even do you couldn't have done it otherwise . and it's ... i think i know exactly how you feel . i don't know if you are like me at that point , but when feeling hurt did you then sort of act like a wounded animal ? you wouldn't reveal how down you were and ... i don't know you , but you are awesome for proving my point ! <3 this was an interesting read , thank you for that . now , i may be biased here . anyway , i don't believe that people using me or i or talks that much about oneself in such fashion are ... oh that was awesome ! i think what we infjs may be prone to sometimes doing is bottling up and then unleash fury in weird uncontrolled bursts . and then none the less when we are drunk and inhibitions ... personally , for some reason , i can just feel it . and i think i feel stuff based on previous experiences and previous reactions to previous situations ( as experiences ) and then on what i have read ... when i was like 8-10 or something and out in a summerhouse with some family , i one day went to the beach alone ( i was left home alone and figured i might as well go down there , it wasn't very far and ... i used to have that as little . when my teacher just criticized my work the very least , i would be hurt for days ! if i did something wrong and was well aware of it , and then if my teacher ( again with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv9UYpkcPFw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcbmBm5k-dc somewhere inbetween . i'm not sure i pretend to be anyone else since i'm uncomfortable doing so , but i think i can be hard to tell apart from intj . maybe e-anything when i'm with my closest of friends . not really given it ... 1 . i was out spending hours upon hours with a favourite friend ( a girl , wee ! ) going from thrift shop to thrift shop and while she found tons of clothes and some books on nodes , i'm happy to have ... well , i mean , i'm sure you trust strangers not to rape you or rape anyone else for that matter , because it's so low . if it's not trust they betray , then it must be respect ; respect you have for ... will you forgive someone if they murder you ? : tongue : no , really though , i will never be able to forgive a rapist or murderer . if someone could do that , how would i ever trust them ? i also ... i'm like .. i forgive , but i never ... ever ... forget .   ... ever ! : mellow : i guess we all have dark sides , don't we ? personally i think it's important as to not become overly blue-eyed . don't get me wrong , i love blue-eyed , naïve people who can always just be happy and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVe5xndY9Jk not taken at face value , though . only if taking the deeper meanings in it ! i was born and then i died . this is the story of a million lives . they ... yea , me too ! one of my best friends is an intp . so very much he could epitomize it . i think we ( infjs and intps ) get along so well because we both rely so much on our intuition when we can't use ... i agree , though ! you should be happy he can compliment you like that , because , as mentioned i agree - i can go days on a simple compliment if i can take it at face value ! :D even over the slighest ... somehow all of this debate is reminding me of incubus - the warmth and esp . the lyrics : so don't let the world bring you down , not everybody here is that fucked up and cold . remember why you ... it's possible i read too much into the connection , i suppose . but to be honest i just still don't see it . i've never been able to connect with generation-older people , ever . not in real-life ... i have a hard time relating to finding strenght in my softness . :( i try to be genuinely respective and polite towards everyone , but i don't really have much left for such assholes , though .  ... i dunno if this has been mentioned , but i also think eddie vedder could be an infj . :) yea ok so i may have misinterpreted some . but you did use the word connect , and i just don't see how one can connect on any level and less superficially with someone with whom one doesn't want a ... this is actually one of the few things i can't relate to ( prolly with a very decent reason ) . unless the older people actually are interesting . there is definitely reason behind talking with older ... craig minowa from cloud cult ? many of his lyrics strongly imply , i believe . maybe especially : i guess you've been worrying about my mental stability i may seem unusual , but there is really ... i agree with fairytales . don't do anything if it's just because you feel compelled and you don't really want to do it . a girl i know sat in working on a paper for school last year - - just ' cuz ... it would be awesome if we could make a list just for .. y'know , the shits and giggles : mellow : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj2p_v_FfJ8 on your palm an endless wonder lines that speak the truth without a sound in your eyes awaits the tireless hunger already looks for prey to run down ... that is quite the unfortunate predicament . apparently , however , i underestimate the possible direness in otherwise well-educated countries . may i inquire your age , however - just for the ... that's definitely a possible assessment , but we don't drink so much as , to put it frank , young people is slowly taking over the traditions . do you really stop judging all together if you get ... i don't know about the others , but for me it's mainly because i don't really * want * to fake it . i think i could fake being all jolly and willy quite feel if i felt the urge , but at family gather it's ... if it's any consolation at all , then there definitely are people who can relate and emphasise . when i feel that way i usually turn to the song sebadoh - on fire ( acoustic ) , since i definitely ... oh . that's why i have such close friends who are girls , because i never care to make a move ! :p really though , i agree and relate with like 90 % that is posted here . quality > quantity , definitely , ... history of lsd - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia it would appear that it originates from switzerland . the main intention of the synthesis was to obtain a respiratory and circulatory stimulant ... lsd is the one single drug i've always - - always - - wanted to really try . i mean hash and pot ( and other weak stuff ) never meant anything for me . i got nothing from it . except the lazyness , and ... first , to continue derailing ( best do that first , right ? ) i agree ! lithgow was absolutely amazing ! though i loved the way dex got so pissed at m . prado , that was nice ( also an f-dominated trait , i ... oh so someone already mentioned that . personally i think he was an infj all along , just a wounded one , maybe . i don't think an intj sociopath would try that hard to abide a moral code as dexter did , ... i disagree on dexter , though . i definitely think he's infj . sure , he seems to not care , but he is really trying because he wants to care . he keeps thinking there is only one of his kind and that he ... also seconded ! :D youtube - thrice - moving mountains o / i think that's the common ground my family and i have found too ! :D really , though , i've always liked the notion of the family-quality time that is possible during christmasses ( and i dislike the ... garden state ( one of my alltime favourites ! ) elternal sunshine of the spotless mind - haven't see ( planning on to , though ) when harry met sally ( was kinda meh ) donnie darko ( also one of my alltime ... in general ? no . when random colleagues and peers ask services of me , i'll help if i think i would like being friends with them ( which isn't really amazingly often ) and if it isn't going completely ... when i was a kid i felt bad when i wasn't included , but back then i kind of always was included . then i found some good friends ( with whom i'm still really good friends with ) and i decided the ... i'm intrigued . what makes infj males distinctive in speech ? '