' the only things worth exchanging a human life in order to protect are not things that can be physically damaged . see also : the george bailey effect . who has a life that's worth trading for a ... my enfp wife is extremely affectionate when it's her affection to give . however , she needs to give permission to another to come into her personal space and give her affection . she partly needs to ... that sounds precisely like the two of us . it's actually kind of strange to read that . ... even though you generally aren't . this is the most accurate post so far . my younger sister and i consistently both type as intjs . we look and feel very different , but we're wired almost ... this is not something capable of being figured out through random and anecdotal online forum posts . just do your homework . i could not disagree with this more strongly than i do . i'm not big on using mbti for absolutes , but my 2 worst dating relationships with with isfjs , and both were horrible series of ... 1 . ) rarely - more than once or twice per month would be frequent for me . 2 . ) no . 3 . ) your question assumes that dreams can predict future events . as dreams are manifestations and do not think or ... so , my fiancee is ( as some might predict ) and enfp . she's experienced my sister and me together , and my dad , and my uncles , and she is troubled by the lack of physicality in our relationships , and ... i can appreciate this . i find this has gotten worse and worse for me since i finished law school 5 years ago . the more clutter , the more difficult it is to let things simmer and become ready for ... reminds me of a discussion my dad ( also intj ) and i had once . he said to me half-jokingly i have often had the idea to carry a pad and pen to write down the bright ideas i have because i can have ... i find it extraordinarily hard to communicate well with sfjs . my mother is an esfj in a house with 3 intjs ... and it was a , um , rocky upbringing . much worse , however , is isfjs . i dated one last ... today , i was looking for a shirt and had no idea what i'd done with it . i was juggling about 10 tasks this morning ahead of going to my aunt's for thanksgiving . i went into full blown ' find the ... i used to be in favor of the death penalty for many major crimes , but now i can't agree with it . first , as an attorney , i can't not see the evidentiary problems , and legal costs , which are both ... as this is a work acquaintance , i would suspect that the nature of the work , and his relationship with it , may affect your relationship with him . if he's fully-engaged at work , and interested in ... sometimes . usually , it looks something like this . i have a problem ( usually something big - debt issues , car / house issues , corporate things i'm involved with , etc . ) , and it's one that i can't ... this i mostly agree with . i would add to the final note that i see no reason to be afraid of death because most of the time , planning for it is futile . you cannot assume or work it into any kind of ... eh , my parents are this match in reverse . they've been married almost 40 years , and i've never seen them fight , but to be honest , i have no idea what to think of the quality of their relationship . ... option 2 . assuming i could maintain living my current , modest living conditions , i would work option 2 for the minimum period of time , or work to get myself fired when i don't feel like doing it ... i think that there's a lot of room for subjectivity here . i will often not make a decision simply because there's no reason to make one yet . deciding whether it's appropriate to even make a ... people do watch too much big bang theory , and i agree with this . i notice brain-body disassociation issues with all of the intjs in my family , but the coordination and fine motor skills thing is ... i wouldn't try reading tea leaves here . i'm in fairly close proximity to all 3 of my ex-s , and i don't give them a second thought . in fact , i recently emailed one solely because she worked at an ... point 1 - no , actually , it's rather appropriate . i don't assert that lack of evidence ( as you want see it ) is evidence of something , but rather that it does not allow for the conclusion that there ... i don't agree with this . in fact , i think intjs are more predisposed to examine the possibility of god's existence than other types because ( 1 ) an honest intj would admit that he or she cannot ... the answer to this would depend on whether my work is a vocation or just a job , but frankly , in either event , no serious effort at acquiring what others would consider balance is likely to be ... that's like an assumption that you won't get wet while pissing into the wind . this principle applies to a lot of things in the life of an intj . it's how you deal with the lack of fulfillment that matters . i've got several in my family ( sister , father , two uncles , at least one first cousin ) , and i had known at least one other in grad school . frankly , i'm grateful for them . it means there are people ... frankly , i don't think type matters in this realm all that much ( that is , i don't think cooking ability depends much on your type ) . with intjs , the brain acclimates well to cooking regardless of the ... this is why i did my best stuff in law school , and have felt as though i've been trying to run with a ball and chain around my leg ever since . there are just too many meaningless distractions and ... you spelled feel incorrectly . yeah , i think this is serious misunderstanding of the intj . it's actually not far off from what i think a lot of people conclude about us though , mainly because it's missing what's going on in our ... to be honest , i don't really understand what it is that you're after . reading just your posts through here , you've got me kind of confused about what it is you're asking . i would point out that you ... i don't ' like ' being assertive , but it is definitely better than having nothing happen , or having a i don't know where do you want to sit moment . sometimes i just straight up order people ... can we get a definition of what a ' hipster ' is , exactly ? my sister and i are pretty sure that our dad was the original hipster , and that he's just been copied . he does some really weird shit . he's ... i noticed in the law school and bar exam experience that this was the case . i thought the bar exam was relatively easy - it was a lot of work to prepare for it , but the material was pretty simple ... the best compliments are in cases where a person does some affirmative act requiring that he / she formed a positive conclusion of my ability ( this is usually lacking when people praise solely in word , ... this is 100 % accurate , i think . instability in life , and / or gaps left unfilled ( seemingly for unknown reasons to others ) can become a defining feature of an intj , and dictate lots of other things . ... that first part is the great irony of being an intj for me . yes , i do the second thing a lot . i'm slightly less vague about it though - my goals are much more specific , and are usually aimed at ... ha ! i use a few television shows as reflections on life . of course , it's hard to do since i no longer own a television . as to the first part , yeah , i mean i eliminate things once i conclude that they aren't working and aren't going to work , but it takes a long time for me to remove them completely , if i ever do that ... the ' right ' to vote is the single more double-sided coin we have in society , and the framers weren't stupid : they did not put a whole lot of faith in ' the people ' to make good decisions , which is why ... yeah , i don't understand the example with brother at all . my own experience , which seems to be common among all the intjs in my family ( in fact , i think i can use this to parse who is really an nt ... 1 . ) see this other thread that you had started where we've hashed some of these issues already ; 2 . ) what's normal for you to feel is a lifelong battle that you'll be waging with yourself as an intj ... i find that my mind is most busy at the bookends of sleep periods . i'm a busy body in the 3 hours or so before i have to go to bed , and can be very productive , in practical terms , at that time . on ... i would agree with most of this , too , by the way . it's really the whole issue : you have to make a person trust you who has a difficult time trusting and growing with new people . add your own intj ... the short answer on that last question is simple : you won't . i dated an isfj last year for about 6 months , so i have some perspective for you . apart from our personalities , we were a exactly what ... this is a bizarre thread . oy ! my esfj mom v . a family of intjs . life in my household followed this pattern often : 1 ) intj off in space while in presence of others ; 2 ) esfj mother pokes , prods , or interferes with said intj ... velocirational i don't get offended , so don't worry about that . to the extent you make the suggestion and advocate for it , then you are , really asking for it , even if only in response to others . ... '