' + 1 for the quiet area of a library . not pretty . at all . for me , i identify the emotion . for example , if i'm feeling angry , i label it : anger . i find that it helps to lessen the intensity of the emotion . intellectual . yes ! one of us had to ! ( he was too intimidated by my beauty i'm sure . ) : tongue : what is the best way of gently letting you know something that you ’ re not going to be too pleased to hear about ? ( assume that there are conflicting views . ) when i'm sad , i don't brush my hair . i pray to the chess god that my opponent doesn't see through the stupid move i've made . i like cheese . that is all . the only real valuable thing is intuition . - albert einstein he was a smart man . listen to him . i buy make up . lots and lots of make up . outwardly : aww shucks . inwardly : hehehe . 1 . when what i'm thinking makes sense in my head , but then my ni overwhelms me and i just can't seem to get the words out right . arrgh . i want to be eloquent ... ! 2 . when i get too emotionally ... to me , creating the perfect love is not about settling for less than you deserve nor is it a projection of your ideals onto someone else . to me , it is about being the best you two can be , together ... yup . i got estp ! mum : istj dad : esfj i'll be your friend ! * offers hand for you to kiss * ' scuse me , stop sending me mixed signals . this ! : laughing : a 60 + year marriage : blushed : hello lover heelllooo lover , i think we should be together ! i really really like you , even though you are so poo . do you even like me ? we shall soon see . stop being so damn great , youx 92re ... as you do . : laughing : 59050 sophia , i hate to break it to you , but i think we both like the same guy ! hahahaha ! : laughing : but seriously , believe me when i tell you i can relate ... i still have no idea ! : confused : this still needs to be resolved haha ! eh i'm only 18 but i need to stop being single now if i am going to be married for 60 + years ... * shrugs * but who needs that anyway ? ... what do you mean i'm an nf ? ! ( hahaha : laughing :) oh me me ! infj here with istj mum too ! idealism vs practicality is a major pitfall for us . also , she doesn't provide me with the emotional support and affirmation that i need . however , we're both ... i love intjs ! witty , subtly funny and smart . they're underrated ! : blushed : these silly enfps ! : laughing : i ( sort of ) gave up on this enfp a little while ago because he became so awkward , shy and reserved around me that i thought he didn't even like me as a person ! ditto ... istj , anyone ? me too ! i feel giddy when i buy makeup ! hmm maybe this isn't entirely ' un-infj ' after all ! also , i can't ' read ' people to save my life . oh , and sometimes i argue for the hell of it . i didn't mean it like that ! : s i was simply recalling all the times i was caught without an umbrella after school and got soaked as a result . xd my best friend is an isfj . she puts much more effort into things like preparing meals , buying presents and celebrations like birthday parties , for example , than i do . this is all from personal ... fair enough ! :p roud : adelaide does spoil us with nice , predictable weather ! ps . agreed . anything is better than humidity ! are we even living in the same city ? ! it certainly rains more than hardly ever haha ! : laughing : thank you ! i'm already settling down ! :D i get squirmy if i look into someone's eyes for too long haha ! : laughing : humilis curator i saw this song and thought , this is totally an infj song , and sure enough , you're an infj haha ! we infjs are hopeless . * sigh * i agree with what has already been said . from an infj perspective , a lot of the time i rant because i just need to let it all out . i feel a lot better after i do that . the best thing someone can do ... catharsis note to self : buy the fish food flakes . isn't it always ? * sigh * best of luck though . this might be your year ! don't make concrete plans because they will change , but only to make way for the pleasant surprises i would never have expected . yes ! but i love the idea of snail mail more though . to me , it's more exciting receiving an envelope with a cool stamp on it haha ! xd regardless , i'm in ! so feel free to contact me . :) my istj mother gets motion sickness too , as a passenger in a car . she gets these terrible headaches . not sure if this is related , but in crowded places where there are lots of people , or if she's ... daisychain thank you for your reply ! wow ! 1 ) it is nice sometimes to have her push me to think things in a more realistic way , such as a thing called compromise in a relationship haha ! ... okay so i'm not the only person who believes in the one ! thank god i'm not insane haha ! ! * phew * ( this is why i'm so glad i found other infjs ! ) - see another cirque du soleil show - dye my hair red - get into medicine - have a summer romance - obtain a bonsai tree - find a pen-pal ! ( anybody ... ? haha ! : wink :) that is all . hi istjs ! i'm an infj and my mum is a textbook istj . i love my mum and the only thing i want is for our relationship to improve . we can reach a compromise when it comes to little things like ... the ability to scare people with the infamous infj death-glare haha ! '