a lot of this is assuming that we're talking about infjs here .. which make up 1.5 percent of the population .. which means 1.5 out of 100 people you meet are infjs .. it's a rare type . i've also found ... it's not too hard for me to read others and figure out if they have hidden motives , to be honest , for example , if they're trying to deal with their own issues through me . i'd seriously consider what ... you may be being a little myopic about this . this doesn't have to do with infjs , - most people - want to be listened to , and all could either be right or wrong . listening to them is based on an ... looking at his lore , ect . his vocal lines could indicate an introvert . too much of his lore is about him crying and doing things out of honor and to clear his name . doesn't sound very intp . someone help me out here , i need fresh eyes . yasuo , type ? based on my info ? don't take it personally .. also , he has strong si , not se . i'd say isfj / infp ? ( only reason i say infp is because he uses a lot of analogies . ) so , yeah , i don't see a scrap of se in there . is it ... lol , they have an interesting sort of depth . yes . i'm not familiar , is it credible ? me , for example , i do not try to guess others iq's because i feel it would lead me to treat them wrongly . so , as i have not practiced and cannot judge because i do ... i was joking anyways , because you were calling me stupid . lol kill him , kill thebrilliantdumbass . i main diana , vlad , viktor , rumble , and soraka . so no , i do not play any of my personality types . but , similarly .. i probably associate them with people i know .. intp-intj seems most logical . jinx is an enfp for sure . so many references to fulfill inferior si . also , she's very n . ): oh no :) hah , easy , just kill the incompetent police force . problem solved , once and for all . that doesn't make any sense ... none of us are puppets .. wait .. at least ... i'm not a puppet .. are you a puppet that gets on the computer ? that sounds terrifying , and inefficient on the part of the ... could you be more plain in your language ? i want to enjoy what you mean . interesting . ok , i think we're on the same page now . my apologies if i'm slow . my friend who is an istp is excellent with cars , they can take one apart and put it back together .. as the expression goes , blindfolded .. i have intelligence , and they have intelligence . but it would ... they don't need quantum physics , they're essentially able to survive parasitically off of us .. which one of us is smarter ? the one who gets totally taken care of for being cute ? x3 or the quantum ... how do we know that though ? the beginning part ? that intelligence is fixed ? and knowledge is a variable ? this reminds me of the prose edda , where the fates in norse mythos would weave threads of ... i think it's possible we're all saying intelligence is fixed because we want to claim the land that we're in . it's scary to think that maybe it takes effort to become the most intelligent .. that we ... makes more sense holistically as an esfp . his intuition is very lacking . his te is tertiary . that's my opinion on it . man , i totally can follow all this .. but geez . it's not always the right way to interrogate , you could just ask the person if they meant it this way .. instead of constantly pushing drastically ... the funny thing about writing a character is that they can change personality types between episodes , literally . but if we view them holistically , we can get a general answer . haha , i grew up around an intp an istj and an entp , i'm definitely not sensitive in the least . maybe only to myself . x3 i honestly believe , since i cannot quantify others intelligence or advantage in general , how can i honestly make the assumption that i am smarter .. ? i'm very intelligent , i think , and i'm not willing ... it's so strange to hear women think that women aren't as intelligent as men as a stereotype . this sort of thing has never crossed my mind seriously or often ( by often i mean never , i never ever think ... ah , yes , for example , what if incredibly dull people have secret super powers . ( just kidding ) ;P to explain where i'm coming from .. i think moment to moment , you can become more intelligent and then ... i want to know more about the person who hasn't bothered interacting with his specimen . <--- trying not to interrupt his experiment . are you curious because you're worried that you may be capable ... also , i realize i put possible theory , yes i understand the irony . x3 it was a moment where i needed to get it out of my head as quickly as possible . i sometimes have the memory of a goldfish . so .. i've been , and i'll be honest , completely obsessed with myers briggs and psychology in general for about a year now . i think about it every day .. i have a ( maybe new ) theory that ... i agree lol , wtf ? i could even see her as a dominant se type . not a chance she's an entp . i've heard it theorized that children before they develop only use their main function . to type your friends , you need to look at their functional stacks . behavior dictates the reality of something , but make sure you continue to stay open minded when typing someone . there's a saying , if ... hmm , welcome ! i'm an enfp and i like cleaning and organization , i don't think it's that uncommon . ( what is common , however , is enfps being scared of being pinned down to a type . ) x3 lol , i want to get to know enfjs too , but our stacks are so different , it makes me nervous . i badly want to learn about fe so i can understand it's need and merit . i'm absolutely oblivious of fe , i ... welcome ! the way i like to put it is : intp <--- your preference for decision making . introverted , intuitive , thinking , perceiving . you probably already understand what each letter means , so i'll ... honestly , if she's an enfp , and you respect her sexually , let her come to you on that stuff , you may get a lot of respect back . i read the whole thing . be careful of stepping on her toes ! enfps have ... my best friends are intps and entps . functionally yes . - touches your face - :) we're friends now . i just decided . well , i went to the doctor for sleeping only 3 hours a week , and he told me i could get diabetes , or other illnesses from my body being so weak . also , if he's the intellectual type tell him that you ... whoops , double post . lol , i try not to devalue a person down to the worth of an egg , or an experience such as breakfast . ;) but i guess so . good point , i just didn't want to cause any more harm . lol , sorry , but if you knew me , i wasn't meaning to bother you . i'm really nice . x3 are you having a bad day or something ? i didn't mean it that way at all . irregular in contrast to me . which means : ...