' sex . haha , just kidding . kind of but i do want love & passion no matter how much we achieve ... true fulfillment only comes from the emotional quality of our relationships . it can work to flex your muscle if you're an a-type personality , but i have something for those who are not naturals . i've always looked at it as ... if i'm nervous , i'm worrying about me . forget ... thanks , that's interesting . enfj's are funny in the way that they are supposed to be the least extroverted of extroverts . i think this is because if we feel whet we want to say won't be ... my mom is an enfp and my dad is an esfp that has t and j tendencies quite often because he's under stress . i'm an enfj and i think i have a lot of p tendencies that i sort of abandoned to adapt to ... yes that's generally true . and girls are allowed to throw a fit when someone criticizes them . we've all heard , the woman is alway right . when someone challenges that it has a way of backfiring on ... i definitely have been slammed with the emotional basket case thing ... and i think they probably don't confront us as much because it wouldn't be wise haha . i have known nf guys in my life to show ... i met one ex about 15 minutes away . the nearby county is more urban than mine . then the one after that was 30 minutes away and i had to cross the mississippi river ( i'm very close to the ... i can relate . my area is very xsxp . is it weird if i've dated several people i've met online ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk there are more of me . we are usually just so wrapped up in our attempts to save the world and get better at things that we have a mask on as to not expose our true identities ... we tend to expose ... i just mean women expect guys to be inconsiderate and they put up with it not knowing what they could have ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk i was totally in love with an infp i dated last year ... we love you guys . you just are so hard for us to get to . enfj's like what you have to offer they just get caught up in the expectations society ... don't give up infp guys ... for each of you there's a sweet enfj girl that's waiting to meet a guy like you . trust me , i would know ... hahaha :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk the funny thing is , none of what you said was harsh , haha i appreciate you taking measures to be tactful (: i feel like enfj's and infp's could do a perfect good cop / bad cop act . as an enfj , i really ... i think i understand that if wouldn't be a loving suggestion if it was unethical ... i feel as if infp's i know try to come from a place of love when it's dealing with another person's weaknesses or ... maybe you're so happy go lucky because you drink regularly hahaha it's possible this sounds highly accurate about him . even for myself ... i transformed into an unhealthy istp sometimes in my past . woah . don't worry at all i appreciate your feedback and am not attacking infp's at all ... they're probably my favorite type to talk to (: my ex is a similar case ... doesn't want to be told that his ... yeah , you're never critical . i'm waiting for the day you crack ... hahaha (: i think that the infp i was in a relationship with might've had a one fix , but i do not know because i can't talk to him right now . it sort of gets complex and personal when it comes to the issues we ... brilliant ! i am glad you see that in yourself . i think the satire thing is endearing . i do find it annoying when , for example , something i'm working on gets criticized . like myself ... most of ... yes ! i did think maybe health had something to do with it ... i suppose the only way to stop the excessiveness would be to confront them , but they also hate criticism and may not understand . hmm ... hello ! enfj here (: i know that infp's are considered to be a type that , sees the good in others . a couple infp's i know seem to fit this bill , and only criticize if it seems absolutely ... loss . loss , loss , loss , loss , loss ! i fear losing things that are important to me . that last one's a couple months old ! (: sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free before a dance ... http://img.tapatalk.com/d/13/10/03/ajamegeg.jpg hiking ... http://img.tapatalk.com/d/13/10/03/azebazyv.jpg thank you rune ! sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free i've always wanted to have a love that lasted even when the odds were stacked against us (: i do , but i am not one-sided (: i am 32 flavors and then some , and yes , everything you're saying is true (: ... awh , that is so cute ! i hope you're happy together (: i try to make others happy ... i'm not necessarily always nice , though . haha and i'm glad you have a good heart , the world needs plenty of ... awh shucks , you came out of retirement for little old me ? haha (: thank you , i am on the fast track to a new life , so i feel pretty good about that . i don't tell my story to make people feel sorry ... don't be silly , i'm not a genius . : tongue : but , i do have a message to share with teens and their mentors . i'm using my past experiences as a catalyst for change . :p roud : thank you ; i have been so far ! nice to meet everyone (: sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free my ex back wow , i could really learn for that . i start listening less and rambling more ... sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free i also do this thing where if someone wants to talk to me ... i drop everything and talk to them (: sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free thanks ! what about us do you like ? (: sent from my ipad using tapatalk - now free if you're looking for fun attractions , you're in the wrong place ... our rodeo was a couple weeks ago :D you wanna know what i do on the weekends ? same things everyone else does , i take some time ... thank you (: i found that picture randomly , but it is a reference to my speaking . when i was four years old my mom was diagnosed with schizo-affective disorder . she would talk to me about the ... cow tipping (; haha ! honestly , i usually go to the nearest city for weekend adventures . (: thanks ! you seem like you have a good sense of humor (: haha i used to read horoscopes and find all kinds of things that weirded me out ... also i've been one that doesn't believe in coincidence . i don't see myself as particularly superstitious - - just very ... for me the depression i went through caused me to shun those that i didn't want help from and seek someone who would really understand me . i stopped trying to succeed and be a positive force in the ... you know you're an enfj when ... you're hungry and you get your friend something to eat first . hi everyone ! i've been on personality cafe for about a week now and i wanted to formally introduce myself .. i know it's a little late (: i love people ! that's why i'm here . i love giving advice ... oh this is such a great question ! there are so many people that are inspirational to me , but there are a few that really left their mark ! josh shipp ( youth motivational speaker ) zach and his mom ... i fear loss , i fear my emotions getting the best of me , the unknown , falling from high places ... i fear the look in people's eyes when i hurt them ... at the end of the day i don't think these fears ... '