' i love a lot of different music , including instrumental . i gravitate mostly towards progressive rock . yes is my favorite band . a lot of prog songs are very long , and have different sections , so ... worms . when i fish , someone else has to hook the worm . otherwise i'll use other bait like minnows , or rubber worms and lures . i also hate when after it rains ... because they're all over the ground ... i'm not picky with pizza ... i'm good with most toppings . i do like onions , peppers , mushrooms , hamburger , sausage , and pepperoni . i also like barbeque chicken pizza . and mashed potato pizza is rad . it can feel job-like sometimes . i'm usually ok drinking in a bar with close friends and can be quite talkative and energetic in those situations ... but i can only do so much before i wanna go home and ... no istp yet ? istp : i usually try to bait the person i like into liking me , so i don't have to do the asking ... i'm pretty reserved and don't like to admit my feelings . i do have feelings , strong ... not 100 % sure on them because i'm awful at typing others . but i think my dad is also istp , and my mom istj . my younger sister seems very esfp . at least on internet forums , estps have a bad rep . i love estps though . not going to include the animals i grew up with when i lived with my parents . i currently have a tuxedo cat i got from a shelter and she's the sweetest cat i've ever met , but likes to annoy me when ... i had a couple cool ones when i used to smoke ... but have no idea where they are now . i was a loner art kid . kinda sat at a lunch table by myself and drew ( if none of my friends shared the same lunch period . ) even amongst friends i was pretty quiet . i opened up more during college ... 1 ) you are no longer attracted and wish to break up . it was all pretty easy . i was a closeted lesbian and dating men , so i was never attracted to them . i really wanted out of those relationships ... fist of fire by anderson , bruford , wakeman , howe ... basically former yes members who didn't like the direction the band was heading and formed their own short lived band . it's still very 80 ' s sounding ... i've always been the dominant one . when i worked at a mcd's , they wanted to make me a shift manager but at the time i was only coming back for a few summers between college . before i had worked a full year , i took a year off after ... every character in this show is gold , but yeah april is rad . more the chemistry between her and andy . istp , and i'd hate working in retail and with children . in the past i have done both . camp counselor sounds fun but it really isn't , unless you adore kids . i don't . and trying to control a bunch of ... istp and i'm an animator . i feel like country music today is mockery of what it used to be . it became a thing for redneck culture . tammy wynette , patsy cline , tanya tucker ... i think they sing beautifully . though totally ... not many people know about katzenjammer . i wouldn't have known about them if it weren't for a college prof . they seem to be mostly known in europe . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kbdCDeKSoI ... most mainstream stuff , rap , dubstep , country . i can tolerate older country but i feel like all the newer country artists all sound the same , and i lost count of how many songs have the word truck ... houndoom or weavile . or maybe hydreigon . i'm istp , and white , and i'm attracted to all ethnicities . most of my relationships have been interracial , only one was the same race as me . one was korean , one was mixed hispanic , current is ... what counts as long-term ? never had one last more than 11 months . my current one i don't even know , i forget when we started dating haha ... it was sometime last fall . september ? october ? current one ... i'm pretty brave , but also very forgiving when it comes to little things . i'm pretty chill . it depends on the situation . i am protective of myself and people close to me , but the situation sometimes ... personally , i think half of it is somewhat valid , half is bullshit . it's definitely more valid than astrology horoscopes , haha ( though ironic or funny horoscopes are fun to read ) i think the istp ... naw , despite some shortcomings of being female ... i like being a girl . 1 ) istp 2 ) atheist 3 ) raised catholic harmonica and melodica , and dabbling in trumpet and irish tin whistle . more of a side hobby for fun and jamming with friends . no , i went to a tech college and they didn't have them ... not like i would join one anyways . not my thing . i keep thinking of ... i don't eat innocent animals ... just the guilty ones . don't act like those animals don't know what they did ! http://7770647a14b0867efc75-b939f832d8cd9c860ce8909163419528.r92.cf2.rackcdn.com/23411.jpg what exactly qualifies as an intellectual conversation ? i mean , i can talk for a while about realistic things and topics that interest me ... but by intellectual you mean deep than ... istp haven't touched my pottermore account in years , but i was slytherin . every test i've taken harry potter related i've gotten slytherin . i relate most to it , though i also relate to gryffindor ... istp , do have my desired job as an animator . but i suppose if i were to be anything else : - race car driver ( though more of the street racing type , or muscle cars and rat rods . not nascar . ) ... yeah , also into elo , elp , vdgg , jethro tull , kansas , gentle giant , king crimson , styx , rush , moody blues , camel , genesis ( peter gabriel years though ) , supertramp , the nice , curved air ... and also like ... what kind of jobs are you applying for ? it depends really . sometimes the experience thing is put there to weed out or discourage under qualified people from even applying in the first place , but i ... the most evil person i ever met was a former roommate in my 3rd year at college . - my other roommate / best friend were washing dishes and cleaning the kitchen when she came home one night . she ... most exotic i'll go is certain reptiles . i plan on owning a ball python and sumatran short tail python someday , and possibly a crested gecko and bearded dragon . but going to need a house to have room ... pacific rim . love that movie , don't even care . love prog rock , it's my favorite genre , and yes is pretty much my favorite band . have their band logo as a bumper sticker too . and you and i is my all-time favorite song . pugs are not cute , and breeding them to have those squished faces is abusive . istp here , i went to catholic school up until the 5th grade because the public schools in my town then were bad . i never liked church or religion class and don't think i ever really believed it , only ... istp atheist why : no evidence , any evidence that gets out in front of me is confirmation bias and not anything that is scientifically testable . to me , it's not logical or rational . science ... i would plagiarize and just change some wording and sentences around . never got caught . but obviously don't listen to me though : laughing : but yeah , look at other's research papers or articles ... exactly . i really enjoy being out with my friends , and thus making me seem more extroverted than a lot of introverts , but after a while it exhausts me and i want some time to keep to myself and ... 1970 dodge challenger r / t with a 426 hemi . wouldn't mind a plymouth duster / dodge demon , cuda or a roadrunner either . the car in my av is a duster , it was my dad's . i'd also like to have a ... boston is my first choice . will always be a new englander at heart . want to go back . vancouver seems cool too . almost went out there , got a job offer , but it's waaay too expensive . san fran ... oh haha , i meant ' afterwards . ' woops . as for mistypes , pretty confident i'm a 7w8 ( i don't think i'm 8 dominant , i'm not as aggressive as a full 8) ... but maybe i could be a 6 or 5 depending on my ... istp - the walking dead isfp - parks and recreation estp - top gear esfp - glee intp - doctor who infp - once upon a time entp - the office enfp - pretty little liars '