a list . 1 . i like to make people smile , because it makes me happy . 2 . i love animals , and talk to mine like they're family . i don't think that's silly . 3 . i don't think it's silly to ... if you could compose a list about yourself - - a list of the ten ( or more ! ) best , or worst , things about yourself that you could tell the world , what would they be ? these are things you think ... emmaleigh - i did a thread just like this a few months ago ! i'm excited , upon peeking back into the forums , to see something like it again ! yay , synesthetes ! i've never looked at the different ... beauty and the beast wars with lion king as my all time favorites ! :D and i loved the new princess and the frog movie . ^ ^ ; i love all disney movies . :( period . i hate these ' favorite ' ... i don't go home until tomorrow , and don't go to class until tuesday , but i'll be sure to take some time on the way back to grab some pictures . :) i tried to find my camera , but no luck , so they'll ... - synaesthesia is different for everyone . i'm really enjoying reading about how it manifests for everybody , and seeing how it might tie into the personality type as well . :) hi ! welcome ! :) welcome ! :) another infj joins the ranks , it's great to have you ! i can relate to all of these statements . :) especially the last two , * especially * the color statement , about * needing * to meet that person . i know , exactly . that sounds beautiful . i wish i lived closer to something like that - - mountains , a lake or a forest again . i don't live near my pine trees and oaks anymore , and where i live currently there's ... i'm sorry that you feel that way , captain . that's why we have to make a difference in our world , though - - even small ones . to bring those little bits of peace back . :) and ultranumb , i live by ... welcome ! :) i hope you enjoy the forums ! cptkickercutleg - that's not morbid at all . you might want to try those sensory deprivation tanks ? meditating in one of those might be the ultimate peace for you . :) they'd scare the crap out ... if you guys take over the world , i demand more fried ice cream and animated disney movies . :( and an end to world hunger , and more peace , and lots more animal sanctuaries across the world - - while ... hi , and welcome ! :) welcome to you both ! lad - i kind of use my mother for that . she gives me the leveled characters she gets tired of , and pours gold onto my characters when we're on the same server . for some reason , she's better at ... i have another confession to make .   ... i got my mother addicted to world of warcraft . :( i have such * guilt * . a couple of yours match mine ! :) i'd like to own a ranch / victorian hybrid of a house in montana or wyoming or some other big , open area in the middle of no-where , with a black horse named lightning ... lad - that is absolutely beautiful , and i'm glad that you've shared it with me and the rest of us . i've never heard of this before , but i'm going to look into it with more depth now . i'm a huge ... when i was little , i lived in a huge , open neighborhood , with wide spacing between the houses and big , grassy lawns . the neighborhood was ringed by tall pine trees ( not the scary kind that loom , ... hello and welcome ! :) i escape through my characters . they are sometimes only an extension of myself - - so similar , that , to people who know me well , they're like a clone of myself hiding behind different looks . others ... mrniceftw , that made me giggle . i think i remember that episode ! i do sometimes get a lot of questions , when i choose to the people close to me , but i've grown used to answering them . when i was little it was overwhelming , but i didn't tell a lot of people - - a ... i am the infj who ...  ... sits alone in the middle of the group , seemingly not paying attention - - when asked , however , i can repeat , word for word , nearly every conversation that had gone on ... i wrote this a couple of weeks ago , my first ' poem ' in a long time . i was suffering from the tingling bite of panic during the night , when it strikes the hardest . instead of letting it overtake me , ... and not just letters and numbers , but how do people see emotions ? i'm sure that there are plenty of infj empaths . to how many do emotions come to as colors or shapes ? that's awesome ! :) my 9 is masculine and has a cruel , hard edge to him . he hangs around six and three - - three is closest to him ; three wears chains , and is a brighter , more feminine , pink-toned ... it really depends on what i'm doing at the time - - i am a research fiend also , haha . i research something to * death * if i don't know everything about it , and sponge up new information about other ... hello ! welcome to the forums , i hope you have an awesome time here . :) and i know exactly how you feel ! i put on my own ' persona / facade ' , my mask as i call it , when i slip into work at the game ... that's how i am , as well . my memories come in images , and sounds , but most of all , they are painted and splashed with the emotion - - the emotion carries the entire thing , keeping it together like ... cptkickercutleg , that's really neat ! i cannot smell colors , but i do get the same sense when ' feeling ' sounds as when i see them . i also feel the pressure of a person when they're in the same room ... thank you both very much . and red is actually the unnatural shade ; i went back to being a brunette ( natural ) and only added the purple hi-lights recently , and i have to say that i love them . ^ ^ ; ... i've never been much good at having pictures taken of me , but i take pictures of myself when i get new hairstyles ( and admit to having fun doing it * then * ) and when i'm pestered enough to have the ... even if i don't know something for a fact , and am going off of one of my ' hunches ' , i will then go into my ' research ' mode ( if it's something that i can research ; if not , i wait it out ) , and learn ... that , exactly . i do that too . i replay memories in my head , i over-analyze things that might have gone better , even if nothing went wrong . i also ask myself questions , give myself the answer , ... i confess that i still need a lot of ' security blankets ' - - things that make me feel safe in this world . like my dog and cats , when i sleep . my mother's voice on the phone , when i have a panic ... my style varies . i've loved looking at this thread to see the different ' quirky ' styles , as well as the casual ones , the ones for comfort . i'm kind of a mix ; on the days that i feel like i want to ... hee . i've never met anyone that's made me think of lime green circles up high , but i can imagine it . i know cello music looks like dark blue swirls thrumming at my feet . and piano music looks like ... poof ! you are now a jinn , the all-powerful wish granter , but you can grant no wishes for yourself and you're trapped in a tiny little bottle with cramped living space and no leg room , and you may or ... 15.00027 - 7.00027 = 8 . that's also the infinity symbol upside down . or . sideways . something ! and it's a pretty number with no ... i personally am a synaesthete . i was just curious if there were any others out there who were also one ? i was curious if it might be connected to personality type ? all types are encouraged to ... i hate this question . well , not hate , but generally dislike . i catch myself going into in-depth answers like , ' oh , i'm fine , have a migraine / had a test today / doing great ! / loving ( or hating ) this ... i'm new , obviously . :) just wanted to say hello . a friend recommended this website , and being that i've been so interested in the jungian personality types of late , i thought i'd give it a peek . ... you know you're an infj when the you apologize to doors for slamming them too hard , and ponder what the trees might be saying to one another at your dreamiest moments . you know you're an infj ...