' i don't think intps are that serious . maybe in person , but reading some of the posts people make on here , there's no way you can't tell me they haven't got a f function developed . it's worth asking ... i'd rather be the opposite . i fucking hate feelings ; they induce add . isn't it ironic that the intp , with their independence of mind , needs to reaffirm his or herself constantly ? mm , typology's been a good one to get into ; more through the explanation rather than going around trying to type people up . that involves too much interest in other people . most definitely ! when i lock into something , i lock in hard . my downfall is , however , that i end up opening the flood gates of my mind and capacity for loving it , and completely drowning friends and ... that's what i do , but i get the rush . i actually get the sensation of this shit , like oncoming , and have i get shit scared and supress it . or , stop it . what the fuck is wrong with me . i've been using fe for ages now , and where-in feeling is cool by me , really , it's intense . - it's an reaction to otherwise abject feelings , so rather than sidle with them , i can only assume that ... no , i got bored about reading about governments . the scale's too big , and it takes too much effort to explain to people ; i say that as if my reading endeavours are going to become some turning point , ... i love it . here's a video of from mcdonalds cctv . after spending the afternoon in the pub , and having a few spliffs outside , i was in mcdonalds with friends and we were fucking about big time . a police officer ... i've heard infp ... intp can be shi-diculous when you're wanting to get things done . sometimes it feels like there's too many potential avenues to walk down . he's obviously very type proud , defensive , or insecure . i'd spend more time with him ; don't be so forthcoming . at the minute , it sounds like you're pining a little , and that's fair enough : feelings are feelings . what's good is you understand to him to ... whenever i see that a girl is going out of her way to get my attention , i completely disregard it . it sounds insensitive but i find it quite sad . who knows . of the three relationships i've been in , each one has been as tragic as the last . my thing is i've always been led , bar the last , where we really just got on a ridiculously playful , ... a bitch has gotta be pretty special before she starts fucking with my energy . dark humour , dead baby jokes , rape / murder jokes , anything goes . how does every black joke start ? by looking over your shoulder . what's the difference between a bin full of dead babies and a ... compulsive drinking of tea and smoking , music , metaphors of everyday things that can describe people in literature , the thought of writing a book , thinking about how things could be better , working ... i talked to a girl my brother's messed around quite a lot long term , and she said honestly , you're the nicest kind of person - my throat felt like eurgh ! i awkwardly made some comment about her ... i ask this , having envision the deep valley of my conscious being from the top , because i realise that more than likely , i often develop attachment to close friends - they become my confidants , ... i know it's not exclusively meant for social situations , but this reminds me of a former me - adhering to the many people you know as many different people . sort of like compartmentalized ... intfish intp . when i commit to someone emotionally , i usually do it fully ; very open . big mistake . completely cuts out any sort of thinking process , but i put it down to abandonment issues , and ... i live with two brothers and my mother ; i'm in a downstairs room on the back of the house and it joins onto the kitchen - it is horrible , let me tell you . i'm constantly distracted by the sounds of ... i only function rationally when i know i'm going to be free of any interuptions . i remember when i was about thirteen or fourteen , staying awake playing metal gear solid ' til about 2 in the morning ... i guess it sort of reminds me of having to write in a card for someone ; i didn't have a fucking clue what to write . i stood next to my bosses desk for about 5 minutes whilst he got increasingly ... you lucky sod ! what's your occupation ? if so , what do you do / where do you go to get it ? i guess the question is primarily aimed at those that don't live alone . i moved away in september and felt the great need to connect with people ; ... so many time i've wandered into thought , what seemed like a brief stroll became a marathon , and then bam ! back in the room , with a strong sense of , oh yeah , reality . oh ; well these were like strong impulses from my right brain , so i'm going to put it down to intuition . cool story bro then , how would you explain saving penalties ? there's no prenotion to be interpreted from that . that's a good one actually , history . i've never been interested in history , in what's already happened . generally though , there's not a great deal i will argue about ; if ever i do , they tend to be ... i thought about this after posting , and fair dues - you can't help the way you feel about something , unless you really ruminate on it and decide for yourself why it shouldn't bother you , but i've ... i think that's really conflicting . in any relationship , people are going to pertain to their own pleasures , do their own thing - it's part of the reason why i think so many relationships fail : ... my main comprehension of intuition came whilst playing pro evolution soccer , dribbling around players on the pitch . the way the movement of the players works is on an axis of eight directions . when ... oh , man ... really ! ? i see myself as having a great gift that i don't know what to implement to the best - i don't know how to make the most of it . i want it to manifest something amazing , that i can ... infpish intp . i can be very forthcoming with people , enduring , though recently i can't really stand the bullshit of others . that gui / vb is amazing ! kudos . i just had a fleeting memory come back to me from years ago . you know you're an intp when the toughest lad at school tells you you can become anything you want ... ? you've got the whole of the internet to explore ; extensive avenues of videos to watch on youtube , networked together associatively like the complex network of neurons that you've disregarded , neurons ... depends ; do you want to look at the prevalence of the virus or its physiology ? most of mine seem to be ideas for books and film combined with imagery . if i'm listening to a piece of music , i'll get a scenario for some film it may set , and then it'll stick in my brain . though ... anyone who can do this shit well ; i mean , interact with people on a one stop social demeanor , i reckon is well in touch with their feelings . in fact , i reckon intps are really reclusive fps . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5U8bqFkpzc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDLXRtbeLg0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0rjIo4awu0 top thread . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drC-0u4ESsk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNybZbghUgo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_wBDYOa_Ew oh , yeah , and i told my friend i didn't like his girlfriend so i'm kind of hoping that doesn't come back and kick me in the arse . growing weed , and selling for mass profit . i've got it all planned out ; i'll grow them in tree tops ( though i haven't accounted for air pressure , stem flex for root development ) , or in a shed ( where ... that is just an example , right ? you don't actually spend that much time thinking about which ice-cream you want ? '