' i'm , usually , awkwardly flirty . for me it's all about ( extremely subtle ) word play in conjunction with incorporating the little details many don't pick up on or the other telling me about and me ... i usually don't consciously flirt . for me it's more of a , in hindsight , oh , what i did , then and there , actually was my way of flirting , albeit , extremely stubtly . on the one hand , i hope she picked ... definitely music . however , while i generally listen to music without lyrics , i do appreciate the lyrics if and when they resonate with me ( which is , as far as the songs with lyrics is concerned , ... generally speaking anything good in the sci-fi genre pretty much anything with a mixture of suspense & psychology ( mindhunters , identity , etc . ) the rule for me definitely is distant and cold with strangers or in a group but quite warm and fuzzy when with a small group of friends or one-on-one time with my friends . don't worry . studies have shown that the average length of a friendship is about 3 years . for me , that's even less ( but then again , i'm very particular who i even call my friend , so there isn't ... didn't even have to take a test to know that my primary love language is physical touch . and i wasn't surprised that my secondary love language is quality time . i love hugs , on both ends , however , only those whom i'm close with . i definitely won't hug strangers , and i'm uncomfortable with receiving hugs from strangers ( i won't say anything to that extent ... asked a friend how she's doing after a pause in communication ( couple of weeks ) . turns out she's not doing so well . her dad's in hospital , in a life-or-death situation . knowing her and her ... in my case , it took alot of failures to come to the realization , that despite how irrational ( without concrete evidence ) my instict / intuition is about other people , it actually serves me very well ... generally yes , i do , however , i'm cautiously optimistic , meaning that i give someone enough space for them to move around freely ( that is , for them to be themselves ) and let them decide if they want ... dear friend , it was great seeing and talking to you again after almost three months . nothing recharges me in such an intensity and in such a short time , like the one-on-one time i spend with you ... never have ( despite having been offered ) and never will . not my cup of tea ( the thought of hooking up alone disgusts me ); i need some sort of emotional connection . i am definitely in the premarital sex category , at least if it's as an expression of love , intimacy and trust in the context of a committed relationship . in the context of taking a committed ... i recognize myself in alot of what you wrote , especially the social aspects ( being with people there's a connection with , etc ) . i say read up on the cognitive functions to get a better idea of what ... i've tried being myself around my family ; it didn't , and still doesn't , work very well . the sad truth is , that i now only show a small part of my true self in their presence ( just so i don't ... only had two exceptions ; once i tested as an intj and once as an infp . i can't really explain those two anomalies , but i never truly saw myself as those given my unterstanding of cognitive functions . my music taste varies given the current emotions and overall situation . generally speaking i prefer calm , soothing melodies & no lyrics , usually found in soundtracks ( can't get enough of the calmer ... how i do so very much hate myself right now . while looking for a new place to live , i come across an appartement that completely resonates with me . i mean , while walking around and viewing the app , ... i've been lucid dreaming pretty much every night for the past 20 years ( falling asleep with the intention of entering a lucid dream ; even having a method for entering a lucid dream with a high ... listen , not only to what we say , but also to that which we do not ( there is a wealth of information in our silence ) dear self , congratulations ! goal reached : 10kg in 6 months . i told you persistence ( and a change in lifestyle ) pays off . new goal : 5kg in 6 months . keep at it . sincerely , me i now have that internal rambling only to a degree . i came to the realization that those ramblings aren't good for my health , be it emotional or psychological . the solution for me was simple yet ... at first i wanted to agree with this statement , but then , i figured , that it probably is the most basic form of weighing options and decision-making ( and thereby , in my book , making it logical ) . it ... as far as friends and romantic interests are concerned , i can't get touched enough . however , i'm uneasy about acquaintances touching me ; this uneasyness lessens depending on how long i know them , but ... sadly , i view a military as a necessary evil , if the military is set up solely as a defensive force , as it would be naive to believe that , in the world we live in , one country would not take ... i currently only have 3 people to whom i'd , once again , say i thank you for your friendship . it's not that i don't like the company of a very good acquaintance , but , well , i'm very picky about ... qft ! : happy : dear best ( ? ) friend , i'd love to spend some time with you , just talking , drinking coffee & tea . you have to realize that , as an infj and as the kind of person i am , it's one hell of feat for you ... my apologies for not only not answering your question , but even asking a new one : are you compatible as people ( interests , type of humor , hobbies / activities , etc . ) ? sure , there may be a time ... luckily , i switched to ebooks ( yes , sometimes i do miss the feeling of turning pages by hand ) . however , if i had to store the currently ( and still increasing ) 250 + books on bookshelves , i'd have a ... just because i'm quiet while you are talking ( or even shortly afterwards ) , doesn't mean i'm not listening . i'll talk , not because i have to say something , but because i have something to say ... i am my true self only with two friends . sadly both my parents have betrayed my trust once too often ( it's not that i don't love them with all my heart ; just trusting them ... is not something i'm ... i can manipulate others well , if i wanted to , but tend not to , simply because afterwards i feel worse for doing it than the reason for doing so was actually worth . it doesn't mean that i don't ... short version : the soul & heart ; long version : sadly , i don't have the time to write down the words , for they could probably fill an entire book : wink : generally i write my feelings down in , what i can only describe as , a diary ( of sorts ) . but i don't just write down the negative emotions but also the positive ones , simply because i find it easier ... dear girl friend , thank you for being there for me when i simply need someone to vent my feelings and you quietly take it without thinking anymore of it . thank you for being open for a deeper ... '