' what do you all think of lily potter ? i like to think of her as an enfp but i'm guessing i am projecting . harry potter character myers-briggs personality types | geekologie have any of you seen this floating around facebook ? i have and i really don't agree with most of the typings and it bothers me . i just changed my major for like the fifth time and now i finally decided on communcative disorders ( i will get a master's degree in speech language pathology ) i'm feeling pretty good about it and ... i think lizzie comes across an estp in this version ... but i'm not very good at typing haha somewhere only we know - keane i'm not sure about te , but as ne is my primary fucntion , i think i know a little bit about it . ne is looking into the future , seeing possibilities . for me sometimes this can be a fun thing , as ... i'm a mormon , and my religion is a huge part of my life . i think my fi has something to do with that . i have always questioned my beliefs and researched and pondered and learned for myself what i ... quality time , definitely . i am usually not very good with lovey dovey words and physical affirmation . i appreciate acts of service , but i'm not good at giving them . same with gifts . but i will ... one of my best friends is esfp . we are very different and but i think we complimented each other well . she loved to talk about things that she observed around school and in the news , and while i ... looking back on my adolescent life , i can definitely tell how i started to develop my fi in my preteen years . i became a lot closer to people , and i put a lot more into the friendships i had rather ... i feel like sometimes n's have a reputation for being the most creative , the think outside the box kind of people , but i think that a lot of the most creative people i have met are s's . the ones ... haha i can definitely relate to the water subtype ! your thoughts are a lot like mine when i was deciding on a career :) i ended up choosing elementary education because i think it will be a good job , never the same every day , and being with people ... i prefer the term spontaneous . :) if i have nothing to do i will often just drive around or surprise someone or go to a movie by myself , etc . there are some things i spend a great deal of time ... my best friend is an enfj . ( i really did think that she might be enfp like me but recent events have convinced me of her strong judging preference ) she's a much better student than i am , being ... i dislike that nothing i'm good at looks remotely positive on a resume . 1 . childhood career dreams : teaching . ( i mean i had a lot of dreams , but not about careers . mostly about being a princess and singing all day long ) 2 . teenage aspirations : writing , book editing , ... i've been doing pretty well at going to sleep early enough that i wake up before my alarm ( also my mornings aren't rushed ) so i feel pretty good . it definitely depends though benevolent experiencer :) hahahaha my top twenty five are all songs from my disney playlist which i listen to when i'm working around the house and such . =P i don't know why , but i find disney songs super motivating :) i ... if someone cared that much about me , i would definitely want them to tell me upright . the not knowing would probably literally drive me crazy . not revealing themselves would hurt me much more than ... my dad is like this as well ! he shows basically no preference in any of the categories . my mom says this is why he gets along with people so well ... he can understand everyone because he's just well ... enfp , and a hatstall between ravenclaw and hufflepuff . i chose ravenclaw because i have a scarf for ravenclaw =P i'm a mormon enfp . :) i find this very interesting ! i've got a pretty high iq as well , ( i was tested when i was in kindergarten , and i skipped a grade , i think i scored a 135 ) . i attribute my early academic success to ... i can identify with a lot of what you said , its very ne . also , i definitely get very worn out by people ( i'm a very introverted extrovert these days =/ but there's a lot more to that ) but i still ... oh yes , definitely ! i feel like i'm kind of a small personality ( to the outside world , of course ;) ) but i'm almost 6 feet tall ( although i say 5 ' 11 ) which just makes me feel more awkward . ... i first hear about mbti from my intj english teacher , who was talking about the keirsey . while he loved being called a mastermind and a rational when my friends told me they thought i was an ... today my roommate and i were talking about just random things while we were procrastinating getting ready for the day , and she mentioned how my family had a lot of food allergies ( which we do ) . i ... she was my favorite too ! i thought she was an enfp as well :) i'm nearly 50/50 on the e / i and p / j ( but very strong on n and f ) so i've entertained thoughts of all nf types , but it always comes back to enfp . i'm an education major and today in one of my classes we were talking about multiple intelligences . here's the wiki article about the theory : theory of multiple intelligences - wikipedia , the free ... haha all of my friends used to get mad at me for that . my estj friend accused me of being flighty on numerous occasions . ( which hurt me a lot because she used this to mean not loyal when i really ... in high school i loved my choir teacher because she was brilliant . i would type her as istj , which is actually the opposite of me , which is strange , i know . she just loved music and she pushed us ... i've seen that sts are the hardest for me to get along with . i feel like as long as i have either n or f in common with someone we mesh really well . i can get along with anyone though , i just have ... maybe nursing ? if i had a stronger stomach for blood and such , i think i would love to be a nurse ! and you're really smart so you would do well ! i had a couple of groups of friends ( kind of the nerdy , nice , kids =P ) i wasn't popular but i did have a lot of friends , and i was happy with that . i never wanted to be more popular . i remember things said in class very well ... so i do well with auditory learning ( i never took notes in high school hahaha , and i have taken spanish and french and picked those up pretty easily :) ) ... 1 . what would be the ideal friendship be like for you ? i have a lot of great friendships , but my very best friend in the whole world i'm pretty sure is another enfp , which explains why we get along ... i suppose i probably should have posted this a while ago , but i just saw this forum and thought i should post an introduction =P my name is megan , i'm 18 years old and a college freshman studying ... same with intj and enfp girls :) i have an awesome intj friend ! ! we both learn a lot from one another :D being alone definitely causes the most anxiety for me . :( i love getting letters :) it shows that you put time into it ! but thanking in person couldn't hurt either . :) the test i took said 2w1 5w4 9w1 and that sounds pretty accurate to me when i read over it . i'm least sure of the 5w4 ... i can relate to 4 , 5 , and 6 . i could easily see 5w6 or 6w5 . i have no idea ... this definitely confirmed i am a two . haha :) i like interacting with people because i like expressing my ideas and talking about things . i like learning about people ( hence my interest in mbti ) and talking with them to gain new experiences , ... i really learned how much i disliked small talk when i first went to college and everyone was so intent on making friends and making conversations yet we never talked about anything except where we ... 1 . what's your mbti type ? enfp 2 . are you a fast or slow reader ? ( ignoring any tendency to get distracted . ) hard to say ... i read books for fun really fast but i struggle with reading for ... i actually relate a lot to disney princesses > . < ( see my avatar =P ) ariel , belle , and rapunzel mostly . i love those movies , and a big part of it is because i do see a lot of myself in these ... it depends on what people are complaining about . i used to tease a friend of mine because he used to complain about people who complain . also i dislike when the complaining is expressing ... '