' i'm crying laughing at the boat one hahahahahahaha you made my day with that one making music , traveling , sex , planning , elaborate and discuss ideas with others , training ( mma ) you got me wondering about how human meat would taste ( a little off topic ) lightwing i completely disagree with you view . morality is relative ( according to me and my logic ) , it changes with time , from creed to creed , from culture to culture . there are certains things that ... i can relate to this , why people find it so horrible when you say something like that ? most of times when i'm asked about having some food that i don't like i say things like : yuck , eww , gross , etc ... 6.0 or 183cms and 181lbs or 82kgs hmm weird that nobody has mentioned so far these two ( i love them both ) pi : ( i'm too lazy to describe them but i'll post the wikipedia link ) pi ( film ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ... * doesn't see his name in any post and runs crying to the bathroom * on a more serious note i would like to meet a couple of my fellows intj ( mostly just to know if they are as apathetic as they ... lol thank god , i thought like i was gonna go to jail or something like that :P am i going to go to prison ? : shocked : that usually does it , the problem is that i don't go out that much , and i make them go to my place to make them leave afterwards . with some exceptional friends i just can say : i'm tired of you , ... on that same line i have friends that i care about a lot and we share some thing in common but even they tire me out if i'm with them more than like 4 hours ... and it's so weird because at that point ... mindslinger , i would like to take something that you said along these lines that i think is were you are going in your head and which i agree ( if the above is truth ) . evolution and progress . i ... if you do it in miami i can go , otherwise it's a little bit hard as i live in the other corner of the world no i don't i'm very organized with times during the day but not with stuff . things are spread everywhere in my place though my folder in the computer are very well organized my gf is esfp and we have this problem aswell , everything is perfect until we clash and it's so ugly . i completely shut down my emotions and start tearing every argument apart with logic and ... very ; do not disturb my routine whatsoever , please . to the point where i'm out with my girlfriend running errands and she goes : let me go into this store to check the price of - - - and looks at me ... blocked at work :( scholar the tranquil analytic the artist around those but i don't feel comfortable with any of those descriptions :( you look so calmly happy with that fish . yeah you look tired , good-looking still . haha i get that a lot , in fact , i have a picture photoshopped with a blend of him and me . refer to my profile to get see my pic :) http://personalitycafe.com/members/luciano.html that was in dubrobnik , croatia . such a nice and calm place . i can relate to this . i'm not outgoing as i'm very introvert but i'm very flirtatious and people says that i'm charming ( others in which i have not interest at all think that i'm a hurtful jerk ) and ... like others have said , usually hurt people with truth and also a lot of times hurt myself punching or kicking walls , doors , trees , floors , etc . it's pretty idiotic but there's so much anger in those ... maybe mostly the introvert / feeler types . the whole victim thing tires me to death . i do everything right but the world is mean to me ! ! . go shoot yourself or make a change in your life . on the ... that's a good tip , thank you :) sweat is an ass . we have summer here now and i go to work walking and i just can't use a lot of clothes because of the colours and the sweat ... it sucks and it's a priority going to work , otherwise ... 15 to 10 minutes early most of the times , now i'm learning to be 10 to 5 minutes early you made me laugh out loud at work with that one i'm not going to open that facebook link , i guess i'm predetermined that way . but i'm enjoying the show so keep ' em coming :) * grabs popcorns * o . o same as first 2 posts , i don't like to be consoled i just like to be alone with some music oh how i hate that ! ! ! makes me mad to even hypothetically think about it >:( plan a trip with them and right before it starts change the plan , and then change it again , and then go back to the original , and then change it again ... i don't like being watched at all , at any time , under any circumstance :/ lol you took it to an extreme ... i have moral , but with my own standards , sometimes it fits with the world , sometimes it doesn't but i don't really care ... i'm not gonna say i'm sorry at a funeral ... nah , it's pretty cool actually , you do what you like whenever you like , the way you like it , not caring about what is right or wrong or all that other crap :) cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 20.6 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ... i surely will thanks a lot ! i have this , i don't know what it is and i'm too lazy to read all of the explanation ... ... one of the bands that makes you feel something , and this particular album brings so many memories of hard times .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA2yGLYXP6I all of them :) for me it's kind of weird . i do like to help a lot but i think it something kind of selfish , to boost my ego , to be able to say to myself i was able to do that , to prove a point , to get that ... i make music and it's like everything that i can't say or talk about openly . it's very emotional , passionate , the lyrics are usually about my own experiences in love or with depression . it's really ... i know only one and it's my gf boss , but that's it . they are original and independent , and value their uniqueness this is the only one that doesn't apply to me . as a kid i always felt just weird , different from the rest and never saw it as ... best friends are esfp , intp , infp and my gf is esfp when someone asks you : why do you think that ? or how did you do that ? and then you have to explain everything that went through your head to get to that conclussion but you know that the person it's ... i love gifs ! ! ! this thread is awesome ! ! ! '