' i've encountered a similar situation and i do the same thing - - i ignore until i'm ready . so i would back off and give him space , but still be really open and nice . if you fight back with the cold ... do you feel bad if you go off on a friend / someone if they really piss you off ? and what about strangers ? i really enjoy ambient music at certain times . depending how i'm feeling . i really enjoy shlomo , aphex twin , giraffage , and some others . i try to mediate as well so i enjoy ambient music then . i tend to just not talk to them or acknowledge their presence . if they begin to annoy me , especially after drinking , for lack of better words - - go the fuck off . i'll respect them though if i'm ... estp ennegram 8 here ... and i've definitely have dealt with this problem . i'm really competitive and absolutely hate when people challenge me on shit that i really know about or offend me . i also ... estp here ; i recently have become pretty close with an infp , we hang out frequently etc ... he calls me his best friend , but i'm reluctant to say the same . anyways , he pissed me off yesterday , and ... i have one entp friend in particular and it's always a good time when we're hanging out ... usually finding ourselves in some sort of trouble . any time i hang out with an entp it's a really awesome ... this . as well as sometimes i try to be cool and aloof around certain people , i feel like it gives me an advantage . lol when situations similar to this happen to me , i usually just don't want to plain up see the person . out of sight , out of mine really does wonders for me . it may be cause i still have feelings for the ... really interesting ! going to look into that . ah love your insight , thanks ! ! do you dedicate yourself into a certain religion ? certain faith ? do you believe in god ? do you believe in a greater evil ? etc ... curious to see if there are some similarities amongst estps . ... what has she exactly ' initiated ' ? what do you all do together ? welcome to the estp family . and yay ! another girl :D there isn't alot of posts on here or discussions , but it's probably because we are all estp's and up to something adventurous ... eh that's a lil tough . i honestly feel as if i flirt with everybody really , lol . i think some good signs that would point in the direction of me having interest in you would be physical touching , ... being an se dom , i literally notice everything . yes , i saw that little look you gave me . haha , it's funny cause i'm surrounded by quite a few n friends , and they rarely notice what i notice . hey ladies . so do you ever feel like you intimidate men ? or something along those lines ? maybe it's because i'm in the south , but as an estp woman , and i'm sure you can all relate , i really don't ... just curious if we find any similarities . what are some jobs you've had in the past or currently hold ? which ones have you really enjoyed ? which jobs have you despised ? - how do you express your feelings and deal with your emotions ? i rarely do , most of the time i find myself very content . if i express emotions i kind of just explode and it's usually either anger ... i really think it'd be tough to pull a prank on an estp , especially with se being their main cognitive function along side with ti ... but that's a really tough question lol no one really is able to ... this right here . so accurate . i agree . though i have gotten along with quite a few nt's ... ( almost always have a blast with entps ) i noticed when i've hung out with intp's and entj's it's just really frustrating . i've noticed ... to honestly experience as much of life as i can , be happy . love life . ooo that's a tough one . i'm going to go ahead and say no for now . if i'm really interested in someone i'll be around them alot in nonchalant ways - - i'm just always around but the answer for that ... estp female here . if i wasn't that close to the person initially i have found that once they do something really hurtful that's aimed towards me i ignore them completely and cut them off in my life ... i dunno . i'm honestly on the fence , leaning more towards not having children . 1 . i hear alot of parents saying that you really never expect all the shit to be as hellish as it is and often they ... 1 . you obviously don't say sorry as much as enfps do . what does it take to get an estp to apologise ? i mean , if i know i was in the wrong ( through thorough facts and evidence , i'll admit i'm wrong ... it's totally worth it . you find some really cool places to check out and bring your friends to : tongue : if i can't find anything to do and no one wants to come chill , then usually i like to ride around to cities i'm not familiar with and just listen to some good music while exploring new places . this . especially being up for my spontaneous plans . also , if i can tell someone is really trying to get to know me through questions and reacts with an accepting manner , then i'll definitely get ... this . i have to say most of the time when someone gets offended by someone else due to their actions they automatically assume estp ... ( met a guy once who was such a womanizer / asshole ... turns out he ... ahhh , i find you intj's so damn interesting ( in a good way ) , love it . mmmm , that's really tough . i honestly don't really let a lot of people get really close to me , i kind of have a hard time ... damn . confusing . i feel bad because i just noticed that i've done this before . honestly , from my perspective and experience i've had times where i've been hella happy about this certain crush and ... hahaha like the video . i would say this is pretty close to how i examine people just with my own unique twist . - where you a chatterbox as a kid ? my son never stops and i always thought that was something that was more common in girls . i honestly think i started out as an istp as a kid , because man oh ... ... name some of your favorite types to be around , i know everyone is different , but have you noticed a pattern in the personality types of people you really just have a good time being around ? parent's types mother - estj father - istj what did they do right i think i definitely gained alot of communication learning from my mother , as well as charisma . from my father , he taught me a ... thank you everyone for your support and ideas ! i really appreciate it :D i'm going to try these tactics on him . hope it can work ! i think it comes naturally honest , i don't have to really focus it on it . i use alot of past experiences to predict things ( se ni connection there ) . it honestly comes instinctively because as an estp ... is ni for me ? yes . i use ni quite frequently to make connections to things and see how this could play out . i find myself using it the most after reading the body language of someone i've met , or ... just because you like sensory stimulation doesn't make you an estp . alot of entp's i know love the same stuff that i do . what i notice is that they are more ' scattered brained ' ( don't get me wrong ... what exactly are you asking us ? are you asking if we're spiritual ? hi guys estp here , and i just have no absolute idea how to approach my infp roommate about a situation that has just been bugging the hell out of me and because of my fe , i've been trying to ... loool this . completely have been there . [ quote = ningsta kitty ; 15507090 ] the question is why the heart connection and the apparent closeness he feels to me as a friend ( which i determine through his actions ) , but he's not romantic because he ... i don't what it is , but i swear every infj that makes a post always makes it sooo long ( but i love you guys soo ... ) alright so : 1 . how do you know he's an estp ? and why is it that when someone ... honestly , i feel like there's always going to be some new experience that will capture my eye . i really don't have any experience i can say that was just absolutely perfect and no need to experience ... i will say one of things that ticks me off the most is when people try to limit my freedom and tell me what to do ... it doesn't get to me at work , but when i have friends ( entjs ) who tell me what i ... ... curious to see the similarities within the estp community , share your thoughts : laughing : entj's for me ... i get sick of the controlling and questioning of behavior . i get along with most types , but i've also noticed conflict sometimes with enfp's ( cause we just view the world in complete ... '