yes , i get this all the time . at least some of my friends have gotten into the habit of replying for me after i get tired of responding and don't respond instantly . one time after spending all day at ... when i was younger certain people would cling to me , follow me around , and copy me which really used to piss me off . i didn't know it at the time but the infp in me picked up on them acting like ... i have noticed this a lot as a kid but i think it was just because i've always had a strong defined personality while all the others kids were constantly being influenced by the world around them ... dear mom , fuck you . fuck you for everyday day of my life that you tried your hardest to ruin . fuck you for everyday in the future that you will inevitably ruin with your presence . i can't believe ... i'm an aries . i don't really believe in horoscopes but i'm an aries with an aquarius rising ( if i remember it correctly ) . hey i'm a 19 year old infp who is considering the military too : tongue : . i was considering the navy at first because i could travel around but the navy is too job centered for me . i've been trying to ... well hopefully college will help you let go of the past , it's definitely better than high school . if they are constantly bringing it up it sounds like acceptance of the past would be better than ... well of course you deserve to have friends you can't help what you did as a kid you were a different person ( assuming that you were a kid of course ) . the past isn't something that you can change what ... i've always had this fantasy that i would one day stumble upon a magic wand or other magical item and then the wizard that owned the item would find me and make me his apprentice . i would get to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WC5FdFlUcl0 7803078031 78032 apparently i really loved those sunglasses . i think you should love your type and yourself because they are both who you are . i'm just against people using stereotypes of different types against other people , because while we fit into these ... infp neutral good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkvxiTEhNsM thanks i'm still getting used to the site and i'm trying to remind myself to post more ( i have a habit not talking when i see or am involved in interesting conversations ) . i also like using logic ... so that's what reply with quote does ... anyway i've never heard it gets easier as you get older . i'll have to test that out as i get older . i've noticed it is harder to make friends in college because ... shadowedsilhouette i feel the same way , i don't like how people talk about being an infp like it's worse than the other personality types especially because they don't know what being an infp is like ... wow , how have i never heard of this before . i just saw batman : dark knight returns and thought it was awesome . my grades were around 85 or higher except for math which would be around a 70 . my teachers would always have a talk with me about why my math grade was so low . i would get tutors but even then it ... thanks , i definitely think i can personally handle it but i guess we'll see . i think my stubbornness can take care of any infp related problems . this being said i'm glad to see being an infp won't ... thanks for the post i've been trying to get as much info as i can from regular people because like you said recruiters will sell the military to me . i'm still doing a lot of thinking on whether i ... 1 . my friends 2 . wolf 3 . cautiously pass each other 4 . big 5 . yes i've never had a problem with my intj friend , we are actually really good friends . as an infp it took a little time to get used to not having a deep emotional connection at first but he opened up ... i love to read all of john green's books . i love his style of writing and the way he describes things in his stories . wow this video explains a lot , i'll have to bring up the menu thing next time i'm being rushed at a restaurant xd . i'm thinking of joining the navy and was wondering if anyone in the navy or military could tell me what it's like ( other are infps appreciated but not necessary ) . i realize that the conditions aren't ... i've been lurking on here for a while and i've noticed that a lot of people seem to have a negative view of infps , including plenty of infps . the people who aren't infp see us as cry babies who need ... i've had a pretty boring christmas break so i've been pretty much living in my own little world for weeks . i decided to get out of my head and analyze my current situation which has taught me a lot ... infps are supposed to be good at writing but i'm not so sure if i am . i can't judge myself because i'm a perfectionist and my friends and teachers either love or hate my writing so i'm still unsure ... i feel the same way about dbz and goku . i'll always love dbz because it was a huge part of my childhood and it really got me into anime in general . i didn't know they were making another movie , i'll ... i usually get headaches from nightmares too , but luckily they usually only last an hour for me . i used to dream about what was on my mind a lot more as a kid , now i almost never have a realistic dream . when i was little and i had to do something important the next day i would dream i got out of ... well i'm glad to see it's not just me . i had a dream this morning that i had an awesome party with my friends that i haven't seen in a long time . i woke up feeling great and i've been feeling great all day . i've also had dreams that have ... i love how anime makes everything seem awesome . this is how i imagine each day , which really helps me survive boring classes too . my friend and i constantly joke about this kind of stuff happening at ... this guys videos are so good it's hard to pick which ones to post . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKmmthDROyo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh6Q7NL6WPg i used to get angry when no one would help me but i've learned it's better if i do it by myself . i used to have emotional outbursts but when these outbursts did get people to help me the help was ... i just randomly found this post and the test was pretty interesting , although i wish more people would take the test so i can see what they got . abstract tan , blue , crystal one bad habit that i'm currently doing is listening to a new song that i like 100 times and annoying my family . i have a really bad habit of picking my lips until my hands look like i've just killed ... i hate when someone thinks something that is wrong is true despite tons of evidence and everyone around them saying they're an idiot . i also hate when people say like every 2 seconds , it make me feel ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G_IewasYJQ your aspie score : 73 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 153 of 200 you are very likely neurotypical ... signing love doesn't always mean the other person likes you . it could be like how certain people call everyone honey or baby . i would have looked into it just to be safe but i guess how far he goes ... well if he wants you to invite mutual friends then you might be in the friend zone . he might think because you dated before that his chances with you are over . we infps are very hard on ourselves so ... yeah it might be a mutual comfort thing . this would be a lot easier if i knew him . he could be introverted and just like hanging out with his friends . i hang out in my friends dorm room everyday . we all meet in his room between classes , ... in my mind if i liked you then inviting you would be to forward of me . if i was going to ask a girl out i would feel better pulling her to the side then having a party of just the two of us . i'm not ... wow i can really relate to most of the things you've said ( i've never had a job though ) . i wish i could help you with the people not liking you problem but i haven't figured that one out myself . i ...