' 56 % infj 16 % enfj 8 % intj 6 % infp 4 % isfj i'll get the constant badgering of are you ok ? i guess while i'm thinking i look like i'm mad or sad . the infp in my life is convinced i'm always secretly upset about something . not the case at ... i'm scared of getting hurt but i don't let it consume me . she who risks nothing gains nothing as the saying goes . ^ - ^ the p's in my life seem to be on the look out for broader horizons . case and point , i have a friend ( infp ) that wants to buy a machine for her spa . she cannot decide on which machine she wants and is ... haha sounds like a classic p frustration with a j . ^ - ^ i have had the opposite happen with the p's in my life . they can't make a decision , prospect and then procrastinate . often times the opportunity ... i've always felt a close connection with cats too . i love all animals but cats have this mysterious side i really admire . ^ - ^ i love things like that . luckily where i live most people are like that . ^ - ^ it's like getting the thank you wave when you let someone go on the road . it makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside . xd exponential self growth and discovery . ^ - ^ i don't really go out looking for friends . they seem to find me . it's more about who i keep around me . i've had a lot of people want to be my friend but i only accept very few as a close friend . ie i ... i am a sap for romance . i like original thoughts and ideas though . since i'm a girl i guess i show romance in food . i love wowing him with my cooking skills and showering him with physical affection ... the ability to ponder our own existence ? the ability have ideas and bring them into existence as innovations ? the ability to adapt ? those are just a few i can think of off the top of my ... i was stuck in traffic and my lane wasn't moving . saw a cute kitty on the sidewalk . she started to look to cross the other lane which was moving fast ... i knew immediately she wouldn't make it and ... i'm grateful for all the people i love , the amazing degree of freedom i possess and the comfortable way in which i live . i'm grateful for all the lessons i've learned and for all the people i am ... my favorite color is green but if i were a crayon i'd be white . white holds all the colors of the spectrum . :p roud : 13 because it seems kind of lucky for me . ^ - ^ i'd say dark matter since it's what our universe mostly consists of and we still can't comprehend what it actually is . but i agree water is an amazing essential element . ^ - ^ i'm a big fan of ... i can understand relating to that phrase but for me i'd prefer something more positive if it were written on my body forever . ^ - ^ like dreamers are awesome and beautiful . that's just because of my ... i can write beautifully in cursive but if it's in print it looks like an old man wrote it ... > - < all the girls in my class growing up had beautiful bubbly letters . my sister is an esfp and her ... my mother is the only one that understands me . she's also an infj so i guess that's why . i have a different bio dad and it is painfully obvious . the rest of my family are ps and extroverts and can't ... pretty sure . i got a book that made me pick all my functions before i even knew what personality type i was . i wasn't happy with a lot of the ones i figured out i was either ... they outlined the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85UroAxqr3M an apology for the jokes lol ^ - ^ openness : 90 conscientiousness : 89 extraversion : 22 agreeableness : 69 neuroticism : 43 sometimes it is looking like a complete space case . you are off exploring infinite possibilities in your brain and are oblivious to what's around you . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS2NNlpxtNE i'm so sorry you're down . it sounds to me you are looking for purpose and meaning in your life . what inspires you ? ponder this . sometimes it is giving to others , sometimes it is self discovery , often ... i've felt this before which resulted in a beautiful friendship . i was naturally drawn to her and she has been my best friend ever since ! ^ - ^ i've also had the opposite happen to me several times ... i'm currently reading : the genie within : you by harry carpenter . i'll be done with it very soon . books don't last long for me . before that it was a string of other books ... too many to list ... i've always loved learning different languages . i started studying french as a child and learned it very easily . through out life i've always picked up sayings and phrases from other languages as ... kk three jokes ... what is the dahli lama's favortie pizza place ? - - dharmanos what do jewish lamas where ? - - - yep that's right ... lamacas xd how do you catch an infj ? unique up on them ! ... clean water for everyone , everywhere . ^ - ^ he lives in a disney movie ... have you seen him ? ^ - ^ kidding but my ideal guy is just as unrealistic . someone that is not afraid to show emotion and is romantic . someone that can understand ... wolves 273 * hug * that made me smile ! thank you . ^ - ^ i love seeing such a positive and outwardly caring post . x ) it drives me nuts how good you guys are at hiding your feelings . i want that > - < you are like a stealthy me . this is a very interesting thread ! ^ - ^ my mother is an infj and my bio dad seemed either infj or infp . he was a very spiritual feeler with great morals . my maternal grandfather is intj and my ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whbLpfQ46L8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_GWPEKY_jk i've never had anyone pursue me for my type before . it's not something i'd announce to people either . in fact , i've never had anyone local even ask me about it . =) i think if i were looking though ... i'm aries too . i never felt like they were writing about me when i read my astrological profile . could be anyone to some degree or another . i have no problems recognizing when i've done something wrong . i'll try and apologize and or admit i'm wrong right away or after i've had time to cool down . if i don't apologize i'll regret it and ... i personally love healthy infps . i disagree with being paired with a tps or a tjs since thinkers aren't typically as cuddly and touchy as a feeler . i've met both entp and intp guys and they are not ... bahahaaha ... i wish ... i'm like an open book when it comes to what i'm feeling . 0 - o but as for who i really am yes they will have no clue . i don't share a lot and i am pretty vague . i have layers ... i try and avoid negativity in general . if someone is a constant downer i'll try and get them to look on the bright side of life and if they can't move forward i don't push it . i really don't ... i thought hitler was a psychopath . can you type a psychopath or sociopath in mbti ? adolf hitler : âx80x98a psychopath with hysterical symptomsâx 80x99 | express yourself | comment | daily express hant ... affirmations followed by physical touch . i've known a lot of people that are the physical touch type but their mates are not . talk about miserable ! sensing or intuition quiz found that . ^ - ^ i'm all intuitive according to that test . * sigh * explains a lot ... i thought sensors read books ! 0 % sensing , 100 % intuition intuition intuitors ... my over all philosophy with life seems very isfj . i am caring and desperately want to help people to the point of martyrdom sometimes . your post is familiar to me because my best friend is an isfj ... hmmm ... it depends on how the relationship develops . i do not react well to overt flirting ... even if i like a guy it is too much for me to handle if he comes on too strong . i like meeting on ... repetitive and hard physical labor i can't do . i'd rather be the one with big ideas , re-thinking and over-thinking everything on how to make it better . making things better helps people , and that ... what kind of diet do other infjs have ? a there certain dishes you love and others you can't stand ? i like lots of fruits and veggies . even as a kid they were my favorite . i do love chinese and ... i love numbers and the idea of numbers . after all our universe is written with the language of math ... am i very good at math ... sadly no ... > - < but i love to wrap my head around complex theories ... i agree . give her time alone . talk with her in email or text . i need space from my family and even my closest friends . it is not because we don't like you . it is only because we need time to reflect ... '