' i haven't had time to follow recent events so let's hope i'm not taking things too far out of context . when people say things it helps to understand their motives . we are often afraid to ask or ... i would like to sell you sociology . science has been mentioned . i believe sociology is a legitimate science albeit a soft one . this justifies acknowledging religion's existence . i am not saying ... hell . not everyone is a scientist . but those who are normal and not desperate are not going to give themselves over to a cult leader or a gang leader . what should one do if they are desperate ... a universe with consciousness ? that's a good one . hadn't thought about that lately . do i have to wait till i'm desperate ? i don't think so . what about existence itself ? how are we a small ... asking me for my standard is a good question . let me see if i can answer , but first ... the face in the sky wouldn't prove much . how would you know it was god and not some skillful sky writer ? ... i like it ! i like it ! does it not depend on what one's standard is for existence ? what is your standard ? you want some exhibition of magic ? like a magic cure for cancer ? like world peace for ... gee . i thought they had relevance . okay . what would be relevant to whether a god exists or not ? are you sure none are relevant ? let me see if i can argue relevance . 5 . many people say god exists wo proof . stop trying to prove this might not be the case . 1 . tradition first claimed ... einstein - ile , lii or ili ? here is an argument that this question is not easily decided though maybe with a lot of research and work it can be . whatever we are , ile , ili or lii we see the ... i happened upon this christopher hitchens talk . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1OvDTrXr4k arguments defeating him : 1 . where is tradition ? 2 . where is humility ? 3 . where is goodness ? 4 ... reflecting directly with the content of a hypothesis by being immersed in its content as when einstein was manipulating equations to come up with his general theory of relatively , making progress ... if today were tomorrow , tomorrow would be right here now . i don't know about yesterday . you'll have to rephrase that . this sounds good and i agree at the exact time of taking up step # 1 , ti is unconscious , but i had something different in mind . what i had in mind was not everyone partakes in the scientific ... why are some avatars missing ? question : since the established view of the space-time universe was the greatly respected sir issac newton's , would the vision einstein had before he could publish his first papers be considered ... this sounds good except how can one leave out ti from 1 . all the way through to 5 . ? ti is generally associated with the ability to recognize logical consistency and correctness , generate and ... some of these conversations remind me of this : https://sp.yimg.com/ib/th?id=OIP.xqMbvcX9QJSVPPoacdmVmgEsDh&pid=15.1&rs=1&c=1&qlt=95&w=151&h=113 tell me . does this visual represent an ... the gravitational field has only a relative existence ... because for an observer freely falling from the roof of a house - at least in his immediate surroundings - there exists no gravitational ... lots of things . too many things . stop me before i mt my brain . do i like donald trump ? i would like donald trump to put one over on kim jong-un . i voted the green party candidate because i wanted to vote . i like trump because he is wonderful ( doesn't he say so ? ) and how can you not trust a president ? he gives me the chance to abandon ... thank you for being more specific . it helps to know what you are talking about . this is fine . clear building blocks help as long as they are clear . i hope it is realized each theory may have ... just to emphasize the ambiguity here , i will tell you what i had in mind . i don't know if i'm regarded by others as an lii or not , but i am an extreme multi-tasker . ( i still haven't gotten ... the recent exchanges speak more to socionics ( avoiding the mbti ) which i assume is as it should be for this thread . allow me to quote this link : process and result - wikisocion process types ... please understand . i was replying to a message of who seemed to be using mbti language . if people would discuss socionics here as i've seen on other threads i would look more closely into ... what intj would say that ? bravo ! = = = as to relatives and absolutes , in general , i like to ask if the situation is scaled . things operate with relativity ... in the case of error there is the possibility of correction . in the case of immaturity it is possible to learn maturity . how do we treat the immature ? we can teach them or try to . for the ... there are two cases . 1 . if a relationship has either been determined to be destructive or the determining process itself is destructive , then the solution is to discontinue the relationship . 2 ... some systems say one is innocent until proven guilty . other systems say one is guilty until proven innocent . it's a choice which system one wishes to operate in . the first system provides a ... emotivist = emotivists emotivists try to enter the emotional atmosphere of the conversation and they try to keep the emotion in the conversation positive . they can talk about various things ... suppose i were to say ti thinking and ni observation were alike in that they are about things going on inside one's head . a difference is ni is supposed to be observation while ti is supposed to be ... let's carefully divide this thing into two categories : things and people . ( that had better cover them all as i don't wish to have to kill you . ) if i slip , slide and fall slipping and sliding ... may we say organize and categorize have in common they bring together separate objects into a set , s . when we categorize we place a group of objects in their respective sets . ( we may also place a ... you didn't say whether you wanted to try small liking things . what do you experience together ? i can only guess . if you share food together , or a class together or a movie together , say you ... you don't have to tell him your deepest feelings . after all you would be embarrassed and he wouldn't know what to do . it must be gradual so he is stirred up slowly . how to do this ? tell him in ... how wrong was this wrong to you ? why were you vulnerable ? did the friend have another priority ? was the hurt defiberate or something they could not help ? both of you couldn't agree to ... i wait to see what is going on . then i have to select among : 1 . i get the hell out of their way if i'm not interested in their causes . 2 . i take them up on their judgment and have an ... your avatar is too hot to touch . i'll try my hand with an answer : social anxiety - a diffuse fear of entering or being in society . shyness - a fear of being in society at all . weirdness - behavior conflicting with what is ... outdoors , stock market , internet , sleeping equally except sleeping gets the lion's share . intp . why do i want to respond to all these various threads on every topic everywhere . can't do it . what do i do ? don't tell me be selective . i can be selective but there are still too many . . i'm sorry to hear your computer won't arrive after all . i do take a dim view of those eclipses . try to avoid eclipses if you want cut something in case a sharp tool is needed to cut you a ... ya got me . the only explanation i can think of is they were estimating the weight of the label added on . in this case be happy they charge shipping by the weight . forget about being happy . be happy you will have a computer . there are many in bangladesh who don't have computers . i wouldn't exactly say so . feelings are important and even those who don't indulge in them underneath know they are . home ? not home for me , but a nice place to visit . like hurrying down a path ... http://cache.lovethispic.com/uploaded_images/208465-If-You-Let-People-s-Perception-Of-You-Dictate-Your-Behavior-You-Will-Never-Grow-As-A-Person.jpg if you ignore people's perception of you , you ... rarely just looking at those two words , are they nouns or verbs ? categorization and organization are closely relating in meaning . they are nouns . don't they fail to move as a structure fails to move ? ... why do too many people define themselves by what they hate ? i can think of a couple kinds of haters . people who believe they are suffering an injustice . like being denied the vote , getting ... looks like direction for thinking might not work after all then if direction is not unique to thinking : fear - directed away from something hate or anger - directed against something love - ... '