' my mind is the scariest place of all . when it comes to media , i will choose not to consume it ... not because it's scary but because i don't want to see that shyt . my esfp drives me up the fricking wall ... i'll update my findings in a couple months ... no , some crimes i just don't care about . i wouldn't uphold every law . i'm not gross , i just do things that make people think i'm a psychopath . some of which i refuse to disclose on here lol , but i will share a few . i was running late for work one day and i was ... i would love to be a detective . and i mean , i would literally love to be a detective . nothing else . i don't have the patience to wade my way through to become a detective . every now and then , i test intp ... go figure . i think about the future , but that future rarely comes to fruition . i try and plan for the future and it changes as much as this crazy ass woman's ... the irony in my original post on the esfp forum is , no one responded ... insensitive assholes indeed ... lol ! ! ! double i'm trying to turn off ... but at every inkling or semblence that things might get back to normal , i turn to a pile of marshmellows . i have a very inferior feeling side , because normally i wouldn't ... i see a black box ... : confused : she even told me i was too nice for her ( i ... i get compared to house , often to give you perspective for my asshole barometer ) and her friends liked me more than her by comparison because she was an ... real talk ... its funny because i thought i was free-spirited and go with the flow ... my god ... this chick is fukking wind and dust . is there a right one ... in this social media slutfest of a world we live in , is there really a right one anymore ? this is the second time i fell for a person exactly like this ... i don't get emotional , i don't cry , i'm extremely logical , so why the hell did i fall so deep in love only to get shytted on . this sounds like some high school nonsense , but i really opened up to ... perhaps i am in the wrong line of work . the only way i've been able to deal with this dilemma is to just throw myself into it . however once i solve or meet that goal , i quickly go into hibernation ... i'm just naturally talented in a lot of things . i really don't have to try hard , but when i do i excel . however , there are few things of significance that i have accomplished because i get bored ... i'm like this to a t ... you need to force yourself into situations . there's no other option . people definitely wish i was more e . i get looked at like i'm borderline retarded sometimes . its not that i want to be someone different , i like being the smartest most fearless person in the room ... at times i am extremely e ... its not so much wanting to be that , i just wish i would say ... i wish i was more e or j . otherwise i like it . very . we probably can realize and rationalize it for what it is . i got hit by a car when i was 9 , and it was 15-20 minutes later and only after everyone around me started to get upset that i started ... i just realized the most ironic death for a carpenter is to be nailed to wood . i'm more than willing to introduce myself . ;) outside of my normal preferences for a woman ; 5 ' 6 , 135lbs , nice complexion , shoulder length darker colored hair , nice smile , big eyes , intelligence and opinionated without being over-bearing , and an ... does anyone else have the problem of being interested in so much , starting 100 projects , and finishing none of them . at this very moment , i am trying to start a business , go back to graduate school , ... not necessarily bad girls ... i really don't want the drama ... but i like women that aren't in your traditional female activities ... ie : motorcycles martial arts firearms cars etc not really for it ... i've learned how to do it however from retail and various other jobs , like other people in this thread . unless i'm flirting with someone , i am looking for an exit within 5 ... i'm very big on podcasts ... i listen to everything from relationship podcasts , there's one on ancient rome that i am big on , there's another called manager tools i listen too , and there's one on ... quite often ... and quite often i think through a bit too much ... there is a very thin line , and no happy medium ... major problem i have dealt with all my life . i definitely try to initiate a conversation some how . however , i am a bit hesitant in actually initiating some kind further connection , be it a phone number or date . kind of sad because i am pushing ... i am pretty sure my next car will be a manual . i drive my automatic like a manual , and i just genuinely like to drive , so a manual is much more fitting . got my bachelors in broadcasting / communications . i should have done computer science or programming . just left a career in warehouse operations ; now i am about to embark on a logistics and ... i can't get past the table of contents when i am building or repairing something . sometimes i just need to do . other times i analyze something into oblivion . i'm a supervisor at my job . its an interesting dichotomy being an istp and living this type of career path . i recently just had my performance review , and all of my superiors are pretty much in ... sooo , your ideal career is basically the storyline for body of lies ... to learn to accept myself ... i didn't for a long time . this site and mbti went a long way confirming some things that i never should felt awkward about myself in the first place . airplane pilot race car driver detective fire fighter venture capitalist / entrepreneur ... wait , what ! ? lol , not to laugh ... but like nike , just do it ! it couldn't be easier . if you are at wits end , don't even bother to explain . it sounds like you are truly in love however , so when you break up ; as ... to be honest ... in a lot of ways , yes ... that might be what i needed to hear . thanx . believe me i haven't been idle in lending a hand , i've done far more than this person's entire family has done in the last few years . i've given this person my ear , my time , my hand , my money , ... thanx everyone ... i'm the type person i can only be down for so long before i make a serious change ... i know everyone is not wired like this , but i feel like everyone should atleast make an effort to ... i will detail later ... but i have someone close to me that is depressed , and has been for sometime . quite frankly , i am ready to snap ... i know its not my place ... but i am wits end dealing with this ... i've never been good at studying myself . despite being one of the smartest at my high school , my failure to do work at home kept me from being a 4.0 student . i always read and learn just enough to ... i need to have my space . i start to become a dick , if i don't get it . some people don't understand this , those closest to me do . i like your buddies or kinda-friends notion . i realize now that i probably have more friends than your average istp , but i have 3 layers of friends . i have 4 real / best friends , an equal number of ... woman : i want to get a tattoo of jesus crucified on my back me : the only half naked man that should be on your back is me . i always tell people get into the best school or program you can for the least amount of money . if that means going to community college for 2 years , and then completing your bachelors ... by all ... assuming that the others aren't mutually exclusive ; i choose knowledge . '