' hmmm , i understand the feeling . when nothing is going on we have to make something go on ... when i was feeling this way i saw this phrase somewhere : our reality changes very easily . you just have to ... frozen it sucksss , right ? how parents treat their sons . it's like they playing with barbies instead of being parents : bored : i understand everything you said . i think you should do what you want ... aaaa . and to discover what you really like and want , something good is to go on a short trip to somewhere beautiful . it helps to clear your mind and lead your thoughts to what you really like ... and tell me something , how are your parents ? if you did something radical like that and it didn't work out , would they help you ? or would they just leave you ? and i think we're lazy too hahaha ... i mean ... i know so many people that work , go to another city ... just do what they wanna do , you know ? they're not afraid , they just do ... i'm afraid of getting ... relax a little bit , you're only 21 ! you're still so young . as i told you , we're all going through that . our whole generation . do you work ? you could work , save some money and go somewhere else . ... spyinggg : frustrating : what did you say ? ( and i hope you're okay as well ) hmmm , i have a friend that was embarassed too , but she really loves singing and wanted to learn how to sing properly , ... me tooo ! ! it's funny , it's like i'm fighting an invisible person . seems like an enemy indeed . and then you think wtf , who am i ? that voice or this voice ? hahaha ... i realized they're just very ... naaah , you can keep asking questions and saying stuff , it's all interesting , i like the things you say ! ! feeling separate from it makes me feel like i bring it with me and force it to do things , yeah . and feels like you're trapped or something . i used to think this too , that we have a body , we're not ... beautiful too <3 good thing to keep in mind i don't remember that : o or i didn't get to this season yet , but i searched it hahahaha gotta watch it , i'm on season 2 here <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z26BvHOD_sg coool last week a woman told me : through your whole life , have you seen ( in person ) more beautiful things or bad things ? ... hahahahaha ... me too . i remember abed pretending to be an alien ... it ... amazing : crazy : very inspiring i've felt that too sometimes and i'm trying to get back to it . get back to this wonderful feeling , that's what life is about . some days ago i almost felt it again , ... nooo , no . first thing i learned about wicca is that you have to learn all theory before trying magic spells and stuff . you have to understand what you're doing . i don't know yet how those spells are ... : o i'm learning so many things here , twinflames , never heard of it . gonna read the text in this link i have so many crazy theories about soulmates hahahaha ... i'm thinking about writing a fiction ... :( having this problem now . i was in a relationship and it's just weird to me how could all of it been a lie ... makes me think about how people can be good actors . how can they pretend so well ? ? ! it ... yeah . and as if this epidemic isn't enough , children are taught to do that . : sad : : o gotta try it done aaaa ... really feeling love . just feeling love . it helps say more about it ! ! ! pleaseee so many people here are depressed ... : sad : listening to these song makes me feel better :) and it makes me accept a lil bit that i am alone and that's not so bad the dream that i remember that i was more terrified about was when i was a kid and dreamed that i was in the playground of the building i live in , and there were a lot of black triangles frenetically ... i remembered of that song now but the fool on the hill sees the sun going down ... oh , thank you ! ! : happy : that's my religion too . i was thinking here , another thing that has been happening is that ignoring people is becoming normal ... even my mother is ignoring now , like ... here i got : infps are : the worst robots ( ? ? ? ) boring lazy : o me too ! ! it happened right when i got to know about tarot i used to like this representation : 603810 i would like to see or read a fiction about the internet suddenly stop existing . does anyone know any ? : crazy : aaaa . wow . that spell i find hard to believe ... have you ever used to talk to the person in your dream ? but cool this thing about lapis lazuli . i want to meditate with crystals tooo . gonna ... hmmm ... yeah . god , i don't understand how some people bare living in such ways , being so superficial ... i just don't get it . with some people , i tried to get to know them on a deeper level , because i ... : o which spells about dreams ? how is that ? and what meditating with lapis lazuli crystals does ? tarot ! ! ! i want to learn that sloth chronicles hahahahahahaha ... hm ... the ~ believe ~ part :( . i miss it when i'd easily believe in things ... i started distrusting things and people (: sad :) 1 year ago , it sucks . peter paning ... sometimes i kinda feel like i was born for the unnecessary ... but then i remember that the unnecessary can be a light in this world :) looking : o . o hiii <3 i'm reading the power of the witch by laurie cabot ever read any ? do you know about this stuff ? : happy : horribleee heretic u . u yeah ... it's important to care about what's happening , that way you can help . yeah . you're right . gotta remember that . i feel bad for not doing things . like helping those reaaallly in need people ... awn okay , be your selfie <3 but i think i see blood i would . hahahaha i totally encourage you ! sloths <3 fantasy is good , a escape from reality . thinking about reality now ... do you feel like you need to take a break from reality ? i have a ... well , i'm not . but people might think i am since so many think i'm hitting on them . mostly nowadays . if you're polite , they think you're hitting on them . people are so needy nowadays ... i think it's ... well , hi . i'm scared of you . please change this avatar or may i say ... thank , god ? hahahaha ... just kidding thank god oh ! i thought you wrote books hahahahahaha ... i wish i read more too . i start reading too many books at the same time , so i kind of take a long time to finish reading all of then , or just never ... no , not me . just a beautiful witch . are you proud of being narcissus ? your books ? ? ? tell me more : crazy : <3 '