' i start bawling whenever i hear an old layne staley song . it's ridiculous . i relate to him so strongly and get so sad about his death , but i never even met the guy . beyond that , i rarely cry ... huh . nice socks . are you insane ? you're sooo adorable ! do you have a boyfriend ? i never would've thought of that .. how did you know i was going to say that ? a doctor gave me a prescription for sleeping pills once . bad idea . i literally knocked myself out for two weeks straight . i swear and use sarcasm frequently . beyond that : i wonder if [ insert random statement here ] .. direct quote from a good friend : you do realize that ninety-nine percent of people think you're either crazy or phsyic .. ? umm , yeah . it almost seems like i know what other people are going ... hmm . finding a cute infp . that'll have to go on the to-do list . : happy : i check that stuff semi-frequently ( just in case somebody dies or something ) , but i often go into hermit mode and don't answer messages / texts / emails / calls . i feel bad about it , but my friends ... there are threads on here about what existential depression is and whether people have it or not , but i wasn't able to find much solid advice on how to cope . can anybody help ? personally , i've ... awww , relationships are confusing . i don't think i've ever been romantically involved with your type , but my intj brother and i grew up together and get along really well . it's definitely possible ... sooo ... i've tested as different types at different points in my life , and have no idea which is the most accurate portrayal . help , please ? i'll break it down for you : childhood - most likely ... i think the ratio's kinda unbalanced , so females get way more attention than men . don't take it too personally ! i try to respond to everyone who doesn't ask my bra size or say hay sexy wat up as an ... haha ouch . i'm on there , and i'm not exactly desperate .. : wink : that may be true , to some extent , with the older crowd , but there are lots of cool young people that are just testing the waters or ... well ... i kinda went to state for math league in high school . haha . i'm a borderline intp , though , so perhaps that's why ? well , i've definitely gone through i hate everyone . and everything . and life . phases , but i'm usually pretty civil . i mean , most people are like sheep . yeah , they're kinda stupid and annoying , but ... well ... up till sophomore year , i was just sorta awkward . then , i got [ physically ] sick , to the point where i was technically half-dead for a year . all of my friends / family pretty much gave up on me ... mine's actually from a poem i wrote a while ago . i guess it just really resonated with me ... i tend to get waaay more extroverted and out there when i'm around other introverts , so it would probably work out really well . also , i'm pretty close to the intp border , so there'd be a bit of a ... i swear like a sailor . it's pretty bad . : tongue : i've been on okcupid on and off since i ceased to be jailbait . it's actually pretty interesting , cause it definitely exposes you to people you'd never meet in real life . an enfj off of there ... overall result was zero . hmm . i'll put the specifics below , in case you're curious ! angles - 19/20 spot the difference - 43 % hands - left on top empathising - 12/20 systemizing - 14/20 eyes - ... i love intj's ! ! ! i've only known one or two in real life , but i wish i could hug you all ! ! ! i'm an infp and my brother's an intj . we complement each other really well . we're both used to feeling like outsiders , we don't need to stay in constant contact or fill the silence when we're ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9jX1KAKp78 nooo kidding . writing , art , and music aren't the best in terms of job security . i live in hope that i'll randomly do something brilliant one day so i can quit the 9-5 , though ! i tend to let my emotions take control , so i can be kinda .. umm .. volatile ? if somebody tries to take advantage of me ( or anyone that seems remotely helpless ) , i'll let ' em have it . it seems really ... well ... technically , i'm agnostic . i don't see how any sort of higher power could exist , but i can't prove it doesn't , either . alice in chains , marilyn manson , depeche mode , and radiohead . i don't really hate myself , but i definitely feel like i'm inherently broken sometimes . it's weird , cause i'm pretty tough in a lot of aspects , but i can be incredibly fragile as well . well , you can observe my eyes on the left ... they change from blue to grey , depending on the lighting . they're pretty big , so people definitely notice them . i've been told there's a certain ... nooo not my kitties ! ! ! monster and beast are seriously my bff's . i'd kill myself so they could feast on my flesh till someone rescued them . definitely another nf . it'd be good to throw in a j , too , given my extreme dislike of using logic and common sense . i'm torn between e and i . so : * nfj would probably work out really well . i'm not ... it depends on how intuitive the person is . i've had to build up a lot of walls between my true self and the world to preserve my sanity , so i tend to come across as the intimidating , tough-as-nails ... umm .. i don't really believe in iq tests as a representation of intelligence , but i've taken official ones and scored 135-140- ish . i only made an effort in school if something interested me , so my ... hmm , let's see ... lots of band shirts and jeans . plain khaki messenger bag . converse . keyboard . electric guitar . macbook . large quantities of coffee . granola bars , yogurt , and energy bars / shakes , ... my [ male ] best friend is an infp too , and he's the coolest dude ever ! ! ! it's so nice to have somebody that will hang out in my little fantasy world with me . : laughing : that said , most people think ... i was actually a referee for a while ! i'm quiet , easily distracted , and feel terrible for people when they screw up , so it didn't work out so well . ha . i couldn't live in total solitude , either , ... night owl all the way ! : tongue : more out of a feeling that i don't belong in this world than a feeling of worthlessness . it seems like i can relate to most people extremely well , but virtually nobody can relate to me . haha oh gosh , i totally relate to her , too ! i think she may be infp , though , because a lot of what she does is really impulsive and based on feelings more than reality . i could definitely be wrong ... love , hate , love , by alice in chains , has to be the most infp song i've ever heard . creep , by radiohead , is an obvious one . and then all things nirvana .. i'm nineteen years old . i'm working a 9-5 office job right now . virtually everyone else is either an estj or an istj . i'm pretty miserable , and my innate quietness makes people uncomfortable . i mostly just hide in my ... i'm more into self-destruction than thrill-seeking . i have a pretty vivid imagination , so things like skydiving can't really compete with what's going on in my head ! : tongue : honestly , i feel like i'm from another planet sometimes . finding this forum has been good for my sanity .. i don't have any great desire to be accepted or have a great deal of friends . if i just ... awww , people actually understand me ! does anybody have advice on coping with inner turmoil ? i feel like i'm not going to make it sometimes .. well ... i just seem to have a hard time finding inner peace and happiness in general . it's difficult for me to face harsh realities , so i isolate myself in my own little dream world . i feel like that ... i looked through all of the threads and didn't see one specifically dedicated to lotr - sorry if i'm wrong ! here are some of the ones i'm most curious about ( feel free to add more ! ): eowyn ... it kinda seems like a trend to me ... i'm mainly thinking of kurt cobain , layne staley , john lennon , and jeff buckley , but there's the whole slyvia plath thing , too ... just curious what your ... oh , sorry , i forgot a link . silly me . : sad : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmdVT1wjaFQ musician or writer . i tend to lose focus before i finish writing anything , though . :( i used to think i'd be a good psychologist , but honestly , i care about people too much . it would destroy me ... '