hey , happy to meet you too ! but where did you get the idea that those aren't great qualities ? : laughing : i'm a hopeless procrastinator and i'm highly indecesive and off with fashion ... well ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzEu1iZUdKc hey fellow enfp , welcome to pc ! : crazy : youtube - edith piaf--les amants de paris - - 1948 welcome to the enfp 7 club ! i hope you'll enjoy your stay here . i looove cats too , but unfortunately i'm allergic to them . that makes me so sad ... : sad : one of my flatmates has a cat , which she ... i think my dad is an entj and my mum is an infj . my sis probably is an infp . i should force them to take the test one day , though ... hey ellipsis , welcome back ! i hope you'll enjoy your time here ! : happy : hardly a song , but oh well ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLKXD_Ar5CM&feature=channel_page no , that's not it , you know . we can't handle people who say that there's a truth , because for us there just isn't . there are so many viewpoints to a discussion or a situation , it's just idiotic . i ... it's very beautiful , holly ! i think you captured the essence of being an enfp very well . i could read it as if it was directed at me , so you did a pretty good job ! i see a lot in your ' letter ' ... hey jane , welcome to the forum ! i guess you're a jane austen lover , which is pretty cool actually . i just looove all things jane austen ! : happy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On98e0jINwE over dramatic ? hell yeah . i'm the queen of drama . i like to empathize everything i think or feel , which can be annoying for others too . i often try to shut up , because i don't want to annoy the ... i had the s reaction and well , i'm pretty sure i'm not an s . : crazy : i also did the analysis pgod 45 did and concluded that i was safe , because i never met a ferret nor a grizzly bear . heya you fellow enfp type 7 capricorn ! : laughing : i'm not sure if one could call it ' inspiring ' , but i'm able to lift people's spirits quite a bit . when i see people who are going around in negative circles , i jump them . can't help myself when it ... i am somewhat claustrophobic ... i don't like narrow spaces and large crowds . but if that's an enfp trait ... hmmm ... i don't think so . hmmm , i don't have one and that i'm not going to get one in the future is almost as certain as the fact that i'm going to die one day . : crazy : i'm not against tattoo's , btw . it's just not for me ... i'm with you , cg ! why be afraid of something that's inevitable ? i mean , we all know it'll be coming some day , it's the only thing we know for sure . i find that quite comforting and so it really ... you just made my day ! : crazy : i need people around me to stay happy actually . there are days when i can take being alone very well , but when i have worries or other things of a negative nature occupying my mind , i need to go out ... i have a very strong intuition , ever since i was a little kid . i read people fairly easy , they tell me a lot of what's going on in their heads without them actually speaking out . it's always been ... hey bella , welcome ! and yeah , sure . of course there are other enfp's in the world . hurray , i would say ! : crazy : thinking i'd better go to bed , i'm exhausted . but on the other hand knowing that i'll be around the internet for at least another two hours ... i have tuns of people in my head . i don't interact with them , though . it's more like a soap opera that goes on and on and has been going on ever since i was a little kid . i think that if i put it in ... youtube - judy garland - i got rhythm judy is awsome . : laughing : hi fellow enfp , welcome to the forum ! : laughing : waiting for my soup to start boiling and my bread in the oven to get ready ... i love drama ... making a fuss out of things is one of my specialities . i can act as if the world is coming to an end during these moments . but pessimistic ? no , never . there are always other ... i have always been an enfp , though when i was little i could be very shy . i remember that i always liked to be in large groups of people when i was little , despite the shyness . but i don't think one ... discovering personalitycafe all over again . : crazy : and being totally annoyed by the fact that i have a more than 3 hour team meeting tomorrow and that college starts again next wednesday . : confused : i'm a real pub person . over here pubs are great . people drink belgian beers and talk with their friends about life , in the summer often outside the pub . at least that is what i always do . : tongue : ... normally i get two reactions from people . either they think i'm arrogant or they think i'm a crazy and positive person , who gives people energy when being around them . loads of people have that ... hello you fellow procastinators , i see you multiplied yourself in the time i was away . well , what have i been doing the last couple of months ? i told myself to go and study , but instead i ... i have the attention span of a guinea pig . and honestly , i don't care . all these little tidbits of information i gather come in very handy while playing trivial pursuit . : tongue : yay for starrynights ! ( did you change your name ? : wink : ) oh , here's another carla bruni fanatic , i think she's great ! : laughing : you might like these two , especially when she's accused of being an adultress : ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=663weGidXS0 welcome finian ! and no , you're not nuts . you're enfp . some would say that's the same , but we know better . : wink : i have one advice : just embrace it . i've always done the things that i felt like doing . it brought me great experiences and i learned a lot by doing so , also the hard way . one of the best things i ... here it varies . or my room is extremly neat or it's an extreme mess . it's like some kind of wave . i start out clean and after a while i become sloppy , especially when life is becoming too busy . then ... when i'm alone i talk to myself all the time , it helps me sorting out my thoughts . roommates who walk pass my door sometimes think i'm crazy . i also talk to my television set . for instance , when i'm ... no , of course not . i know that too . it's just a way of dealing with the stress and so it's easier to think : oh well , i am allowed to make mistakes , because i'm the one who is up here and the rest is ... no indeed , i never get mad at people just because something else happened that made me mad . i once had a roommate who really loved to snap at me when she had a bad day at work , i always found it ... i thought : omg , i can't remember this guy's name , but what the heck he's wearing a cookie monster outfit , he's cool . : tongue : not really a song , but oh ... whatever . i love it . : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIuVlWPs-Uk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0IfNKWJvgA&feature=PlayList&p=10895D2AEC889FF0&index=5 ... hear hear ! and next to that : that crowd is hardly interesting . if they could do it better than the one who's performing they would be out there doing it . a piece of wisdom i've got from my dad who's ... same here . : confused : so i tried to think what to do if i was american . so zaria the fake american scored as the late bird . zaria the european probably would have scored as the hardcore insomniac , ... that's a great room . if i had one that's that big , i probably would have other rooms to keep my mess in , so i wouldn't spoil this one . : crazy : i am an extreme p . i have to say i do prefer chaos and situations in which nobody knows where to start . the more chaotic things get at the office , the better i feel , saying to others things like : oh ...