' i think in my younger days ( well , i'm only still 22 , but in maybe high school / early college ) , i used facebook as a way to gain shallow popularity - posting status , liking stuff , posting tons of ... someone has to be brain dead to not notice that you've been interrupted , but on the other side , i think it has a lot to do with assertiveness . take it from my experience when i interrupt a person in ... pulling a 2nd all nighter this week . 2 midterms and a paper to go until my 1 week spring break . i just want some sleep . here are my experiences with intjs ; i think a relationship honestly depends on the individual and not the type , but you can judge for yourself . intj 1 : my apartment mate . overall , despite things ... sorry to hear that bro :( i think you need to take proactive action . go see a psychiatrist and grab some prozac . taking anti-depressant to many is a sign of weakness , but don't worry about it ... so , do you isfj's feel comfortable sharing your living space ? - yes do you tend to live alone ? - no , i live with many others , but i notice that i tend to be at home the most when others are ... don't think i've ever mistype-d . i found old personality results from a test i took on facebook years back in high school and apparently got isfj even before i knew what mbti even was . so i'm pretty ... 1 . they have to do a lot to get me to dislike them . i don't think i ever had hatred for someone in my life . this person would have to be ridiculously rude , have double standards , conceited , ... skyrim . i used to be a heavy video gamer , but after my second year of college , i've abstained from electronic gaming in favor of other things to do . however , all i have to say ... i went back ... i have an istp friend - - he's definitely not on par with al pacino . but you can tell when he's angry . glares , silence , frown . tendency to randomly punch a wall here and there . i don't see how that's your fault in any way possible , in fact , i commend you for doing so much and thinking of a way to help your friend out when she's down in the dumps . unfortunately , she was ... ^ what he said . i don't know how to do that @ thing to link your name .. someone teach me ? :D ) i've noticed people weren't really interested in getting to know me better , or were very reserved in ... based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : isfj or second possibility : esfj or third possibility : infp your cognitive functions : introverted sensation ( si ) ... 41 , average yeah , just give him your phone number , it can't hurt . i'm sure if you're a girl it's different ( ie creeper asking for your # ) , but between guys , i think he just wants to befriend you . which in most ... 20 , hitting 21 in january . i remember taking part in a similar poll long before . back then , i chose the 13-17 range . time flies .. completely agree . if it's the choice between a 5 - page paper and a midterm , i'd go for the paper because it'll give me all the time i need to make it perfect in order to earn a good grade , whereas ... fairly nearsighted . i've been wearing glasses since 10 ; must be all those saturday morning cartoons i watched . i'm not too sure how bad they are ... i think it's -4.0 / -4.0 . bad enough to the point ... one of my best friends who i've known since the beginning of college til now ( 3rd year-to-be ) , and who's been living with me for more than a year now is isfj . we get along pretty well , and we can ... i love this thread . i must've downloaded more than 30 images now after viewing all 5 pages . uploading them somewhere safe now :) :) i just want to rub my head back and forth along a kitty's mocha ... can i share too even if i'm not an entp ? nyan nyan nyan - survived 2 hours of blasting this while memorizing biology for an exam . this thread needs to be sticky-ed . it's too important to be lost in archive . tl ;d r so responding to op's question . did make an effort to scan some other replies though . i know a few intjs , and they're all pretty different in the way they respond / act , but i can't see them ... haha , that's so funny , because i'm pretty much the opposite , and you sound like my friend who i go shopping with sometimes ; she would follow me around for an extra 2-3 hours after she's done .. i feel ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? - bungee jumping : sure , if it just only wasn't so expensive at those amusement parks .. as for skydiving , i would like to try at least once ... my apologies if this thread doesn't quite fit the context of the subforum , but here goes : i'm leading an ice breaker activity for a group of youths aged 12-18 this coming sunday , and someone ... i usually fall asleep pretty quickly - usually less than 10 minutes . sleep usually comes pretty easily for me unless i'm recovering from jetlag ( which happens occasionally when i pull all-nighters ... if it's organic chemistry , pretend the molecules are talking to each other in the process of reactions . just don't do it on the campus library . people will think you're crazy . unless it's exam week : ... more or less i have the same feeling as the posters above . i like praise because it's a positive feedback from those i help ; it tells me that they notice , they are thankful , and i'm performing the ... my good friend is an intp . we get along very well , and amazingly too because we actually don't share a lot of the same interests .. except working out at the gym and chemistry ( same major , same ... yeah , i type with all 10 of my fingers . i think when my dad first bought a windows 98 and hooked it up with the ancient dial up back in the day , i did the hunt-and-peck until i actually learned in ... you might just have to be very explicit and tell her how you feel . sometimes i might care for someone , but just don't really show it . i think about it and everything , but when it comes to outward ... i usually just lurk around and read what others have to say . i think what teddy said is pretty true ; i have this habit of typing a reply , then realizing that it might not be worth it .. and never ... i'm in a college fellowship , which is one ministry out of many that are affiliated with a large local church near campus . the other ministries include ministering to other age groups and people who ... i hate micromanagement . whenever i do a task , i like to focus solely on that task until it's completed . i was never one to juggle several tasks at once ; whenever i have to do several things at once ... at first i thought that was hilarious . then i realized : if she fell forward , wouldn't she drown ? she can't get back up and her face will be in the pool . she can't even roll to face up , because of ... for me , it depends on who i'm with . and sometimes what i'm doing . - i think among my introverted friends , i'm the most extroverted . it irritates me sometimes to be hanging out with them and having ... hello all ! i was wondering if any isfjs here are in nursing ... i'm currently in college 2nd year and i was thinking of maybe switching majors . i'm currently chemical engineering ; it's not bad , but i ... hey there ! from my personal experience , become friends with girls first ! shift outside the comfort zone a bit and explore , you'll end up meeting some pretty cool people from the opposite gender ... entps are cool . my roommate's one . i love hanging out with him . although i feel sometimes he is a distraction when i need to get work done . hmm , when strangers offend me ? yeah , i kinda get annoyed . unless i see that they're those carefree types and what they did was unintentional . friends ? i reply in kind and we laugh it off . if it's ... happy birthday ! have you ever thought of becoming a nurse or pharmacist ? when i was applying to college ( which was just last year ) , i decided to go with biochemistry , because i enjoyed chemistry , biology , and ... what did u find most difficult in school ? nothing . school from k - 12 felt it was really smooth . i loved every aspect of it . anything i disliked would probably just be something trivial ; like spending ... if it's something worthwhile , i usually tell most friends i meet throughout the day . i lose track of who i tell the story to and sometimes i end up telling the same story a second time to the same ... thanks lady k for the great advice :) sounds like i should start a cleaning schedule .. argh . here in the dorms , the janitors just clean the bathrooms for us , guess that luxury is going to slip away ... so i'm moving into a suite next semester with 3 other guys . two of them are isfjs and one's a istp . any good tips on how to deal with fellow isfjs when you guys will be sharing the same bedroom , ... d . bad for liver , bad for brain , money can be better used elsewhere ( like my college tuition fees .. ) also i'm building muscles and doing physical training everyday , and alcohol hinders protein ... http://th05.deviantart.net/fs6/300W/i/2005/083/6/a/Halo_Ring_World_by_UncleLou.jpg centripetal accelerated ring in space . simulated gravity . but obviously smaller . i seem to get dreams that usually revolve around things i'm worrying about . like last night . i fell asleep trying to planning my schedule for the next 2 weeks , because i have so many midterms and ... '