' i think despair is very dangerous here . you say you've given up on being appreciated by him , yet you are asking us to help you do just that . that is contradictory . let us be honest and call out ... damn , i kinda liked these stereotypes . i really liked the phrase , gently social . i do like being sassy and astoundingly clever , but only within the context of making people happier . there are a ... agreed . finding a way to ensure the survival of the fourth would be the best option here . i think your idea with the three holding onto the fourth could work though the landing would be ... oh it has been a very long times since i have been trying to survive . if survival was the best this world could offer me , then i wouldn't be interested anyway . there is only one thing that ... i am really sorry for those of you who are feeling broken by the difficulties of your life , and if i could , i would hug you tightly , gaze deeply into your eyes , and assure you that everything will be ... i studied russian history and read a great deal about the times under lenin and stalin , both from primary and secondary sources . one true story that really sticks with me is this one from a woman who ... not many relationships subjected to analysis on percafe last very long period and so i find this criticism to be rather forced . intj husband and i have lasted for over a decade so far , and are still ... i do think it is an ne gift , although i don't think we always hone it ( personally , i haven't ) . my dad ( also enfp ) does something like you for a living--he worked as a project consultant for a wide ... * blushes deeply * thank you . paralysis by analysis . that is a really cute way of putting it . look , i totally get that you are worried , and for really valid reasons . you'll have to forgive me a bit--or at least take my ... lame strategy ! ! this just reeks of i am not ready to make a serious commitment to her / i am too afraid of failure . the biggest contingency you are missing here is that if you keep stringing her ... from what i could tell , in this case , it was less about the sex and more about the safety / contingency plan . as in , better to keep multiple options open , but only secretly so that she doesn't know , ... op says he did not have sex because he didn't think it right to have sex with a woman who had a boyfriend . honestly , i cannot see how you can object here without also relinquishing integrity . op ... integrity is better found in yourself than in another . learn this , and you will find a woman worthwhile . i disagree vehemently with your observation that he missed out . in my view , he only had the ... look , don't sleep with her . that is the worst advice yet given on either of these threads . i'm sorry , metal . * finger flicks you in the earlobe * , your integrity on that score ... shit , i almost thanked this post until i got to the last line . holy fuck , do you not see how , sure , it's the logical thing to do to remain secure in your lifestyle ( assuming you're not ... so i thought of you yesterday : to fall in love with anyone , do this so that when you find a suitable intj candidate , you guys can speed things up a bit ;-) it's a fascinating social experiment of ... you're right . i was confusing a and b . haha . i am really glad to hear your update . i wasn't sure what to make of your conclusions in 5 . like , i really couldn't comprehend what you meant by ... i seem to come across somewhat punchier in my posts than intended . i hadn't meant to accuse ; more offering rebuttals to other advice you have received here which i found inadvisable . i do think you ... absence of proof is pretty meaningless since you cannot disprove them either . the most rational position would be to shrug and say , who knows ? somethings in the world are a matter of conviction ... no . i am deeply troubled by the inconsistency between your claim to seeming sincere care and concern for these men and your treating them both like crap . if you care about b , then why are you ... ooh cut me to the quick , you have ! since when have enfps had a reputation for dishonesty ? ? i saw your thread on the intj forum and would have replied there , but let's maintain type ... * deleted double post * word to the wise ; don't mess with that shit . ghosts are real enough , but it isn't good because it means the soul , for whatever reason , did not pass on . vast majority of souls move on , most into the ... really ? you don't think he would have been better off with mary ? edit : i mean , yeah , i get it that charlotte's actions in marrying him were rather noble and altruistic , but i always got the sense ... yeah , okay , fair enough . , do not be like this dude . he was a little nuts . also , do no be like mr . collins . that guy had no swag . i had once had a suitor ( not sure what his type was ) ... gut feelings are sometimes nothing , but sometimes they can hit the nail on the head . personal theory is that limerence , especially if it is unusually strong ( i . e . based on more than breasts or ... i try to forgive that person . if i can do it , especially if it was a minor offense , like a snide remark or rude driving , i play a game with myself making up excuses for them . maybe he just got fired ... mindless pursuit of drunkenness and irresponsible sex seems like a pretty low bar for social skills , haha . frat parties in particular--no conversation required , grunts and inappropriate groping are ... i have no idea where you heard that enfp girls like long distance . i hated it . honestly , enfp or not , she sounds like a vampire , sucking dry your energy and emotional health . however violent her ... i am just trying to confirm ... you are sleeping with two men at the same time ? if they find out about one another , especially them being intjs , you are going to lose both of them ... and not without ... you may have thought i was jesting about the pretentious beer photo , but i assure you that i am not . when intj husband and i entered our reception ball , he held my hand in his right and an ... , you are adorable . i love what you are doing and i really hope it works for you . we really do need an typology dating forum so anytime someone wants to come up with one , that will be fine ... catch - 22 : if i knew the answer to that , the enigmatic thing would be moot . blah blah blah ... you don't understand me ... good grief . i never set myself up as an ideal wife / girlfriend . it's fine if you have high standards , and i applaud you holding out for your ideal ... i want to help you . this has been my earnest desire from the beginning . happiness isn't pain . life is pain . look at the pain of your own life ... the pain of your parents ' lives , your sister's ... i see that we are mostly quibbling about small stuff here . i still think you are wrong in several smaller points , but i am satisfied that you are a decent fellow who would treat your ... men and women risks can be equal only if one ’ s ability to think logically has been compromised . i do not pretend to know what has compromised your ability to see clearly these things , but to deny ... i am not sure why you are saying all this — other than the thought that you are so emotionally deranged by my criticism that you have lost the capacity to process things rationally — i am ... ok , coolio . you're awesome . a bit cynical , but you've obviously never met me . hit me with your best shot . pm if you would like . i can handle anything . my biceps may be flabby but my ... hmm ... i don't mean to put you on your guard . i am simply trying to spell it out the way it is . men and women approach sex differently , but we're still sexually compatible . haha ... okay , so ... i don't like all the yelling and typing and your not worth shit ting going on . everyone is worth a lot more than poop , so can we stop being stupid about it ? honestly , i think all of you guys are ... what a tragic tale . i'm so sorry for her . it sounds like she really needed some sexual healing in her life , and ( while having an extramarital affair seems a messy way of accomplishing it ) it sounds ... freud had a dirty mind . he thought everything , pretty much , had to do with sex . he was also a guy . in this case , i concede that he may have a point . when i ovulate , i become as horny as a ... haha ... honestly , i think only a particular sort of mind ( namely a male one ) could read between the lines like this . i am sorry to disappoint , but it was most unconsciously done . oddly enough , ... hahaha , you're right that i don't really know what i want , but wrong that you can't help me . the ne hardly ever knows what it wants . i sort of take in all the possibilities at once an then prod each ... you have a christian quote in your signature , so , going with that theme , there's a difference between the sinner and the sin . was jesus crazy for absolving the adulteress from her sins even though ... originally ( as in the christmas cards ) , i wanted him to know that i had forgiven him and that i still cared / missed him . read into that what you may ; it was honestly meant , although , in retrospect , ... no idea . thank you again for your perspective . honestly , i think anything i do in terms of contacting him ( even christmas cards ) could be misconstrued as emotional infidelity--by him or my ... : shocked : haha . thank you for the honesty . also , thank you for the emotional perspective . honestly , - - we've never had sex . we've never even kissed . we had ... '