' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGXaLdVMwRU my two major relationships have been with an estp and an infj , so i can't help you here . i have heard that enfps tend to get along best with intp , intj and infj though ? maybe it's just a natural ... i'd have to say for me personally no . but i've long suspected that has much more to do with reasons other than my personality type . i'm an enfp , not at all religious . my parents used to take me to church when i was younger , but that was mostly because they were being pressured by their parents to do so . once i was old enough to ... bars , bookstores , anywhere with live music . i spend a lot of time in public parks reading , even if i'm not looking to interact with other people , i like being in the vicinity of others . i avoid ... * i'm * being passive aggressive ? no one actually knows what that means any more , do they ? anyway , i get it now . lol . sorry , i didn't realize i was feeding a troll . this man was such a huge part of my childhood . i'm very , very sorry to hear of his death . i knew that he had some substance abuse issues , but i had no idea he was as depressed as he was . i feel for ... summerswitch you're not an enfp or enfj or any other type , you're you first and foremost . if you aren't happy about being yourself , that's one thing , but don't come in here and try to pawn off the ... way , way , way more emotional . i'm not very comfortable with physical contact for some reason . nothing all that terrible has ever happened to me , i've just never been touchy-feeley . even when i'm in a ... what ? i don't think there would be a story here if the guy didn't take a good photograph . nice to meet you ! :D i'd be interested in the theory behind this , too . i'm almost certainly an enfp , i've done enough poking and prodding into my own personality and the ideologies behind others to be pretty sure about ... he's conventionally attractive , mark zuckerberg isn't . a lot of people can be incredibly superficial , and when there is pretty much 0 % chance ( or danger ) of running into either of them on the street , ... i'm pretty comfortable naked , provided i've got everything well-groomed and squared away . :p i've been to nude beaches and i'm happy to go topless in countries where it's generally accepted . i ... lol , like yourself some car crash tv ? :p lol ! i wish being an enfp guaranteed an easy life . your statement is a bit general . enfps can get very stressed very easily about a lot of things . life isn't always accommodating to us , i've found ... i remember you too ! thanks ! i'm glad i'm not totally lost in a sea of strange , new usernames . :D i'm not proud of it , but my flight response is very acute . if i'm overwhelmed , overstimulated or just plain over something , i drop it . sometimes it works out fine and keeps me moving forward , but ... i notice when people are talking to me , i think ? i do sometimes have trouble with context , though . i tend to miss it completely and conversation can confuse me a bit because of that . hey ! so , i've been mia for the better part of , what , a year ? two ? if you don't know me , ( is there anyone left who does ? ) my name is kelly and i'm an enfp 6w7 ... probably ... ;) anyway , i thought i would ... i've always felt he was an enfp . i relate very , very strongly to his apparent thought patterns . can't get enough of the guy , really . most of my friends think he's annoying , though . sounds about ... yeah , it's been ... maybe a year since i last posted properly ? ages , anyway ! thanks for the wb ! :D don't get them wet , or feed them after midnight ! i've always found that my ability to socialize well has been directly tied to my confidence in myself , not my personality type . when i was younger , i was incredibly awkward and ... weird . i kind of did ... hi ! i haven't posted here in aeons , which wasn't intentional , but there you go . i'm hoping to get back into the swing of things with perc , but i'm guessing most of the people i knew have either ... deadpool , i imagine if i were a villain , i'd be like deadpool . i mean , if you're going to be a dick , you might as well have fun with it . i had exactly the same trouble in primary school . i was lucky that i had a friend i was incredibly close to , we both took the abuse , and managed to ignore it for the most part . i'm not sure what i ... be supportive . be supportive even when whatever it is you're supporting seems like folly . discuss your concerns about her friend with her , and make sure she truly understands why you have those ... i've had three full-time jobs with pretty good job security , wages and benefits . the first was as an administrative assistant at a job placement agency , the second was an administrative assistant at ... i have a terrible tendency to fall for estps , terrible terrible . not that estps are inherently terrible , but they're terrible for me . i always find myself wishing i could come up with some of the incredible ideas other people seem to pull out of thin air . i require a lot of external input to get myself in a creative state of mind ; ... i do think it's possible for enfps to be misdiagnosed as adhd , but then , i think it's possible for a lot of kids to be misdiagnosed as adhd . it seems to me that the line is very blurry between just ... i know us enfps are meant to be all kinds of empathetic and stuff , but do you ever have trouble with empathy ? granted , i may be wayyy over thinking things ( i tend to do that > . > ) , but sometimes i ... haha , i thought the same thing . i was going to disagree ! welcome to the forums ! enjoy yourself ! :D hello infp ! i don't know what this forum needs , but my life needs many , many more of you ! my best friend is an estj , but i think we're the exception rather than the rule . i am more naturally drawn to nts , their brains fascinate me . i don't know if i'll ever get married . i'd like someone to spend the rest of my life with , but whether that's a husband , common-law partner , long-term relationship , best friend , or whatever , i ... who said anything about fear ? te ... i still don't completely understand . my si , i do use , especially when it comes to music . music makes me incredibly nostalgic . don't text . call . seriously . every guy that texts me , i just ignore ... but a phone call ... these days , it's not only easier to connect with someone on a more personal level through a phone call , ... i agree with most of what ace face said . it takes me aaages to trust someone enough to actually let them into my life in a relationship way , but once i do , i'm by far the more invested of the ... your username is socioapathetic . :p and i , for one , wouldn't necessary class those traits as negative . i need to talk about everything . sometimes , when i'm really stressed or worried about something , i'll go into hiding and just wait for it to go away , but sooner or later , i'll need to tell someone , ... that's exactly what it is ! lol . i never really know what i'm talking about when i start , but then half way through , something clicks , and i win the conversation . :p haha , i'd like to see him have five kids and stay at the weight he was when he was married . why can't i ever start anything i finish ? ( i assume you mean finish anything you start ... because otherwise , i'm not sure how you could ! ) because the beginning is full of so many possibilities , while ... i tend to get paranoid sometimes , especially when it comes to my job . i love it , but occasionally i feel as though i annoy the living bejeezus out of all the more practical people who work with me ... i overslept badly ... i feel icky now ... :( i lead a team at work , and i feel i get a good response from them . i'm great with the people stuff , but not so much with the day-to-day operational side of things . i work on a team of four managers ... nah , i don't really have any volume control what-so-ever . the only time i'm ever really quietish is when i'm around people who are much louder and more dominant than me , which really doesn't happen ... '