' hmm ... in terms of enhancing your mature , i would suggest you should learn to constantly screen everything you say or post for errors , so as to prevent your absent-mindedness from letting you make ... quasi-identical relations between psychological ( personality ) types these are relations u200bof major misunderstanding . quasi-identical partners can interact with each other in a more or less ... radiation . i used to be terrified of it - it's totally invisible , totally unnoticeable , and totally deadly . i read up on radiation sickness and the interim period ... being healthy but knowing that ... when i was five and a little bit , i decided once and for all that i was going to find out if santa was real . i then proceeded to tell my mum , very firmly , that i would check for her that santa did ... yes , and i think it stems from hay fever . it's definitely not lack of sleep . humble ? me ? i think you have the wrong person . but yes , that might be a good idea . wouldn't want people thinking i'm arrogant ... that would be a total disaster ! you want a thinker to explain to you how feeling works ? a little counter-productive , don't you think ? nevertheless , i shall attempt to translate . introverted feeling ( fi ) generates an internal ... ni : hey te ? te : what is it ? ni : what would happen if you divided by zero ? te : nobody knows . but you can think of it like timesing by infinity . ni : but what would it do ? te : i'm not sure . ni : ... 9/10 visual illusions are my sort of thing . haha , no . in order to lock myself out the house i would have to leave it . 7/10 i wouldn't choose it for my avi , but it looks cool all the same . several scientists were given a question . what is two plus two ? the engineer gets out his compass , ruler , and pencil , and after spending ten minutes getting his answer to the best possible ... i can't choose . i just can't . if i had the power to make a creation of imagination into reality , no limits , then ... i wouldn't be able to choose . there is just so much stuff out there and in my mind ... all my reports went something like this ... your child has developed an exceptional understanding of the topic . while at times they can seem reluctant to participate , their test scores clearly ... scientists invent particles that will let you live without breathing give us a few more years . we still need to deal with the problem of removing the waste co2 . ^ note the smilies . ah .. aaah ... achoo ! and thus , the universe was formed . i don't . i stay inside . . . ok , maybe i do a little . mostly , i just let them do the talking - while i imagine what it would be like if i owned a massive laser blaster ... ... ... ... sorry , ... when the phrase ' bored out of your mind ' seems the complete opposite of what it should be . shouldn't it be ' bored into your mind ' ? when you use loads of dashes and brackets in your writing , so the ... sort of infinite shadowy place filled with blackness and shifting silver lines .. / except not all of it , cause i'm not in there all the time . white bubble , maybe ? nah , not bubble , semicircular dome ... taking gcses , so pre high school i guess ? not really sure how it correlates . thank you . i cannot speak for anyone else here , but i am interested in why people mistype . my feelings are not hurt , nor do i have a dire wish to help the ' false ' intjs to find their true type . it is merely ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD5fBpqOSj8 dear ni . shut . up . i am trying to concentrate , dammit . sincerely , te . * raises hand * i don't call people , or text them . if somebody wants something from me , they are the one to initiate contact . problem solved . and if i am left alone , if nobody phones , then that's ... anybody here played ghost trick ? powers of the dead all the way for me . i'd take any kind . ( fyi , powers of the dead give you effective immortality ( your body is frozen at the moment of death ) , ... accurate reflection of my mood atm . 9/10 . ' geniuses ' . it's ' genii ' . obviously you're not one . i can tolerate other mistakes , but this one just seems so incompetent to me . i don't care much what others think i look like . to be honest , i don't really care what i look like at all ( beyond the basic things , because i prefer to fade into the background and not stick out ... cheh . why would the lightbulb even need changing ? it's not like we wouldn't have a backup lighting system that would switch on automatically if the first one fails . every lamp post would have a multitude of tiny dents in it where people have walked into it while thinking about something else . of the eight cognitive functions , the only one which does not share a name witht the symbol for a periodic table element is fi . the rest are : fe - iron ti - titanium te - tellurium si - silicon ... my puns are horrible . but , my poetry is verse . ok , just press ctrl + v and post what comes up . you can offer an explanation of why is is what it is , but you don't have to . i'll start . you know when someone who is 21 has a birthday , they turn ... ok , here's my input . * cracks knuckles * this is heavily based off the 8 page link posted earlier in the thread , so no accusations of plagiarism please . - - - si as dominant - internalises ... you know you're an introvert when you always use headphones when you use a computer , even if you're not listening to anything , because : 1 ) it helps muffle background noise . 2 ) people are much less ... '