' sorry , all . i've been bogged down with work , and haven't been checking the thread regularly . this is a very interesting perspective . i hadn't thought of it this way , but i think opening up to ... ugh ! lol impossible to even contemplate , but she does need a lesson , clearly . she did it yet again even after that fat , block-lettered note ( which she's left taped to her door , for reasons best ... i don't know who dr . house is , but yeah , i'd describe myself as very energetic and fairly dynamic . i've been that way from a very young age . i think this might be more influenced by one's ... fe ! i could say so much about my experiences with people who have this as a dominant or auxiliary function , but i hardly know where to begin . they strike me as insincere , manipulative , and very , ... with great difficulty and sorely tried patience . honestly , i'm still trying to figure this out myself . i look forward to seeing what's worked for others . i've never been stuck dealing with mainly ... i don't know . i tend to be clueless about that stuff , as others have said . in any case , i'm very selective , so unless he's already got my attention , precious little will come of it . and if he does , i ... most intriguing . hmm . several , actually . i don't know about favorites , but i've always been fascinated by these : entj , intj ( yeah , so what ? ) , infp , infj . ti also intrigues me in itself . and ne , i ... what is your myers briggs type ? intj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? ( attracted to in what sense ? i answered in the loose sense . ) entj , intj , infj which are the myers ... intj many ... hard rock , e . g . , metallica classic rock , e . g . , tom petty techno , especially industrial . instrumental , e . g . , einaudi , helen jane long . dreamy-type folk stuff - enya , anuna , ... i hadn't thought of hsp , but i'll have to look into it again . i did a short test once and got negative results , but i might try a more formal assessment . from what i know , they do seem more prone to ... philosophy , spirituality ( who or what one worships , since everyone worships something in a certain sense ) , psychology , and how these find expression ( especially inevitably and unconsciously ) in any ... i've always had really high energy levels , which i think is attributable to my type in part ( at least , i've often heard that it's correlated with high intelligence ) , and resting has always been a bit ... how do they affect you ? i don't even know what mine are , or not their stack order . but i know that for years now i haven't been feeding my ne properly in a lot of the things that interest me most , ... thanks . this was much more than a release of emotion , though . i didn't describe the mystical experiences , but they were not that . the release was what followed ( and , in june , partially preceded ) .  ... i was always an introvert . most of my personality was pretty pronounced from a very young age , and it's remained largely stable ( though of course i've grown a lot , psychologically as well as in other ... intj not quite certain . reasons : i was raised in christianity , and practicing christians ( of almost any stripe ) continue to be one of the most convincing bodies of evidence against the truth of ... intj . 1 . i don't mind being the center of attention . i actually enjoy it sometimes . 2 . i love ( though not exclusively ) really emotional music , art , and sometimes , literature and movies . 3 . i ... i think it speaks volumes that so many people who have taken the path most traveled feel compelled to attack / ridicule / vilify / warn off those who don't want to . misery loves company . i'm sure ... i have this problem , too . i think instead of trying to change your perspective ( which is rooted in who you are ) , you might try finding more interesting people who you can actually spend time with ... oh . my . fucking . god . this obscene creature . after throwing away all her shit , she finally did start cleaning up around the kitchen ... only to start leaving blood on the toilet seat , and open , used ... mysticism . long post - please bear with me . i don't know who to go to about this , other than maybe some kind of religious leader , but i don't even know which religion . there's no one i trust who ... stormgirl , yes , unfortunately , i think you've hit the nail on the head . even at the very beginning before she unfurled her sickness on me , i could see that she was weirdly aggressive . the least ... she leaves urine on the toilet seat . seriously . this isn't some old lady with dementia , either , it's a college student in her early twenties . no mental retardation , no drug use , no possible medical ... yes , but i've pretty much always regretted it . first of all , their logic is absurd . i don't know how you might get them to stop , except maybe try to give them a history lesson in pop music and culture ( if you feel like it's worth it to go to that ... well , yeah , it does sound awful . and since you said they're only behaving this way toward these two women but not the white employees , it does seem like racism . however , since the women themselves ... it sounds racist to me , too . is there a supervisor you can go to who isn't a part of this dynamic ? and what about the women themselves ? do you know if they believe it to be racist discrimination ? the river murders . pretty good , but it could've been a whole lot better if it had relied less on shock value and focused more on the drama . it had a really interesting plot , and they just didn't ... this is a really shitty way for a father to talk to his daughter . don't go along with his plans to put you on drugs ... that sounds really extreme ( and profoundly ignorant ) anyway . your behavior is a ... as others have said , some people might take up a habit like this in order to gain social acceptance . people can do things for all kinds of different reasons , even if it goes against their own nature ... to the op's question , my answer , based on my own observations , is no . i think most people put on a false face , but underneath it , they're neither happy nor satisfied . the more they have invested in ... what is an emotional affair ? i can see why someone would be upset by their so falling for someone else , even if they didn't do anything about it , but assuming there's nothing romantic or sexual ... i've wondered about this , too . i have noticed that several of the people i know , of various types , had clear childhood factors that could've influenced their development . but , as someone else said , ... most of the entjs i've known have had the op's problems with a short fuse . however , i knew one that had a truly beautiful ... no , actually , kind of scary self-discipline . this was in part due to severe ... i don't volunteer personal information about myself unless people ask . and then they accuse me of being secretive about myself , and being outspoken in other areas , and focusing on intellectual ... i don't think having trust issues has much to do with being a feeler vs . a thinker . i'm betting life experiences and one's early childhood environment have much more to do with that kind of thing ... road to perdition had an ending i'd describe as bittersweet . it didn't ruin the movie for me , because i sort of excised it from the rest of the story in my mind . what i didn't like was that the ... i voted happy . most of the time , i'm on an even keel , but when i do have seemingly inexplicable feelings , they're usually moving me up instead of down . i didn't have a happy childhood , but since ... i've always gravitated toward action flicks , too . i had a comm class where we had to do a group assignment analyzing the relationship dynamics in a movie . cluelessly , i suggested movies like con-air ... intj . my pain tolerance is pretty high , but on the other hand , i have a rather low tolerance for physical irritation . i've never been sure why . as for sensitivity , i'm not sure what the question is ... he definitely sounds like an entj , or maybe even an estj , but not an intj . i'm sorry things aren't working out between you , but from your elaboration on the situation , it seems like some distance ... did the psychologist administer the test , in therapy ? that's very interesting . i was going to say , i could see him as either intj or entj , but i've never heard that entjs tend to be extremely lonely ... people who try to drown other people in goo , especially when they claim to know what's inside me better than i do . disingenuousness . insincerity . cowardly types who try to win and argument by ... i don't know about worst , but a few terrible ones : war of the worlds ( tom cruise version ) terminator 3 she gets what she wants ( i'm embarrassed even to have watched it , but i didn't have my ... i've always had this problem . part of it stems from the fact that i neither relate to nor get the creatures who do fit the stereotypes . which is probably why i have more male than female friends ... certain kinds of people do find me intimidating , but i find this to be more of a problem with other women than with men . this was not the case in the religious ( evangelical ) environment in which i ... i've always tended to be very utilitarian about social norms and regulations : keep what works , chuck what doesn't . this is so true , unfortunately . you would think that a country on the forefront of science and technology would have committed doctors who always practice with integrity and wisdom , putting their ... yikes . i'm a little disappointed with dell , actually . i've had major issues with their computers in the past , which is why i stuck to hp for so long . but people kept telling me how great their ... apology quite accepted . :) though i disagree with you on several points , you hit the nail on the head with the conflict of interest problem in the us : doctors do get compensated , sometimes ... '