' this is why it's so difficult to explain ni . he could have painted something if he thought of every line , but it most probably wouldn't be as good . he searched for something inside him that would ... close but no cigar . i'm a little more down south from a tiny country known as belgium ( little for americans , big for europeans ) . i'm a scientific researcher and work a lot with big , epidemiological data . i was in search of myself after i graduated from college with a psychology and management degree , hopping some jobs and ... if you talk about things he likes just to please him he'll sense this . istp's aren't manipulated very easily , because they know it all too well . just be yourself , talk about things you want to talk ... there's a quote in ex machina who also reminded me of this . they're talking about a painting of jackson pollock to explain the difference between a . i . and humans . he didn't think about every line or ... se is a very conscious function . the epitome of se to me is almost like a computer , gathering every input and processing it , not missing anything . while ni is more like a natural flow , a gut ... interesting , does it have anything to do with meditation ? and to go all theoretic again , isn't this all about your ni developing and making us istp's to a certain degree unstoppable ( i . e . bruce ... ah the old estp-istp discussion ! i've had big doubts about them myself , even going towards entp-infp-enfp . but now i've never been so sure about my type . i could still be wrong ( always critical ) but ... that's exactly my point ² and people who say they don't like it just don't know it yet . i have this theory about stuff like that : astrology , religion , etc . it's not logical to believe in it , but some people use their intuition , it just feels right to them . that's why i think nf ... wow , no problem thank you very much ! are you sure you're not nf ? ;) i'll definitely look into it further now that you enlightened me with this material . you mean ti - se - ni - fe for istp ? do i regard the non dominant functions as something i have to work on or are these also a strength but not as explicit as the dominant function ? do you ... this is exactly how i feel ! thanks for your input . fortunately since i have a love for physiology i don't like to tear up bodies ;) but i was always really interested in anatomy class seeing real ( dead obviously ) bodies in ... sometimes you get these isolated periods in life , you're not alone . i also had it in college . it's because you make a decision for yourself if it's worthy to go outside to spend your energy on or ... nope , not really into that . but for instance , i am very much interested in human physiology and how it all works together . i can imagine a car being run through a motor giving force to wheels etc ... yeah , thing is i'm not really into theory ; if things get too abstract or i can't relate to it on a personal , experienced level i lose interest . i'm also very much in the moment and se just seems ... haha ok , good to know ! and i actually tried to keep it short and simple . isn't writing a skill of the istp though or more n related ? edit : kinda boring day at the office , so that's probably the ... hi there , sooo i'm back here after a long hiatus and randomly got interested in personality types again ( you know how it goes :) ) i'd like to know if there are actually istp's here who aren't ... the thing is , when he talks , there's absolutely no emotion involved at all . you can look up some interview clips on youtube or something . he's very analytical and logical . i know a lot of music ... hey everyone . i'm interested in your opinion about the personality type of techno-rock-rave-dj star moby . i saw a documentary of him last night and i couldn't quite get him . the dimensions i'm ... welcome to the fun ooowkaaay i'm up for the challenge ! : laughing : i recognise this too ! it's like you've done so much thinking about possible outcomes and put so much time in it , that you know it can never be your fault if something goes wrong . it can never be our ... it's funny isn't it . girls want what they can't have . real recognisable here . if i'm around a girl i really like , i tend to come off rather reserved and afraid of doing something wrong . with girls i ... see , if i don't really like someone , i honestly get away from this person , not too them . you should try it sometimes . while you were out with this girl you didn't like you may have missed an ... meaningless sex , what does that even mean ? like having sex with someone you don't have feelings for ? but still , wanting to have sex with someone , isn't that a positive feeling towards a ... that looks awesome i love girls who dress like this . i hate make-up and dresses and all that beauty queen behaviour . a natural look comes off to me as way more beautiful and real . if i'd be a girl i guess i would ... so to answer your questions : 1 ) i know her best friend a little bit , rather say we're just acquaintances , but i don't see her often since she moved out of the country now for a big vacation . the ... to me any help is welcome , any opinion matters . that doesn't mean i'm giving her 100 % credit . to me it's more like a 30 % chance there may be emotional abuse in this situation , since there are a ... i did think about her being an infp , since she comes off as a rather dreamy person which is a typical trait for an nf . or she's just tired of doing all this stuff :p . it could well be she's an infp , ... ok so he comes off as an abusive partner . there are a lot of things that are recognisable here . new things i thought about when reading the list : they also seem to live with him most of the time . she ... - you find this thread to be enormously interesting but still don't make it past page 8 because there's even more and new interesting information available somewhere else . - you're constantly ... i understand . just don't get what superduperman means by the slow movement , food type :p never heard about these 2 types . what do you mean by food and slow movement and the other one , it doesn't make any sense :p i don't really get what you're saying here but , i thought about it and decided to go slow like you all suggested and i'm not letting her know my feelings . the accidentaly bumping into idea seems ... don't worry , i greatly appreciate your opinion and again it was very interesting to read . i understand it will be very hard to get her out of this ( as far as we suspect ) abusive relationship . i ... you mean the cocky but funny method : laughing : i'll see what i can do , as i said , it's just very hard ( almost impossible ) to talk to her but i'll wait and hope the moment comes along . i actually ... it's actually very weird , but i like this girl so much i haven't even thought about having sex with her ! i just want to be with her , get to know her , have a good time . never had this before , it's ... thank you for your post , was a very interesting read . i also feel like i'm seeing things that maybe she can't see , since i'm an n . it's very probable she has an attachment issue , but since i ... hmmm , so it seems i'm running out of options then : frustrating : well , how would you react if someone you knew from the past and see every week but barely talk to suddenly left you a positive , charming note by your car ? would you find it weird ? would you find it ... ha good idea and sounds fun , but maybe a little weird that i all of a sudden try to scare the crap out of her and have a laugh with her . maybe something that let's her also know i'm interested in her ... i think she would like that ! well i got to know her as a friend of an ex-girlfriend . not the best situation i know but they aren't really close friends or anything . nowadays i only see her twice a ... well maybe i'd introduce her to it if i know her a little better . hm actually if i know her well enough it's very probable i got her attention so it isn't necessary anymore to know her type ... haha now that would be weird : laughing : well actually this is all the information i have of her , says enough she's definitely an introvert . but the image of an isfp all round matches with her a ... well , that sounds like her allright and that's what i love about her : wink : appreciation , allright , guess i can compliment her about something to get a conversation started . but it's still a big ... '