' i really didn't like stannis on the show , especially not after agreeing to let melisandre burn his own daughter at the fucking steak ! again , i don't think it was the actor's fault , but d & d's and the ... but as i was saying before , this show was made for an audience of strong se-dom / aux users . however , as an isfp , myself , i get highly irritated by the inconsistencies , the meaningless rape scenes ... yeah , i agree . tv robert baratheon was a decent guy , just too obnoxious , and not all that bright . renly was sort of on the shallow side , but i didn't think he was an idiot . just not the best ruler ... oh , robert annoyed me . he was kind of funny , but he was a loud , obnoxious , and brash idiotic estp . i liked his little brother , renly baratheon , though . the more that i think about it , he could have ... i almost forgot about daario naharis , missandei , khal drogo , visereys targaryen , grey worm , shae , ros , and prince oberyon . daario naharis : estp grey worm : istp ( maybe ... i'm not sure ) ... yep , i'm in my junior / senior year of college now , and i've gotten better . however , i'll still feel a tendency to slack off and be lazy from time to time . i'm getting an english major with a music ... on the hbo tv series : jon snow : isfp arya stark : isfp sansa stark : isfj brandon bran stark : istp i'm almost halfway through with the first book , and i'm almost done watching the fourth season of the show . here's what i think all of the main characters on the show are , though , since i'm not quite ... what kind of manipulation ? like motivational speech manipulative ? i can do it on paper , but not in front of people . like , batman gambit manipulation where someone pulls one over on a group of people ... he does , which is exactly why i finally walked out on the walking dead midway through season seven . glenn was the best character on the show for me , the last main one left with any room for character ... the thing is that i don't really see inferior te in michonne , and she doesn't really seem to have some sort of personal values system . she bonds quickly with andrea , rick , and carl , which seems like ... i mean , i'm an isfp , and i've cheated on exams in high school and college , and gotten away with it a few moments in the desperation of the moment on a few occasions , even though i knew that it was ... • rick : istj • carl : istp • glenn : infj • maggie : istj • beth : isfp • hershel : enfj • daryl : istp • carol : a really hardened isfj • michonne : isfj with ptsd • lori : isfj peter griffin : a really , really stupid enfp lois griffin : esfj chris griffin : a really dumb isfp meg griffin : infp stewie griffin : intj brian griffin : intp glen quagmire : estp cleveland ... i just want to get my english ba degree in college and get it over with asap with the best possible results . can you give me advice ? also , my mom wonx 92t pay for more than one extra semester , and shex 92s ... i just want to get my english ba degree in college and get it over with asap with the best possible results . can you give me advice ? also , my mom wonx 92t pay for more than one extra semester , and ... i just want to get my english ba degree in college and get it over with asap with the best possible results . can you give me advice ? also , my mom won't pay for more than one extra semester , and ... i'm an isfp , and i love this show ! it's hilarious how increasingly obnoxious and stupid dennis , dee , mac , charlie , and frank get over the course of the series , and most of the recurring characters ... i didn't see the asm or homecoming reboots , but i did see the original trilogy with tobey maguire as peter parker / spider-man . i saw honest trailers for asm on youtube , and they seemed to pale in ... i grew up with the tobey maguire spider-man movies , and i loved them all . yes , they were campy . yeah , mj was kind of a bitch . yeah , the third one kind of character-assassinated peter parker , but the ... usually most fj men . tate langdon-american horror story kurt hummel-glee harry potter-harry potter series princess aurora-sleeping beauty huck finn-huckleberry finn sally-nightmare before christmas luke ... nope . it's always been my weakest academic subject . i'm an isfp . i'm an isfp , and here's what i scored : your scores are : care 72.2 % fairness 80.6 % loyalty 38.9 % authority 58.3 % purity 83.3 % liberty 47.2 % your strongest moral foundation is purity . enfp . she sees a symbol of a whole world above for each thing in her collection ( ne-dom ) . she has a lot of values when it comes to her freedom of choice , finding love , and wanting to be a part of the ... isfp true neutral your characterx 92s alignment based on your answers to the quiz , your characterx 92s most likely alignment is neutral . neutral a neutral character does what seems to be a good ... i loved watching that show ! malcolm : intp reese : estp dewey : infp francis : enfp hal : esfp lois : estj heathcliff : intj catherine earnshaw : enfp hindley earnshaw : estp hareton earnshaw : isfj edgar linton : esfj isabelle linton : isfp cathy linton : enfp , just like her mom . ellen nelly dean : isfj anne : enfp diana : esfj gilbert : isfj in the books and in the 1980s and 2000s films . in the new anne with an ' e ' netflix series , he is an estp , but otherwise he is generally portrayed as an isfj , ... i stopped watching after s5 because the writing just felt too god-awful for me to enjoy anymore , though i kept up with spoilers for rumbelle . what i read about happening to them in 6a did not make me ... well , really any type could be extraordinarily lazy , but i'd say isfps and istps . anne : infp or enfp . it really depends on the version , but it's always one of those two . diana : esfj gilbert : isfj ( in the new anne with an ' e ' netflix series , he is an estp , but otherwise he is ... belle seems like the infp to me . she's big on her heroism , and can be idealistic to a fault ( fi-dom ) . because the show's writing is shit , they had to go and turn everyone against rumple , including ... jane eyre - infp mr . edward rochester - entj , i could see unhealthy enfj , too because jane constantly describes him as being deeply passionate and loving . however , he seems to exert control over ... i watched those , and i fell in love : i think anne ( megan follows ) is more enfp than infp . the anne played by amybeth mcnulty in the netflix series anne with an ' e ' seems like she could be infp , ... my favorites have always been rumple and belle , and my main ship has always been rumbelle . however , the blantant and shallow moral hypocrisy between rumple and every other character turned me off ... mostly straight . sometimes , i'll feel compelled to look at other women and find them attractive , but i always regard the feelings with a sense of personal distaste and discomfort . i'm totally ... i actually really suck with the long descriptions of sensory details and personal feelings in my writing , unless i'm writing them down as they happen or as i'm feeling them in the moment , and even ... i actually really suck with the long descriptions of sensory details and personal feelings in my writing , unless i'm writing them down as they happen or as i'm feeling them in the moment , and even ... i'm an isfp , and i can be pretty argumentative with my close family and friends , my grandparents act like i'm good at it , but i'm not . i just say things like , that's an injustice , or that's mean , ... i've always gotten isfp , but i had a tendency to share things inappropriately with other people back in school when i was a kid and in my teens . most of the time , i just tried to avoid the other ... spongebob squarepants s1 - s3 was a big part of my childhood . after that i grew up , the writing started to suck , and i stopped watching . here are my guesses : spongebob : esfj patrick : istp squidward : ... i was born on 7/6 / 1995 , so i'm a lobster the life of a person born under the sign of lobster can be complex and emotional - but only on the inside . like their animal namesake , members of this sign ... it really depends on how well i know the person . if it's a close family member or friend , i'll stick up for myself , and immediately call them out on whatever shit they've said or done to piss me off ... same ! i'm good at remembering facts all the time ! although , my memory's not good enough to remember my credit card number off the top of my head . yeah , i sound like isfp . spoiler warning : personally , i finally gave up on the show after 7a ended because i just couldn't get past glenn's death on the show , negan is the most boring one-note villain ever ( the governor was ... spongebob-esfj patrick-istp squidward : i used to think intj , but maybe he's a depressed isfp who's stuck in an fi-ni loop , and who hasn't properly developed his se . mr . krabs : estj sandy : esfp ... but yeah , he's a feeler , just not an fe type because he has too little regard for the feelings of other people to be one . he's a psychopathic isfp in a fi-ni loop that makes him often think that ... isfp : your empathy quotient score was 35 out of a possible 80 . scores above 30 are generally not indicitive of an autism spectrum disorder . i really don't like the way that these test questions ... '