' just gonna leave this here as reinforcement for the enfp assessment : ( from his website ) technology is infused into the world of will.i.am as an essential element . it powers everything that he ... shard lepus i laughed when i read that yeah i just realized while viewing previous pages of this thread that i had thought your infj 9w1 assessment made sense when i originally saw it . thanks for the personality pathways link , i hadn't ... he says uhh to pause because he wants to make sure he phrases his thoughts properly . on the contrary extraverted judging dominants tend to think as they speak and are more likely to sound ... reverence one part of you dreams of giving yourself up – perhaps just for a while – to a hero or mentor . in the right circumstances you can flourish by letting go of your ego . in your inner life , ... dunno if it's impossible but definitely less likely than other types . ( one thing to keep in mind is that hitler tends to be typed infj ( believe it or not he initially wanted to be a painter or a ... i appreciate this analysis , thanks ( three years later ) . i'd sort of agreed with stellar maze's contention that john was an intj - - he definitely has valued fi - - but since i have always related ... i think he's just a relatively outspoken infj . i used to agree with stellar maze's argument that he's an isfj but now i think it's much more likely that he's an n . the reason enfj doesn't make ... hey _ionic , awesome that you've researched more into this topic . wanting friends and companions who support you and help you be more confident in yourself is a totally healthy , normal human ... i see isfp yearn alright fuck me . so this'll look really stupid but after spending like a cumulative 15 hours arguing for taylor being isfp i'm going to cosign the collective esfj assessment . i think i was ... star tripper mistakenforstranger good arguments . i'm not convinced of fe but i'm not positive about fi either despite all the arguments for it that i've made . i hear your point ... i've provided an extensive argument explaining why , pages 113-14 . alas the battle goes on . : wink : taylor is very personable , but her tone of voice and mannerisms are ( in my view ) consistently ... dude that's fine , that's your prerogative . but literally the entire point of this thread , and many other threads on this forum , are to classify people regardless of whether they want to figure ... then why are you on a forum all about classifying people according to subjective observations ( i . e . armchair bullshit opinions ) ? hey man . i know he's a person . and i actually don't mind him ... sure no prob . the main point of that last post of mine was just that trump has a personality disorder , so that influences the manifestation of any of the personality theory criteria , both mbti and ... partly because ted cruz is a te dom rather than an se dom , but primarily because donald trump has narcissistic personality disorder . and whenever trump lashes out ( which is constantly ) he's ... sorry , post removed . yeah i'm back to esfp . i think jonah has inferior ni . he's an infp . kristen's an isfp . i'll second intp entp in socionics the 6th function ( opposite in attitude of the auxiliary ) , called the demonstrative , is just as strong as the dominant despite being unvalued ; so it always shows itself in a quirky kind ... fur da record infps can be badass debaters . : angry :: cool : at this point i agree with enfp for louis . leaning isfj . alright i get that you guys are getting annoyed at my posts at this point but oneee more argument . the first 10 seconds of this interview ( below ) , if i didn't know anything about her , i might guess ... if she wasn't being invited to parties it's largely because she didn't fit in with her peers so they didn't invite her . people with dominant fi tend to not fit in as readily and be more lonely than ... chill dude , we're on the same side here . i've done a whole lot of reading on this stuff . yes , i've heard this too . i agree that trauma disorders are a spectrum and that it's not clear-cut ... sorry , you're right that i failed to specify . i was referring to all the cluster b personality disorders : histrionic , borderline , narcissistic , and antisocial ( all of which are on the pathological ... you mean like this ? for me the last two years of my life has been ... i've been more fascinated with discovering who i actually am and what i actually want ... living my life on my own terms and ... i'm an infp 2w1 . i'm 20 years old . i have dominant introverted feeling , and i was a hardcore people-pleaser my entire childhood . always considering how my actions affect those around me .. feeling ... sorry to be posting another kristen stewart video in taylor's forum , but i find this very telling : at 0:13 she says , most people find emotion or .. overwhelming feeling to be a weakness . and i ... it's just a little whip of my inferior te for ya . :] but i'm sure you did love it . cuz you know what it's called when you deliberately provoke someone by telling them they're wildly incorrect ... you evidently didn't actually read my post , nor watch the videos . many people with a dominant introverted function call themselves extroverts , and many people with a dominant extroverted function ... throughtheroses kittty industrialclef infjalltheway amaranthine katemess ziggy stardust x ai.tran . 75 nebulous guys ... you weren't rambling at all , that was a great description . yeah man , i can say ( as long as you're not exaggerating , and i know you're not ) , without question , she does have npd . this - - whenever an ... well the first step would be to understand the disorder and how it brainwashes people . it's a total mindfuck - - it doesn't mean your mom has no positive traits , but it does mean that she likely will ... hey , don't mean to be an ass but this is definitely not always the case . parents who genuinely have personality disorders give no fucks about their children's well being ( they'll pretend they do , but ... yeah honestly when i thought about it again i could see that also being ni .. urgg , haha . i'm thinkin sometime soon i should take a break from typology and come back to it with a fresh mind cuz i can ... hey man , this is pure speculation here , but it sounds like your mom could possibly have narcissistic personality disorder ( npd ) , if she's always starting shit with you and purposefully making you ... true , but more in a get off your lazy ass and get to work way , or a do it my way beause my way is right way , than in an absurd way that makes others laugh . my mom's an esfp and she is nowhere ... her sense of humor is too sharp and cutting to be esfp . enfjs are more like this , and they also value se so that makes them similar to esfps in some ways i do detect the underlying judgmental rigidity , especially cuz the inferior ultimately always shows itself one way or another . i just can't do anything about it except keep pushing myself into fe for ... all of this . yeah , i recently met a 39 yo dude who's enfj and he told me he has panic disorder and gad , but i totally wouldn't have been able to know . at least without knowing him well . he's a super ... i see enfp 6 years 9 months later , and i just want to say ... blgaaa thank you . holy damn do i relate to this . awesome . although you also may be more slick and cool than you give yourself credit for , if you tend to get self-conscious . i definitely feel that the people i've typed as enfjs in person , are pretty slick ... '