' reservoir dogs , kill bill , inglorious basterds . i need some variety in my movies ! they're all quentin tarantino films . i also really enjoy horror movies . just leave him alone . he's smart . he'll figure out that through time things will get better . he'll probably think about that girl a lot but he'll move on . there is literally nothing anyone can say to ... i don't understand your complete misuse of quotations but okay , here goes . marijuana actually helps some people . my sister has scoliosis and nerve damage so she is constantly in pain . ever since ... you are living my life . my mother is an esfj too and she is always taking offense as to why i'm constantly in my room . even when i'm doing something productive she will come in and try to guilt me ... estp's , entp's , and infp's i can usually do something someone else can do if they challenge me . i don't really get jealous , though . everyone has their ' thing . ' and it's important to understand that . i used to when i was ... what do you think about uma thurman ? i think she might be entp . also , i know exactly what you mean . move to north hollywood . just don't get addicted to meth and i think you should be fine , haha :) mmm ... filmmaking has always been about getting into the crowd . it's not a bad thing . you just need to know how to work people while still holding onto your creative vision . the people who are willing ... i could never do something like that nor would i want to . what i am interested in are the spots of writer / director . of course the director has much more pressure on him but i guess we intp's would ... i knew it . i'm an intp so i am not interested in acting but finally ... validation . anyway , you guys should become actors , most entp's i've met are fucking brilliant at it . aren't i ? you can't just walk down the street in something like that and expect not to get laid . being an intp is hard lol . no , i agree with graficcha . and your post wasn't unclear but it was a little misguided . i just don't like discussing and repeating myself , trying to make it clear for those who don't understand . ... i disagree with mostly everything you just said but okay . it's a difference in opinion and that's to be understood . 57985 usually something along these lines ... i have noticed there are more of you entp's in movies than there are in any other career i've observed . is acting something you guys are interested in or would be interested in or am i wrong ? ... we do have more of it . but potential doesn't matter unless something is made out of it . now we have all these moronic hard-working assholes out there thinking they're smart , screwing everything up , ... well , i believe it's us , the intj and the infp that waste the most potential . maybe not in that order but we're at the lowest level of it . i cry when ... uh ... ... ummm ... the day quentin tarantino stops making movies is a day i have planned to cry my eyes out . well i will only have kids if 1 . i have enough free money to raise them the way i'd want . 2 . if i were successful in my talents so they could grow up not having to watch someone work who ... haha , well . it's usually the extroverted feelers who cry their eyes out ... and that's mostly what they want . i hate this as well but i have noticed it works for other people . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=CSvFpBOe8eY the best thing to do is open up your arms to them . just because we are intp's doesn't mean we don't understand how to function in these situations . even if it feels extremely uncomfortable , i've ... you should definitely see a psychologist . but get a good one . i don't feel this way , i like working things out on my own . red or black , maybe . like i said , it's a matter of what you go by . you obviously don't take to the socionics theory of relationships , which is fine , but i do . only because the description of the relationships has been so ... the rum diary 57331 pulp fiction 57332 howl 57333 at least they're assertive with their opinion unlike the istj . goodness ... istj's are probably my least favorite type out of them all precisely because of that list you just made . they aren't big ... you sound like an isfp . i'm neither istp or isfp but welcome ! :) so , basically an istj . oh , that isn't an assumption . i actually have some intp friends that have done this . usually the intp's with a lack of obligation or a responsible / consequential atmosphere leave for weeks on end ... it depends on what you go by . estp and intp are relationships of semi-duality according to socionics , which is what i go by . the enfj is my supervisor . i have one for a mother so i think i know ... when you hate football . D: damn , we sound boring to you guys . i know what you mean , though . i kind of always felt that one sided fascination but maybe it's because you guys are so eager to go out and be active . all the ... it might but i definitely don't think estj when i think of the perfect partner . usually i think of estp or infp . i could never see myself being with an estj or any sj . the very thought makes me cringe . sleep and dream . that's fun . ;D they are extremely rebellious which is something i've always enjoyed about them . they're great at some discussions if you give them the time they need but they're also hard to talk to when it comes ... every single one i've known is a major emotional manipulator . am i wrong ? at first , they are the nicest , sweetest people you can meet , but then , when you really get to know them , it's a shit storm ... i'm actually not male , even if i were , that would still be hunter s . thompson in my avatar . if you've ever seen the movie fear and loathing then you might know . if not , i recommend it :) i know ... i would love to know an estp's perspective on intp's . i absolutely love estp's . they're by far my favorite type ( i'm not entirely sure why ) but i definitely feel it's a one sided type of interest ... i'm only kidding . i was trying to seem like the stereotypical intp . i'm actually not too awkward at all . but i guess that's just from my perspective . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=NRUBe2RTq74 i'm sorry but this movie was horrible in 3d . i went back to see it without 3d and it was much better . anyway , this is nice to ... you should definitely try hitchhiking sometime . it's an experience . and thanks for helping me out with my question by saying that . so intp's aren't just the stereotypical mad scientists . i can be but i don't like to stay there . you actually sound a lot like me . that's interesting , knowing there are people like me out there , ... for instance , i think i am an intp . i'm highly interested in literature , mathematics , art , people , physics and the world in general . i love reading and writing literature . i'm going to begin studying ... awesome . i got replies . thanks for the warm welcome , everyone ! and the computer stimulated welcome from cafebot . i actually watched the video . goodness , that's hilarious ... i have an istj for a step-father :/ and a really sensitive , emotional , loving mother . my mother is amazing but my step-father ... meh . i have an issue with istj's . always have . i guess i'd want knowledge of how to gain the most powerful , fulfilling form of connection . only because i believe connectivity is what really gives life meaning . so i'd want that , whatever that is ... although i don't have a belief in some higher deity , i do believe in the connectivity between humans and the universe , which is almost a spiritual feeling for me . the connection i feel toward that is ... '