' i have done many types of prepared humor , plays , speeches , etc . , but for the most part i think my humor is reactionary , or accidental . i often don't set out to be funny , but if the opportunity ... i always fancied the idea of an anything machine . essentially something to provide endless wishes , which of course keeps the dream this thread represents alive ... however i'd probably go crazy ... can i love someone in so few words when so much is at stake like the commitment implicit in the threads of feeling trying to sooth each weakest link and doing so unawares of the common bonds ... sore lower back ... ( feel free to insert expletives in-between any of my allotted 3 words ) i've always wondered if people who believe they can predict the future believe in free will . the two concepts seem to be generally opposed to each other . i am passionate , perceptive , patient , polite , precise and palatable , generally a pacifist , possibly painfully pedantic and sometimes a pathetically parading peacock , occasionally partial to pirates ... i think it'd be harder to tell honestly , we're fi , so unless we're at one of our extremes we may be forcing our emotions under and showing a different face . i do that often enough for little things ... i feel like there is a greater context to the quote you're asking us to explain . perhaps you could direct us or explain to us the context so we might be able to help you more . the above poster ... it's not sensativity i dislike , but reactionary sensativity ( the kind where no reflection takes place ) , especially if they are being sensative to something i have done or said ( ha ) . sometimes ... not in the least worried that people think that . always have great respect for what you say . this was a great ted talk . i think like everything in your life you need to take ownership of this aspect of it too . one of the best things i ever did for myself was get involved in acting . over the 12 years i've been doing ... it's a hard concept to cope with especially if you're in a rut ; but ultimately is is the truth so far as this reality is concerned : you are responsible for your own happiness . this means ... my thought is this : why are you worried about how he feels , shouldn't you be more concerned about how you feel about him ? i would make sure that is your first question to answer . you cannot ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdN2bfov9JQ&feature=related fleet foxes , always amazing . i'm infp and i don't put much stock in astrology . i'm virgo though , close to the leo virgo cusp . here's a poem i wrote a while ago about this stuff . zodiac little star , quiet star are you ... dear grandfather , i'd have liked to have met you . as i understand it , i may have shared many traits with you . perhaps you'd have been able to give me some sage advice about how to be a good ... no , but i forgive you for thinking so . the best thing i've ever done was find creative outlets where i can outpour my feelings into something productive and accepted . theatre , poetry , music , these things keep me sane at times . we all ... you need a total purge until she is out of your system . give it a good amount of time before you decide whether or not she will get back in . for some people that might be never , for some 25 years , ... what type of work in the theatre ? why do you think you might not have gotten the job ? if it is your dream job , are there things you can do to make yourself more qualified for next time ? i know ... depends on the stress and the urgency of the cause of stress . if it's something i can put off , i sometimes do . if it's something i cannot put off , and if it's stressful enough , i go into opposite ... i don't think this was a trait with regards to all isfp , but the one i dated briefly was boring . we did relate though . i moved on when it was time . don't be guilted by us infp miss op , it's not your fault if anyone develops feelings for you . you should never feel guilty about being who you are , and you have no obligation to tell anyone how you ... check out t-bone burnett's album tooth of crime based on work he did with sam shepard on his play tooth of crime . i've been really digging it , as i prepare to do the play in october ! infj and infp are supposed to be a fairly good coupling ( on a theoretical level ) i would say this certainly plays a part in how i operate . i wouldn't say i fear disappointing people , but there is certainly an aprehenssion surrounding it . i do my best not to disappoint people . ... i've been in at least 20 + theatrical performances . nothing fully professional but certainly enough to get over my fears . for me i feel a little anxiety sometimes right before the show , but then as ... well yes i know what you mean too , but the reason why i wanted to make the distinction is because enjoying the cause of strife is a far cry from a healer trait . and yet you can be controversial in ... i think what you are talking about isn't true controversy , but counter culture . you've identified with a subset of beliefs . liking controversy would be causing it or being close to it , like would ... i think , despite everyone's advice , this is something you need to sound off on your own . use us as springboards , but this is your call . perhaps what would help is to try to use one of your weaker ... i'm neutral in this one . what i dislike is after going on a few dates and then having the awkward , don't think we're right for each other conversation . infp male harder than infp female ... maybe ... but female harder than male ... so factor that in guys ... the fact that you defended this in terms of yourself , shows me you do have some inate traits of selfishness . how others perceive you is important to you . i'm not saying you're bad for being ... that likely would annoy a sensor too . no one likes flat tires , and no one likes people standing around doing nothing when they could be helping change flat tires . =P the thing is , no matter what face you put on it , we're always keeping ourselves in mind , to some degree . life is wired that way . ( aka primary goal is survival ) . i think the golden rule ( do unto ... i kind of disagree with this rebuttal and find this reproach harsh and hypocritical . it is alright to be selfish , so long as you don't let your own needs encroach on the rights of others . we are ... i know this sounds bad , but we are all selfish creatures , even if we don't know it . when you are replying to this thread are you being honest with yourself , or deep down do you think you're putting ... you should have answered 1 + 1 = 4 - 2 i bet the computer wouldn't have accepted that either . and if a computer cannot accept 1 + 1 = 2 then i think you win . infp confuse people , as we can be big and passionate and full of life and optimism , but then never call anyone because we're content to go do our own things . i have ( on numerous occassions ) been ... i'd love to meet the perfect enfj or infj girl . oook , apparently i'm a type 6 wing 5 , and my tritype is in my signature now . i wonder if there are other infp type 6 ' s ? i've not done an enneagram test , does anyone have a link to any free tests ? while it is true that i do analyze things a lot , most likely too much , this does not make me a bad person or unworthy of friendship or love . i am done biting my tongue when you are cruel , i am done ... examine your reasons for wanting to help her . make sure they are not intermingled with your own reasons for being her hero . perhaps the best thing you could do is talk to someone she might be more ... melancholy = sick day oops , well i guess i couldn't see this one at work , but here's the studio version : http://vimeo.com/6562454 interesting thread . i haven't thought of music as battle music in a while . i used to identify power songs , and still do to some extent though i think my tastes in music have varied a lot .  ... that will all depend on what if anything exists for me to do after i die . i think i'd like the freedom to float around the world for a while ( provided i can feel the wind in my face and just fly ) ... i have a bachelors in computer science , a bachelor of arts ( english ) and a fine arts minor in theatre . my day job is as a system analyst for a system that all the social workers in my province ... '