' i am seeing the same change in myself too ... one of the things that i am most proud of is that i am an elite intj , but situations now proves that this might not be the case ... i think i should do ... http://img403.imageshack.us/img403/4827/96943644cw1.jpg that's me when i was 6 . i was visiting a farm , and this farmer showed me a baby chick . not leonardo quality - spent only an hour on it , ... i have a suggestion which can be useful to you , joe . perhaps you should use a ' third-person ' perspective when writing this article . eg , instead of here is a list of my difficulties , you ... ( music ) never gonna give you up , never gonna let you down , never gonna run around and desert you . never gonna make you cry , never gonna say goodbye , never gonna tell a lie ... and i've just ... i work on my next episode of webcomic @ knights of the rectangle table ( webcomic ) ( the gags are hard to understand for a non-singaporean , since it pokes fun at ' singlish ' - a strange form of english ... you said that i am assuming that ' a person is a reflection of who they want to be ' . i will never assume such a thing , because i can never be sure . for example , you may not want to be a j , but you are ... well ... how do you think i should elaborate on my point ? if you are do not want to be an intj , then you are not an intj ! so ... whoala ! easy as that ! the mbti must be wrong , then - another argument against the credibility of the mbti . oh ! i misunderstood the question . yea , i agree with your answers ... i didn't read the question carefully , i think . : tongue : i am not talking about the credibility of the mbti here . i am saying that there is nothing wrong with being an intj ( no matter if it is true or not ) when you are being yourself . a very good advice . be yourself . you dun have to ' fend off the dark side of the evil j ' , as you've put it . just let nature take its course . by the way , what is so bad about changing into an ... i don't get the same answer . actually , it's the exact opposite ! the probability ( or chance ) of getting a ' double ' at one corner will be 7/28 . let us denote this as p ( 1 corner ) we must include ... i always walk to the moon . i have visited it countless times ... in my dream . both lefty and righty - an ambidextrous : laughing : hmmm . so , since perfection in life must consist of ' a full insight of the experiences that life incurs ' , that means life cannot be perfect , since ' imperfection ' should be included in the ' full ... when life is perfect , it means you will never feeling negative , for doing so means that life is still imperfect . despair is a negative feeling , and so it can never be present in a perfect world in ... what is my dark side ? dark side i have not , for a jedi i am . may the force be with you . uhhh ... like the title have said ... happy new year ! ( let us flood this thread with greetings ! ) : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : did i brought up any observations about intjs trying to act smarter ? you might want to help me quote my words ? well , as a ' possible ' intj myself , as indicated by the mbti , i do not try to act ... as i think i cannot see much from your handwriting , this reading will have a very high inaccuracy rate , i think . so take my readings with a grain of salt - be warned ! ( oops ) . the first thing i can ... umm ... pardon me , but i do not understand what you are saying . probably you can trying rephrasing it . are you trying to say that because your boyfriend is ' somehow ' blind , he is not good at typing ... i am already enjoying myself here . i can see there are many talented people here , and you should be proud of yourself to have started such an amazing forum ( it is a wonderful idea ! ) . i cannot relate to that , because whenever i argue - i must always be right : tongue : , of course , it is just as important to discover and find things out , like ' why you are ' ... whatever that ... to say the truth , i have friends , but only a very small group . i dare say i have some huge accomplishment in school and i have gotten myself a bit of famousity , but my social circle remains small ... don't thank me just yet . it is all luck ( you should have see how inaccurately i have read nightriser's personality : tongue :) i am not a very socialble person in real life , but i can be your good ... be warned : do not treat my readings seriously , because i am only a beginner , and it is very possible that i might give a wrong reading . what i am afraid most is that you might take my readings so ... that is one nice handwriting you have ! many people will be jealous of it : tongue : be warned : i am no expert , so my readings should not be treated too seriously . me myself is skeptical of ... the main point is not to dispute about the possibility of you being an intj , but the credibility of the mbti as a whole . that means i am also raising this question : are you really an infj ? let ... from all your sampls , i can see that you are easily irritable . also , i can see your mother play a more dominat role in your life , and you do not share a close relationship with your father . you are ... well , from your handwriting , i cannot see any signs of depression : crazy : again , i am no expert . but , i might be able to see what is the thing that result in your depression . your handwriting ... some say that your handwriting can reflect your emotion state when you are writing , as your brain is the thing that is controlling your hands when you write . for example , if you are an irritable ... can graphology , a study of the human mind from analysing one's handwriting , be used to identify ones personality type ? below is a sample of my handwriting ( plus a little doodle :P ): ... well , so let us include your thing about different intensities ... if we count the number of possible variations ( including the intensities this time , and not just the letters ) ... like this : ... dongtanks , 16 , singapore . hi psycho ! that is a very interesting name ! this is not a personal attack ( i know being an intj is cool :P , or blah blah , and the realisation of not being an intj all along is sad , which is true :D ) , but this is a discussion thread from which , ... there seems to be plenty of intj around here ( or am i simply just blinded to the presense of other personality types ? ) . anyway , i am here to make the forum a better place by filling it with ... '