' that's probably cause i have high fi . ( sounds like a disease hahaha ) estp http://likegif.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/Trainspotting-quotes-4.gif isfp http://media.giphy.com/media/lEdvWk58gvoys/giphy.gif esfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjpbWJpvGkA beautiful . 28 , intj , not diagnosed . i hate surprises most of the time . but i really like it when someones gets me a gift out of nowhere that just really really encompasses who i am . something personal . sadly that almost never ... the physical aspect is only a dimension of who you are . it's going to help you to get on the right track , but you are multi-dimensional . i think that if you want to feel balanced there are at least a ... we like to show off how smart we can be . this is a competition . we must win but seriously . i don't know . i like being serious . i don't have many opportunities to dive deep into subjects in ... what they think of us doesn't matter a lot . a little , but not enough to be that upsetting . it contributes to the fascination / hatred i guess . hello , try to read about cognitive functions , maybe that'll help you figure out your type better . an infps cognitive functions are nothing like an infjs so try to learn about it more and you'll be ... welcome :) i don't hate anyone . i'm mildly annoyed by everyone though . but it's actually never personal , i don't like a certain behavior in a certain context , but i get over it pretty quickly . you might have ... gender : undetermined age : 21-31 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : estp closest alternative we found : esfp lol when you realize that you're going to die * dramatic sound * she seems like a te-dom to me to be quite honest . and i know too many entjs to think she's one . but really you can't know . some things like how introverted you are are not very easy to guess if you ... it can never be true for anyone really . sorry to break it to you . she always struck me as an xstj ... but who knows right . i keep my opinions to myself unless i'm asked to do it , that way it can't be held against me . but in general , i'm my friends go-to person when they want to hear it like it is . i came up with ... lol my mother once told me that i was an autist . great parenting skills but yeah i think we share the sensory overload thing with autists but it's very mild compared to them . also we function ... i look like a teenager . i'm not very tall and i have big eyes that make me look like a freaking toddler . but i'm sure i'll be happy about it 10 years from now . you can't talk about the cheese experience . you can only live it . respect individuality integrity open-mindedness i'd say individuality and integrity would be first on my list because the thing that i dislike the most is group-thinking , especially when it ... maybe it's just me , but what impresses me is mostly when people stand up for me and have my back , much more than the exchange of materials . when i feel like a guy actually cares about what i do and ... yeah talked about that in my first answer . the part where i said that paying the first few times is nice . and the one where i said that after a while money is shared . human level - emotional ... 507938 i'd advise everyone to read it . i distance myself from the offering . the money . all i end up with is a very clear vision of the person in front of me and what they have to offer on a human level . there still is a courtship , it's ... i'm not like that at all . i like to share responsibilities . when i pay half of my share , i actually distance myself from the fact that someone is offering me something and wooing me : i am actually ... i'm thinking infp i forget to eat when i get caught up with work and i reach a point where i would eat my mother if she's in a sandwich . i don't really mind veganism , but frankly it's impractical for me . also i love ... it's not the content of the conversation that matters , it's how it's conveyed . everyone can be smart and interested in science or philosophy , it's just that some are not going to be interested in ... maybe the people you live with are just not the people you are supposed to live with , you know ? living with someone is quite a commitment and has a huge impact on your well-being . if anything , this ... superiority complex . respect is not to be earned in my opinion . it's better to give it freely at first , and it has to be taken away when people are not worth it . it doesn't even have to be taken away in fact . you can ... i don't even know if this is serious or not , but here's a hug . patriotism is dumb . it's being proud of something you didn't achieve . it's like being proud of having freckles . and carrying a freckled flag everywhere . and bombing people because , freckles . just throw it all out of the window when it gets too overwhelming . in a parallel universe , famous wants to become you . sorry . i don't know . kill your neighbor . here's your 15 minutes of fame . i should not be giving people advice . you guys are awesome ! it's a shame you feel like you can't express your insights because the world would really benefit from it ! i know that in my experience it's actually the opposite : i can ... it's always stimulated really . but there is this weird thing that happens to me , i dream about solutions to my problems . i think it's ni in action . i have to create a packaging for a product and i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDsqpeiTqg8&nohtml5=False yes , but it's not a detailed plan . it's a general idea like : i want to work in x field later , or i want to be in a monogamous relationship / never have kids or whatever . immuable guidelines . then ... type : intj believe : i don't know . why : because nothing has proven their non-existence , and nothing has proven their existence either . therefore it's open to discussion , debate and research . ... only if forced to be honest it seems like a fun idea for a book series . i would read it . yeah i know i personally have a hard time forgiving people . the other intj i know is even worse than i am . the intp i know doesn't care much . both of them are my best friends so i know them pretty ... absurd and sarcastic , more on the absurd side . i would say that they get my sense of humor easier than other types and i find it refreshing when what i say don't go over peoples heads . also great ... intj or infj . in both cases , if she's closed off to you , it's because she doesn't trust you in some way . you probably hurt her many times and she decided to shut the door and only interact with you ... hi , i'm a j so i'll tell you what i do and i hope it helps here's my advice : - make lists - make playlists that go with the project that you're working on , to influence your mood ( i'm dead ... general coolness thirst for knowledge low-maintenance same sense of humor istp or isfp maybe ? yes i do . when i'm close to someone i do value them greatly and if someone attacks them , i'm not gonna let them do so . and i hate people who try to humiliate others . but sometimes ... when i feel ... '