' i wanted a smartphone for a long time , but i waited till last november to get one because i was disgusted with the idea that i had to have a data plan with a smartphone , and that my bill would be so ... my tastes are typically sci-fi and fantasy , sitcoms and family dramas ( both old and new ) , and sometimes crime / cia shows . a lot of the sci-fi / fantasy shows i end up being drawn to are also kid's shows ... i dunno , i never really got the vibe that a lot of people on here were faking their type . i think it's possible several people are mistyped and don't realize it , but that's different than ... when i'm really upset and something goes wrong , i tend to blame myself , and suddenly feel like everything is all my fault and i'm a terrible person . now don't get me wrong , if put on the spot by ... a medium-sized rock . big enough to do some damage , but not so big as to kill them in one shot . you have to make sure they suffer a little first . you're gonna need a lot of rocks though , because ... there was a recent thread about why infjs use i a lot when writing , and i was wondering what pov infjs were most comfortable with , 1st person , 2nd person , omniscient 3rd person , or limited 3rd ... hm , i think i may start a poll now . i'm interested in whether infjs have a preference to use 1st or 3rd person when writing creative fiction . aside from the fact that amateur writers have a tendency ... wow , what a heated thread . i've never been able to convert to a religion personally , because i was never able to convince myself how one was more correct than the other , so i consider myself ... telling me what to do when it's really none of your business . i don't mean offering suggestions , which is fine , but actually bossing me around or acting like you have an authority to decide what i ... i can relate to feeling awkward in those types of situations . as killbain said , if someone is venting to me , i just nod a lot , and listen , offering minimal advice unless it seems like they want it ... crystal - 10 sensitive tan , green - 7 yellow , blue - 6 i could relate to all of these on some level , but crystal was the one when i was taking the quiz that really ... felt like me . when i read ... i asked my friend if i have an intense , cold deep stare or a soft , fidgety , dreamy gaze , and she said my eyes aren't just intense and aren't soft but are like intense aloofness . xdd she did add that ... when i was a kid ... veterinarian . then i got older and realized how squeamish i am around blood and pain so .. that was out . i always toyed with being an interior decorator . lately i've ... gosh , i need to stop reading these threads ! every time i'm finally sure i must be a infp ! or i must be an infj ! , i read something like this . ;) by the way , that mcgurk effect is pretty ... i stick by the to the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world motto . i do believe one person can leave a lasting impact on the world , such as people who make big ... hm . after reading this , i definitely don't want to be a teacher . : unsure : i still really want to work with kids though . i wonder how much of this would also apply to speech pathology ( something else ... i actually initially took the test because it was required at my workplace . we had a teambuilding retreat , and one of the leaders gave us the official test , since he was licensed to proctor it . i ... haha i'm thinking me too ! i only typed as infj since a year ago i decided to be a neat organized person , and took the test under the assumption i am one . but i've met some j's now and am seeing we ... * hugs * just remember that you always have a choice . don't let the sensation of inconvenience convince you of your lack of autonomy . if facebook is making you unhappy , you should leave . it's not ... my problem is a lot of rules put on children by adults don't make sense to me . sure , the ones where kids could get hurt , i understand . but when kids start doing something they typically will get ... omg kittehs ! ! ! my favorite kitty breed is actually ragdolls , though i think all cats are pretty darn adorable . 36555 i try to find value in each and every person i can . i think one of my roommates is an isfp , and i admire what a good seamstress she is , and how she is able to create such beautiful dresses . i love ... that you shouldn't wait for life to give you lemons to make lemonade . go out and pick your own lemons . :) although her condition sounds very disheartening , i do find some hope in the fact that she still wants to feel , instead of having given up on it completely . a good friend once told me that the ... k so , a good friend of mine is enfp and i love her to death , and usually talking to people wears me out after a while , but after talking to her for a few hours i am like off the walls so freaking ... i read this at first and thought , that's really interesting , but two seconds later i was like wait a minute ... like , how in the world would we know if neanderthals had asperger's syndrome ? ... i agree that infps are not that rare if those statistics are kosher ( am i the only one who wonders why updated statistics are never given ? ? ? ) . as for the rarity confers greatness , i don't think ... i told my high school biology teacher i often wondered if life really had any point , and that if we really did have no purpose in life , what was the point in trying to achieve anything . he looked me ... i'm just wondering . it seems like a much harder system to feel sure about than mbti . i got 5w6 , but i'm still not sure if that's me , you know ? : sad : i know that my main type must be one of the three ... i have no problem maintaining eye contact during conversation , unless it's someone i'm attracted to and don't want them to know . then i have a really hard time looking in their eyes , because for me , ... i'm not sure the reason why , but i only tend to remember my dreams when i am very stressed or ill . i'm sure i probably dream a lot and just don't remember , but if i'm stressed or ill , i tend to ... oh my gosh ! ix92ve never met anyone else who does this ! when i was a kid , i read a lot of the animorphs books , and in them there are these parasites called yeerks that can take over your mind and ... i love this . i put it in my facebook quotations section ( just with no author listed for the quote ) . thank you for sharing this beautiful analogy . i agree and disagree with this video . i think that it's important that kids who really have disorders get diagnosed and get proper treatment . that's not the issue . the issue is it seems like nowadays ... i'm not sure if i'm actually an infp , but i'd say i'm between a 2-4 right now . i've gotten a lot more balanced mentally over the past few years . i used to be completely oblivious to other people . i ... yes ! i support the flying spaghetti monster's transcendence of all type casting ! fsm forever ! oh how i yearn to once again be one with your noodly appendages . yes , my title had the c word ! sorry about that guys . i was just wondering , do you guys ever clean compulsively ? ix92ve noticed i tend to get the cleaning bug in odd spurts . ix92m in college right now ... hi guys ! i have been lurking and posting on the infj forum for about six months now . i am going to start posting and lurking here too , so i thought ix92d make an intro ! i already have had a lot of ... i dunno , i always thought the point is that while on earth as jesus , god made himself fully a man , with all human weaknesses . jesus seemed to be tempted by sin as any other human , but through his ... really ? maybe i'm mistyped . i got infj but one of my biggest skills is taking all the crazy thoughts in my head and portraying them to the outside world via analogies , metaphors , parables , etc . , that ... ( i think ) i'm a type 5 who knows themself quite well . i have periods when i become too introverted to want to socialize with anyone , but my mind constantly wants to analyze people , their motives , ... that's very true for me . my achilles heel is data entry ( like entering grades into a computer ) and alphabetizing ( like pulling tons of books off a shelf and organizing them in alphabetical order to ... that's what i do a lot . either that or i imagine myself saying things to people that i would never have the guts to say in real life . i tend to dislike conflict so instead of telling people when i'm ... i feel that there is nothing i can legitimately add to this thread , so ... http://i.qkme.me/1ir2.jpg soothebelle , the type of memory you are referring to is episodic memory . we have two kinds of memory , memory of facts ( semantic memory ) and memory of personal experiences ( episodic memory ) . i learned ... i personally don't think the type is as rare as 1 % . i'd put it at about 5 % personally . i still think that all the above is true in having especially inflated numbers of infjs on this forum , but i ... autumn , because of the mood . in spring , everything is just beginning to come to life , but autumn feels so ... pensive . like everything is getting ready to sleep for the winter and is slowing down . i ... this is a random thread , but i was wondering if there were any infjs on this forum into juggling ! i just started two days ago , since i just found out my school has a juggling club once a week , but ... i hide from the world when i'm stressed . i stop wanting to have any contact with people , but at the same time feel lonely . but reaching out doesn't feel worth it . i become trapped in my own mind and ... well , i have a question about fe vs fi for the infjs , because i'm still trying to verify i am and infj and do have fe and not fi . there are a couple questionable cases i've been mulling over so i'll ... '