' im good mane , just bad with cameras as we can all see haha . i remember skimming 48 laws , its useful but i feel its hard to incorporate all of it as an nf . ill leave it to the nts to put it to its ... yeah i get nervous in front of the camera because i dont want to pause too much and make the video boring . yeah its silly but whatever , also i dont have a person to reflect emotions / ideas off of so ... its me , enoy ... i guess ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkpBWfj00j8 theres earlier videos in my account made another http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkpBWfj00j8 lolwut u banned now son anyways heres another http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkpBWfj00j8 the holidays seem to have everyone busy , maybe after new years it would be easier . cant see shit captain , too bright me again http://i42.tinypic.com/ungvt.jpg sweet a second invite i live on the edge of etobicoke , scarlett and eglinton but i commute downtown almost everyday of the week for school and work . lets team up with my intp friend and find enfp and entp girls , poetry slams , comedy shows , w . e else we can think of . all we have to do is sit down , be entertained by them and wave at them once , go ... i refuse refuse refuse to ever take the easy way out of anything ( in terms of big life choices and perspectives ) being lazy is easy , pessimistic easy , dumb easy . i make sure im optimistic no matter ... never forget that the strongest steel is forged in the hottest fires , keep your chin up . thats all , i wouldnt change any of the hardships ive gone though for anything in the world . rap to angry eminem songs to boost myself back up . meditate weed my opinion is that he likes you very much . for a shy infj rejection is a big burden to carry , for him to put himself out there was a big move for him . the reason i say he is being shy now is ... to be honest i had to catch my breath because i was taking short breaths due to nervousness . like i said , ive never done a video and thinking this was going on the internet didnt help . i think i did ... - binural beats - white noise - rainymood.com any of those can be combined with meditation my bad my fe is pooped it seems . i dont have a link just the questions 1 . ) what is your type ? 2 . ) what are you primarily interested in ? 3 . ) how do you relate to your temperament ? 4 . ) what got ... dear estp shadow thanks for teaching me what it means to have balls its just answering questions , not really a challenge hah youre not the first one to point that out :P i also made a second video to expand on some of the things i talked about . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAo1gh31ndA made in one take , never done a video before , shh i made this in one take and have never done a video before , dont make fun of me kthx http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAo1gh31ndA i dont mean to crash your thread but , if you guys could answer this for me id appreciate it . do you usually start as friends or do you go straight into the courting phase ? op is a faggot thats what they all say : cool : sup cutie : wink : i see you have our dinner table picked out , hope youre ready for the best night of your life : cool : lets get this party started ! @ # ! ! ! ! heuheuhehueheu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SANw5o7O2N0 : cool :: cool :: cool :: cool :: cool :: cool : fuk yeh ! ! ! : cool :: cool :: cool :: cool :: cool :: cool : i would say yeah , exactly like a t-break . or exactly like when i had to stop fapping to porn on the reg cuz i couldnt get it up on a one night stand ... fml . psychedelics breh or introspection or meditation or all 3 or therapy edit : forgot the humor , ill come up with something . - when im talking to multiple girls - when emotionally involved in an anime - when listening to music that out speeds my brain ( metal , hardstep ) - listening to music with a good flow ( rap , edm ) ... so your ni has had its fill for this particular subject and are now moving on to find novelty again ... ah ! so you are in infj huehue . kidding aside , i hope you find something else to obsess over ... i'm sorry for your loss : angry : intj in hr : we need to get a better microwave so people don't waste as much time heating up their food which will help the line move quicker . infj in hr : we need to get a better microwave so ... hit it while you can but stay emotionally detached until you know its safe . win / win this is only the second date , youre thinking way too much into it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g5wBoLqrTc 33/36 surprised myself with that score tbh , awesome how much just the eyes can tell my response infps on this forum that think theyre infjs and think being an infj is all about martyrdom - _ - dont worry too much about it , sometimes its a matter of your brain maturing and being able to use our tertiary ( ti ) and inferior ( se ) functions more easily / efficiently . this is a pretty good read http://personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/86391-mystic-order-infjs.html welcome to the hand that will give you a grip on your madness :) that's my way of saying ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsFgg7G_4-8 12 ! @ @ ! ! ! enfp post swag ! ! @ ! : angry :: kitteh :: ninja :: cool :: crying :: confused :: shocked :: cool :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :@ ! ! marijuana has 2 types of strains ( ? ) / types . sativas are known as head highs and can cure depression , anxiety , and other brain related things / behaviours and are the ones that can most likely give you ... smoke indica strains . a credit card that pays itself . that pole is too big . ( thats what she said ) seriously so many options . 1 . yo , name is luis . i live in toronto , if you live here too then add me on skype . currently doing my last year at gbc . skype : squives 1 we can exchange # s after . 2 . id like to meet someone ... i mostly meant the numbers game as in get over the fear of approaching . this is one of the only things i've conformed to but i mostly decided it was something to get over because it is / was a fear ... and its our job to get over it . the world isn't going to change just for us . it's a numbers game and we know it . either play it or get left behind , or lucky , either one works i guess but id rather ... '