' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws__HZ9XXaU no ? everyone has their own priorities and values in life . stick to those you've chosen for yourself . at least you're interested in relationships . the whole loser concept is pure bull anyway . fuck ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej0zJLrTt1A http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuCHD59hJws brb repeating till i'm getting dizzy pro-life makes me sick . especially if it's men who think like that . heya , i'm miriam . 17 years , just finished abitur and just , you know , living the life . hobbies vary between animanga , football or video games , i love listening to music and couldn't imagine my life ... mbti isn't too much of a big deal for me , honestly . nice and interesting , very interesting actually and it's fun to type myself and other people . but it's not the end of all things . hufflepuff , i think . 1 . i have never broken a bone before in my life . 2 . i am way more confident and witty on the internet than i am in real life . it's the place where i can be myself . 3 . i can't keep my room orderly ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSMXPNXtUkU i love this song to death <3 i'm not interested in a romantic relationship . have never been , even though i was in love . especially since i was in one and it triggered one of the most horrible times i had in a while ( and made me ... no , but that's because i am shy . sometimes i literally can't speak to people i don't know , it's like the words are stuck in my throat or i'm running against a wall . however it's fucking annoying ... yes , mostly when the bad guy isn't really bad but rebellious / chaotic neutral / desperate and the good guy is all rules rfules rules i don't care about your petty problems . i like chaotic characters ... i never really had the chance to be sceptical ... even before i knew about mbti i always tested as an istp ( random tests out of boredom ftw ) i related with a lot that was written in descriptions and ... i can't say much from personal experience , so i have sensors : which intuitive type is your favorite ? intp and the right kind of enfp . i actually have a love-hate relationship with enfp , some ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPTgnt7WbE0 i'm not big on fashion . give me a black t-shirt / pullover / blouse / whatever i get in my hand as long as it's black , jeans that aren't too tight ( ahahahah good luck finding them ) and sneakers / boot-ish ... my mom is a xsfj . most likely to be an introvert but i'm not sure . my grandma is an ixfp , her sister is an exfj . grandpa was most likely an xstj , but i never interacted much with him . my uncle is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzxoLZXF9SI no , the contrary . i need absolute silence for me to fall asleep , without earplugs it's not possible , i always keep waking up again as soon as my mind focuses on the sound again . i couldn't ... my oldest cat is an inxp . he's cool and relaxed , usually on the recieving ends on the yonger ones ' shenanigans . not the sharpest tool in the shed , but his stare is so piercing , weegee has nothing on ... i respect people who achieved something , also those who are working hard and stand up for what they think is wrong . challengers of outtimed traditions . those who defy stereotypes and stand strong ... how much is too much ? it's the bigger small groups ( around 4 people ) that drain the fuck out of me . i can't blend out , yet i don't have the strength to join the conversation and no one lets me talk ... no . i hate all sorts of military and warfare . some might be neccesary , but that still doesn't stop me from hating them . the whole organization is repulsing for me - from the drilling , treating other ... it's quite useful if something happens and you desperately need to call someone - i usually don't go out without it for safety reasons . however i rarely actually use it . i remember using my old ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRMzjnAwneo the non-choleric 43 sanguine , 43 melancholy , 0 choleric , 50 phlegmatic oh great , i got the non-choleric ! one possible way ... nice ... wait what , change something ? fine ... < __ < so , after a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKOReO2ZiUk 1 : people with a big fat god complex . oh wait , of course they are god . 2 : like that girl with the dress and the gold coins . just that there are no gold coins irl . 3 : the girl posse of every ... i do not want children . ever . call me harsh and heartless because maybe i am , but their sole presence drives me up the wall . so no kids for me . actually i don't even want a husband . maybe it's my ... when i smile , i rarely smile with my eyes . most of the time it's more of a short smirk or i just quickly breathe out of my nose when i find something funny . however most of the time it's not noticed ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=195XntreoMc a meme ! * ___ * most played song : jonathan coulton - still alive ( 219 times ) longest song : the killers - mr . brightside ( jacques lu cont's thin white duke mix ) 8: 46 shortest song : shoji ... - criticize their chaotical but practical surroundings because they're not conventional - push them to a decision . later be pissed because that forced decision doesn't last long . - throw a tantrum ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avMrUkBs1e4&feature=related flogging molly - devil's dance floor enfps and me , i guess it just doesn't click most of the time . i'm not a big entertainer , not in the mood to talk about stuff that doesn't interest me and unfortunately they tend to have no visible ... taking my needed alone time as a personal insult . keep pushing me to go to overcrowded places because it's going to be funnn come on ! ! . claiming that introvertedness is abnormal ( especially if ... i have a rather bad short-time memory . sometimes i see someone and later when i meet that person again i have completely forgotten that i met them today already . it's also annoying when i'm on a task ... i guess , i'm more confident and not as mistrusting as i am irl . which doesn't mean a lot , but hey ... also a funny thing , i'm participating more in group discussions but am more silent in one-on-one ... kagrra , oumaga toki new kids on the block dirty dancing origa inner universe lady gaga disco heaven the killers human onerepublic secrets röyksopp röyksopp forever maarja shine it on garmarna ... '