' i only know one other , my son . is our type really that rare ? i can at times notice the types in people i work with , come across in a social setting , etc . but i have never come across someone where i ... i have used dating sites in the past as i feel highly uncomfortable going out and about trying to get to know others . meeting people online is the new norm however sadly people are more bold behind ... how does this highly introverted person become more outgoing ? how come no one is asking for advice ? the power of intention plays a strong role in how we approach relationships whether they are romantic or platonic . falling for someone can happen unexpectedly and very easily when we begin to ... los angeles , calif the flat is yours not his , respect should be going both ways which he isnt giving . always talk in person , text seems to lead to miscommunication . its funny how infps can be so laid back but when ... infp's value complete honesty . be direct and tell her what you wrote in this post , we do not like to second guess what a person is thinking or feeling . we are great at reading between the lines this ... i am an older infp with a teenage son the same type . he is very similar to you in how you described yourself . my advice is to accept yourself and read up on the other types as well . when you get ... patn : irish foresakenme : give us a hint girl what a interesting game :) forsakenme : chinese happythoughts : american locofoco : canadian or american worried function : aussie calm voices , an infp trait ? i was married to an estj for over 20 years . i think it lasted because i always went with the flow and rarely did what i wanted to do . as i got older there was a need from my ex for me to always be ... how do you co-exist with this person if you live with them ? how do you suggest to this person they may suffer from this illness ( they have multiple signs in their behavior but have not been ... i agree , estx .. but more likely a j . j's have that confrontational nature about them . p's just want to go with the flow and disrupt anything unless you aggrevate them . haha , thats a good take on it ! i am becoming convinced more she is not an entj . menopause has nothing to do with it . haha .. do not assume she has manners due to her age . still not convinced she is entj :) late 40 ' s . no kids , married . hi there , i have a sister who says she is an entj only i am not convinced due to the fact that she notices behavior , what other people are discussing , when things are out of place , etc . she ... telling you she is emotional could mean she feels alot within . it does not nec . mean that she is about showing emotion face to face with someone . she could also feel more comfortable texting you ... i am an older infp , things dont really change much in how we think / feel but they do change in how we communicate and socialize with others as we age . my guess is she started wondering about all the ... i find the sj types have that preppy look going on . infp's have a laid back look with style that isnt forced :) look in places where you would not normally go . maybe a bookstore at the self-help or fantasy section or the corner where they are alone from the rest reading . hiking and parks are good places too ... well said . we are the type that can be most understanding , accepting and intrigued by their nature ... sad it cannot be reciprocated for some . i am sure there are ultra-healthy intp's out there . just ended a friendship ? relationship ? aquaintance-ship with an intp . i am sure you infp's have enountered the puzzzling way a relationship unfolds with this type and you are taken on a rollercoaster ... i change my mind , i now want a loris.thats the best video ever , it made my morning :) i want a welsh pembroke corgi , they are so cute and have these stumpy legs . it looks like they have a wiggle to their walk :) i have asked alot of people i work with or friends to take the keirsey test . what i have noticed is the sj's will be hesitant and question why i want to know their type . the rest of the types ... i would say that if i truly meant it . otherwise there is no point in bringing it up . theatres that show indie films but then you couldnt really meet because we would be watching the movie . i like the super secret card idea :) i dated a couple of esfp's , they can be very warm and caring in a physical way . they are spontaneous which i love because it draws me out of my shell and i become this free spirit . they know how to ... i have been trying to understand the cognitive functions .. this is excellent ! bravo :) i go through each of the functions in my mind and ask myself which reflects the person more x or y .. this is very inaccurate but i have been right on some . its usually the nf's and nt's that i cannot ... you can add me as well , i dont have many friends but the ones i do have turned out to be very cool . it doesnt mean you have to stay in contact . as i always say practice a function ( extraversion in ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11xt6Fu7xFM there is no relationship established yet , practice directness in a kind way . this is difficult for infps but it will save you time and energy that can be used for other things . thank you for asking ... i was playing in the streets when i was a young girl and i never thought about whether i had to be girly or not . now that i am a grown woman i am not into the makeup , clothes , etc .. but i do feel girl ... i think infp's have style without really trying ... just sayin :) i was married to an estj who would leave me alone in large groups , i got used to it and the times i did become more extraverted were the times where the conversations werent superficial . i open up ... hi fellow infp's , i want to know what your preferred style of dress is .. this goes for all the guys as well . what do you love to wear when you dont have to dress work appropriate ? for myself i am a ... i agree , a person with a strong inner core that can be alone for a while after a break-up comes out ahead in the end . my guess is he does not want to think and feel about what happened . sorry you ... i am an infp parent and i can say it has brought me closer to my sons as they get older . since learning about mbti / keirsey , i have introduced this knowledge to them . one is an infp , the other an estp ... the extraverts i have dated bring me out of my shell , yet the introverts make me feel more . i try to be unbiased but my gut is telling me another introvert is going to ' get me ' yet both care deeply . i have a close intp friend and one that i want to get close to relationship-wise . what i have noticed is you are as emotional as us yet you do not show it , not until you have a true comfort level and ... when you say a silent ' im sorry ' to a spider you are about to kill you just gave me a thought for another thread ... are nt's and nf's competitive ? haha ... ill post later . thanks :) just wondering if any of you nf's or nt's are into watching sports or actually play ? i have little interest but do notice the sp's & sj's love it . if so ... what sport interests you ? i got entp , how many of us actually have our ideal mate ? what happened to the sj's and sp's .. dont nobody want them ? put yourself out there with others from time to time . growing older is going to change your pov . we internalize and dream up this world that no one can see but us , what i have heard from interacting ... i would probably continue to wonder why : i feel socially awkward at times love being alone so much i want to understand others wish i knew i was an infp when i was a teen , it would have saved ... everyone had such nice eyes ! i have a thing for the eyes , especially men with almond shaped ones .. i love it . '