' for guys it's more about hierarchy and not so much about your psychological / emotional makeup . there's a difference . yeah , they usually do : laughing : a lot of people do . especially girls with their shit tests ... i wasn't looking for an argument what made you think that ? i'm just interested in how you see things . i rarely have that problem with infjs . infps though - a lot . no and i really dislike it when people have an agenda with / for me . i'm pretty good at sensing that and that will usually annoy me . it's manipulative . hmm , yes . all ni dom / aux are like that . maybe ... yeah , school could be fun instead of boring if they changed that . i had to put my energy somewhere else and that wasn't something the teachers liked : laughing : it's good to scratch up the scars , heal them and then move on . many people fail to even reach # 1 or get caught there . well i do see myself as deep even though i sometimes wonder if i say and do things just to get reactions . i do make ' deep meaning ' things even though i'm not consciously aware of why i do and say ... ti relies heavily on principles and you always have to know why you're doing something in order to understand the principle behind it and how it connects to other things . te is more shallow and ... thinkers will generally find a way to solve the problem and feelers will want talk about it forever and never really reach the end . how do you define ' deep meaning behind it ' ? just because it's not part of a 10 stage plan to marry you doesn't mean it lacks depth , right ? how do you even define ' comfortable environment ' and how is that type related ? working as a public speaker or as a nurse , no thanks - that's uncomfortable for sure . it's just not worth it , simple as that . hey now , we don't lack ni and some of us use it more than others . other than that i think you're on point except for the lazy part . just because we don't feel a neurotic need to change everything ... missed that . it doesn't sound like your typical istp . at all , as i said way to neurotic . intj ? maybe . he's probably just trying to figure stuff out , what directions things will go and also input for future relationships . we're not nearly as neurotic as you guys are , so you can remove the ... you bet i'm getting there , this bad boy is on his way : cool : great info . it's kind of interesting how 6 will tend to want to give what they themselves need , well humans do but yeah . just like you wrote sp 6 can act like a 2 . my istj sp6 friend really is ... gender is definitely a factor in how risk averse you are and also potentially how honest you can be about it as well : wink : makes sense . probably why a lot of 6 wants to become guides ... yes , it seems as istp 6s are more concerned with trusting people and not so much with navigating the real world , which makes sense . thanks for your input , it's been helpful :) yes , but then you're sp first as well :) by being in control , do you mean being independent ? and what makes you feel secure and comfortable ? how does the insecurity and nervousness manifest internally and externally ? makes sense . sounds more istp than 6 . so how does the 6 manifest in your day to day life ? here's a quote from the do i sound istp thread , which got me thinking about how enneagram 6 and istp go with the flow attitude is kind of opposite in ways . how do istps enneagram 6s go about ... well sure , if you're going to do skydiving you're probably not going to do it completely uninformed . don't you think there's a difference between doing a quick research ( i . e . checking the map ... if you're a 4 then it's pretty likely that you're a fi-dom . i can't see you using ti at all . sounds a lot like a 6 would do , maybe an istp 6 could say something about it , but it doesn't ... turnon : intj , esfp girls are cool as well . turnoff : infp for sure - the more time i spend with them the less i like them and they like me . it's like riding a crazy , wild horse . just because the direction is outwards doesn't mean it's well understood or comes out the right way . it's just cray cray and can make you get very emotional , ... i used to think about getting a family when i was younger and in a way more naive . there's girls that's interested in me , but honestly it always feels like i would end up short in every ... with that avatar of yours my mind kind of wandered off a bit .. : laughing : once you understand just what you can do with violence , i think most healthy people get kind of humble from that understanding . i don't put any values on violence , it's just something present in ... i think this is true for every istp i've ever met . pretty capable of handling the fight as well if it would get to that . but most healthy people won't start fights at all and those that do start ... yeah , and istps are notorious for being the best type with emotions ? bitch please : laughing : yes , but it's like a drug as well ? you long for it , but then you get it and it's too close to the sun . i'm very counterphobic when it comes to just that . is it a sx thing to be counterphobic ... i suspect this to be at it's worst with 9w1 . i've worked with a couple of 9s and 9w8 are usually great workers , but the the 9w1 seems to freeze a lot more and they don't seem to have any drive at ... it's like an urge you feel to throw someone on the floor or other productive things :) at good times you have enough room to be in the drivers seat . the knowing something strong is always ... most sjws are a bunch of ideological liars . as most 8s value truth and like to do their own thing , why on earth would they join that movement ? i think it's more probable that an 8 would attack ... '