' i was on vacation in the virgin islands . we rented a boat for the week and one night when it was extremely calm we star gazed on our bow . the bay looked like glass and reflected all the stars . it was ... i'm not scared away ! i still think your a dick though ! and arguing with a pigheaded is not worth my time ! so do the world a favor and stop being an uptight prick ! it fits with the story ! and i'd say to each their own , but i feel like your kind of a dick so i won't ! about 4 years ago a guy told me i was like a fox ... me being me i replied with that makes you wonder what sound a fox makes . then this came out and my life was made : ... same for me ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i want them ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk and hopefully my reading it will let me get it off my chest even if it is vicariously ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i feel like i am in the same boat as you are ! you can just put it to words much better than i can ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk what if i think i met him ... but both of us were too shy , and now i think i've missed my chance , and sub par dating options being shoved in my face is not really making me excited about dating , which ... i wish i could be in that place ... i've been single for so long , and i'm 26 . people are acting like i'm suddenly going to turn into a radon or something if i don't date them immediately ! ( i've gotten ... people keep mistaking me for being mad too ! it really is annoying . sent from my iphone using tapatalk it's frustrating to be harassed by men you don't want to date , and be so drained pushing them away that you don't have the energy to try ( and by that i mean awkward attempts ) to be flirtatious with ... surprisingly tame compared to what i have actually seen at walmart ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk same here ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk did they use thumb tacks through the middle to adhere them to the paper ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk mom not sure if telling a story about someone else is exactly kosher but the last post reminded me of it , so here goes : when i was in high school i was involved with a dance performance group . we ... in jr . high english class ... taking a test , it is dead quiet , and suddenly out of no where i let one rip ! it literally echoed off the walls and i just froze for a second , when all the whoever smelt ... take him / her to the vet ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk 1 . american english ( southern ) 1.1 i guess all other dialects of english . ( probably doesn't count ) 2 . i learned a few languages but all less than 5 years ... see below . 3 . latin ( as in the ancient ... so why can't she bring her friend along ? then you can meet someone new and everything is ok ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk http://youtu.be/RBHZFYpQ6nc sent from my iphone using tapatalk so this has been on my mind and it just irritates me to no end ! i suppose that somehow i am gifted with the fortune of good looks ( i feel men's eyes burning into me , practically eating me where i ... octopus dragon tiger sent from my iphone using tapatalk i know i needed to read that ! thanks ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk so how many times did he say people will judge and it's not completely consistent with my statement ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk and how do you turn the next page ? i sure wish i could afford to break a laptop every time i turned a page . sent from my iphone using tapatalk dear mum , today i was rather exited about something and when i showed it to you , you said it was stupid ( as you always do ) . at that point i wanted to say there are lots of people who probably ... or when they are still / only starting to get ready ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk seriously ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk my friend in high school used to tell people that all the time ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk doesn't that defeat the purpose of being a hermit ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk no i want to go watch dune again ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk ya i guess so ... but it may be helpful to remember that the french were the only ones to help us during the american revolution ( they were also the first country to recognize us as an independent ... sure ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk so i can't stand people like what this song is about , with all the egotistical attention crap ( the music is catchy though ) ! http://youtu.be/kdemFfbS5H0 sent from my iphone using tapatalk represent ! go texas ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk seriously ! i get the same crap ! not only is it annoying , it drains all my energy ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk but for that one it is total annihilation . sent from my iphone using tapatalk not that it's on the rise , but that it agree with you . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i thought this was supposed to be a funny thread ... but i guess not ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk when i was younger i had my tonsils removed and for a week i would not eat or drink anything then i wouldn't eat anything but parmesan cheese and crushed up cheetos for another one . so i used to eat ... i was in a geography class back in high school and my teacher asked me to label where gaul was with absolutely no context of time ... i spent hours trying to locate it , then i remembered my latin study ... this has been stuck in my head lately : http://youtu.be/kXYiU_JCYtU sent from my iphone using tapatalk that's good , i can understand how that goes ! good luck with it all ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i sometimes feel the same ... if you wanna talk , i'm a decent listener ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk isn't thinking part of the beauty ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk so i just noticed that ser bedimir was attaching a coconut to a bird with string and letting it fly off with it ... was that bird supposed to be a swallow ... and if it was do you think it was an ... i would agree with dabbling . don't go . sent from my iphone using tapatalk intj . logic tells me that soul mates do not exist , but i secretly hope one does ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i defiantly seem to feel the same way ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk '