1 : make all the money that goes to unnecessary shit like war and capitalism be re-directed into the health care system . 2 : change food , people should buy local . with all the energy spent to make ... i love this scenario ! ok so first things first , i'm going to buy a private jet . that's 50 mil right there . i'm going to learn how to fly it too . and get some super visa that means i can travel ... aye ! i love being around people , and i get lonely quickly . i'm good at meeting new people and i enjoy social situations . so why am i an introvert you ask ? i feel more comfortable with an even ... left 48 % right 52 % my left brain percentages 53 % linear ( your most dominant characteristic ) 40 % verbal 27 % sequential 27 % reality-based 21 % logical 0 % symbolic ( your least ... i don't think you can really give someone self confidence . check out this article ... 10 ways to instantly build self confidence | pickthebrain | motivation and self improvement maybe you ... hahahahahahahaha that's sooo entertaining ! ! ! i'm a people watcher , so the stuff that entertains me is seeing someone really quirky . like one day i was walking through a reserve and this old as ... professional world traveler ? my dream job ! cool ! i would love to get a pet ! but it says i need 100 points . how do i get points and how do i see how many points i have ? so you have a different type inside and outside ? ok , and perhaps you have a split personality too ? just sayin ' is all ... i had a hard time also determining between extrovert and introvert ... welcome ^ _ ^ welcome emma ! i sincerely hope what you discover here helps you as much as online forums have helped me . what's your favorite fast food ? do you like duck ? everybody likes duck . i think firedell hit the nail on the head there . i wouldn't want to get to close to someone i probably would never see again . long distance relationships suck . especially if you really felt magic i'd ... yeah of course 360 . what do i live under a rock ? haha . sure what's your gamer tag ? mine is ' the action ash ' i'm not online atm because of traveling but i will be eventually , which is when i will ... do you mean in person or on the internet ? i'm coming to chicago in august . that's close to you . introducing ... the action ash ! she loves music and concerts . she drinks beer and plays xbox . she's 22 and traveling the world , working as a nanny to fund her overseas experience . enough of ... indyannajoan awesome video ! perfect for this thread . thanks for sharing . ^ _ ^ blood - i did the mypersonality.info thing that you have in your sig , and i tried to put it in my sig but it didn't work . any advice for me please ? * batts an eyelash * when i have negative feelings i think about the issue . usually it's some horrible person being unreasonable and acting immature whilst failing to see logic . if this is the case i take a deep breath ... 1 : green i think this relates more to my star sign as an taurus-earth-snake than to my mb as an isfp . oh and i like nature . there's a lot of green in nature . hehe . my definition of bad boy : wears leather jacket , rides motorcycle , likes rock music , drinks , does drugs , smokes , and is aggressive . am i attracted to him ? sexually yes . would i want a relationship ... are isfp less sexually permissive ? no . are isfp very monogamous ? yes ! if i wanted to cheat on a partner , i would break up with them , then perhaps stay fwbs . what are isfp ' s views on one ... appreciate the little things i do for you . kiss me on the cheek sometimes . laugh at me when i'm laughing at myself . be a goof with me . help me when i need you . if i'm being stubborn leave me ... i just realized it is bed time and i'm hungry . i hate it when this happens . it's so lame . i don't want to eat something now because then it will take ages to go to sleep but if i go to bed hungry ... i have major conflicts with js - we can't agree because we think so differently about people ? it's hard to answer this because i've only fallen in love a few times , and usually it always starts with obsession . i'll totally be obsessed with him , want to be with him all the time and want to ... i'm currently an au pair , i just took the job for something to do . then i discovered i'm really good at working with kids and i have fun doing the job . i also like it because it means i get to be ... my dream careers are photographer , musician or designer . something that allows me to be creative . but i love being outside as well , which is why i'm working with children at the moment , it's not my ... i like rock music primarily . i also enjoy listening to pop , classical , rap and a little metal . but overall i like mainstream music from these genres . some of my favorites are ... rock : korn , ... wow i guess people do actually read these things . thanks everyone ! i've been struggling with this for a while too . i finally decided on isfp , because i spend more time admiring what i see and people watching than day dreaming . once upon a time a young girl told a child a story . the child remembered the story for the rest of her life . must have been a pretty good story huh . hi . i am ash . i found personality cafe after ... i'm pretty geek . geek about movies , video games , reading , musical equipment and bands . i think there are probably more sj geeks out there because they would have stronger opinions than sps .   ... i'm a night owl . it doesn't matter how much sleep i've had - i always feel crappy for the first couple of hours in the morning . i had a job that i was working 5pm - 4am and i loved it . i had a job ... i had a similar situation . i moved out of home and now that i'm free to live my life i feel empowered . the most important thing to have is hope . you're not going to spend your life living with her , ...