i don't think how any of the things you said make her a fe . i don't think caring about your image is specifically fe . honestly i think these are stereotypes . she has no regard for emotional ... can i say you're most charming pink sheep-like creature i have ever met ? ;) ;) female , male , parrot , i don't mind :) entps , which ones of you are 7w8 ? i have a thing for those ... oh , it won't be . if those are infps , i eat my coat . not knowing is part of the fun ;) infp hitting on infp ... that's like ... incest . sei 35 such a charming butler . hi guys , sorry i'm late , got stuck in traffic . where can i put my coat ? let's get some socionics in this thread ! lorelai - iee ( her ramblings are ne , and her chaotic , unhealthy lifestyle reflects low ti and low si ) rory - sei emily - ese richard - lie luke - sli ... lupus rex ( and others ) just wondering , why enfj over esfj ? i think she's more likely primary fe and tertiary ne , than the other way around . wow , i agree with so many of these typings ! just a few things where i really differ . - cersei as entj . at least in the books , she's an esfp . but maybe you could make a case for show-cersei , who is ... two times enfj type most likely to be very aware of and honest about their own flaws ? intp or infp , 5w4 or 4w5 . type most likely to start cleaning the house when he's angry ? esfps , unfortunately . type most likely to enjoy slapstick humor ? intj for sure :) tmlt fasten the top button of dress shirts and polo shirts ? entj tmlt like wearing formal clothing enfp istj intp tmlt regularly talk about death ? classic infp . tmlt win the hunger games ? oh , i love that this thread exists . i agree with warxzawa on henry , bunny , richard and francis . could you elaborate on charles and camilla , if you don't mind ? ;) intp , i'd say . tmlt have a large , orderly handwriting ? tmlt have a small , orderly handwriting ? tmlt have a large , sloppy handwriting ? tmlt have a small , sloppy handwriting ? tmlt consciously ... - you made a joke . so you can't possibly be an xstj . - you don't smoke and don't drink . only si-users are capable of looking after their health . - only ti-users know things . verdict : isfj or intp ozymndias 116 i'm gonna go ahead and guess : number 1 seemed to indicate fe or fi as an auxiliary or tertiary function . definitely not dominant . number 5 seems like typical te-fi . i also see te ... i wanted to hear your opinions on some characters that are hardly ever typed . i don't have a typing for all of them . moqorro - enfj quentyn martell - infp areo hotah - istp arys oakheart - ... is trying to get an emotional reaction from people reserved for fe ? because i do this constantly as infp , though of course not in the same way as ramsay . ( i do have fe in socionics though , maybe that ... which character do you guys think have different types in the books and the show ? i decided to make a list : tywin lannister ( you guys made some good points about the books ) books : estj show : ... if we're typing historical characters , i'll try to do the entire targaryen lineage . some of these are typed on a whim . aegon i - istp rhaenys - isfp visenya - extj aenys - isfj maegor - xntj ... also esfp ? in socionics probably beta's . type most likely to say ' lalala i can't hear you ' when they see they've lost an argument ? can't believe i read past that . you have a point . that's a good explanation of the flaws of a ni and a si . but what makes you think tywin's reasoning was the second . i picked up the chapter before he's attacking and this is what he says more or ... intp tmlt support communism i don't see why a ni-user is less likely to think that . how do you mean that ni wouldn't be that grounded ? that they don't use facts as much ? do they use more logic then , or hunches , or what ? i ... numinosity i don't see how this is si . this is simply a prejudice on tywin's part , and i don't see why that would be specifically si . what you said about the show is very true . tywin comes off smarter in the show than in the books , and vice versa for stannis . i've been reading through bryndenbfish's military blogs and i've come to ... sparklehorsette - numinosity wow good point on tywin . i need some time to process this . i also liked your bits on varys and stannis . good idea to contrast him with a more healthy si-user . tywin's ... oh , a lovely list . i agree on most of them . these are a few that i would disagree with : robb stark - i don't really see the te . from the books , i had the idea of an esfj , fulfilling social ... sometimes i feel like i'm infp and intp at the same time ... wanting to follow my personal preferences while also looking for the objective and universal . 1 . i constantly try to categorise things . i like theoretical systems that seem logical to me and work well . for example these typologies . 2 . i easily forget , in every sense of the word . i misplace ... i have some time to spare , so i'll do a few at once . ozymandias 116 1 . a perceiver 2 . seems nt to me 3 . perceiver with ti 4 . perceiver with ti 5 . could be tertiary si entp . if not , estp . ... some comments : i agree aerys is esfp , but rhaegar strikes me as more infp than infj . from what i've gathered , he was quite self-absorbed , and he paid much attention to symbolism , prophecy and ... ha ! i would have given the exact same reasoning for istp . i do think intj might be my second choice . as for visenya , i find her a very obvious te-dom : concerned with meeting goals , no nonsense . for ... i love the idea ! i agree on many houses . houses stark , tully and arryn are all si . agreed . ni for house targaryen ? maybe . se for greyjoys and baratheons , absolutely agreed . greyjoys might also ... i agree that jon is no n . but what do you mean with ' hell be infj one day ' . if you put it that way , it sounds like being n is an update ... and i don't know why you see ned as isfj . he's istj in my ... let's try this :) 1 ) my mbti infp 2 ) my gender male 3 ) types i admire esfjs , for their people skills , as well as enfjs gender : female ( i have my doubts ) age : 11-21 ( correct - 17 ) intelligence : gifted ( i'm flattered ) openness : conservative ( no , more liberal ) mbti personality profile : isfp ( close : infp ) closest ... hi ! i'm a student of classical languages and i wondered if you had any ideas about the types of roman and greek authors or historical figures ? i have only a few ideas , and i wondered if you could ... i just read persepolis , and came here to check if other people saw her as an enfp too . apparently you do . ne-dom : she's at home in the world of ideas . everything triggers her mind . she sees very ... bismuth i think it are infps . pat 73 entps perhaps ? thank you for your very sound criticisms . it made me completely rethink the one-six differences . you are right that sixes question everything . i still feel like there's a difference , but i still ... matejko 108 my thoughts : - you're definitely right on tywin and stannis : an eight and a one - i'm unsure about cersei , but i think six is among the main contendants . i think she bursts with fears : ... she strikes me as an extravert with ni / se and fi / te . so either entj or esfp ... tough call . i guess i'm going with esfp with high ni .