' what's your favorite miyazaki film , and why ? mine is spirited away . i love it because it's so thrilling and charming at the same time . :) the best way to get over an unwanted crush is to stay away from that person and engage yourself in something that takes up a decent amount of your time so you are not focused on that person . spock is a good one too . :) i took this idea from the what's your celebrity crush thread . i thought why not make a thread of a fictional crush ? sometimes it's not the actor , but the character . ;) mine is definitely magneto ... i can't seem to figure out posting a photo for the life of me , but my celebrity crush is rivers cuomo ( istj ) of weezer . he is who he is , and he's super smart . he actually went to harvard law school ... dear intjs , i think we have some things in common , and the things we dont i find very interesting in you . unfortunately , i find it hard to talk to you because i am sensitive to your sometimes ... hey thanks for taking the time to actually read this . it's helpful to know that you still see infj in this , although i don't think type 2 fits me . i'm definitely not self sacrificing or people ... it seems like you have a measure of understanding with her . that is a really good thing . that will help you keep the relationship you have with her . if she is really emotionally unstable , and you had ... i say write a letter because it might help you sort out your feelings more easily , then having to explain them to her in person ... unless you're like me and rehearse everything you are going to say ... wow . honestly , i would be glad to have her out of my hair , but that's probably not the right thing to do . i would maybe write her a letter telling her how you feel . let her know that you don't mind ... a beautiful voice “ hello pretty girl , want to have some fun ? just turn up the music and let your thoughts run . open this closet and put on this dress . i can assure you that you look best of ... the girl who covered up pen to paper , my clothes on the floor , completely bare , i walk out the door . they can see my goose bumps , they can see me sweat , friends , family , acquaintances , pretty sure i'm an infj , but some people have said other things . someone suggested i fill this out . this took me forever so it would mean a lot if you could give me your input . ;) sing ... i have not tried the questionnaire by jinsei . i will look into that . yeah , i'm still fairly new to all this , so it can be confusing . what type are you ? well i've typed as an intj too . its been really hard for me in the past to decide which one i'm more like . i would say i'm mostly an infj , but with some aspects of an intj . what made you think that ? if you could give up one of your positive traits for a trait you admire but don't have , what would it be ? i would give up being pretty to be smart . i am definitely sensitive , and as i rethink what happened i do realize a lot of people who read through what was written are right in saying those people were just trying to help . there were certain ... thank you . what you said makes a lot of sense , and was very helpful . i appreciate your insight . i wish i would have seen this yesterday ... - _ - i have nothing to say to you . i'm not going to explain myself , because clearly that was a waste of time . thanks for your input . i guess i don't see what you're getting at . care to elaborate ? ok i'm going to cave . i wrote this because i was really frustrated , and posting this made me feel better for some reason . i wasn't looking for attention , and i wasn't being passive aggressive ... this is a post i found on tumbr . i thought maybe some of you should give it a read . after being picked apart yesterday for asking what the differences are between an infj and an intj , also saying ... that's fair . i agree . all of this is getting on my nerves which doesn't seem intj to me . haha . crooluniqorn don't you think that some people may not fit a myers briggs personality type perfectly without thinking they are confused about themselves ? i may very well be fe which is what an infj ... crooluniqorn ugh . i think this forum is confusing because you can't truly get to know someone through typing text . i'm confused about my type . not who i am . does that make sense ? the girl i offended clearly did ... pretty sure i'm an infj , but there are some things that don't seem to line up . when i have typed as an intj , even more things didn't line up . i'm pretty new to functions , so excuse my lack of ... haha oh my word . i was not trying to criticize you ! my goodness . i guess i should have added a winky face or something . like i said initially i'm pretty sure i'm an infj , so having fe or whatever ... i see what you're saying . i can relate to that in a way . as far as personal values , and not caring what other people do , i must say i am not so much that way . i am very critical of other people and ... you need to listen to headlock by imogen heap . your life story right now . bahhh . not this again . i was so sure i was an infj . i drove myself crazy over analyzing it . i even asked my husband to read an extensive article explaing the functions of an intj vs an infj . he ... crooluniqorn i relate to you in a lot of ways , but also to your friend . i do try to fix people and offer lots of advice . i do care about harmony to a point , but i'm very straight forward , and i never avoid ... what do you think of infjs ? how are we similar ? how are we different ? i went through a period of time questioning if i were an infj or intj . i believe i am an infj mostly because i can be very ... ice cream they are chill af ! i'm married to one , and that's what attracted me to him the most . although after 3 years of marriage , i'm just like , tim ! sometimes you need to care ! haha . nomadleviathan thank you ! how do i do this ? i totally understand that ! i had the same problem for a while , then i figured it out . :P - _ - ok . that didn't work . i'll try another . https://instagram.com/p/1yporcvv0M/.jpg https://m.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1499902043628383&id=10008258040526&set=a.1374899312795324.1073741825.10008258040526&source=43&ref=bookmarks i hope that worked ... i'm not used to this page ... i don't know you , so i don't know why they seem to not like you . as a women with self respect , i can give you some advice .. * be self confident . that is a very attractive quality , and if you are ... i have been told on more than one occasion that i'm intimidating . i've also been told i look young and innocent . i guess because i don't like to talk much , and i don't see the point of things like ... i know there are certain types that i feel more drawn to than others . so comment your type , what type you find interesting , and why ? if i haven't seen anyone in a long time , or am not going to see someone for a while , i feel like it's appropriate . there are people i know that hug every time they greet you , or as a goodbye , and i ... i don't think anyone is 100 % of any type . usually after you take the test , and you see your results , there are charts that show you how how much you fall in the different catagories . you may end up ... enfp for me it's not really knowing who i am . i know how i am to me , but we don't appear the same way to others as we see ourselves . it's confusing . but we want to know so we over analyze it . and end up ... '