' thatchadguy , this sounds awesome . i'll be sure to check it out great source . i found the read really interesting . a lot of what i was trying to articulate is expanded here , so thanks for sharing ! i disagree about what you said about hope . i don't think hope's main purpose is to excuse us from doing what we can to change our situation . for me , hope is usually what keeps me going . as for ... i'm more or less trying to use this thread to verbalize some of the things i've been dealing with lately , in hopes that it may either help someone else contextualize their own experience , or provide ... i have a close entp friend who clicks with me in a lot of ways . i'm definitely pretty sensitive at times , but our dynamic works because she is very blunt but receptive to me when i say that joke was ... lavendersnow , sounds like a bad relationship . if it were me , i'd get out . he sounds a little narcissistic . definitely immature fi behavior . also sounds like a j type . my guess would be estj or istj , ... lavendersnow sounds like he could be an sj type . not for certain , but those types are most consistent with firm judgments that don't take perspective into account . maybe that's just my bias bleeding ... i don't really like what i do for a living , but it puts bread on the table . it's 2 in the morning , i don't care if you're upset . i have class / work tomorrow . why are you telling me ? who the ... i agree with llamadeusmozart ( nice , btw ) i also think that certain types can only work if they have certain world views . two infjs can make it only if they line up on the things they're passionate ... the process of me discovering that i was an infj started with me feeling like no one else was like me . i hope you don't misunderstand , i don't mean anything like i'm so cool , no one else is like me ... hey , i just met you . and this is crazy , but i'm making a super good first impression because of how comfortable i am . ah . i don't know the situation intimately , so i'd try to trust what your intuition is telling you . moving forward though , here's what i say the most likely scenarios are : i have a hard time ... sleepyfox , i often do this , where i try to validate my intuition by proving to myself that i'm right , using my ti process , and i agree that when i do i am really just being too critical with ... just curious how many other infjs have experienced this . often this conversation ( or something like it ) happens to me : why didn't you ask out / go out with that girl ? well , i knew i wouldn't ... i , respectfully , but pretty fervently disagree with you about like attracting like . when i think about like types coming together , i think about blindspots . fe is wonderful , but it has ... i disagree with kerik_s in his initial point . i do not date casually . i really dislike it , it seems disingenuous and i feel like i'm wasting two people's time . i do what she's doing . she's getting to ... i feel that i have the ability to put others at ease . people often feel comfortable sharing things with me . not everyone , some people just thing i'm a weirdo ... which is absolutely true . after they ... as an infj male , i was sort of taught by my older brother to suppress my fe . he often commented on the fact that i was overly sensitive or girly . more recently i have been really trying to be ... i usually get comments that i am a snappy dresser . i don't consider myself super vain about clothes , but it tends to be one of the more organized things in my life haha i work as a graduate ... monty 82 , candycane 75 , and freebeer - thanks to all for the though-provoking responses . i will say that as an infj , i make connections in the same way , i suppose that mine is a more passive ... dear entp ... i wanna like you . i'm supposed to like you . but here's the thing : you're so goddamn cynical ! where's the love ? let's be all about the love . then we'll discuss weird shit . ... fair enough . i would probably agree with you . but what constitutes learning something new ? so far that doesn't really address the question . being challenged intellectually ? constant spontaneity ? ... great , now that i have your attention ( forgive the bait ! ) , i have a question for you enfp's : this need that enfp's have to be consistently engaged in some activity ... do you feel that you are ... infj here . i'm very much of the opinion that respect should be a basic human kindness . i really think of it the other way around : people should be respected until they prove that they do not ... a lot of these are good practices for understanding other types . careful though ! behavior and cognitive functions don't always go hand in hand . i'm an infj , and many people have confused me for an ... depends on the nf type . infp = fi and ne infj = ni and fe enfj = fe and ni enfp = ne and fi the functions play themselves out differently , so you'll see different characteristics with ... infj here . i was curious , so i stopped by the enfp forum today . i must say , these responses are so funny to me . not funny haha - like funny / endearing . here's my question though , how do enfp's ... i believe that we can have relationships that feel to us like soul mates . my best friend and i have talked about this concept . he and i consider ourselves soulmates in a sense of our friendship ... i am told sometimes that i am quiet . usually it's by people who don't know me well . it might be that , in general , i'm more introverted on days the person has seen me , or the subject matter isn't ... that's interesting ! it totally makes sense that a high number of people are i and n types . it seems those are the types that try to reach out with ideas through community resources online . what was ... check this out , everyone ! these people are fantastic , and they have a high level of insight . let me know what you think in the comments . phq : are infjs the rarest type ? : personality hacker that's funny you mention esfjs . my roommate is one , and this year we've been driving each other nuts . the biggest thing i've learned from my experience ( yours may differ . everyone is different , even within ... especially within myers briggs ) i think e / i doesn't really matter , though it may effect ... thank you very much for this perspective . a lot of what you said really resonated with me . i definitely feel the ebb and flow , and it's relieving to be reminding that i'm not solely responsible for ... of course , i'm ( partially ) kidding about the whole feeling thing . the fact that i am an infj has allowed me to gain insight into the lives of a lot of people who are close to me , and they've felt ... not a problem . i could track the stream of consciousness there haha yeah , it's those strong feelings that get us into trouble . infjs would be so logical if it weren't for those damn feels of ours ! infjs ... i have an issue that i've been really struggling with , and i would so appreciate your help if you are willing . i realize this one's a doozy , but if you decide you'd like to offer some ... that i can agree with you on . i tend to form emotional relationships with friends that are really strong , but there's no getting outside of that . usually it's because i perceive a reason why it ... that's such an interesting concept . i can kind of see where you are coming from ... my best friend of 9 years is pretty much my soulmate , but he's a guy haha i find it hard sometimes to have a really ... our idealistic nature can make us very critical of others . we use terms like soulmate because we imagine some person out there who will understand us perfectly and will keep us interested all the ... when you say a really witty burn about something your friend is interested in , see it hurts their feelings , and then spend the next five minutes making it better with nice things ... have you heard about the subtypes of infj ? there are fe / se leanings and ni / ti leanings . you seem to be the former type . it would make sense that you would be more inclined to tune into the emotional ... oh i'm definitely aware of where it comes from . i base things very heavily off of intuition ... which is what tends to be the problem . i can't get out of my head , even when dealing with people . finding out about myers briggs has been a life safer for me in a number of ways . first of all , being an infj , i often felt alone in that no one else seemed to understand how i think . finding out ... [ quote = lemxn ; 2024927 4 ] i think i already explained in so many threads , why and how much i despise fi but there's something that fascinates about them ... ; how deeply deeply they feel . sometimes i am ... that sounds really interesting and fun ! glad you guys had a good experience with it and won ! other infjs are great to be around because you feel like someone understands how you think through things . they're fascinating to me . sometimes it's like looking in a mirror . the biggest ... the biggest problem with fi is with those who have it who don't understand the need for emotional attention and maturation . these are the people with inappropriate outbursts and generally rude ... that's fantastic ! gotta love the smell after rain , especially after a dry spell . i have no idea how a mystery item game even works ... but that's awesome ! isn't it great ? ! it's cool because there aren't too many infjs around in daily life ( at least mine , anyway ) and this forum gets us all in the same place ! so to speak . i'm good for the most part ... '