' i don't have much time , so i'll be short , and possibly not as thorough as i could be ... there are facts . how could there not be ? in this universe , things work a certain way . facts ... 1 . yes , it is feelings , not logic , that drives you to learn . i suppose that means humanity only exists because of feelings ... interesting . but that means that instincts are a feeling , too , since ... hallo , dropping in on ur conversation . :D affinity : few ultimate truths ? ? ? : shocked : every fact is its own truth , though ... so you are saying that you want to learn because once you learn everything , there is no longer a reason for existence , and thus , you are then ready to die ? that makes sense on a personal level , ... so ... what you are suggesting is that we are all one ? that seems like an oxymoron in and of itself ... all one . i'm sorry , my computer-like brain isn't sure how to process this ... here's how i ... my projects are usually better than the groups ' , too . ^ ^ i do kinda the same thing , but i wouldn't describe it as a trance . it's more ... my mind doesn't want to shut down because it's trying to rationalize , categorize , file , and sort the info gathered over ... i know that feeling ... that's the feeling i've had recently . i know i need to do better too , due to the fact that i'm losing debates on this forum ... i actually jumped into a debate that i did not ... when people you're arguing with know you well enough to know that you want them to get a point , but they don't know you well enough to know that you're going to use that point later in the argument , ... that's what i do , and then occasionally they say something important ( but still not interesting ) and i get screwed for not hearing it . my point , though it isn't a pleasant one , is that when you accumulate that knowledge , what happens to it when you die ? it's gone . it doesn't matter to you anymore . and even if you share that ... that makes a lot of sense , now that i think about it . well in this field , that's pretty close to all you can do . xd good heavens ... now i see what it's like to not be objective . o . 0 i'm amazed you intps ' heads don't explode from all that ; you think too much about possibilities and not enough about necessities . ... i never found high school difficult or challenging in the least , at least not academically . i have confidence that i'll survive college ; really , what i'm worried about is the cost , not the academics . this is a much better way of putting what i am thinking . if , hypothetically , those points were all true , you would be correct . however , i am contending whether they are true , not which direction they point . a : time and the universe are illusions ... forgive me if i misunderstand you , but ... are you saying that we control everything , simply because we percieve everything ? when you are born , you do not have control over where you are born . ... yeah , that makes sense to me , kinda . more the being aware of my breathing than the pattern of short bursts , though . thanks . i think ... xd well , despite my brain's ardent protests , i couldn't keep away from a debate like this . in that respect , i am extremely intj . heh . i read the first page ... and then gave up ... ouch ... my head ... i just wandered into this thread after 5 hours of standardized testing . sorry , but not in the mood for this much thinking right now ... just got done taking the act for the third time , this time after 3 months of no school and on about 6 hours of sleep . i think i did better than last time . : cool : though , i had this one piece by ... precisely . but , ultimately , we are going to die anyways . and anyone or anything we might care about enough to die for will eventually fade away as well . so , sacrifice or not , it really doesn't ... if you get over and do it , though , and you are terrible at ad libbing ( i am ) , you'll end up looking stupid . and to me , at least , confident and stupid doesn't seem attractive . and planned ... thank you ! ! ! ultimately it doesn't matter . finally , someone else who sees it ! i feel like this is just argued because neither side wants to give an inch to the other . we could have been created ... interesting . i just have a hard time getting to sleep at any reasonable time , so i stay awake doing stuff until i get tired , and then go to sleep . i figure , why spend your time trying and failing ... well , actually , despite the fact that we are supposedly able to acheive world domination , i don't really feel like it would be a worthy pursuit . i assume other intjs either feel the same way , or ... sounds like the typical intj evil mastermind's childhood . : wink : i have this too . i stay up ' till all hours of the night taking notes about this , designing that , researching the other . and not even for stuff related to school . the next day i frantically work on ... a little more on the subject . i think surprisingly often ( surprising to me , anyways ) about immortality , and thus about death . i think that , rather than fear death , we should be thankful for it in ... i think words and actions both lie . you just have to figure out which parts of what both of them are saying is real , and the patterns associated with each person or type of person , and you'll have ... hey , as some random greek philosopher said : choose a job you like and you won't work a day in your life . ( hey , there are way too many greek philosophers for me to remember all of them , much ... - return introvert fistbump - i forgot to mention my reading stuff . i read a lot . i learned to read books ( like , the 10 page kids ' ones ) by myself at around 3 or 4 years old . by 1st grade , i was ... when i'm exhausted , i can still think , but i start missing details a lot and because of that i often come to incorrect conclusions , or worse , sound like i don't know what i'm talking about . usually ... that seems like a more complicated method of what i do in my head . possibly more effective too , but i'm not about to start studying until i know i need to . it's a waste of time otherwise , imo . my thought process : 1 . this thread is fun ( ny ) . 2 . latin ! ! ! ? ? ? ! ! ! 3 . i love latin oooh goodness 4 . - laughs hysterically at poor translation from latin - 5 . there was a question ? 6 ... oh my word , that's an incredible coincidence . my teacher and a few classmates were just discussing that . well , i feel like i don't really understand what you're trying to tell me , but assuming that my interpretation is correct , i would say you are doing something similar to what i do . especially when i ... i take a certain amount of pride in my occasional bouts of succinctness . : cool : speaking is an action . this . i see no point in worrying about the inevitable , as my time is better spent on other things . slightly ironic , as from an atheistic viewpoint it ultimately doesn't matter how you spend your ... i shut up and refrain from talking when i'm around a girl i like . as has been mentioned , it is not because i don't like her ( i just said i did , duh ) , but because ... well , here's my logic . i fear ... so this is the venting thread . time to vent . fourth day of spanish class . extrovert teacher is extroverted . and expects everyone else to be as well . : bored : everyone in class got a spanish ... i was very ... strange . two things that stand out to me are that i disagreed with my father a lot , because his favorite reason for me to do things was because i told you to do it , which was not a ... well i certainly don't . that's my problem . just asking my own question here , but what should i do when girls that i'm good friends with start liking me ? and i don't like them that way ? i'm ... each one of those describes me either with 100 % accuracy ( 1,2 , 3,4 , 6,8 , 10,12 , 13 ) , or 0 % accuracy ( 5,7 , 9,11 ) . specifically regarding self-help books , i find them to be a useful source of information ... breathe ? well , i suppose being biological organisms , we have to . but i think many of us would prefer not breathing . i would . i mean , it would decrease the overall amount of noise i make , i could ... i joined facebook enthusiastically , but was disappointed . at first , i got to find and talk to lots of people that i hadn't seen for years . but the conversations stagnated , and nothing came out of ... this . exactly this . the only time i would willingly sacrifice my life was if someone i really really cared about was in trouble , or if i knew i was going to die soon anyways . it's hard to say anything more without a ... '