' 1 . 35 and long married . 2 . i'm a big fan of ramen followed by a cappuccino . or the equivalent . something delicious that i can't make at home because i can't cook worth crap , along with good ... jerk ? all i was saying is that you can't dismiss a person's claim to type based on a little forum interaction , which actually supports you . in other words , you don't write like an infj but you ... double post ! i read your quote about enfps and i would argue that they are not all puppy types . not even close . i mean , i'm also assuming you haven't typed all your friends with actual tests , but ... er , i'm hesitant to make a guess about what someone else is based on the subjective viewpoint of a friend . but my instinct is leaning actually toward enfp . i'm not quite sure why i feel this way , ... whereas , i arrogantly believe that my non-partisan viewpoint is the only one compatible with true christianity . :D it's tough because i spent years and years trying to fit into a church and it never really worked , mostly because i had so many questions and i think the sjs saw the questions as a threat to faith . ... unfortunately i know several women who are in a situation like this with one man or another . in my opinion , he is attached to you and likes the benefits he gets from being with you . you make him ... i like an infp . your allegiance to your fi is hard for me to work around and y'all are stubborn as heck , but i can respect that . i'd take an infp any day over ... well , a handful of types . just put ... everything in this thread is so hot . it makes me wonder if i'm a closeted infp . the entp porn thread just made me go meh . i wouldn't call it retarded but this is basically correct . i get into political debates all the time but my function is only to point out biases , ego issues , displacement , etc . every republican i ... the older i get , the less i buy into religion , but the more i buy into god . there's a verse in the bible that says , let god be true and every man a liar . that more or less sums up the metal ... omelette blazers . [ maybe entps shouldn't play . ] not by itself . entp : * rambling some bs about the universe * istj friend : what are you rambling about ? entp : i dunno . don't you ever just think about the cosmos and the meaning of life and stuff ? istj : no ... i wonder . i think any person can project just about any characteristics that they need / want to , at least for a short time . and there's no accounting for mental and emotional health . i took this as self-aware sarcasm . i'm the same way . i turn into a dictator on my birthday and i'm not proud of it . i think my top three are about the same as they've always been , and i've been married for 16 years . but i have only had one serious relationship , so i imagine my values would have evolved had i ... sounds like my mom down to the cancer stuff . i'm pretty sure she's an esfj , too . my comment about football was mostly a joke . rather , it was a joke at my own expense . i know liking sports has ... also , my thirties rock and my twenties sucked . i guess i'm an old entp . the older i get , the less i see anything as unique . all the patterns start to overlay and intertwine until it looks like one big pattern . science , math , people , love , ... sorry for the double post , but i will argue that fe is also objective . it's about maintaining social pleasantries / conventions regardless of how anyone feels about it . if they don't say anything , i won't say anything . if they ask a question , i'll answer it in a what i imagine is an unexpected way . the most common example of my interaction with a cashier goes like ... intimacy commitment creativity ( although this pretty closely mirrors passion for me ) yes , this . i'm strangely territorial , but if someone else wants my territory it just makes me more excited to have it . does it ? ha . it's a rare thing for me . i almost never do things that fall under the category of housewifery , which is part of the reason i always fail when i try . also , i'm married to an intj , so any house ... i crush on many people at once , and in a weird way i kind of like it if they're already attached . i would never try to steal someone away from his girlfriend , but i would take intense pleasure in ... in some ways , being an entp parent is just the worst . you suck at all the si stuff that you know is important for a functional home , and you have just enough fe that you're aware that you're effing ... i remember everything that is a fact or piece of trivia . i mean , almost everything . these are the exceptions : 1 . people's preferences . i don't really care , but sometimes i need to know it . ... yes ! i absolutely love the homemade card . my kids are both artsy and comedic so that makes it even better . sometimes my daughter makes fan-art of the work i've done . hahaha . * starry eyed * * snort * my name's maureen . double thanks . just going with my experience , being ti heavy goes well with my husband's heavy te . i'm quicker about sizing up a situation or finding the logical fallacies in arguments , but he's better at ... fix , nothing . mom's into it . the average is about like this : e : 55 % n : 90 % t : 65 % P: 80 % i took 2 cognitive functions tests yesterday and the ne was really high . ti was higher than te but both were higher than the fs . ... intj husband - him : hey , i learned why the grass grows so much higher under our power lines . me : oh , yeah ? him : the landlady explained that it's because the birds are always hanging out there , ... i'm going with intj . my intp friends are more likely to have dinner with friends , but the intjs i know are taxed by a phone call when there's something else they want to be working on , which is ... heck , i'm going to thank you just for giving me that image . yes . they're not all eunuchs . some of them are complete freaks and i'm okay with that . i'd hit that everyday and make him like it . i have a tendency to befriend istj women and the only time i have a problem with them is when i tip too much . that's a valuable bit of wisdom , actually . thinkers are harder to impress . a crush . a road trip or vacation . a story idea . that's in , like , direct opposition to an entp . at the end of the day i make sure to have sex so i can forget about all the stuff i don't want to have to do . i use my birthday to unpretentiously demand anything i want from people . it's like the only day where i demand stuff . all day long i'll say , make me cupcakes ; it's my birthday . i like that ... be introverted and mysterious . done . based on your description you sound more estp to me . this is just an observation , but there seems to be a desire among smart people to type as n over s . for example , i know several really smart ... don't misunderstand me ; i'm not using logical as a compliment . i don't say it to mean good at logic but rather compelled to use thinking ( as opposed to other cognitive functions . ) i attach no ... i like football better . which played a bigger part in my questioning of my type than i care to admit . yeah , the website sounded like astrology to me . if it's people i really like , i enjoy it while i'm doing it , but it still wears me out . writing is its own beast . the stories i write are ... i do literally , absolutely nothing . if an idea strikes me , i'll stop doing whatever i'm doing until the need to pee overtakes me and i have to move . one time i looked down and i had pulled my sock ... '