' you beat it with a stick . fixed . : tongue : i saw disney's tarzan not too long ago . fluffy story aside , one cannot deny glen keane's skill . at least get rid of her mspaint hat . : confused : i like the fast and furious movies as much as i like drinking steaming cups of diarrhea . by which i mean not at all . i agree with the other stuff , however . : happy : arrogance , and the fact that i overthink / analyze sometimes . fixed . : laughing : hyperbole is more up my alley . i can't think of anything i specifically lie about . : confused : pretending to be pleased with bad xmas presents or pretending to be wowed by bad art counts right ? nothing . while i have weaknesses , i find them more enjoyable to work on and don't consider them shameful . stop it . it's not hard , give it a try . i mean , c'mon . the 10 % of you that are decent can't fight the 90 % of you that are , well , obscene . harrisburg - - an aide to a mccandless state senator known ... i was very unimpressed with the us movie version but it was beautiful nonetheless . i hope it raises awareness about this planet's condition . whoever can carry themselves with intelligence and an open-mind . i don't mind the mbti type but i don't get along well with strong fs or underdeveloped ts . : wink : sign up for obedience classes that teach positive reinforcement . you need to be taught by a professional how to handle and understand your dog properly not ask the internet . you may think spoiling ... don't take it personally ! xd i do this too and it's really just me thinking of something intersting to say . i didn't see it brought up so ... a.pirincci ' s felidae and felidae : on the road . cat noir all the way with enough sex , murder , and occultism to satisfy . what happy people know by d.baker and c.stauth . what do they know ? and how can i exploit it ? :d ry : hark ! a vagrant http://i43.tinypic.com/2ccus0o.png and radical boy they're wonderful . mmm , almond . i'll have to see if i can get some for a special occasion . i enjoy a bit every now and then just to shake up my water and coffee regime . i really like champagne but , unfortunately , i'm not picky yet ! this is a penis thread . stop not posting penises . hell yeah mar-tee-neees ~ <3 appletinis , hold the ' tini , for the lightweights . ouch . harsh words via internet . : mellow : anyway , let's all go out for martinis . there's alot of stressing going on . lance has been good enough to have us elect mods instead of appointing them ... you know , i think this has been brought up before but , for the life of me , i don't remember why irc was turned down . more action ! : laughing : this cafe needs a man of few words and much action . i'm just bringing up that the unfortunately pedestrian composition dulls the grace of the piece . it looks like an attempt to censor something that didn't need censorship . no one can force you to ... better ? : tongue : http://i40.tinypic.com/2wmqp8n.jpg i support troll ( and gool ) . and i also support that this is a better user icon for nemesis . http://i40.tinypic.com/334llqa.jpg pointing out a joke makes it less funny . : wink : http://i39.tinypic.com/2zftr1y.png come on . seriously . : mellow : at the very least , it could be a finger rising up from the earth to touch her boob . is the woman in your user picture standing behind a giant penis ? : crazy : you both apparently have alot against each other and i think a healthy debate will be good for you both and fun for us ... you both apparently have alot against each other and i think a healthy debate will be good for you both and fun for us onlookers . if they agree , i will sooo be making this happen . 10 % of those bets go to neph and i . 5 % to the winner lol i vote daylightsun and calypso / nemesis duke it out . we can label it as the great cafe fight of ' 09 and sell tickets . keep doing what you're doing , dls . : wink : some people never grow up . i think that be part of it as well . some of the users are just real c * * * s and it turns me off from participating . although , i see what you did there mr . , making me log in more frequently to feed my ... now that is good advice . psh , there ar eplaenty of people for you to play with here . : crazy : i think i like th idea of just logging in once a week or month to see if there's anything that interests me . maybe things will get ... i do feel i've gleaned what i can from some of the things at this forum . i think that's what happens with many of the people who suddenly disappear ; they lose interest and find another forum more ... awww ~ : tongue : chat got a little dull the last times i were there . the atmosphere just never does it for me most of the time . but , like i mentioned , it's probably an attention-span thing . : confused : do you mean social stigma ? : tongue : long time no type , folks ! : crazy : i've been here , i believe , about a month or so after the cafe opened and posted fairly regularly but as time has gone by i've found myself losing interest in ... my god the world is over . : confused : : shocked : no ! ! ! arenahomme thread hijack ! i'll try to stay active this time . : laughing : it is our greatest skill ! :p roud : btw i leave for a little bit and sg is banned ! wowee . looks like you bought three incompatible and aggressive fish out of ignorance and killed them all with it . i'll kill it for you . : wink : sold my friend ! cooking ; there's your problem . : crazy : dave . the . barbarian . black . 2 teaspoons of sugar . occasionally i'll have a little almond milk . i try to lay off adding much because of the caloric content . 15 calories a tsp when you drink as much coffee as i do ... '