' i hate it when i talk to someone who should be helping me ( like someone in a licensing office , or a service / repair hotline ) and all they do is parrot meaningless words to me . when i ask a specific ... i'm not add , but this happens to me . my mind is full of currents and undercurrents of thoughts . i try to follow a wave through to its end , but often i get sucked in by another one , so that i wind up ... your approach seems to me an odd way of developing a story ... but hey , we all do things differently . we all look for different things in what we consider a good story but there are some basics that ... my best ( and nearly only ) friend is infp . we have wonderful deep discussions and for the most part build on one another . however , i am befuddled by her emotional skittishness . rarely is it me , ... both ... sometimes this and sometimes that ... i expect many intp's could say that ? i suppose i would , and maybe that's why it's hard to answer . i don't know that it's so much about trust , per se , ... i think there may be some truth to that . as i ponder this question i am realizing that i do have emotions , but that i pay them little attention--if any--at least most of the time . they may well be ... venting ... just want to point out that those infp problems ... the the hurt feelings ... are annoying to me . hurt feelings ! here i am , with some real problems on hand , and my infp friend wants to cry ... i wish i were on comet 67p with the philae probe . i think there is some truth to this . i don't like others to know what i am feeling about things . hm , that must mean i feel something . however ... those feelings are weak . it's not like i burst into ... simple question - - which probably has a pretty complex answer : do intp's have diminished emotions , or do they just bury them ? are we like spock , who learned to subdue his emotions ... or are we ... i have found that my fe has grown as i have matured . there was a stretch , ( when it first became noticeable to me , ) where it nearly over-whelmed me . i had to learn to keep it in its place . the ... i am here , wandering through this site , because i'm resisting doing something else---something productive . actually , quite a few something elses . it may look like simple procrastination on the ... my two sons and i are all introverts . when dad is away we have a life-style that works great for all . we each stay to ourselves most of the time , working on our own individual projects , interacting ... people have a hard time believing that i am an introvert . i can do the social thing . but inside , i'm nearly always screaming to go home , and even when i am with family , or those who are closest to ... i'd probably go out more if my invisibility cloak still worked . if you wore yours too would i be able to see you ? i have a very silly sense of humour that makes me seem child-like ... and maybe way to childish . pfft . i love the puzzled faces of people who don't get it . hey - - - you stole my pipe dream ! i found the same happen to me as i have travelled a longer road . i am open to much more than when i was young . i grew up in a religious setting . rights and wrongs were absolutes , all based on the ... regarding ego : sometimes i wish i had a bit more ! i cringe as others wave theirs like machetes ... and watch as they make a way for themselves . far too often i curl up in myself , looking for a path to ... a world without problems ... how awesome - - - not realistic though . should it ever come to be , people would still need challenges to be happy . challenges don't necessarily have to be troubles . if ... an intp may come out of shell to study you . i'm hardly an expert ... but i am intp , and watching the new doctor strikes pretty close to home for me . i feel like all my flaws are being laid bare though him . i've noticed he seems to be alone more ... correct me please ... just do it gently . good point ! mixed company is less likely to be driven to rutting . i still wonder how i'd get along with another intp woman , as i don't believe i've ever had the opportunity to get to spend time ... haha ! my husband might have a bit of a problem with me seeking out relationships with other men . when i was a teen most of my friends were male . geeky males . we had the best conversations ! sigh ... a delight to imagine , but perhaps too much to hope for . you have put a smile on my face in any case ! some thoughts of mine : if i were in a room with 200 women chances are only one other would be intp . that explains why i have trouble relating to other women , but it also makes me feel ... abnormal . i ... i feel like an alien all the time ... and i am way past 16 . i've gotten used to it , but that doesn't mean i like it . i've more or less given up on being understood and settle for trying to understand . yes . i have always felt more comfortable around men , though to be honest many are just as dull ( with sports talk etc ) as the frilly women i avoid . if i have to be around people i prefer them to be open , ... true ! the way to do it is fill your head with great ideas ... but don't act on them ! i read a lot - if you count what i find exploring on the internet . but i just skim most things , unless they really grip me . as far as actual books go , i'm pathetic . i love stories , but i can't keep ... @ thedoctorlies , and any other whovians out there ... season 12 - - - looking better and better as it nears ! ! ! don't even get me started on my enthusiasm for the doctor and all he represents ... hm ... i can't decide if i have the time to reply to this post or not ... i have one friend - an infp . we have an awesome relationship most of the time . of course , we live miles apart , so the pressure on my private time is never too much . but she is there when i need her ... op , i really get what you are saying . it's a problem i deal with all the time too . is it possible to convince others to consider your point of view if you have no hard evidence ? my experience shows ... watch a favourite tv show ( preferably doctor who ) ... listen to music , usually classical or soundtracks ... go for walks alone ... sip coffee in my garden ... play video games or puzzles ... work on an ... when i was a child i had trouble shutting my brain down at night so i used to rock myself to sleep by rolling from side to side in bed . i know i've had a few quirky behaviours ... but annoyed ... it is good practice to keep sharp wits . sigh . sad to say , but even gentle men have trouble seeing how women are treated . i take comfort in knowing that time has brought many positive changes ... and ... confession : i have barely skimmed this thread . my own thoughts on this , based on my personal experience , therefore hardly to be generalized ... i am not one to push my ideas and tend to be quiet ... i have a great friend who is infp . we have great discussions , but different approaches . our biggest differences : - she does things because she feels like it . not me ! i don't feel like doing much ... a voice calls from the sky : where are you ? i've been looking for you all for millenniums ! we're out of toilet paper ... as soon as i find some i'd like to join you . if only i knew where you are ... i'm tired of listening to people talk about other people . i want to talk about stuff , not people . i want to talk about thoughts and ideas ... this is me venting . this is me being sad because i need ... original star trek . flintstones . gilligan's island ... though i could barely stand any of the characters . now i wonder why they wanted to leave such a peaceful haven . tv was better when my kids ... if it's different perspectives you are looking for ... i may have one . i'm a middle aged intp woman . i've been married for over 30 years to an esfj , and we have 3 grown children . sometimes i feel like ... your honesty is what can save you in times like these . you may not feel like it , but you are being honest with yourself , even if just recognizing you have a problem . that's the first step to the ... i just did the test on the other thread and found the questions much clearer with results that lined up with my expectations . keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes is it just me , or are these questions open to too much interpretation ? i would find it better if they asked us to choose between two options ... ie . would you look to history to base your choices , or ... i'd like to be his companion because i find him so fascinating ... i'd love to be alongside him and enjoying his company . i know several people who would love to be the doctor . but i would rather ... i hear ya ! we want honest opinions ... but they'd better be good ! sigh . maybe you're like me . no matter how much positive feedback i get , i still doubt myself . i'm immune to it . :( '