' would be interested in a detailed answer to this question also . would love to answer properly but i agree and i my view is yes , because i procrastinate every day in many areas of my life ... i believe we are superb at being perfectionists and it causes many problems in life for me . sent from my samsung galaxy note 2 thanks for that advice . i'm used to writing a few paragraphs , usually around 300 characters . i agree with your thoughts on this and i will speak to my psychologist and see if that helps .  ... i agree , it's mind numbing and the engery i had to put into understanding it was out of the ordinary . i was maybe to quick to judge how good his reply actually was . in a sense i don't think it ... perhaps i should have reread the whole thing a couple of times . i do this a lot , where i get confused about what the reply is trying to say . maybe my mind was elsewhere trying to concentrate on his ... haha i actually read these before i'm on the mailing list for this website . thanks for pointing them out though , rereading them won't hurt . i feel my problem is more of a mental block and ... i have been reading around the internet about us intps and i stumbled on a post on another forum , originally posted in 2008 . this guy explained his problems and i can relate heavily with how he ... thanks for the replies everyone . constructive criticism is always a good thing . i have always wanted to work for myself and earn my own income , i'm intp and autonomy is what i crave most . i love ... this is me everyday , you couldn't have described me better lol sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk i got this from the personalityjunkie website and i would like to hear others experiences and opinions on this . or if you could explain it in your own words . reason i ask is i want to understand ... you don't have an example you can give me do you ? sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk thanks for the above suggestions and advice . i do find walking my source of inspiration as it does help the mind generate ideas sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk definitely agree with you tangosthenes . i'm like that too , we're i'm distracted by my own mind . drugs help me enormously when wanting to use my mind more creatively . i dont think it's weird for you ... that certainly makes tons of sense indeed . thanks for that polly :) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk just read that pdf and i can relate to this soo much . i have looked at add and adhd in adults , i have researched the symptoms and behaviours of persons with add and adhd as adults . i have to say i'm ... start by doing what . what motivates an intp to get out of the thoughts and the mumbo jumbo going on in the head , to finally get started ? sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk i'm starting to think i want to be with an intp myself . but not sure on an intp - intp relationship sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk you know this actually resembles me in a large amount . i would be that type of intp and i've just actually found out i did this about a week ago . i have been close to this girl for a while but i ... you know your intp when you have been surrounded by others having small talk and you can't be there so you get up and leave to be alone and think sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk that helps tremendously so it does thank you b ) i'm quite like you in terms of grasping ideas and quickly making sense and can explain the main points and facts of a speech to someone who has ... so can you give some examples of breaking down some complex idea or situation . are you saying you focus on non fiction so that it's easier to break down something into a broader picture covering ... especially ideas where the actions are aimed at helping others . i must have a natural want to help people through my experiences in life . its usually when i sit and show gratitude for the good in ... i would like to know the answer to the same above sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk tried saliva back in the day sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk david keirsey , please understand me ii intps are free-spirited idea mills and absentminded professors , which makes them fun to be around , easily diverted , and a plethora of unending creativity ... no post secondary education is what i meant yes . i understand it's fine and there's still possible jobs , but it's those jobs that hold no meaning to me . they bore and frustrate me . i've no desire to ... i've always been interested in writing about subjects i love but never have the motivation and desire to even start typing . the mind becomes a distraction . sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk i can't for the life of me except working in boring and meaningless jobs that don't offer me a reason to get out of bed . even money or the basic daily expenditure of life doesn't interest or ... being goofy is fine with me :) i am very alike , once i'm pushed i unleash with words never before , imagined lol . i dont have the patience to hurt a fly with all that buzzing around they do lol . ... as an intp i was long for a relationship where someone can show me they love me through affection and care . i'm not demanding in the sense but i must feel a connection and feel like there is ... autonomy and less structured for me . i've had my share of jobs and never really liked any of them apart from the call centre job where i only really enjoyed talking to people on the phone while ... lol i appreciate your kindness well :) you strike me as laid back and quite toyish with those comments lol ? ? sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk bag of minstrels :) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk ahhh i see lol , i'm obviously not the brightest haha sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk if you worked for yourself hiring an assistant to do annoying tasks like that helps . although , then again that presents more to worry about . backtracking again : rollseyes : sent from my gt-n 7100 ... may you explain perc ? is that perceiving ? sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk yea i think you are lol , meow to begin the sentence , that's intriguing about someone's personality to me . i'm thinking more along the lines of 8-10 % don't ask my why but i think that's a decent ... i feel this way all the time . its so frustrating and annoying and in my eyes our biggest downfall as intps . i hate jobs , i can't work in a job and be happy or feel content . i always want to be my ... the title kind of gives it away , but i'm not sure it's sufficient enough to better understand where i'm in need of guidance here if at all . consider this a diary of my thoughts , thoughts i've never ... you don't look cause i can't see you . but you sound like a tigress yea . i can't begin to put it into words , but judging by the way you ask questions , i gather you are intriguing . i dont believe intps ... would love to hear more opinions on this ! sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk thanks , that explains it for me ;) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk :) that's good then :) hmm very interesting statistic . i'm glad you say that well , i'm not surprised you find us easy to build bonds with :) i like that . and certainly not unrelated now lol , yes ... no i can assure you now you don't need to question your sanity and judgement at all . lying is the seed of doubt as i like to call it ;) that's all you need to say to yourself . the lies are what's ... i was recently told by an enfp that i must understand and develop my fe and now that makes sense when you say that . sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk is that your judging coming into play ? what is the function that deals with that ? anyone know ? sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk i see , then accept my apologies for assuming lol , that is pretty interesting now that you say it :) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk i just done this about an hour ago , although on a different target . i feel your fucking pain ;) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk could you elaborate on the crazy ne tangent ? i'm thinking it could be something along the lines of self sabotage , i've no idea why or how , but to me it kind of relates to my behaviours . the ... just reading this now :) appreciate your kindness to put this article up for me . i shall get back to you once i have digested this :) sent from my gt-n 7100 using tapatalk '