' some important things to note . just because someone is an s does not mean they won't show some intuitive traits . we are all human , and all humans have the ability to intuit , even sensing ... gotye ? innovative songwriter / composer . has a current massively popular song that is pretty much about si . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY oh and totally looks like the joker . i was replying to the post above you . sorry i missed this one . any type can be goofy . it mostly depends on the levels of the functions . watch the show and you'll see him all the time have ... woah woah woah . wait . no . 1 . sokka , estp not entp . the whole quest for him is about learning intuition . i love sokka , i would love for him to be an entp . but he just isn't . 2 . iroh , intj . so ... it can be . choice is a very defining aspect of who we are . if i choose to smack a kid in the face , people around me are going to think i'm not a very nice person , but maybe the reason i did it was to ... i've read it before . i like that website , i understand their argument . and they might be right , i'm not saying with 100 % certainty that they are wrong . i never say anything with 100 % certainty . ... this is my answer for this . the brit dane norwegian swede do not own fishes . however the german could own anything , not just a fish . who has the fish is indeterminable because the fish is ... i've noticed a lot people like to type people as an intuitive when they ; - are creative / innovative - are mysterious - have great foresight - have a unique outlook and a lot of people want to ... three commonly mistyped entp's , i'm pretty sure all these are not entp's . barrack obama - enfp jon stewart - intj * seriously , go watch an interview where he steps out of character . stephen ... pretty sure matt bellamy is an infj . jerry seinfeld ? isn't he an istj ? at least he has te not ti see for yourself---v http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzhypkGmdBA i have two questions for you lynette 1811 , what type do you want to be , and why ? oh yeah . that is one reason i loved it . sokka ( estp too right ? ) had the same lesson during the sokka's master episode where the master showed him how to use ni to make his se even more useful . or ... * cough * intj infp do not have the same functions as infp's have ne / si and intj have ni / se . * cough * wow . i just watched the two episodes ... could they spell out she needs to learn how to use intuition any harder ? i'm reading a lot of both infp and infj in your answers . the two types are mistaken a lot , just like any xxxp / j pair . ( <- that sounds like i have some very naughty pajamas . ) if you feel like ... have you ever read the vampire lestat ? basically when lestat and armand meet for the first time , it is a war between ne vs si . lestat accuses armand of having little to no imagination , to being a ... so i've been reading the vampire lestat recently ... and it is really shocking to see that a large portion of the book is pretty much ne vs si . if anyone feels like helping me type some of the ... it has been pretty thoroughly established that robert downey jr . is an entp . tony stark , entp . sherlock , entp . guy in natural born killers , entp . chaplin ... i don't know , but i'd guess entp as well ... oh and the main villain , i typed him as an entj during the movie , but in real life he is an estp . i typed sherlock , in this movie , as an entp . watson as an isfj , he doesn't regularly think out loud , and tends to react with feelings rather than thinking . isfj is the true opposite of entp . i ... everything we do relies on past experiences . i believe personally that si is more about separatism , the focus on the word past in everyone's description of si is a little misleading . si is ... let's take , for example , dr . manhattan . if you watch the movie or read the book , most people type dr . manhattan as an entp . however , pre-god dr . manhattan is actually a istj . his becoming god-like ... ... i know what asperger's is . even if he does have it ... that doesn't mean his usage of si isn't 100 % clear . i see so many people arguing between intp and intj for sheldon ... it makes me think that many people on this website have no idea how to type people . sheldon is the clearest example of an istj ... really think zooey is a istp in real life . people aren't regularly casted to play one type unless they are that type . i really don't see her as having fi at all ... watching her interviews , i see her ... but this isn't really the point of the movie ... its not a love story , he doesn't end up with summer . its about learning from being with someone who was wrong for both of them . summer wasn't a ... she is extremely clearly a istp . look at her , she has tp face . she doesn't talk , act , move , think , project , glow , or whatever you want to place here like an intj . she is such a feelings inferior ... tom - infj : i really don't see him as a thinking inferior . he has big plans , but is having trouble adapting them to reality . the guy likes to think . and whenever he is thinking out a problem , he ... promise nothing could be a sign more of what creeps in the dark days ahead than the promise , “ everything will be alright . ” everything will be ok . the prophets have vanished from the ... two and a half men . i can't get through two and half minutes . as i read this one , i read ne , si , fe , ti , fe , ti , fe , ti . :P on a second note . it is ok if i post a few poems here right ? easy to smile my mind burns raw poetry . i squeeze it into ... the body the body lay in shimmering blood . flies ; licking the pale white eyes , cleaning their plates . the iris once flooded with color , faded , lightly bleached in the rays of the sun . ... i thought because , it being halloween and all . halloween themed typing ! jack skellington - entp ( clearly ) sally - infj or infp . * i kind of want her to be an infj so i'm slightly bias * the mayor ... having met tommy wiseau in person , i can tell you for sure that he is an esfj . it's really pretty simple . t is logic based , f is based around what is good . let's say we gave a fi user , and a ti user the same puzzle to figure out . the ti user will look at the puzzle , try to ... one of my best friends is an entj , and all he ever thinks about seems to be what is best for everyone . no feelings involved , just what is going to the best thing for everyone . morals aren't really a ... rick - entj shane - estj - both shane and rick are feeling inferior . their whole conversation at the beginning of the show talks about that . the reason you see a ton of feelings going on with rick ... i kind of think he is an istp . but it is hard to tell . he is very ... extroverted in a creepy way . he doesn't care what people think or feel about the things he says ... hmm . i have given some thought to it ... i still don't know . he is a ixxp , either feelings or thinking inferior , it is hard to tell which . and i don't know if he is n or s , probably s . he doesn't naturally use ti . it is something he learned to do because he isn't normal . anytime you hear him speaking thoughts internally , that is ti , and you hear it a lot in the show . he is supposed ... this is my best guess for everyone in the show . dexter - intj debra - esfj - very much fe dominate . during the first season you see how much she doesn't like thinking , how easily and ... dexter is very clearly a t . unhealthy intp's and entj's are often confused for f's because of how visible their emotions can be because of their inferior function . this is my three step process of ... ice truck killer - intp i think you're right on most of them , and for some i'm still trying to figure out . mostly angel . the one i really don't think is right is debra being an estp . its possible ... when he is not being insane , when he tries to act normal , you can see intp coming out . he acts a bit more like an s when he is trying to kidnap the girl in the beginning , but really he was using ne ... good point sir . i'll probably revise it if i get around to it . also keep in mind that most of this post was to get the thoughts out of my head and maybe learn something while writing . honestly i have only seen one mad fe inferior , an istp . i mean , mad . as admitted i don't have a very good grasp on what it looks like . and also honest , when i originally posted this i forgot the ... i know what he is thinking almost every second of the show . however , it might be because he is my shadow . i've considered this . i don't know . well , i know why people think he is an i , because the actor himself is an i . the actor is very much an intj . and saying that he is fe inferior ... i just ... don't see it . i don't see any amount of ... submitting to evidence . don draper : i have my life , and it only goes in one direction ; forward . this is said to his younger brother , alex , in the episode 5g . in this episode , his brother ... i really don't think jeffery dahmer is an n . i think he is clearly an isfj . the main thing about typing serial killers is seeing their inferior functions . how they kill ... it expresses that . ... '