' thanks for this . this is an epiphany i just reached this year , and it indeed changes your life . it's strange how we think that by keeping ourselves in pain we'll somehow resolve it , when we actually ... what publication is this particular excerpt from ? how is that , exactly ? the golden rule focuses on our fundamental needs , and in that way it is the very definition of empathy . sure , not everyone likes vanilla ice cream , but we all like for people to recognize our unique ... i love your avatar . i immediately knew you were an intp when i saw it . :D awesome ! this is exactly the sort of information i needed . how exactly did you compile this knowledge ? do you purchase work-out magazines or just internet research ? lol @ eragon . what is your lifting routine like ? as in how many reps , how many lifts per rep , what kind of lifting ? if you don't mind ... i've been wanting to get into lifting for a while now but i just don't know ... i've appreciated a lot of your thoughts here on this thread , but in the past few pages your comments have become particularly and unjustifiably nasty . the infp who posted here was stating his / her ... i disagree with your point entirely (: d ) our use of adjectives is rarely absolute . when someone attributes the label smart to himself , or to anyone , they are rarely if ever implying that he is the ... - middle school in general was a time of super-concentrated embarrassment . funniest moment : it was field day ( you know that event in march when everyone goes outside and you can buy candy and get on ... i , too , formed this sort of friendship , but it only lasted a day . it was the weirdest yet most thrilling experience . i was taking a health field class at a local tech center my senior year and all ... i totally relate ! that's one of the reasons i appreciate bjork so much . she has this uncanny ability to construct sonic landscapes , lush musical islands with plenty of open space to traverse several ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvlFWmvgeVI my favorite song of 2012 . wow ... i can relate to every-single-word-of-this-post . lol at randroids . this ... is simply not true . there have been copies of biblical texts such as the dead sea scrolls found preserved in caves that date back as far as 225 bce . there are modern translations of the bible ... with the posting of this opinion you are simultaneously in violation of it . now how's that for irony ? you see , you're using the concept of morality to justify calling someone else a piece of ... can you really expect them to know that you have these problems ? it's a normal question and it's unreasonable of you to get angry with them because they don't know the intimate details of your ... blasphemy ! ! ! * * * internet backhand * * * this thought here ... has really struck a chord with me . it's hilarious because i've always been drawn to incredibly quiet people for that reason : i always thought there was something deep , profound ... i've been guilty of this many times . not the blow-off thing , but the super-sensitive thing . the funny thing is , when i feel slighted in some way , i'm usually fully aware of the extenuating ... i see your point . i've read dr . aj drenth extensively and understand that the dominant-inferior pair as well as the aux-tert work in conjunction with one another . in fact , none of the functions can ... remember that the article mentioned this point : naturally , you can see plenty of dominant-style fi in etjs , secondary-style fi in ifps , and so on--even inferior-style fi in ifps . most ... brilliant analogy ! i like this list , but there are some aspects of it that i believe would benefit from an alternate perspective . some of these suggestions seem more likely to indulge the unacceptable behaviours ... could you expound on this idea a bit more ( i know it's been a while ) . sure , there exist differences based on sex and race , but how , exactly , do you think that should influence interpersonal relations ... arclight there is a very interesting bible account that actually involves living people and blood , and it might shed further light on the principle behind god's command to abstain from blood .  ... i understand why you may be offended by how he presented his arguments . what i don't understand is why this sort of reasoning doesn't occur to intjs when they're the ones who are guilty of it . there ... it's funny how all the intjs are thanking this post that advocates diplomatic speech when in so many threads they denigrate this sort of communication as unnecessary . really , all that sim as stated ... are you sure this was an infj ? if you are , how so ? interestingly , i've never longed for a defender , per se . being the unabashed wierdo i was as a kid , i was definitely an easy target , but i learned way too fast to defend myself , as i could never rely ... i can definitely relate to your experiences . there's this personality quiz on facebook called mypersonality that measures the big 5 factors thought to comprise personality type . i scored extremely ... i disagree with this thought . though i'm sure there are extraverts who have had this experience , it sounds like you're inflating its frequency or at least distorting the proportions . according to big ... i completely get this ! ! : crazy : practically everything you have typed here describes how i understand my own socio-cognitive processes . my ni encompasses a rather detached , extremely byzantine and ... this thread is awesome . the moon ... i can't say anything that doesn't sound terribly cliched , so this will have to do: http://www.arcelormittalorbit.com/images/myjourney/uploads/_large/MyJourney_InAwe2.jpg i feel ... i'm really glad that you posted this inquiry . it's interesting to note the correlation between the infj type and disdain for social conventions about so-called masculine behavior , and i have to say ... march ! ! ! welcome back ! i haven't even read your post yet , but your responses on fe - from an outside perspective thread blew my mind . i'm glad to see you've joined the discussion ! hmmm . well i guess i must admit fault for not acknowledging your explanation of se's weakpoints . but it should be noted that i didn't disagree with them either . the assumption has been made that i ... well , what's interesting is that i didn't even think this thread would become a matter of debate , just an exchange of ideas . you made a comment and i told you i disagreed , and explained why . then you ... also she keeps correcting me on things that i've already demonstrated i knew . she tells me the inferior is always unconscious , but did i not just post , the very nature of ni is unconscious and so ... stop with the ' we're so special & superior ' crap . this really makes no point other than to appear superior & special & ' complex ' . these two comments demonstrate that she's inflating my ... well i thought that we might be able to have a civil , fair discussion , but since you can't seem to keep from projecting these delusions of grandeur on my words , i'm feeling that this discussion is ... i definitely appreciate this clarification . i can definitely see how tastes could be related even more so to fe than to se . but there are others who do not subscribe to the belief that the inferior ... you keep dismissing the responses of everyone who disagrees with you , but are you actually reading and understanding what is being said ? i'm perfectly willing to admit my faults . that venting thread ... hmm , some of my bestest buds are isfjs . the ones i know are extremely humble , excellent listeners . plus they're super smart and hard-working . what poor experiences have you had with them ? have they ... i remember when i reprimanded you on this thread for being so insensitive with intjs ... after having dealt with quite a few myself ... i completely understand.lol thanks alot for this comment . it demonstrates a great deal on insight on the infj type . you intps are so cool ... i almost died from laughter at this ! i have been in that situation so many times ... but i'd like to think i'm pretty good at masking it.lol '