' great argument ! : rolleyes : while you are young , is common that you act very antisocial . this is because you use your function ni over all . at some point you will grow up ( you develop your functions in your all lifetime ) . you ... i didn't say that they aren't intj , i asked if that was a common behavior for intj , . some guy here tell that is common , and other that is common between fi users , and i didn't disagree because it ... and you need to use your sexuality , race , gender and invented mental disorders to accomplish that ? that is definitely sad . from where i come from , those things doesn't define you , if you want to be ... oh , dear ... i fear them too . they are so random and dangerous . they are like joker ( well ... joker is an entp , so ... ) my moves are beyond the understanding of any mortal : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-LzQ_2e3tw&hd=1 soo ... putting posts and tumblrs to back up my statements of how this people want attention is now considered inflamatory intentions ? ... lol , you should never go to a trial . dude , you can ... how would you know what i want ? you say that i cannot judge people because i am not in their heads , but now you are judging me by what do you believe that i want ? it seems a little hipocrit from you ... i wanted to ask why someone would do such thing , so ... yeah , i will continue talking about what they do in a post made to fullfil the answer of why they are attention whoring . if this was a thread of ... i am not saying that some of those sexual orientation are false . you can like men , women , women with penises , idk . but they use their sexuality to show off how statiscally improbable they are , and ... teenagers today : http://personalitycafe.com/attachments/myers-briggs-forum/48424d1335975289-im-special-snowflake-sheeple-1-.jpg [ font = sarcasm ] what you just said is very rude , ableist and racist . check your fucking privilege , you white cis scum ! [ / font ] this remind me ... http://static.zerochan.net/Cross-Over.full.1695422.jpg lol . i think that our arrogance and our lack of tact make us unliked . it is not their fault , and i couldn't say that is ... you may think that i was exaggerating ... i wish i was : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8y1GbBhu9hA&hd=1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTq1IzE4kqU&hd=1 how in the seven hells you can believe that some 13 years old guy on internet with obviously narcissism , has anything of value to say to the community of people who actually spent years of their ... i am sure that being a otherkin , having headmates and prefer pronouns are bullshit invented by teenagers wanting to be special yes it does , because it is all about consensus ... if the world ... double post . you can be intj and do what do you want with your genitals . what is wrong here , is using your sexual orientation ( real or invented ) religion , gender , race , personality and invented mental ... sorry for not following the words fashion of teenagers in tumblr . i just gave you a like because i love your signature . back to the point ... are not the infj the ones with the messiah complex ? thinking that they are the choosen one ? that sounds very ironic ... when i discovered mbti and my type , i was like : oh ! cool ! there isn't anything wrong with me , i am just rare , there are a lot of people like me , i am not alone ! . but then i started to search more ... https://psyphics.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/cognitive-functions.png if you can understand this image without any explanation at all , then you are probably a ni user , an intj i just want to add , that our siblings are the entj , and our cousins are the xntp . : th_sur : is like a cute puppy . i give him only healthy food and i have him locked inside my house . i don't let him free in the street . i don't know if this is normal nor healthy , but i have really high standards with looking a girlfriend . i had fallen in love of a friend like 5 years ago , but since she wasn't a smart , and more like ... 4x50 sit-up and back and arms excersice of 3x10 with weights of 15 kg , 6 times per week . all of this in my own house . oh ... i do that too , but i added logical reasons to preserve myself . i don't like to show the little infp inside of me D: so ... i cannot have a person to love , talk about random stuffs and having sex , and also doing cool plans at the same time ? that is very sad . * for us . ( i am not a native english speaker ) i am 20 yo , working too much in my studies , job and my development , but i still need someone who i can develop more my fi and do other things . i am ... i am guessing that some infp has an intx ex boyfriend . ^ how do you make a society to last for 60 minutes until end up killed and with coup d'état so ... lying ... what kind of person i should use as mask ? ... i will murder a puppy with my own hands in front of you just to recover my intjness i need to make other non nt friends to learn social skills and develop my last functions . also to have partners in business and someone who i can share my thoughts and have a feedback of it people used ( and some still do ) to say that i have something wrong with myself . i didn't cared about their opinion , not because i didn't like their opinion , just because i assumed that they were ... english - advanced-fluent spanish - native german - basic ( currently learning ) this is the most repetitive post of this forum , and i will give you the most repetitive answer : learn cognitive functions . for sex , i avoid it because : - it require time , strategy and money to get laid . too much work when i could use it for studying and working . - it creates a dependency . if i have sex , i will want ... enfp and enfp ? i mean ... it will be like two golden retrievers in human form with this i mean : do you avoid drugs , sex , alcohol and smoke ? i was wondering if entj have this sort of control for their lifes . not in a religious perspective . i have several reasons to avoid sex ... i dind't received any pm so far well , this sounds like an opportunity to develop more my fi . i am in . this is just like an interview or a poll . right ? maybe because this is not real life . you don't have to care too much for the other one feelings . their opinion would not affect you in anyway . so , this remove fi and se , and give fully control to ni ... game of thrones of course ... it has more boobs , blood and dragons ... and peter dinklage . if you think that you just fucked up ... the battle of cartagena de indias uk : 27,400- 30,000 military personnel spain : 3,000- 4,000 military personnel it was an amphibious military engagement ... i had this mental image of my [ metaphoric ] heart : a little and lonely cabin in a inhospitable environment , in middle of nowhere , with strong winds , low temperatures and nothing at sight . but ... what do you think about our dear cousins ? personally , i love entj people , until they think that they are the commander supreme lord shit , at that moment i feel disappointed , and i start to mess ... why would she needs you ? are you going to donate an organ to her ? but for the rest . trust me ... if she spend extra time just to be with you , even if she didn't say it , she likes your company . the op is gay , and he says that his intj always paid the dates '