' yep , yep , yep , especially the last one . yep , agree . yep , sounds like me . funny to have your personality explained so simply by someone else . someone wrote that in a thread here , and i thought it was a great quote . i was wondering , how do you use your empathy and intuition in your everyday life to effectively manage people or handle ... oh , gosh yes ! ! ! never knew this was an infp trait . i think you're right . it can make us vulnerable to suggestion . i understand your point but also realize that feeling these feelings of others is not something which is always voluntary . it's not something you consciously seek out . it just happens that you get ... hit . nail . on . head . : happy : i think infps are cerebral . they tend to think through things before speaking . they try to connect various thoughts and ideas in a way that makes sense to them before sharing it with anyone . so , ... yes , when i'm stressed and feeling overwhelmed in these instances , my irrational mind takes over and races a mile an minute with the most crazy thoughts when i'm stressed in this mode . my mind goes ... so , i'm finding that it's sometimes a little difficult to quiet the mind , and maintain a sense of calm . i actively find new strategies to help me regain and maintain a feeling of separateness or ... the following are my favorites so far : attraction doesn't always mean someone is a good or right fit . and yeah , relationship skills are key . if partners don't listen or respect each other across those generational gaps , then it will ... i answered this in another part of the forum but i'll add my opinion here : happy : i used to idealize the younger / older relationship and really wanted to be in that kind of relationship until i ... i admit that on many occasions , i have read a little too much into someone's facial expressions and found myself confirming biases than truly being impartial or objective about what i was seeing . i ... or you use your lunch time at work to catch up on reading or look out the window of the cafe or cafeteria wondering what others things you'd love to be doing . yes , guilty of this , seeing or reading things in people's facial expressions , underlying feelings or vibes which scream out at me while the person and everyone else thinks it's below the surface . or ... to support what others have said , yes , usually if someone regardless of type , discuss an issue by talking it through with us , then it probably helps . they tend to feel accepted and comfortable ... sometimes , it makes me think i'm paranoid and just seeing things , which i admit can be a possibility : unsure : but it does make me feel a little awesome to know that i can pick up on things others may ... i think the infp is just reacting to your strong belief that you are right because you believe you are more logical or objective because of your t . they are responding to your assumption that ... not sure if this is an infp thing or an nf thing , but do you notice subtle differences in meaning when observing or communicating with people ? do you find that you can take something apart and break ... how do you feel when someone confides in you ? - feels good that someone feels they can trust me with that info and feels good to know they think i can be that person who can handle their crap .   ... yep ! i'll lay around for a long period of time doing nothing then suddenly get this surge of energy and then try to do many things in the evening or at night , things i should have done earlier in ... my favorites . :d ry : love should never be just a many splendored thing . it should be a many treasured thing . potayto , potaaato , tomayto , tomato , let's just call the whole thing a vegetable slop . yep , yep , yep . sooo true . i found out a while back that this is called catastrophizing . and i do it a lot . it's almost like second nature . agree . one sided relationships are not worth it in the long run . and clearly aren't fair to the partner who invests quite a bit sometimes at great cost without receiving very much in return . yes , it's our way of connecting with our fi since we sometimes have to keep it tucked away in the shadows in our day to day lives . it's our time to breathe or exhale . seeming all business and serious usually does it sometimes . but unfortunately , they also can make people think something is wrong and want to talk to me even more . so , maybe that doesn't work so ... introversion is that time for me to just be without trying too hard to be something else . being around people makes me self conscious and consequently other-directed . i often act and behave in ways ... leoni so much of what you've said clicks with me . i don't like being in a fish bowl or being the center of attention . i work in a small office right now , and i like it . it's more relaxed . i like the ... sometimes , i am not sure what works until i meet someone . it's sometimes the qualities of the individual which attracts you rather than a particular set of qualities . for example , the last person i ... this ^ ^ ^ . pls , stop reading my mind . : laughing : seriously , this is very true though . thought it was just me . yes , i do it but i am also realizing how uncomfortable it can be for the person being observed in this way . when i'm not sure of someone and i'm still figuring them out , i tend to observe them quite ... if you're a good french teacher , that's good . we need more of those . both and none at all . sometimes , i want to hide myself to protect it from the abuses of the world or protect the world from me : laughing : and sometimes , i want to seek which for me means , allowing ... i am very guarded as a result of the experiences i've had over the years . i don't really think of people the way i once did as a result of these perceptions . it's tiring fighting these perceptions ... yeah , and they also believe that if you dislike and avoid conflict , that you're unable to understand the true nature of the world . or not capable of seeing the world as it is . they assume that being ... one thing is the belief that certain qualities give the impression of being childlike such as shyness and not expressing certainty when giving your opinions or not stating your opinions decidedly , ... agree . i am not sure i would dislike the formal or strict aspects since i have a little of that in me because of how i grew up . but i'd probably be more into the art stuff , although i'm not the ... when you're the reluctant victim of an ongoing double standard which says , it's ok if someone else is upset and expresses it but it's not ok for you . if you express that you're annoyed or bothered ... when you try to conform and fit in as much as you can but yet still feel and seem like a sore thumb sticking out . when you constantly have to edit yourself to make a point , only to realize that you're sacrificing your own right to speak your views because you're too worried about what others may feel or think ... i liked french and the language , but i was always worried about not getting tenses and grammar right or perfect . i think if i could have overcome that fear , maybe i'd be at least be fluent by now . ... yep , that arrogance would turn me off . this is probably one of the main reasons i've always liked france or the idea of it . very bohemian . i think it's the idea of a more slow paced life , where you enjoy the moment rather than ... yes , for some reason , people tell me personal stuff including their entire life story , telling me things they would never tell anyone else and i barely know them well . i am not sure it's a ... very beautiful poems . you've said what many have felt and hope one day to hear from the one they love someday . : happy : yeah , not a fan of fighting to get my way . never works . in the end , after i've exerted an enormous amount of energy , i still rarely get what is needed . so , i've given up asserting or ... '