' but he did post on april fool's day , at 148am according to my time . i usually tip only if i am eating at a restaurant ( not fast food ) or drinking at a bar . typically i will tip 15 % if i receive average service up to 20 % if i receive great service . however , i have ... school was a long time ago . . . but based on high school , i'd say i found these subjects to be easy to study / apply : 1 ) latin 2 ) history 3 ) math ^ ditto to the other subjects . though i made ... i'm a 6w5 isfj . i'm not sure what to tell you about myself though . let me know if you have any specific questions . rave : i'm going to get a little over $ 1800 back as a result of my federal and state tax returns ! i still can't believe that my taxable income to the federal government was $ 0 this year ( as a result ... as my agency has frozen hiring ( except for some really critical exceptions ) , applying to the government right now doesn't seem that favorable . i think my agency still has applications up for people ... rant : i'm not happy about the sequestration situation . if congress doesn't get its act together soon , it's likely that i'll end up only being able to work 64 hours a pay period rather than 80 . . . ... rant : i'm kind of angry at my coworker for telling me in a few situations that i had not attempted to perform the appropriate research before coming to her with some of the questions i had , or had ... figure out whether ti or ne is your inferior function . there should be articles on inferior functions and how they affect personality through a google search , but i do not know where they are . rant : i found out that the main contacts of the audit that i am working on will be out of the country for a long time . the audit is due at the end of the month . i wouldn't respect someone less based on his or her furniture . it wouldn't matter to me . hufflepuff ! ! ! except i am an isfj so this pole doesn apply to me . rant : i have a bad cold / the flu right now . i am not sure which . rant : i have not been productive at work the last two days . being somewhat sick has made it hard to focus on work . it also ... type 6-1- 2 the supporter . granted i feel like my 2 is pretty weak and i could have 3w2 as my heart fix . what types of issues do you have with trust ? do you fear that people won't pull their weight at work ? or that people that are close to you will hurt you ? i guess i don't know how to respond ... rave : i was back home from work at 4pm today . yay for staff conferences ! rant : this week has been stressful with all the x-mas shopping . rave : i have ideas for all the christmas presents i will be buying . rave : i managed to find a really cute blazer at banana republic . it was only $ 45 after the 70 % clearance . i really needed a ... i don't have time to type much . but i will make the following comment : on the big 5 / sloan test ( which is like mbti ) , there is an added variable for neuroticism . ( look up big 5 personality ... this six description makes us sound like losers . i don't related to the following ( in red ) . i am a contract auditor . i run audits to make sure clients are complying with the terms of their contracts and with regulations for government contracts . this is an accounting position , and i am ... now it really depends on what you are studying . you will probably be paying for most of the costs if you are trying to get a professional degree ( business masters degrees , social work , clinical ... i don't think that list is very accurate for some people , such as governor romney . unfortunately i don't follow rap music , so i wouldn't be able to help you on this . it all depends on what i need to discuss . i prefer to use microsoft office communicator ( live im at work ) to get basic information , talk to someone at work if it is too difficult to discuss in ... rave : i had a great weekend . my boyfriend and i got to go to a history museum , a bar , and a boat tour by moonlight in washington dc . then yesterday we got some vietnamese food and watched a movie ... rant : election lines were horrible today . i got there at 6am and had to wait for an entire hour . rave : i was late to work by 45 minutes , but it didn't count against me . there is a charge code ... rant : can't find the 8th season of weeds on the internet ( at least legally ) . when it comes out on amazon prime , if i buy it , i will have to buy it at $ 2 per episode , which is a lot of money for a ... does work really require that you wear heels ? i have been wearing black ballet flats to work every day and i have not gotten in any trouble . of course , my workplace is super laid back . rave : ... are you talking about giving a gift to your istj husband ? it could be a good gift . what do you want to draw ? i don't think that i would want to take more than a week off from work . i would probably take a trip in a new place that i haven't seen , but i think that i would make sure that it was close enough ... red looks alright if you are a blonde . if you are darker-haired than that then it might look a little odd . i would never wear bright red lip stick or bold lipsticks . but i guess brunettes can wear ... i usually wear makeup to work--mascara , cream foundation , powder , light blush , and lip gloss . if i am at an event at night ( like a party ) i will include all of these things as well as eye shadow . ... i cannot agree with you on this topic . i do like romney more than obama because currently his political views seem to be a closer match to mine than obama's . but romney definitely isn't a ... sometimes i forget that you are actually smart . one of the things that i like about you is that i learn what not to do from you . though to be fair , the friend who said it told me he did not ... the two-party system sucks . i'd vote for the libertarian candidate ( gary johnson ) if i did not think i would be throwing a vote away . instead i get stuck choosing between two candidates that i ... haha no . i'm watching pretty little liars . i even spent $ 2 per episode to view the other 8 episodes that were not legally available online from season 3 rant : i left an id at work today . i'm having trouble getting it off my mind , but i need to because i cannot go back to work at this point to obtain the id . rave : i had an amazing time visiting ... i don't think this would work for me . as a 6w5 , i can definitely disintegrate towards 3 and integrate towards 9 . if i were to integrate to a 5 , then i would disintegrate towards 7 and integrate ... rave : i had a wonderful time with all the people when i was in training for the last two weeks . i will miss them . rant : it's labor day weekend and there's nothing to do . i am bored . i can't ... rave : i had a great time hanging out today with other people from training . we went on a bus store through the city and went to a wonderful chinese restaurant . too bad that i won't get to see these ... i've often been given the advice that you should buy a car that is used for about a year / has low mileage . your car won't depreciate as badly . and i'm proof that you can get a great used car ... i have to say that having a high gpa probably won't help you get a job that much . it's often great to have a 3.5 gpa in college because it will help you get interviews . having a 4.0 won't help you ... i got visual - 8 , kineasthetic - 5 , and auditory - 3 . but i'm not sure if i'm really k > v > a . rant : i have done absolutely nothing at work the last two days . my client screwed up something related to the audit i was working on , and i was supposed to spend the last two days writing a report . ... rave : i have had the most wonderful weekend . my boyfriend came over . we didn't do much other than drink , make love , watch tv / movies , go to walmart , and dine out . we had the most amazing thai food ... rant : i got rejected for a credit card . now i'm going to have to pay to get a secured credit card . rave : it's friday . rave : my boyfriend is coming over . rave : i found out that for ... rant : i am having problems with trying to set up online banking . i'd like to pay my credit card bill online but it is proving to be impossible ( since my checking account is in a different bank than ... thanks for the cheesecake ! rave : i survived my first business trip ! it was alright . thankfully i only had one full day of training and 2 half days . rave : got to meet my boyfriend's grandparents and hang out in their ... rave : the battery was not dead . hopefully nothing else happens ! rant : i think either my car battery is dead or the vehicle identification system ( which controls the security system ) is broken on my car . '