' oh jeez i dunno ... probably when i stripped down to my underwear and ran around my house for a bet . it was really hot . : happy : a phone calendar . all i need . you don't need fancy stuff to be organized , just stick with the basics and you'll be fine . are you still in high school still ? if so , take some ap courses in each of these topics and see what you like and don't like . you can always double major too . although i would have to recommend a ... ... when you can barely keep it together at the end of forrest gump . : crying : see if you can shadow one / both psychologist and psychiatrist . ask them these questions and see what they have to say . they would probably be your best resource for this type of information . i think so , they have to be careful though . if they load up trauma patients in shock with lots of fluids they could bust their clots , making them bleed even more . usually they just set fluids at tko ... i get hot . really , really hot . you should be fine . shock control is easy ! and it basically stays the same up until the paramedic level . although i'm surprised you guys put them in the trendelenburg position instead of ... yep , it sounds very similar . the nremt is the us agency that registers all emrs , emts , aemts , and paramedics nationally . looking through some scope of practice manuals it looks like canadian emr vs ... you are enrolled in an emr course , not emt right ? if you are worried about the nremt exam , don't be . emr is very very basic in it's scope . you should have no problem as long as you read your ... when you correct the teacher / professor in front of the whole class . seriously making me bawl haha :') http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqmuNExKsG0 ohh .. i can't pick just one song to choose as my favorite ! i have too many ! probably if i had to choose , my favorite would be holst's planets , thats about as detailed i can get . i also like some ... i was actually quieter before . of course , i could be an idiot with friends but hey ... i was mostly pretty serious . frustrated . i just had a four hour shift at a local hospital pharmacy ( that services over 550 patients ) , and i had to run the entire pit area by myself . i'm a volunteer for crying out loud ! i'm ... to be honest , it really depends what we're talking about here ... if i wanted to have a smaller class for ... chemistry , i'd go for it , but i'd want a bigger class for you know ... speech . it really just ... how do you sleep ? on your back ? side ? stomach ? i sleep on my stomach . do you stay in one position ? or move about ? i seem to flip over and roll around a lot ... kind of annoying . i move my legs ... i find it pretty easily actually . if i see they shy or away , or become at a loss for words i know i hit something that i shouldn't have , so i back off and change the subject . it just comes with time . well that sucks . music is where i use all of my emotion , so i kind of have a personality 360 and kinda of just choose whatever i like on the spot . looking through my music library , i can't really notice a trend of ... sickness is not very common to me thankfully . so far , it's only been a two or three colds a year at most ... but i basically try to suck it up , and move on . take my cough meds and take some extra ... i'm like sela . i took a speech class this year during the summer , and it helped improve my social improvisation ( like jokes and comebacks ) significantly . i really noticed an confidence boost after i ... having an istj mom myself .. i know we're your coming from . does she continue the sentence when you've already said yes twice as well ? just talk to her about it , really . don't snap , or she'll get ... you forgot silver ! D': ... oh well . my probably absolute favorite color is the dark shade of blue that is cast by light streaming through a storm front ... like in this picture ... here are my ten commandments . 1 ) thou shalt invest at least 20 % of thine income for investment / savings . 2 ) thou shalt not rack up shopping debts unless necessary , and planned out accordingly . 3 ) ... i have an irrational fear of salons . lol if it ain't broke , don't fix it ! compartmentalize = sort of making them a different part of your life ? a bad example would be a double life , but basically the same big picture , yes ? then yeah , i do that . i act in completely ... that sometimes it's just best to leave me alone . you're great and all , but no , the fifth time asking for a night clubbing isn't going to change my answer . and stop making fun of me for being a ... there would be no art . at all . i do a lot of observing , but i'm really picky on what i want to remember . my memory capacity is only so big , so i'd the stuff that's in there to be useful . ;) music has always worked .. and so has reading . if you really can't think of something , you could always take a nap or just watch some tv . 0/4 . 0 % f just kidding : crazy : . you get 2/4 for some very stereotypical generalizations . i like fish . lol , but as for animals ... i don't know . i just want pets / animals that are low maintenance . i tend to pack my schedule full , so if i need to add an extra half an hour walking the dog a ... i tend to act really enfp .. y when i go out and be social ( yeah , i'm not near as introverted as my personality test says ) . not exactly sponateous ( but a little ) , but lots of quick comments and ... um ... going back on topic .. sure it's probably already been addressed .. but we are sjs ... we are the diversity . so you're going to get just about everything under the sun . i'm personally a more go ... very true with istj's i've come to see . as well my own personal writing novel / whatever crapola i need to right for english i usually consider it a pretty much bs'ed essay . but ... the teacher thinks i ... ... aaahhh . voices inside my head ! but yep , pretty much . like most people said , it really depends what job and why . if i'm a grocery bag stuffer because i need some money i'll be an average joe . if it's my professional job ( like a physician ) i'll ... yeah ... once i pass the barrier of this is so stupid , everybody will make me look like an idiot i actually have quite a bit of fun .. but yeah .. i needed to be prodded along . as for like learning to ... i saw there were a few sixteeners at the begging of the thread ... might need to count it down to the days : o i like money , because it's fun to stockpile it . : cool : i had one , but it isn't the really best example . met her ( enfp ) in a extracurricular , so we were together for a lot , but then it just dropped off . i never really minded the whole spontaneousness , i ... i vote for tradition (: crazy :) . stone ! well , autism makes the mind think in pictures , which i guess can happen with a really vivid and strong si dominance .. but i dunno . i think it's just people trying to understand us ... but failing ... yeah ... but wikinews is the way to go . other than the occasional look there every few months , not much news following . unless reading the paper while eating a poptart in the morning counts . 16 ! i think i win the youngest here award , no ? istj ... with a pot ... in the kitchen ? : confused : yeah , i go and hide , not like travel but just lock myself in my house . i kind of go through these cycles of when i want to be social and when i ... lol ... math is our perfect partner ... yet we all hate it . : crazy : being able to have fun by myself instead of having to rely on somebody to help me with that . : cool : but i dunno , i think it's the main doing something important in your life and find it fulfilling . '