' ok , thank you all for your responses ... i really appreciate them :) pearlgirl 87 ok zech yes , that's exactly what i'm saying . and alright . thank you for your time . i appreciate it . i don't know if this is an infj thing or not . i don't know if this is some medical condition , but one things for sure ... im going to figure this out . yesterday , as i was walking home with some ... i'm curious as to what you all think about the subject . wanna share some thoughts ? even though everybody says that im a pessimist ... i still consider myself optimistic . thank you sir , much appreciated . yes ... i believe knowing who has feelings for who is an infj thing . i naturally see them , so i've thought that it was obvious to everyone else also ... i was wrong . as an infj , how would you say you would be able to differentiate between two ( or more ) women to the extent of finding out who you think just looks cute and someone who you might be able to have a ... lol what's that supposed to mean ? i'm sorry maem , but an occupancy like that would never be just plain like ... at least to me it won't . ok , that's what i've thought . thanks for the posts . do you people really feel , naked , discovered , or hypnotized when you look into an infj's eyes ? oh , ok ... so if i understand correctly you both say that ne is responsible . if that's the case , i must have a strong ne ... which also means that i need to verify i'm an infj . i don't wanna go running ... i'll post this in the intj page also . would it be ni , ne , or se when we constantly see what might happen in just a few seconds ? for instance i was in middle school on the middle of a football game ... i'll post this in the intj page also . would it be ni , ne , or se when we constantly see what might happen in just a few seconds ? for instance i was in middle school on the middle of a football game ... ok , thank you . mbaruh i'm not condused . i have tried different things . coming on here isn't exactly the first thing i would do . and i know exactly what mbti are for . judson alright , thanks . i have recently moved in with my dad , and we haven't lived together since i was 3 . we have arguments almost everyday because of what it seems of a personality conflicting . he is an esfp . my last ... thank you all . i believe that every single one of your posts are true . elleinsane true . and also would there by any chance that you know french ? thank you all :D i really appreciate it ! :) yikes alright , i'll take it . yikes do you recommend it ? cool , thank you . your post was very informative as well as personal . i liked it ... alot lol and you are absolutely right ! lol if i think about it long enough , i most likely will find an answer to it ... thank you :) i've just joined yesterday , and felt i should at least say hi :) idk ... i know , right ! ? i kinda feel the same way ! ok cool , thank you :) i'm nineteen . and my fe isn't undeveloped . believe me ... its up now . when i was younger all i pretty much used was ni ( which is why i barely remember my childhood in comparison to others , and which is ... it's whatever . i just think it's waste of time if they aren't posting the truth . ah ok , thanks . i think i'm satisfied now . i'd say infj's are a bit overrated . everybody is like that . we aren't the only ones that have emotions driving us into the middle of a nine lane interstate road . humans in general are all complicated , conflicted , and conditional . i really appreciate you apologizing . that really helped . and yes , i believe it helped at least somewhat . it really makes sense . the only thing i'm wondering about is that you've just said that it may ... do you feel that the description of a an infj on a typical website about our powers are too much of an exaggeration ? ok ? lmao . i'm saying that i don't feel them unconsciously all the time . a lot of the times i have to consciously figure them out myself . ok , someone please tell me why i can't do what infj's are known for . i dont feel everyone's emotions at the same time , nor do i feel a a single person's emotion unconsciously . if i want to feel a ... '