' this might be slightly different from the intentions of the main post since i have struggled with anorexia and is still in recovery . nonetheless , i too have experienced skinny-shaming . i have always ... i have always had on and of periods where i find it difficult to fall sleep and stay asleep . although i believe it is normal if you are someone like me who gets stressed and ruminate a lot . though it ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZEA10oBbCM i once made my mom take the mb test , where she was typed as an enfj , which i think is probably just right . my dad is possibly a isfp or isfj . - drawing - reading - writing - photography - yoga beside these , i also just have topics i'm extremely nerdy about , like learning languages and nature , though it is more diverse than that . one ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek0SgwWmF9w i'm currently reading city of thieves by david benioff . though it is a bit difficult , since it is a translated version and done horrible so . i also want to read kisscut by karen slaughter , the ... i actually really liked calculus as a kid , maybe because it seemed simple , i don't know . but then a long came algebra and i completely fell behind . i still did alright in the end though , but i lost ... distressed , confused , sad ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32kYH6XZrIo hey everyone i recently came to wonder infps relationships to sport and exercise , since i realized i have not seen any threads or heard from anyone about it . personally , i've always really ... danish - native language english - fluency , level c2 german - three years in middle school , didn't enjoy it much though . i can use the basic phrases and comprehend most of the written language , ... i do like following up on trends , yes . mostly just to find inspiration , but i don't follow it blindly . i see clothes , make-up etc . as a way of self-expression , and i believe there is something very ... i've always been very emotional , but on the same time not good at handling them ... i can change very easily , mostly just by my own thoughts ... i do it sometimes , but , sadly not as much as i would like too . i think following up on what happens in the world is important and interesting , but for the most part , i'm simply too lazy , to be ... it's kind of a mix for me . i think i am an early bird by nature , since i slip into those habits much more easily and i find very little trouble waking up early . though i do stay up late and wake up ... i last watched star wars : the force awakens ... let's just say it did not dissapoint well , like everyone else , i watch got . apart from that , i just finished orphan black and a show called mr . robot . i've also been really into anime lately ( attack on titan , death note , black butler ... i think genuinity is one of the things that makes me the happiest . like when someone does something weird or cute which is true to their nature ... also , baby animals and chocolate ... the 1975 - the sound i remember the first real series i was into , which was called aja dobbo ( it's danish though , so i don't think many of you knows it :/ ) about a kitten that is supposed to be a pure-bred burmese , but ... this is exactly how i've felt the last half year ^ ^ thank you so much for writing this ! my morals ... which ones i follow and which ones i don't anymore ... and wether or not i should follow them . stuff like that xd well , i see why it's called positive force xd certainly made me smile , and kind of reminded me japanese games :) though i'll problably need some singing too ^ ^ ... so sweet : 3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvMVCHhwTPs just finished memoirs of being a geisha by arthur golden ( loved it ! ) . my next book will be the curious incident of the dog in the night-time by mark haddon , which i'm looking forward to . omg - thought i was alone about this xd this is mainly the reason why i once thought i was an infj ... though , as you say , i think it might be more of a personal thing than an mbti-thing ^ ^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwlpbwYFBTc i'm currently in the same state as you ... or at least i was . i ’ m not sure . i've always loved to draw , but a few years ago ... i lost my inspiration completely . i desperatly tried to find my way ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxMOf2iaruY i really like this cover : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ0jL2nTwZE eminentfate : infp , seems pretty dream-like to me ... maybe even infj , but then more because of the vibe i get from your verbal use , if that makes sence miyuki yamaki : infj-ish to me ^ ^ but i do read a lot of people get that type in this thread xd wow ... ambitious is the right word xd this is a really good idea , i thought of something similar ( to interview old people with how they thought death was , and then either use them in a film or write a ... exactly , that's what drives me into being creative ... thank you so much for everything ;) i'm glad to know someone care enough to help me ^ ^ i did , she told me to write a novel and read it out loud in class , which i honestly aren't much for xd . hm , maybe it is my perfectionism , i feel a big pressure , since my grade is going to be on my ... this is more or less what i thought to do ... i do have contacted some people , and we are reguiered to have facts , explanations , evaluations and what to do from there . i have my informations more or ... to be honest , i have no idea . to me , it doesn't depend as much on the outer world , but the inner . so i guess it would be the place for me where my inner world could be satisfied the most , so yeah , ... well , it's for a school project , where the teachers want us to be as creative as possible , as in stage-performance , activities , perspectives etc . one of the more important parts of the project , is ... i think it was called the disappearance of alice creed . it was kind of freaky , yet i did love it . an original piece . hey guys ... somy head is currently very empty for any ideas , even though i want , and i haveto come up with some . especially for school . i've searched through my mind , andlooked everywhere , and it's ... i like biology too ^ ^ i've always had a love for the natural world ( and i watch a lot of animal planet , so i'm prepared ! ) for some reason , my teacher thinks i'm a b in chemistry , though i'm horrible at ... yeah , i do the exact same as you , though i've never really paid much attention to grammar and the rules ( unless i really didn't know what to do ) i would also guess it's all the books and the online ... a movie sugested by one of my friends , called the prestige i did like it though , that movie played mindgames with me ... finally , i've found something i can relate to ! i've recently started thinking that i might be an isfj . even though the thought of not having my fi , scares me , and the i'm not really that caring for ... exactly ! : 3 well , i don't watch that much tv with others * forever alone * yes , a lot actually . i can also relate a lot to what you're saying , i like being surprised ^ ^ i don't watch as much tv with hidden messages , but when they finally come , i love to figure out whatever ... i don't know ... i'm more that kind of person who has a funny personality , say weird stuff , and do weird things without knowing it . guess things like sarcasm sometimes scare me a little , simply ... i like to use sarcasm too , but in a really detectable way , and mostly when we're just goofing around already . but my friends can just suddenly start using sarcasm ( at least , it seems suddenly to me ... '