' he sounds like a clueless ass who doesnt know how to handle a women or a relationship at all . perhaps you ( as enfps can be ) are a little demanding compared to what the average istp can give , but ... mostly if i know them or interacted with them to a degree . the eyes tell you everything . well happy belated birthday in that case . how'd you find the first days ? interesting ? that's the damn spirit ;) i'm guessing the more than i'd like part of being a 3 is to do with the rather ... ni for an istp comes in the form of a penetrating insight into a particular event happening , or an sudden inevitable outcome to the sequences they are performing at the time . a very physical ... mma is fine . though i think any with good defensive focus are obvious better . there are plenty that focus primarily on this . grappling / submission in general is important for possible random ... that's great . sounds like you made a good impression . when do you start ? good attitude . yep , you can fake it alright . no need to fake it when some rude twat reveals themselves though , give em ... i think it's just solid eye contact . at least that is what i've started to notice . that's what you mean ? it's a definite bonus . all the extroverts i know seem to do it at the drop of a hat , and then suddenly it's like they are friends ! one esfj i know especially . it's kinda ... how are you feeling about doing it in general ? prefer other options ? interested ? i'll tell you one thing , you will learn a lot by doing it , even if only a short time . honestly , being an extrovert ... sawyer from lost . though he seems border line estp . kinda like myself . hey istp . long time no see , yo . thought i'd make a fun post . this subject was brought to my attention recently and it got me thinking about mbti again . over the years , i've been accused of ... http://i63.tinypic.com/2lnv5fd.png http://i64.tinypic.com/ixt3q1.png is that garry's mod i see in your library list ? meh . i guess se lets me read body language and understand ques much easier than an intp . i take in a lot of information like that , but half the time i simply cannot be bothered to do anything with it . i think intp maybe . the very few i know irl are a mixed bag though . some are very quiet . quiet yet able . i get the sense they don't care . or they never cared to develop that side . others seem a ... tp types and ntjs . http://i.imgur.com/RkTDiq0 those two books are like the bible for strength training . it's too bad people would rather take advice from the guy who slam dunks their post workout 10minute anabolic ... i understand pretty well how the systems correlate actually . you are the only one here showing poor understanding and an incomplete view of both jungian typology systems , and also enneagram . you ... the entire system is based on stereotypes . the stereotype for sj is a more conformist approach . i completely understand how a dominant si user or such can base their si on things that do not conform ... sorry but your post made 0 fucking sense . and it's all wrong to boot . it sounds like your basing your criteria for what type can have a ti-ni loop on a fake character from a tv show with ... i think you've misunderstood the theory a little . sensors , on the whole , do not value conformity over autonomy . it is the guardians that value conformity . sj types . sp types are known to value ... hey falling leaves ! i remember you posting in the istp forum a lot some time ago . what made you realise you were an intp rather than an istp ? this seems more accurate actually . http://i67.tinypic.com/2d8m9ua.jpg i find myself doing this fairly often lol . even out loud when having a discussion with people . i bet they think i'm crazy : crazy : http://i67.tinypic.com/2d8m9ua.jpg i think this is true also of istps . it sounds like ti in my view . ti makes us very context oriented in the first place . i would like to sleep naked but my family like to barge into my room when im asleep to get things so nope . so bottomless only . i am hopeless at it . just wondering if i am doomed to always be a disorganized mess , or if i can maybe overcome it . i'll make plans , but i always without fail , leave myself no breathing space . so ... ahhaha . who shat in your cornflakes ? take your bullshit strawman somewhere else . ftr , you must not have been paying much attention in english language class , because you don't seem to ... supposedly . like istps . i've noticed that i have weird ninja reflexes beyond my own control . usually it happens when i'm about to fall , or get into some danger . or maybe when you drop something ... 8 ' s and 7s . the wings just give a bit of a flavor to the core type . the core type is still 90 % of the person in terms of enneagram . so the difference between a 7 and an 8 is the real question ... i don't believe anyone has a socially accepted inner monologue . the social layer is removed when we are in our minds . just like children who haven't developed a social layer to their out monologue ... the wings are relatively unimportant unless you feel a strong link to a type that you don't believe is one of your core fixes . example : a 9w1 2w1 7w6 significant link to type 1 , but not a core ... yes it is possible . you are probably mistyped if you think this is your tri-type initially though . however , it is a good starting point . i thought i was a istp 7-8- 3 for a long time . now i'm ... i have little ability to understand my emotions , let alone express them verbally . i certainly feel them though . anger is often the only way for me to direct it all and understand / express . i think its quite common really . i have stuck at quite a few things in my life after i started taking it more seriously . often though , the passion goes quite fast once it starts becoming time ... the thing that has made the gym so easy for me is the tangible results . training for strength primarily means i can see results literally every time i go , or as i get stronger , every week . you also ... i understand much better now ! holy crap this is a very common part of my life . i understand how my line to 1 manifests very clearly now . i'm like a little hidden type 1 : ninja : in disguise of a ... thank you . though i do have a couple problems with implementing that attitude . i know that i piss people off through my ways . saying i'll skype my buddy in 20 minutes and it ends up being 60 ... one of my biggest shortcomings is my reliability and consistency .. or follow through . maybe commitment is a better way to describe it . anyways . i'm a late person . i cannot stand putting limits on ... kinda embarrassing to admit , but for quite a few years i had no idea about it all . i would get in these often temporary short lived slumps where i felt sad , or just not normal . i was never sure of ... i dont really understand my emotions too well and sometimes they hit me at really fucking random times and so strongly that im surprised . like ive just been kicked in the fucking balls or something ... early twenties i dont even believe you . i need at least 8 hours to even function . i've tried doing 6 for weeks at a time , and by the end for the last few days i felt worse doing that then i ever did skipping 2 ... i am missing a chuck of my scalp due to a car collision while cycling . ok that isn't true . a chuck of my scalp was flapping off along with my hair , but it was glued back on . now only a bump and a ... 7s are assertive meaning they will make sure they get what is pleasurable to them . they wont let people get in the way of their pleasure . people wont get in the way of what a 7 wants for themselves ... i thought i was a 7 8 3 for a while but i think now that i am probably a 7 9 3 but with 2 8 wings . i am an istp . either way , i dont really care enough at this point . i dont put much value in ... i've always struggled with ... starting things . getting the engine started in my world is the hardest part of everything . this leads to a lot of problems and procrastination of everything imaginable ... a lot of the time it depends entirely on how im feeling in the moment . sometimes i've thinking about a problem in my head and it's got me down a little and i make no effort to be a good ... we have the function stack which creates a natural aptitude for kicking ass as efficiently as possible . duh . the same way enfps are naturally good at vomiting rainbows . not sure of the age ... i've really considered it before , but remain unsure tbh . when im in smaller groups of people that i know , i am usually the extrovert of the group . when it comes to large gatherings , it is less so , ... the problem i have is that a lot of good threads will get forgotten about and never posted in anymore if they are unsticked . i only see 1 or two that realistically could be removed without ... '