' laughing because this is totally me ! thank you for this hahaha ! yes ! i do the exact same thing . when i'm trying to think of what to say next , i look to the side ( or sometimes up ) . when i sit , i definitely cross my arms almost all the time . i don't really sit ... yes . we're definitely easy prey because we tend to be emotionally vulnerable and we will absolutely sacrifice our needs to satisfy other people . i think we're somewhat unable to tell when people are ... i have a tough time taking criticism in general , but sometimes , if i am able to look at myself and realize that the criticism is probably accurate and i should work on that aspect of myself , i'm able ... i've been playing the piano for roughly 8 - 9 years and i absolutely love it ! i also sing nonstop . music is such a crucial part of my life , and i don't know where i would be without it ! i definitely ... i'm an isfj and i love programming - - so does my istj sister . both of us are intending to go into careers as programmers . we both relish it and find it to be one of our favorite things to do . i don't ... it's really interesting to me to read all the responses here . i've tested as infp and estj , and i share a lot of characteristics with my istj sister , but i'm definitely an isfj ( with certain similar ... ohhh yeah , this is definitely me . i go really passionately and deeply into something but that interest burns out after about a year or so . i'm just going to quietly sit back and read through this ... - when i list things i need to get done , i need to actually buckle down and do them instead of trying to put them off because i'm not looking forward to them . - i want to become more self-confident ... i can't say it better than teddy . that's exactly what i would've said and i think it's applicable for the large majority of isfjs . i can't say too definitively . i tend to spend a lot of time by myself , and out of the remaining time that i spend with others , about 3/4 of that is spent with family ( because i have a really good ... it depends . i used to have a lot of trust for everyone , but that trust often was betrayed . i'm definitely much more cautious about trusting people , but sometimes i instinctively fall for trusting ... felt this exact emotion today . i feel like if i don't live up to what i'm supposed to do or what others think of me , i'm culpable and it makes me feel super guilty . hard to overcome it sometimes , ... i recently met an enfj guy who i initially had the utmost respect for . ( i've only known him for ~ 8 months . ) as time passed and i got to know him better , that respect turned into , obviously ( and ... earlier today ( while i wasn't at home ) , we had a family with a little 4 - ish-year-old daughter come over to our house . my mom said that the little girl looked at the pictures of my sister and me ... i love structure and need it in my life . as soon as i get home , i make a list of things i need to do , how long it'll take to do each task , and when i'm going to be done with each task . i make sure i ... i absolutely love enfjs . my three friends ( the three i care about the most ) are all enfjs and i don't know what i'd do without them ( but i'm moving away , so i don't know what i'm going to do , ... last year , my mom got mad at me over this because it made for some really awkward social situations . i've gotten better at it , but i think i generally don't like eye contact because it makes it hard ... 1 . i get really irritable when i'm tired . i just want to get things done quickly and easily when i've had a long day . 2 . yeah . i hate taking things from people because it makes me feel really ... i used to call myself a ' serial deleter ' because i would keep checking my posts even days after i'd written them and still delete them . i don't just do this on facebook , i do it on twitter , im ... teddy 564339 , i think you nailed it right there . i'm not a fan of unexpected , unanticipated change , because i want everything to be planned out and predictable , but when i orchestrate the change ... i know you said change is uncomfortable for most isfjs but i just wanted to chime in that i actually generally tend to like change . i am big on planning ahead and keeping structure and ... hmmm yeah . i've encountered her stubbornness on many occasions , but now it's really starting to worry me as it's a physical toll on her and i don't want her to run into more severe physical ... i found out today that when i took the mbti two years ago , i actually tested as an infp . i went back and read through the characteristics of infps , and a majority of those characteristics apply to me ... awww so awesome ! i wish more people had such great relationships with their moms and appreciated them like you do . :) my estj mom has recently been having awful back and neck pain , and it's nearly paralyzing her with pain and it's hindering her daily functioning . doctors have all told her that it has to do a great ... hardworking . istjs are some of the most hardworking , dedicated people i know . they're incredibly loyal and dependable . :( the more i read of this , the worse and worse the situation seems . honestly , therapy doesn't seem like the worst thing . she probably won't take to the idea , but it looks like she has really ... i was thinking about this topic just this morning ( coincidentally ) and i actually surprise myself with how masochistic i am . it scares me a little , because i realize i shouldn't want hurt and ... i'm not super conscious of wastage , but it definitely makes me feel guilty . i feel really bad about it , but i'm not - - for lack of a better term - - ocd about it . i won't freak out about making sure i ... not all of them apply to me , but several of them do , yes . i think i tend to be a bit more on the cold , aloof side of the isfj in general ; i'm not really interested in being best friends with people ... hmm . to me , this actually sounds like it might be really low self-esteem . the i'm sorry i ever asked you to do anything sounds like a comment she'd just make on a bad day ; but if you're getting ... leaving my comfort zone scares the hell out of me . so don't worry , you're not alone ! i guess i deal with it by trying my best to ignore my internal discomfort . i realize that sometimes opportunities ... i don't really know what to say . :( i'm really sorry . this situation majorly sucks . i hope things start to look up for you soon . hehe i hope it went well ! i know this worked for me - i'm really not sure if this carries over to other people . just try to talk yourself through it , i know that definitely helped me . :) i read somewhere , a few years ago , that your family's love doesn't count because they have to love you . please know that this is not true whatsoever . my best friend has basically fallen out with ... i'm also really shy around kids because i don't know what to do to make them feel comfortable and to entertain them . i feel like if i knew what to do around them , i would have a less awkward time ... i have definitely been this girl before and i still sometimes slip into this mentality . i think it's naturally very easy for isfjs to fall into a depressed state because we compare ourselves to ... for me , this is really recognizable behavior . if i'm in a social situation with someone i don't know too well , and it's just the two of us , i will be pretty quiet and i won't say a whole lot because ... try not to hang out with him for a few days . don't see him , call him , im him , text him , or anything like that . immerse yourself in other pursuits and just try to get your mind off him as much as ... yeah , i'm definitely a goofball if i'm around certain people . i get a bit quiet and serious around some people , but if i'm around close friends , i definitely laugh a lot more and i'm more ... i look for those compliments from friends and from people i'm trying to impress . but in all honesty , i'd love them if they were coming from anyone , and compliments always make me feel warmer towards ... well ... i know this is going to sound extremely narcissistic , but i tend to be self-deprecating so that other people around me will have a reason to compliment me . in another thread on the isfj ... elizard - no , you're not intruding at all ! you're extremely welcome . :) i think there's a similar thread going on about opening up and showing our true colors ... and the truth is that it's so ... i'm literally on the verge of tears as i'm reading through this because this is my life exactly and no one i know seems to understand . i've always felt more mature and serious than other people my ... it's the small things that count :) small gestures that make your isfj feel appreciated . also , talk to her and get to know her better . i think for me especially , if someone makes an effort to try to ... it's such a weird coincidence that i stumbled across this thread because i was just thinking about this yesterday . when i like somebody , that person will be on my mind a lot and i find that whenever ... hmm , interesting . my music tastes apparently are pretty different ... i can't pick a top 3 of my favorite songs , because there's just too many , but here are some of my all-time favorites - ... one of the things i do as an isfj is try not to enter into situations that i will later regret . i don't know if this is different between guys and girls , but i'm really cautious , especially at first ... '