' but ok , just so that i'd have followed the thread rules :) i'm enfp and so far from what i've tried watching i liked sailor moon ( when i was little ) , naruto ( teenage years .. i know naruto isn't ... i'm not that into anime , but a couple of my friends are , so at one point i tried a few shows . :) one ili who has watched about a thousand different animes suggested to me ( a long time ago , during ... i think i can relate to everything you wrote about the enfps ' preferences except maybe some of the examples , but generally yes , especially about happy / uplifting / funny movies . i enjoy an occasional ... estp but yeah , after a couple of years of attending school , i got into an art school and have been into art studies ever since . in art school they really teach how to draw properly - the laws of ... i loved drawing and mostly worked with markers . as i remember - and have been told by my parents - , when i was little , i had something like periodic interest in different things . like , one day i felt ... i don't know about her type , but i also enjoy her videos , and have learned some useful things from watching those . i like the friendly and light atmosphere that's characteristic of her ... hello , members of personality cafe . lately i have been thinking about personality theories and how i fit in them . up until now i have been pretty much sure i am an iee / enfp ( at first , because ... agree with the ones saying ' depends on the mood ' . usually i'm forgiving , sometimes , if i see a person is in a hurry , i let them go first in the line even if i was there first ... but with time , i think ... hello , fellow enfps . maybe my question is already here somewhere , but the discussion is a bit too long to read it through just to search for this ... so . what professions have you , enfps , chosen to ... hey , everyone ! hope you're having a nice weekend . : happy : as i was reading a book about daoism that i got for a school assignment , i thought : 1 ) what type or quadra might the daoism philosophy ... what do you , people , think - what type could this great singer and performer be ? :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcN6Ke2V-rQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIv1z6n3Xxo ... pls somebody type this guy . my sides hurt from laughing . :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PVal8Fy7CM for neither of us in a particular order : me , enfp / iee 1 . brainstorm a . k . a . prāta vētra in latvian 2 . red hot chili peppers 3 . queen 4 . beyonce 5 . jesse cook 6 . dire straits 7 . shakira has anyone typed this person ? :) i have no idea what his type might be . haven't tried actually typing him , but i have a feeling he might be some kind of a introverted + logical ( ? ) type , but - how ... haha :D i just posted a question about this movie in my ' socionics types in movies ' thread a few days ago ... but there wasn't any answer so yay maybe somebody will have some opinion here . :D i ... i don't actually know what i did ( wrong .. ? ) , but i got typed an intj . i'm an enfp . :D anyway , was interesting ... somehow the word levels were quite spot-on ! ! what you said sounds right . about the holidays ... i think even extroverts can be drained by too much of socializing sometimes . :D ( i'm not saying you said the opposite , i just wanted to state my ... going to a salsa-party . dancing , yay ! ~ : 3 another nice option , i guess , would be a movie with friends or family + some snacks . i get gut feelings and hunches pretty often , ( i guess , mostly in situations when meeting new people ) . i usually want to believe what i feel , but at first i don't fully allow myself to ... because , ...   ... lol , reading this discussion , i'm almost starting to think i could really be infp :P ( enfp here ) i can relate to the writing , deleting , re-writing stuff , sooo much ... also , what ... 1 ) what is your mbti preference ? socionics iee , so mbti would be enfp , i guess . 2 ) why is art appealing to you ? what initially got you interested in art ? i've admired art , as well as been ... how does that jive with my experience ? like , you are asking me ... if i think i could be sle ? i highly doubt it . :D or are you joking about that ? :D ... sounds a bit like me during summer when i at last go to sleep ( ... kind of an owl here ) , and discover that there is a wasp in my room again , and always - somewhere near my bed ... ugh ... though i try ... yep , and maybe really through its complexity it doesn't work as well as it could . :D it's like ... placing more specific frames on human characters and ways of thinking who are complex and sometimes ... heh , i guess i did express myself in a rather generic manner . :) when writing the mentioned comment , it wasn't my aim to be thoroughly precise and write down qualities that apply only to infps . i ... :D :D to be honest , i'm not going from socionics to mbti . :) from what i've read , socionics is more precise + has type relationship descriptions , which mbti lack ... i have no idea to what point do ... i support your positive trolling . :D i could write something similar as and say that i love dogs . ( and i really do , lol ) and i can also say that i believe tomorrow will be a nice day ... '