' the longer i run by peter bradley adams <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLTbFaoZuVQ i dreamed that i had a lot of tomatoes . not an unrealistic amount . just like 5 or 6 , but still , i had tomatoes . but the weird part was that i didn't know i was dreaming ( usually i'm a lucid dreamer ) , ... to be 10-20 lb lighter ? hahaha but nothing really : tongue : oh gosh ... i love baking so the last thing i ate was a chocolate cake pop ( someone had to make sure they weren't poisonous : kitteh :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDWhfsQHq1o dreams , that's where i have to go to see your beautiful - face anymore i stare at a picture of you , and listen to the radio hope , hope there's a ... my infp friend just recommended the book , audrey wait , by robin benway and i'm just about to start that :) i'm not anorexic , but just last night , due to my insecurities about the way i look ( no matter how many times my best friend tells me i'm not overweight ) . some days i'll have a good day and believe ... sometimes i'm talking to myself in my head , other times i see a playback of a moment i'm remembering or see whatever i'm thinking of in sort of a movie-like way . there's always a lot of sound and ... this is a difficult situation because , as an emotional infj , she probably just wanted a hug and someone to cry with , especially since it was almost as though she had lost her mother . my ... i'm pitifully inflexible so i'd never enroll in a yoga class until i became more flexible by stretching daily behind the walls of my house ( to avoid embarrassment ) . but i do enjoy yoga from what ... don't worry one bit : happy : you're not alone . i've done this to a few people . i only prefer to keep a few close friends . it feels very sincere versus having a wide variety of friends that i don't ... i can definitely tell when someone is lying to me to deceive , and i hate it . it makes me sick . i don't think i've ever confronted anyone who has tho haha . that's not the type of person i am xd i have ... i don't despise cats , but i'm for sure a dog person ! ! :) i'm very involved with dogs everyday and they're sooo much fun ! i've had dreams that my boyfriend would leave me . in my dream , it turned out that our whole relationship was a fake and he only asked me out on a dare ... :( it made me really sad , but also made me ... i love fiction books , almost all of them . but i recommend if i stay by gayle forman . very good book :) i can live in a messy environment , but it'll make me stressed or anxious . i would much rather prefer to be in places that are neat and organized ... though born in the summer , this is not my favorite season . i'm torn between fall and spring . fall because i love watching the leaves change colors . some get to be really pretty oranges , yellows , and ... i can get very attached , but i've sort of learned this can lead to getting hurt . now , i'm more cautious and let myself get attached to few people ... exactly ... : frustrating : yea i completely agree , good to know i'm not alone ... i'm pretty sensitive and every bit of pain i recieve i will remember for a long time . i wont ever get over it but i learn to hide it then i'll ... i'll sometimes catch myself mimicking other people's habits , but i try not to . whenever i do this i feel like i'm a wannabe ... i do that leg shake thing you're talking about too xd but it shouldn't have anything to do with our personality types . this applies to me as well , except the breathing thing . type 2w1 , 9 , or 5 ... not sure yet ... at 14 , i have gotten many comments ( actually , ever since i can remember i've been getting these comments ) about me being very mature for my age and how i act so much older than i am . i've also been ... of course it's nice if the person i happen to fall for is easy on the eyes , but it's not really important . i could live without it . what society thinks is the ideal catch means nothing to me . if ... i've felt this way sometimes . but then i remind myself that it's what we do before we turn into useless bits of rubble that matters . we just have to do everything we can while we have the time to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sl6T8mByII8 when i think of a disney movie , i think of the movies that are a little older ( for me at least haha ) and usually involve princesses , however i did like the lion king and the jungle book :) . i also ... for some reason i feel that each person on earth is just a small piece to a much much larger puzzle ( one person in 6,775 , 235,741 ) . our jobs are to do as much as we can for the benefit of our society ... xd you remind me of my amazing infp friend . don't worry , i'm sure your infj friend deeply values your friendship and is secretly hoping you will never move out . i haven't had many friends who'd i'd consider a best friend , i had one that deserted me and one current one ( who is an amazing infp ) . the desertion of the first one went a little like this : we met ... adventurous : 14 practical : 12 conceptual : 9 social : 8 it depends on my mood hahaha . when i'm angry / upset / focused , i've been told i have an intense death stare or that my eyes look threatening . however , most other days when i'm happy / playful i don't ... i hate crying . i tend to bottle up my emotions , especially ones involving relationships ( which i'm trying hard to stop doing ) . so yesterday i just broke down and cried for a while ... i just had too ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KN-uo02mxoQ oh florida , please be still tonight don't disturb this love of mine look how she's so serene you've gotta help me out and count the stars to form ... ok : happy : i'll try that . i've only really started talking about emotions and stuff like that last year haha . in previous years i never really had much to worry about haha . i'll work on getting ... have you ever had trouble expressing feelings to people ? ? if so , any advice ? ? : crazy : sorry i feel like i've been asking for a lot of help hahaha o good to know haha :) ya for the first few weeks of our relationship we never really had any physical contact . we mostly just talked a lot and got to know each other :) it was nice . now i feel like ... ya he's never asked me to do anything like that . i tried talking to him about how certain things were making me uncomfortable . somehow the conversation ended with both of us feeling like crap and all ... at the beginning of our relationship i told him that i wanted to take things slow ( as this is my first relationship and i have no idea what i'm doing ) . i'm starting to realize that maybe a reason ... aww that's cute :) i'm happy for you ! :) did you ever have thoughts that you didn't want to be in a relationship ... i dunno but sometimes i have these thoughts that i really like my boyfriend , but ... i actually appreciate hearing that : happy : . good to know i'm not gonna be a freak forever and that i can figure stuff out in 10 years . jw , in about 10 years will i know what love is ... ? ? cuz right ... thanks so much ! however ... he spends a lot of time with me at school ... he'll leave his friends and come sit with me at lunch . he's usually asking for alone time but he means that he only ... i'm 14 and have been dating an istp for about 4 months now . he's not going to be coming to the same school as me next year and i'm not personally a fan of distance relationships . there's still 4 more ... i believe being in a relationship and not are two different forms of happiness . though some relationships do make me happy , i enjoy the type of happiness i get from feeling free , and a relationship ... this happens to me all the time in a similar way . i blush when i get embarrassed , mad , or excited . not just a cute little bit of blush , my whole face goes bright red . also , when i'm happy i smile , ... i always feel as though i'd been mean after asserting myself ( which i rarely do ) . i don't know why , maybe it's because when i feel the need to assert myself i go all out but have taught myself to ... 964erif erif ? ? ? reminds me of eric or erin ... and theres a guy in one of my classes named aaron and he's a jerk : crazy : i had a really weird dream the other day ... i was standing in my kitchen by my sink . i had a small gun in my hand ( i couldn't see it but i knew what it was ) and i shot myself four times in the ... no i have never wrecked a car ( can't drive yet teehee ) have you ever ... witnessed birth / death ? ( of a person or animal ) '