' that infps aren't rational and can't make good arguments . i've seen people use my type ( on this forum ) to dismiss my arguments without actually considering them . it's especially annoying when i see ... hmmm , intj ? i am tempted to say that anita sarkeesian is an entj posing as an xnfj type , given how her work , history , and engagements seem to be maximally calculated to benefit her and pretty much no one else ... i haven't read the book in its entirety , but from what i understand , nabokov despised his narrator , humbert humbert , and definitely did not intend for his book to be the go-to apologia for pederasty ... i have an mfa in writing from california college of the arts , some published short stories and creative non-fiction pieces , and a novel in progress . surely that has to count for something . i would gladly give you a link to 21 reasons to reject sola scriptura , but it seems that particular link is unsafe . so instead , i'll only copy and paste from an earlier post i made on a different ... i am a practicing catholic in a long-term relationship with an agnostic , and everything seems to be working out fine here . of course , i didn't limit my dating pool to people of my faith , but anyone ... i generally want to throttle those people who look back and high school and junior high as the happiest times of their lives . sometimes , i just pity them . i'd like to think the best is always ahead ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTFI9sQdpGo i'm curious regarding your belief in angels , because our notion of angels is both derived and virtually inseparable from the theology of all abrahamic religions , though they seem to enjoy some ... tarantino apparently thinks that anything he writes is amazing , simply because he wrote it , and obviously expects the audience to agree . anyway , are we all clear on what the term overrated ... and more rc : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oazlhOKfCc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rnaMwRxyFs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrVv5WCzLCg it depends on the band , really . there are a lot of crappy bands of either genre . anyway , i think this thread needs some rotting christ . they've been all over the black metal spectrum , and are one ... n / t ( mods : please delete this double post ) off and on for about five years . getting laid occasionally during that time helped , and actually finding a new relationship eased the burden considerably better . now i don't think about my ex much at ... 1 . no . 2 . yes . 3 . no , unless i had sex with someone i felt ambivalent about at the time . 1 . i'm not a regular exerciser , so i haven't monitored these sorts of things . 2 . yes . i pray fairly ... http://asset-6.soup.io/asset/5450/0847_6a8a.gif i suppose i'm better at basic algebra . i remember i did well with the low caliber version of this math--for the first semester or two . but seriously , all math sucks .  ... subjective opinions are a form of data about ourselves . i , too , believe in the importance of objective truth , but objectivity does not mean empiricism . empiricism is fairly easy to deconstruct , ... i've never heard people say that feelings are stupid per se , but i have heard many snobbish nts obsessed with the empirical sciences denounce all forms of intuition , metaphysics , faith , emotion , or ... the quickest way to depress and alienate me is to insult my beliefs and interests . unfortunately , many people can do this without realizing it . it's not fun to live in a shifting culture of constant , ... yes , i dislike dogs . i can make a few exceptions to this rule , of course , as there are some dogs that are friendly and lovable . on the whole , however , i find dogs to be over-loud and needlessly ... j . k . rowling is at least as likely to be infj . jesus was probably infj or enfj as well . john and mary are often listed as having been infp , though . h . p . lovecraft seems more like an intp or ... i wanted to be a paleontologist from the age of 5 until about the age of 17 . then i found myself struggling so intensely through my math and science courses in high school that i realized i had no ... i doubt it . kurtwood smith as clarence boddicker is one of the best movie villains of all time . the new robocop movie certainly cast competent actors , and probably in hopes of distracting the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sAGze3RaRY thyrfing - over the hills and far away i admit , i'm a bit baffled . while i get the appeal of building things with legos , i don't really get the appeal of lego games or of a lego movie . it seems weirdly recursive to me . when i built worlds ... i've also found that many infps are pretty nebulous when it comes to defining their spiritual beliefs . it often drives me up the wall . anyway , i've steadily become more conservative the older i've ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8Cxyd3VxbQ and pretty much every other song from blind guardian . ninja scroll is my personal favorite . i get goosebumps just watching this fan-made trailer : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O6_N4mQBos robocop was a great movie , and rare film that did everything perfectly . it worked on so many levels : it worked as an action / adventure film , as a science fiction film , as biting social satire , and as ... the assured language of scientific parlance always reeks of a deep insecurity whenever it attempts to claim the moral high ground over religion . yep , that's the case for me , too . for some reason , all of the women who have been attracted to me have either been intj or infp . my only two serious relationships were ( and currently are ) with intj ... i was told by one ' psychic ' in san francisco that i am an old soul . if such a thing as reincarnation exists , then i believe her . they're more common than you might think , as are atheist / agnostic infps . i've had similar conversations with my intj girlfriend , though i don't hold that god is a subjective feeling . she said ... i listen to metal of nearly all varieties , though i don't care for hardcore , nu metal , or metalcore . grindcore is also sort of like garlic in the respect that it can be used in conjunction with ... i don't think you can neatly group each mbti type by religion , though our types might cast some reflection on how we pursue the subject . i was raised by a devoutly catholic mother and a protestant ... my sister is an enfj , and when i hug her , she sometimes asks me to crack her back while she hands from my neck . she loves this . i usually care less about the lyrics in my music . they don't need to be in english , or even intelligible . take this lovely song from in extremo : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkX1iNUq6Jw and ... it's nearly always either intj girls , or other infps who fall for me , so one of these two . since my girlfriend is an intj , i voted this option . i want to finish my goddamn novel , edit the the thing very carefully , and make progress toward finding suitable agents and publishing houses . i also want to find a better job , save more money , and ... all the girls who have ever wanted me have either been intj or infp , with almost no variation . i don't know why that is . my girlfriend / fiance is intj . but my other friends run the gamut from ... most bill murray characters , i think . a hopeless romantic is just another word for a delusional stalker , unfortunately . i've been there , much to my personal shame . as i may have said before on this forum , creepy is my least ... my best friend is an intp , and i have at least two other close friends who are intps as well , so i'd say absolutely . i usually get along with them pretty well . their good at providing honest , stable ... i don't think any of us can function without our partners . my mother and father have each other , obviously , and my infp middle sister has her esfj husband to support her . and i have my intj ... entj father infp mother enfj oldest sister infp middle sister infp youngest son ( me ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKlgbF2kmPY what are your interests and hobbies ? i am a writer of prose first and foremost . i have a novel in progress , three published short stories , and several non-fiction pieces as well . my novel is a ... as if we're all going to agree to the rules of a manifesto ! '