' with intjs i feel that strong sense of attraction in every inch of my body . it's very exhilarating , and super exciting ! unfortunately , i met very , very few of them in real life . infjs on the other ... hi , twichl ! one of my all-time favourite people is an intp , so i have a thing or two to say about you intps . we went to school together for a year , and i was close friends with one of his best ... hello , sherlock ( 4869 ) ! firstly , i'd like to start off by saying i'm sorry that you have gone through all of that . secondly , i'd like to congratulate you for choosing not to take your life ; that is ... rendingtempest ninjaws thank you , thank you . pleased to make your acquaintance ! : kitteh : hello there , everyone ! i'm veritas well , not really , but let's call me that because it's an uber cool name . i'm quite familiar with personality cafe , and i think it's a rather lovely place to be to ... and i miss the days of a life still permanent mourn the years before i got carried away so now i'm staring at the interstate screaming at myself , hey , i wanna get better ! i've been accused of being flirtatious a number of times , but i don't see myself as such . if i like you , or like something about you , i'll tell you that i do - - a little more than often . i just like ... i am quite uncertain about enfjs to be honest ; i know two of them , my ex , and my best friend , and they're not alike in anyway , but they both took the test , so . when my ex and i started dating he was ... sigh ! same here ! it's just so frustrating ! like you've done something wrong , or said something that hurt them , and they chose to shrug it off . have you tried talking to them about them ? i , too , have ... honestly , they're one of my all-time favourite people ! i have a question though , has your infj friend ever gotten a little awkward during a conversation ? like , say for a minute or so , but then ... enfp : inhaler , lip balm , tiny perfume , and money . my bag is actually a tiny crossbody bag . i hate carrying things around ! : blushed : personally , one of the hardest things that i have gone through is grieving . i didn't know how to deal with it , and i can never fully digest the idea of death , and passing , and how someone could be ... hahahaha , no way ! my infj friend and i have had that exact same conversation ! it's okay to not be okay . * hugs * ahhh this is too accurate i am screaming . in my head . how does walking away from it feels , though ? i've never walked away . ( yes , i am 17 ) sometimes i fear hurting other people too much , because ... you shouldn't have to handle any hurt feelings , you shouldn't have to compromise your feelings at any cost . people who go out their way to intentionally hurt others are cruel people . your forgiving ... if you ever want to make anyone worry about your issues , i am all ears . hi ! i am so sorry you're going through that . i hope you feel better . have you seen someone ? if so , how's it going ? i haven't gone through that myself , but i know of a condition called ... holy guacamole ! can i ask what other stuff do you have on your computer ? what the hell ? no way ! usually followed by omg you were right ! . also you're too nice and you're childish ! dear intj , i still think of you , and wonder how you are . i am sorry we didn't end on good terms . you were a great friend of mine , i could literally tell you everything . i told you that . i told you ... each song will start with the part i like the most ( you know how whenever you suggest a song to someone in real life , and you wait so eagerly for that part that you just love to start playing ... they sound like such great people ! it's always refreshing to have someone who's just straight-up honest and straightforward ! dang - now i want an istp friend . * quietly stalks the istp forum * ... holy guacamole - thank you for addressing this . i absolutely despise passive aggression ; it always leads to fallouts , a whole lot of misunderstandings , and unanswered question . i don't enjoy it when ... i never met any istps - how are they both like ? isfjs are just too lovely , and too kind , and too wonderful . they fascinate me with their unparalleled selflessness . oh , yeah , i absolutely agree . i ... hello , cineserre ! your name is absolutely beautiful ! what does it mean ? i'm lama , by the way . :-) one of my bestest friends in the whole world is an enfj , you guys are such lovely , intelligent ... hello , christina ! :) my response maybe a little off , because i'm not isfp - apologies in advance . you're not fucked up in the head just because you don't connect with your family members , at the ... murder most unladylike by robin stevens . i am not quite sure if i dig it too much , but i only just started ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02Fq3u5XyCg harpu hehe , thank you ! it's cute , isn't it ? chi.exe don't mention ! there's honestly nothing not to like about you guys . you're 100 % selfless , and it's an incredible quality ! mjostrong ... tarzan , toy story , tangled , and monsters inc . / university hello , dearest and loveliest isfjs ! you guys are made of utter love , warmth , and sunshine ! i just wanted to remind you all that you're wonderful , kind-spirited people - keep doing you ! * bear hugs * ... enfp , woot , woot ! : happy : how's everyone doing ? big hugsies coming your way ai.tran . 75 * bear hugs * hahahaha it's okay , i'm not sure if i completely understand mbti still ! no way ! that's so cool , almost all enfps are 7 . twinning ! ! : cool : what are your favourite mbti types ? awww , god bless you ... nope ! i refuse to believe she is an enfp if she hasn't jumped up and down at the encounter of another fellow enfp . she could be istp , she sounds like one ! ahhh , i know ! i honestly never ... likewise ! ! i would suggest the head and the heart ( especially 10,000 weight in gold , cruel , fire / fear , honey come home ) , the avett brothers - morning song , lewis watson - calling , drew holcomb & the ... no way ! can enfps be shy and reserved at all times ? ! i think she might be mistyped . i don't think enfps would let such things come in the way of friendships . we cherish those so deeply . and , girl , ... you are telling me that you're progressing , and that's definitely something . i completely understand that it can be difficult to talk about such a deep wound . i'm sorry you had to go through all of ... aw , don't mention it ! it's absolutely nothing ! i know that exact same feeling , it's the one i felt as i wrote my post . i was listening to comes and goes ( in waves ) by greg laswell . for some reason it ... oh god . that's such a beautiful imagery . i'd very much like to live like that . it was exactly what i needed to hear . i needed to know i wasn't alone , and i've stayed up just waiting for anyone to tell me it's not only me , and that i'm not over-reacting , and you did . i'm ... it really is , isn't ? it must have been so awful for you to go through that , especially when if you've expected your relationship would elevate after the confrontation . i am so sorry that you had to ... that is so accurate ! it's my initial thought whenever i meet someone new : i want them to feel all jolly and loved as they made me feel , even if i had literally just met them 5 minutes ago . i think ... lati i'm so sorry to hear that . how are you ? it's hard when people who you thought weren't capable of something , are . this it's hard to take that all in , especially taking in that some ... hi , all . i hope you're doing well . i , myself , am not too well . i feel overburdened with love . i feel my heart just overflowing with love , but with no one to love . no one to give my love to . i love ... i agree with pucca , it depends on the individual's preferences . do you have problems with lots of guys liking you ? not on most days . if i'm sending them sorry , - i-am-not-interested signals , and ... oh gosh ! i absolutely despise all kinds and sorts of violent movies . they usually don't deliver good messages , and don't have purpose . i never ever ever purposefully watch violent or horror movies ... why helllo there , my destined best friend - - infj ! isn't mbti just very fascinating ? hello everyone , i hope all is well ! :) i've been obsessing over mbti for quite a while now , and roaming around this website , so i decided that i might as well make an account ! how're you guys ? what ... '