that's really cool of you . i like it when anyone does anything to help others with no gain to themselves regardless of type , and istp's are good at thinking of what will help in a practical sense . my ... i know what you mean . it's not my usual approach . i actually have worked with abused women professionally . i gave her all the advice i could and luckily she is someone i think will listen . you know ... balanced . nice . yeah my istp boyfriend is always ready to make every excuse under the sun for peoples behavior , which is nice and can contribute to more peaceful relationships . i too try and be very ... hey jinhong 91 . thank you for your replies , i forget just how pragmatic a lot of istp's are ! maybe he view situations in that way . in fact i'm sure he does . i guess i don't care about my rewards as ... ok then point taken . there are indeed many cultures that think sexism is perfectly acceptable for example , and that a womans opinions and desires are less important than a mans . so there is no ... i would have gone to the festival with the boys on the train :) i hate missing out on things . if i get a free evening to myself i start panicking about wasting time and frantically search the internet for activities and call friends until i find someone to play ... my gosh . you sound like vulcans ;) . hey ik3 i always like reading your posts . i said the word ' coward ' was deliberately provocative ; that's how this behavior appears to me but i was sure you guys ... my gosh . you sound like vulcans ;) . hey ik3 i always like reading your posts . i said the word ' coward ' was deliberately provocative ; that's how this behavior appears to me but i was sure you guys ... sorry for the deliberately provocative thread title ! ! i just read blacklion's thread below and it made me want to go off on a tangent ... istp's are described as brave , fearless etc in mbti ... yeah ... gentle quirkiness ;) xx wow that's beautiful thank you for sharing that . i have been known my istp boyfriend for a very , very long time . being together is a more recent thing ( a few years ) . i can see how this relationship ... i love audrey ! ! this thread is funny the people whose posts i have read since i joined the forum do seem to fit the actors given ! i would be played by nicole kidman ... she was pretty good at ... that's nice . my bf says that about not even being sure about how he feels sometimes , like it's all tangled up and hazy . i have to read into his actions :) . i would say from the ones i know that's ... that's interesting . infp's are the type i feel most similar to ... our stack is similar . and i have this dynamic almost with my boyfriend ... we don't understand each other fully . we think very ... i really understand , it's very hard being a single enfp parent ! my children love me but i struggle with this too .. i find it easy to discipline what i view as actually bad behavior .. things like being ... i posted a thread about my relationship on the istp forum this year when i was struggling to understand my istp boyfriend . may be worth a look if you want some idea of the struggles that may lay ... thanks for being so honest about your life . it's frustrating when people look at the past through rose tinted lenses , i admire people that can be more rational and see what a relationship was ... nooo ! ! ! stop that fatalistic nonsense right now ! i'm only joking , i love infx's , but the ones i know frustrate me because they won't try to get the things they want . it's not selfish ; maybe he's ... your life just sounds kind of empty maybe ? enfp's aren't hedonists . pleasure and happiness are different . maybe you are just bored of trying to find the next fun thing to see / person to play with and ... i have been through a few phases of my life with this problem . you end up with really nice , good and decent female friends because the other ones , prone to jealousy or competition , will unfortunately ... i'm a little different , i have a number of close friends but not all of them are nf . i agree with the rest ... you shouldn't worry op , with age you will learn to spend time with the best people you ... i humbly and politely disagree with ... errr ... everyone . apart from cinnamom who said you friendzoned yourself ! ! i've been with my istp boyfriend for a long time now , and in the last month or so we've ... yeah i too think even if it's disappointing at least it gives us the desire to try :) real life is never the same as my projections , but surely dreaming of how good things will be is half the fun of anything ? even if it doesn't come true , you can enjoy both your projection and the ... sorry for being sarcastic . it just makes me upset when people are so rude but i shouldn't be rude in return . i agree with you that an eternity of torture would be wicked in itself . please read the bible . there is no ' hellfire ' . it's a man made teaching , based on greek philosophy that polluted the christian ... you meant ' reminding ' not ' remembering ' oh wise one :D ! ! ! i thought the noah question was fascinating . there is scientific evidence for a global flood , as well as legends in disparate cultures ... idiotic and retard . my , you sound pleasant : wink : . what a wonderful advert for morality without the need of religion ! ! who do you think created these laws ? the clue is in the word law . the ... people are all individuals so i guess it always depends on the person . i found with my experience it was a case of the same strengths and the same weaknesses meaning a lack of chemistry . both non ... i'm an f type and here's my take ; i am highly emotional and detest conflict because it causes me anguish . however i believe nothing is solved by walking away , the only way to resolve conflict is to ... wow that's funny , i've seen that in lots of ' i ' types ... like once they actually start talking , they must get it all out ! ! it's kind of like the ' e ' thing ... sometimes for extroverts it can be like ... sigh . i love theoretical philosophizing . i'm a strong ' n ' . i believe if you read the sentence in context i become bored of it once it has served it's purpose for the time being . i believe sensors and ... oh yeah ... you guys have it even worse sometimes . my entp boyfriend drove me mental analyzing every tiny thing ! ! just for that sarcastic comment at the end alone ... please don't do it ! ! ! i was with a few intj's , one i even had children with ... and it's just a horrible combination unless you are both mature and ... i feel that way often . i think to be an enfp is to be perpetually unsatisfied , always knowing you are missing something and there are truths beyond your perception . is there an opposite word to ... weird . i also work for a non-profit organisation ... however , i really hate my job . love helping people but cannot stand all the dry , boring procedure and administration . or the pressure of very ... i think istp's and isfp's don't particularly ' fit in ' either in fairness ... but they seem more ok with it , and not being e's stick out a lot less at school ! people just let them be ... people seemed ... can i be an infp please ? you know ... quite like myself with the awesome ne but without all of the exhausting need to connect with everyone in the universe ! ! ! oh dear you have made me feel very unkind . which is how i often feel with my mom ! ! lol . i wrote that post after our latest disagreement :D . my mother is a great woman , and when she gossips ... it's ... * occurrence ( stoopid phone ) i'm procrastinating right now ! ! ! i hate chores i only do them when people are coming over and i am shamed into it . which is far too regular an occur acne for my liking ... somali pirate made me laugh ... i think some of the ' we are n's with our superhuman 6th sense , mere s mortals ' attitude does come from being in a minority .. a lot of n's are bullied at school as ... hey tim agreed . i was like that when i was younger . enfps so want to please , and are so unjudgemental ( their bad behaviour is because of their background / circumstances ! etc ) that we can become ... yeah my son gets grumpy about it too :) i think enfp's yet to have children should really think about this ... loss of freedom is very hard for us . you sound like an amazing mom ! really got is down better than me :D these bits i related to ... all of my angry face / voice is completely fake . it's a persona i have to put on , because kids need ... this may work with him . but i will have to present him with evidence , studies ... :) he has a good heart so i hope it will work . i always end up feeling responsible for the wellbeing of everyone i've ever met . it's really stressful . infp's are so kind , but they don't seem to take on everyone they come in contact with ! i like ... dear entp , please . please . stop . talking ! ! ! no offence . and i am aware from an enfp this seems ironic . enfp who just lost the will to live