' i've been in a relationship with an enfj for a year and three months . it hasn't been easy for all the reasons mentioned above - we are both highly emotional and intuitive ( which makes fights super ... i wish people would see my silence as wisdom instead of having nothing to say , my kindness as strength instead of weakness , and my solitude as peace instead of stingy-ness . i often wonder how many ... an entp who i've spent a lot of time with wrote me , you're wonderful human being , sweet , sincere , honest , kind , funny , sexy ... and quirky which i always think is endearing . and then he broke my ... i thought of another good one ... i'm sorry you feel that way . * blood boils * this part is nice . the whole time i read this i thought it was kind of sweet but also , so what do you do for her ? as much as she completes you ... i am also an infj and can see myself becoming ... the way i envision enfps is constantly after the chase . then once they have someone ... they're kinda like giddy and omg omg - and then a few days , weeks , months later ... well what if they leave ? ... i confess that when i decided to come to alaska , i was running away from things . but now i'm coming home . nailed it . i took an inaccurate test my freshman year of college in a class with other people and ended up enfp . it wasn't until my junior year of college that my enfp roommate , who knew me very ... a ) that wasn't your post , that was someone else's post b ) it's so much more complicated than that and you're a doofus unfortunately i've never stayed real friends with an ex / someone i dated who broke my heart . this might be because the anger is always the last in the stages of grief for some reason , and that's what ... i wasn't involved in this discussion haha . leave me out of it . and stop bragging about seeing girls naked . i feel like doing this is cathartic , as long as you're not expecting a response , an explanation , or an apology . it really helps just to ... tell someone what they did to you . if possible , without ... biting the tongue is a good skill ! in my experience though , the if they've really hurt me happens so easily , and sometimes without me even knowing it , that it's difficult to avoid in even the ... i've found that conflict with an infp is something i want to avoid at all costs , because they will usually say something extremely hurtful since they are so good at reading emotions and feel so ... your insecurity is a beacon you confuse yourself in its light the brain spinning weakness and strength in black and white until you're dizzy with the emotion i wish you'd be honest with yourself ... i got all excited and was going to reply saying that my favorite color is pink too . but then i realized you were just being mean . hooray pink ! ! ! some of my least favorite things ever said to me ... why in the world are you single ? i think you need to just get over it . you need to be more social . why can't you just do ___ right ? ... the worst is when someone uses something personal , private , or painful that i have confided in them against me , to hurt me . finding your most vulnerable areas and exploiting them . well , that's just ... oh , gotcha , yeah most people on this thread have very deep-looking eyes ! crap ! i hate you i'm trying to disable this now so people can't see it but i'm at work and youtube is blocked . it's a new day ! i disagree , some people's are hard and cold . nothing below . recently this happened between me and an entp . i finally ended up just walking away because i felt like i hit a wall in terms of what he could give me emotionally ... felt like he was holding on by a ... i don't belong in your memories and i don't belong in your heart that's so spilling over with all the broken pieces you've kept inside hoarding pain in black and white as if it's got the ability ... that is crazy , and so cool . yeah the way i felt about this going to happen , was like a nervousness , or a fear , and then another anonymous voice popping into my head and saying , just wait until ... i have to believe that there is a divine force , a higher power , or at least something that creates a rhyme or reason to the things that happen in the world , whether i understand it or not . to ... i did this the other day . just had a feeling something would happen , not based on any facts , clues , or evidence , and it did . freaked me out . not the first time that has happened . sometimes my ... you're right . neither have i ... i guess what i meant by someone who makes you cry is someone who doesn't necessarily care that they make you cry . if they stick around to fix it , that's ... this seems unrealistic . :/ on topic , however , i think the most important thing i've learned is : the one who makes you cry is not worth your tears . hahaha . totally . i can hear exactly . perfectionism seems to be a common theme in the responses in this . that's valuable advice i can take and run with . accepting lack of control over circumstances changes worry , anxiety , depression , ... love this . thank you ! maybe not , maybe so . thanks for the opinion . i've read this article before and i despise it . it is ironic that 40 years of women ’ s liberation has succeeded only in turning women into a commodity . something to be used up and thrown out . ... some great points here . culture may have a lot to do with it , as does general sensitivity . outlets ... yeah , definitely . i feel exactly the same . i love your quotes in your signature by the way . the personality page portrait of an infj includes a statement that i believe is astoundingly true : life is not necessarily easy for the infj , but they are capable of great depth of feeling and ... feeling like i'm feeling too much . homesick for my family , the ocean , and stars . wanting to sink into clear open water and not come up for a while . someone once told me ... everyone in alaska is either running from something , or hiding from something . i think i'm a runner . don't even pretend that your world is an oyster when you can't ... we only live once i lived to run from you it brought me here here brought me there and there drives me on you can't wait for me , you said , and no it isn't fair my heart's sore , a tangled mess your eyes are blue as ever when i dream them after dark been months and i can't forget you i don't know what ... i was mad at him because of some stuff that happened previously , had already told him i didn't want to see him pre-flowers , therefore the flowers which would have been sweet another time came off as ... oh my god . so not the whole story . oh coffee ... i wish i knew how to quit you . ( i wrote this while drinking coffee ) . i'm not really sure what she means by stating that you're always in your mind somewhere else ... that seems more a problem that you'd have with her , not vice versa if we are adhering strictly to ... i was talking about this with a friend the other day . i don't think i'm attracted to dangerous men , but i get bored with men that i don't feel rival my strength intellectually , emotionally , ... i may be working on an indian reservation out of state starting june 11 actually , up in the air . sounds fun . i'm in the los angeles part of la . in grad school so i have finals until may 4th . i'll move down to oc after that until june , but i could come back up no biggie . i move from my stomach on the pavement , facedown . there is no one around . i move to crawl , arms stretched out , shaking . the sun hits my face . i rock onto my hands , it hurts , the gravel ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=480Hw1Y2OrM like this song and video ... which made me cry . '