i like them . i think one of my friends is one ( although i'm not entirely sure ) , and we get along well . [ intp ] i love jesus and he loves you [ intp ] i don't believe in logic [ intp ] debates should be done with emotions , not rationality [ intp ] why i love sfs so ... where are we now ? must be in university ... hopefully in sciences or maths ... have we started writing that book we wanted to write ? hopefully , we've done one of these things : - learn a new ... you need to determine what your cognitive functions are before . you can't be both introverted and extroverted if you look at the functions . just saying . i'm in 8th grade , but a lot of my classes contain 9th grade stuff . at my school , we're graded more harshly than other schools . on a hard science test , the average was 72 % . and i got 90 % ( which , ... i don't even live in the usa . so , i actually get straight as , and i'm in canada , it's way harder than in the usa . so don't make assumptions , especially ones with little or no information . i agree ... when you didn't study for an exam , stress and think you're going to fail , and get 100 % . happened to me many times . alright , maybe i don't have a te , even though another intp that seemed well-informed on the matter told me so . but , i'm still and organized intp . i don't procrastinate a lot , as they normally do ... maybe , but i know i'm not a feeler , although i'm not a 100 % thinker . i know i'm a thinker because my primary function is introverted thinking , and extroverted feeling is my fourth . like you , fellow ... when i say that i have a te , it doesn't mean that i have all the te characteristics ; it's just that i'm organized ( like ti-s ) ! i'm an organized intp . i'm getting tired of explaining myself . i don't know what word i should use for the * almost insulted * ... i guess unhappy ? ? i'm not english ... ( my native language is french ) . i guess i should stay feelers drive me nuts when we argue ... i said almost an insult . emphasis on almost . and who are you to day that i can't have ti and te developed ? there are no definite rules as to what cognitive functions you can and cannot be ... well , first off because ti ( introverted thinking ) is my dominant cognitive function . and also because i'm surrounded by too many feelers who take non-offensive comments as offensive . and that ... um ... i now know that i'm an intp , which is why my ni isn't super developed ( my ne is ) . skillchaos i'm not saying that i'm weird in my group of friends ... i'm just saying i don't fit in , and that i hate that . i used to cry at night because people always told me i'm weird . i singled ... i am so that way . i pick apart everything to ' sink ' someone's argument . and i love to take the opposite side to someone just to , as you put it , ' stir shit up ' . i'm really like the intps in that ... the thing i concluded with an intp , is that i'm an intp with a pretty good te , which means why i first mistyped myself as an intj . for my ti , i'm one of those people that is always analyzing ... i do it so i don't feel as alone as i do , and also to understand what makes me so weird compared to my peers . i'm now seeing the types as they cognitive functions , and not their letters , which is the best way to see it , from what i've learnt . i'm leaning towards intp , because of my cognitive functions . what are you trying to say by that ? confused ... also , i'm not trying to box myself to a type , i'm just curious about it , and i like to talk to people that are similar to me . because i'm seen as ... after talking to intps , i've concluded that i'm an intp with a strong te ... although i'm not entirely sure ... i say we should be called the the strategist or the mastermind . then why did you say ' i just said it is bad to be one and ignore new facts , or to act like one without being one . ' ? he never said that he ignored new facts . where did you get that ? so if you were to make an average of those two ... it would make 160 ! if you were to look around internet , most sites agree that 160 is considered genius . also , you could have an iq of 160 and yet ... i think the nts are definitely ravenclaws , though . you do know that for you to be considered a genius in iq points , your iq needs to be 160 and more ? i'm just saying ; you're gifted or highly gifted , but not a genius by iq standards . i'm an intj and i am a ravenclaw ! i just know that house is for me ! also , when i tried going to the intp place on perc , i couldn't relate to almost everything ! i'd say 5 % of what people said about intp applied to me , whilst for intjs , and i'd say 90 % ( or more ) ... because , as i stated in my last comment , a part of me wanted to be an intp , not an intj . and also because i had a little doubt in the back of my head . nighti absolutely , but if you've every talked or met with any intjs , we're very ... to say the least ... stubborn ? anyways , i realized i posted this thread because a part of me , first , didn't want to ... that's what happened to me on an intj group on facebook ; i found my place . i love the group , since i can be myself , and everyone is themselves , and we're all happy intjs because we can finally be ... first off , i can relate to ' the intjs know what they know , but also what they don't know ' . they are perfectionists , which i am incredibly . to intjs , people that are ' slacking ' lose an intj's respect , ... i was 100 % confident that i was an intj until someone told me that ' tormenting ' people is a trait of intps . but , of all the traits i read about , it's one of the few that apply to me . i've been on ... alright , to sum it up : - basically , if i were to base my type off of a description , like on intj profile , i'm pretty much 100 % intj ( i remember when i first took a test on mbti and i checked out the ... i'd say , try and be as patient as you can be with other people , yet you can take little breaks in between socializing to energize yourself . that's what i try to do , otherwise i can't socialize with ... the first time i took the mbti test , i didn't know a thing about it , and i got intj . i have almost always tested the same . i watched this video on youtube about the difference between intjs and intps , and i'm , again leaning on intj . your friend sounds a lot like me . if i were to go by definitions of types , i would be almost 100 % intj . that's why i'm hesitating , and also , if you look at my results , it seems that i'm not totally ti , ne and si . i think i'm a ne , ti , si , fi , but i do some things intps do , while i do a lot of intj related things . i find myself confused as to what type i am . i feel more like an intj , though . never mind ; i think i'm an intj . although , you can still comment on what you think i am . well , alright , i'll answer spade's questionnaire : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life ... i've thought this through for a while , yet i can't seem to be sure whether i am a p or a j . when i take a mbti test , it'll say that i'm an intj , whereas when i take a cognitive functions , it tells me ... i'm good at maths . i get a 100 % on almost every math test , and i never study . it's incredibly easy , and i can understand in 5 minutes what it would take for an average student about 120 minutes and ... i was honestly amused my the op's posts . it seems to me that the op is an enfj , since he didn't use his head to differ emotions from the reality . and , if he actually read intj posts , we know we're ... for me , going on intj forums and such is an outlet . i'm finally able to be myself ; accurate and to the point , without needing to dumb myself down for other humans . but , i have to admit that some ... my answers : 1 ) geniuses - i know i'm above average ( in the 130s and more ) ... but that's not a genius . 2 ) psychopaths - nope . 3 ) no feelings - i just hate showing them . i do have feelings , but ... hi there ! i'm still in school ( high school precisely ) , and school has always been easy ( one would even think too easy ) for me . whilst some people might think that is great , it's not always exactly ... i hate or dislike the following : - people that are far from polite and only think about themselves - stupid people - people that think school is only about socializing - teamwork - people ...