' if it's not what you expected , try browns instead :) i definitely prefer browns to blues , but everyone's different . in life , and particularly in your working life , you will be working with others . i would suggest accepting that you'll be working with this person , and instead concentrate more on dealing with the ... all the ingredients for an unhealthy relationship . it all sounds so romantic ( and familiar ) . that explains how you go through idealising and devaluing others , but i was more interested in hearing about how you think the devaluing impacts the other person ( the person suddenly being devalued ) . actualized type : istj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 88.89 % extroverted ( e ) 11.11 % sensing ( s ) 66.67 % intuitive ( n ) 33.33 % thinking ( t ) 52.94 % feeling ( f ) 47.06 % judging ( j ) 80 % perceiving ( p ) ... none of this makes any sense to me . if i knew someone had feelings for me and i didn't have feelings for them , i'd probably start distancing myself from them . mainly because 1 . i wouldn't want them to get hurt 2 . i don't need / want ... orangeappled these are my own observations , based mostly on infps i've come across on this forum . no it's not scientific , i wouldn't claim it is . i have to point out , though , that your quote ... if that is the case then that's fine , i don't mind being wrong . i think it's important to be open and honest so we can reach some level of self awareness . behaviour that is dysfunctional / damaging to the self should be identified and labeled as such . what i have ... fair enough , i suspected that was what was trying to be communicated . i still think a lot of infps are rather childish in terms of how they deal with difficult situations , as well as how they handle ... i'm an istj . my personal opinion based on a number of infps ( as well as isfps , actually ) i've interacted with / come across on this forum ... yes . many infps do come off as rather childish . i don't know ... hey ! welcome :) i disagree , based on first hand experience . and it's definitely not out of pride / fear of rejection . but i don't want to dwell on that . i hope you'll consider initiating conversations more with ... would be great . then we'd all stop wasting time on people who aren't interested in making meaningful connection . welcome ( again :P ) ! would be interesting to hear about how you think your devaluation / discard ( because that is what it is , at the end of the day ) impacts the other person . i love this quote : sometimes you hold back from talking to someone not because of your pride nor because you fear rejection . but because you know deep down that if they wanted to be there in ... library ... what's that ? [ emoji 14 ] just kidding , though i haven't been to an actual library since i was about ... 10 ? that would be 16 years ago ? i have amazon kindle , and audible , so i have access to ... hello fellow istjs :) i'm looking for some book recommendations ! i don't know what i'm looking for exactly , but something for my t . i'm interested in self development , and i've been going through ... nothing is going to change unless you change - - and this takes some effort . that's not to say you're not trying , but you need to try harder . and it all begins with changing the way you think . 1 - ... what's the one thing that makes you most happy in life / happy to be alive ? feel free to detail how it makes you feel , and perhaps try to explain why you think that might be . if you can also include ... the problem with that is it's difficult to know whether the cause is some chemical imbalance , or if i'm doing something wrong . if it's something i'm doing wrong then drugs would just be hiding it , ... for the past few days i've been on the verge of tears throughout the day . and when i'm alone i just want to cry . i honestly don't know why , or what's triggered it . being off work for a few days ... i feel like i'm having a 1/3 life crisis . i don't know what i'm doing , and nothing makes sense anymore . life really isn't fun right now :/ if i could magic it away as if i never existed and no one ... lakigigar that's very interesting . thank you for sharing . what's unhealthy about imagining your loved one being paralyzed or dead ? ? ? what's healthy about it ? what kind of emotions do you feel when you fantasise about such a thing ? do you like feeling sorry ... lakigigar your post strikes me as being really , really unhealthy . i don't mean to judge , i've had similar fantasies before . i'm not sure too sure what the best thing to do in this scenario would be . when i'm sad / grieving there is very little anyone else can do for me ( unless i'm very close to that person , or they're a ... as with all feelings , loneliness is difficult to describe . but i'll try and give you my perspective on it . firstly , i relate to a lot of what you've said . i'm not a very social person , i keep ... moonious please see a doctor . it's not normal to have a headache for 2 weeks . the more i try to understand isfps and infps , the more i'm convinced they're just crazy . crazy crazy crazy . i feel crazy just thinking about how they're crazy . and now i'm experiencing semantic ... oh so that's what you meant ! yeah if i were you i'd drop him right now and not look back . that's way overstepping boundaries and it shows he has no respect for you whatsoever . browneyedgirl 1 i don't know , i'm only going on what you've said . he might have a completely different interpretation and perspective on this whole thing . just as there are reasons why you ... o . o i'm sorry , but this is pretty ridiculous . i don't have anything else to contribute at this point . good luck ! i'm confused . what does he want from you now exactly ( other than getting you to do stuff you no longer want to do ) ? kajada i listened to all of those bands when i was 15/16 ! [ emoji 14 ] some other bands i remember from back then ... trapt , the killers , the used , blink 182 , funeral for a friend ... i also liked ... he does sound very immature . i wonder what type he is . anyway , at least you know where you stand with him . i hope you'll stick to your values and not give in to his childish behaviour . i don't seem to get excited about anything . i'm not sure if it's a personality type thing , or if it's something deeper . does anyone else feel this way ? and if so , what's your type ? examples : ... i was just kidding hehe 😊 regardless of that , it doesn't give him the right to be a dick . it doesn't sound as if he is even trying to save your relationship / understand where you're coming from ... and that's not a good sign ... i feel bad for you . he sounds like a dick . but i think it's clear that you're not compatible , so i hope you'll stop wasting your time / energy on this . ferroequinologist what do you mean by who you really are ? what does that mean ? i believe we can change what's on the inside , if that's what you mean . for example , i've had to work on being a ... browneyedgirl 1 i never knew what that was like , until i got involved with an isfp [ emoji 14 ] in trying to make sense of her , i ended up losing my balance and i ended up being very ... browneyedgirl 1 i guess you fear being trapped for whatever reason , maybe it has something to do with your childhood . i know my isfp friend didn't have a very good childhood . i can't say i ... browneyedgirl 1 that's an interesting point you make about whether we're in fact the ones with the my way or the highway attitude . i think in some sense , yes , we are . we would like others to adhere ... that doesn't mean anything . if you want me to accept you and i want you to accept me , but were two different people with different needs , how does that even work ? ! lol . if you don't want to take ... if he gets angry and defensive , then you'll know he's a dick / not partner material . you would have saved yourself a lot of future bs . also , if he's straight up giving you the silent treatment for ... i wrote a long reply but i lost it damn :( why don't you communicate to him what you have to me here ? asking how well endowed the guy was etc isn't reasonable at all . it serves no purpose . i ... also , i'm going to say something and i could be totally wrong ... but i suspect when a person comes along who accepts you fully , you won't care for that person . maybe you will think along the lines ... '