' i think that'll probably be my next big aim - earn enough so that i can quit , recalibrate and travel for a good half a year or more . 100 % planning to do that at some point . currently in the ... i think it was partly due to the fact that i started the studenting aged 24 , and am now recently 29 . us intps like to be social non-conformists , but i must be honest it did feel a bit shit being a ... i'm going to do some pathetic one-upmanship now , because i'm pathetic . on friday i went to my friend's wedding . took a 3 hour bus to get to the next city , arrived at 1030pm , then he said me and my ... i finally finished being a university studenty person . well i finished at the end of may this year , but since i decided to not continue with my master's year of study , i was told i had to do some ... honestly not sure , maybe estp . i think what you really mean is you don't want a customer service style job where you have to put on a fake persona . as long as you can be yourself , it doesn't really matter if you have to deal ... i got 6000 upvotes on quora last week . heh ! though i ought to admit it was sort of pot luck . quora's algorithm for finding good posts to put in peoples ' read / digest feeds has strange criteria , i ... some seriously daft responses here . helium , deadly , dangerous , ' for the effects ' , etc . helium ? ! ? ! how sheltered were your lives as you grew up ? ! using helium to make your voice go funny is a ... oh aye iceland is alright . i don't go there much though . i'd win another gunboat war against norway though . send all you nordy nords back to hell . stop being so nordy ! and why are you siding with the yanks , you anti-european traitor ! oh wait , your nation ... you're american . you culture appropriating bastard . next time you use those words , i'm pulling down a statue . yes , and i hereby by declare everything to be bollocks and arse . http://www.katyjon.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/Rik-Mayall-Rick-in-The-Young-Ones-428x372.png american humour has no depth . you appear to be ignoring or simply not understanding every last bit of helpful and reassuring information given to you in this discussion . i think there's no hope . hysterical buzzwords and ... only showing your own deficiencies there i'm afraid . get fucked , pika-duck : happy : ^ ^ ^ haha but you still take the time to post a reply to the thread . what a boring life you must lead , you daft cunt . guess what they sell at burger king in china . just guess . quad stack hamburgers . cardcastle your insults are all fucking terrible . not even joking . what a boring shade of grey . honestly i think you need to see a psychiatrist . your paranoia levels are off the scale . it's a radio . we all use them , everywhere , every day . nobody has started to melt into the floor or ... another thing i've just remembered is that the human body regulates its respiration via co2 levels . for example , people who hyperventilate before doing a long swim underwater risk death because ... to be honest i don't think calculations are necessary or even possible . it's not like anyone has stated the volume or pressure of the canister , so the only thing you can do is build a theoretical ... so my flatmate just got a huge bag of m & ms out of the fridge . largest i've seen in my life . we then ate a lot of them . 15 minutes or so later , i felt a weird woozy sensation , leaving me almost ... yeah i've been in love three times . the best time was the first time because it was totally mutual . the second time was a little one-sided but the girl ( enfp ) was a bit flaky with the love ... terence mckenna . this guy ? cool so an uneducated hippy took some drugs , said a few out there things and ended up with a large cult following . nothing wrong with being a hippy , in fact ... that's exactly what physics teaches . you learn to see the world from a logical perspective and can build mathematical models of things with your eyes closed . i studied none of those things in ... i knew there'd be some lardy darr city folk element watering it down somewhere . : wink : here's how i see it : intps tend to complete and achieve things in sudden bursts . you may think of the appalachian trail as a long , drawn out thing which you might quit , but really it isn't at all ... quite interesting . what i'd like to know is if those peaks ( or some of them ) are followed by a fall in ability after reaching their peak , or does the peak stay as a plateau for a while . you are literally engulfed by radiation every day . i bet your house has wi-fi . watch out , i's gonna getcha ! ah yeah , qed , that's the one . i knew there was something else relating electromag and qm but i couldn't remember . it's a very advanced topic though so if don't be surprised if your whole degree ... you should learn most of electromag in 1st year or maybe 2nd year . after that there's not actually a huge amount of extra special stuff to be learned , apart from some magnet-related things in ... yeah for sure , and yeah definitely the sound would barely last more than a second , if that . the pressure variations could surely still register on a device very nearby though . awesome that you're ... did you read the article ? so as the article says , sounds can travel in space , haha . it just needs a medium , and air particles would provide that medium as long as you did it in close enough ... lots of things are human inventions . bananas , carrots and seedless watermelons spring to mind . not sure if it's been shown already as i'm too lazy to read the whole thread but here's an ... a couple of things . firstly , i looked at a few pictures and videos on my computer today , of my life and times when i was a bit younger . it suddenly occurred to me that most of the stuff i was ... humble brag , i don't care . found this picture yesterday . look at the awesome place i work at : http://himg2.huanqiu.com/attachment2010/2017/0219/20170219060733981.jpg chengdu software park , the ... not sure how others feel but i give zero fucks about who joins in at the intp subforum . it would obviously be a bit silly to chime in on topics where people want an intp viewpoint , but generally ... not at all bothered by it . i think it's a bit of a problem for some nts to try to ' be logical ' just because their personality type dictates it . tell me your favourite food . now tell me why you ... can't say for sure as i just saw an article about it . however , the company who set up the bike scheme in manchester is exactly the same chinese company who operate with millions of bikes here in ... i cycle to work every day on a shared bike , of which there are quite literally millions in china . this city alone must have a good 500 ' 000 . it's a great system - the bikes have wheel locks in the ... sounds like you're trying to justify a bad thing to yourself . when you want to do something and then you do it - this isn't even okay for ' nice ' things , e . g . the seven deadly sins include ... what makes you say you know that ? i'm pretty sure the reverse is true . time dilation at relativistic speeds means time slows down for you . when you return to normal ( or zero ) velocity , everything ... started the new job yesterday . definitely an internship rather than a ' real job ' , but i'm not fussed since there was never a timespan given to me so i'll likely carry on tinkering around and learning ... awesome , it loaded . this website , i mean . hasn't been accessible from china for a while . yesterday i passed an interview entirely in chinese and got a job as a web developer intern for a ... didn't win any of my bets , but this has been ssuuuch a great result ! when the election was called , the tory party already had a strong majority and labour were at their lowest ever , roundly ... voted in the general election . also placed a £ 10 bet on labour gaining an overall majority , and a £ 10 on jeremy corbyn being the next prime minister . the former pays out £ 300 , the latter £ 70 . ... yeah the menu appears . i learned the next part the hard way . all tabs lost , ha . not sure if it's just my computer or what but if i click the very top left corner of chrome twice it closes . new annoying accidental discovery for the day . uk general election in t-minus 6 days . the goliath strength of our right wing , media-backed cunt base of a government has come crashing down in a matter of weeks . oh how the mighty do fall . ... '