' anyone into oh my girl ? i think i posted some first impression typings of them a while back , but i'm too lazy to go look again ~ i'll likely be revising them soon because comeback = new typing material ... exo kai - i see him as isfp , but yeah definitely an fi dom chen - he's an entp 7w6 to me . i think if you compare him & baekhyun you could see this more clearly chanyeol - i read him as an entj ... i 100 % agree . i think they probably just took one look at him and didn't bother actually reading into his character tbh . i can't blame them though , my impression of him was the same until i actually ... i've seen him typed as all xsxp types , but i never really agreed with that typing hahaha . that makes sense actually ! tbh ni is the function i know least about so i have trouble spotting it : tongue : ... has girl's day been typed yet ? ( i feel like i just drop by here randomly and mention a new group every single time lmao ) yay another bts fan ! i'm curious about your typing of namjoon , i've never seen someone type him as infj ! care to explain ? ( unless it's just a feeling , i get those too about some typings and they're ... tega 1 yep ! ! ! it's here it's fun to do when i'm bored lol hahahaha i know , it's just for fun , i found some website where you could guess people's types by their faces & it made me wonder how accurately other people could guess for some of my own pictures ... jennalee yeah i think the ne or se deal would've been cracked if i actually spent time on scenario 7 , but i got lazy unfortunately : tongue : still , in earlier answers there were little hints of ne so ... just realized i posted my response in your older thread of this one . oops . i'm gonna use the key to try to figure it out but if you or anyone wants to analyze it i definitely wouldn't mind ! ! ! ... doing this out of curiosity and boredom ~ scenario 1 i would be completely devastated . before finding out about the diagnosis i would probably be trying to figure out what i did or what ... i mean , if ya want ! i decided to use baby pictures , it seemed fun and i'm curious to see what people think ... anyway , the first picture has all five kids ( one is being sneaky in the corner covered ... since oh my girl debuted recently i figured i'd bring them up ! hyojung - esfj . definitely ( probably ) an fe dom seunghee - esfp yooa - istp jine - ixfx yayyy ix92m glad therex 92s another bana ! ! ! : ) i got really into b1a4 this year , i wish i was a fan longer ! ! ! theyx 92re so adorable , they became one of my favorite groups very quickly . yeah cnu is ... i third the interest in red velvet ! ! ! i can't wait to find out more about yeri , she seems very bubbly has anyone settled on typings for b1a4 / have they been typed here yet ? i'm pretty curious about them here's what i have so far ~ cnu : infp . i'd be very surprised if he were anything else . 9w1 ? ? ? ... sorry for such a late reply ! ! ! : bored : anyway , if you're still looking for some shows , there's rookie king and american hustle life ! recently i've been reading a lot more on functions , which before i had trouble spotting but now i'm starting to notice them in people ... it's exciting ! ! : tongue : yeah i tend to be pretty assuming , ... i guess my description wasn't really thorough ahahah , i'll try again ~ well , she doesn't seem to sugar-coat things , kinda just says them as they are even though her soft voice kinda makes it seem ... yay bts ! honestly they're very quickly becoming my favorite group . here's what i think ~ jin : ixfx of sorts . probably isfp suga : honestly he has me stumped , he's my bias so of course i really ... of course ! well , it is very clear that irene is introverted . while she is very reserved , i do not get a sense that she is timid . seems self-assured . consistent . quite playful but doesn't really show ... wow i haven't posted here in a while , school's had me so busy : - ( anyway , i'm pretty confident in these typings for red velvet now : wendy : esfj joy : entp irene : intj seulgi : istp nah honestly i think it's a pretty good impression ! i agree with your reading of her . there's not really any defining evidence that shows she's an extravert but she doesn't seem like a clear ... i wouldn't be shocked if minho were infp . honestly i'd be pretty happy , especially because me and minho are both infp athletes tt___tt <3 but yeah like you said , infps tend to choose infp biases ... honestly i'm still in total shock . especially after rise passing as well . i wasn't really a devoted fan of them , but i liked a few of their songs and especially sojung's singing . i can't even imagine ... definitely , i think it's similar to a shy person who is very zany underneath that quietness idolizing an out-there goofball performer . it's kinda like admiration & jealousy working together lol & ... okay , as of today i'm officially stating that a-tom is my bias in topp dogg . this man is ruining my life lately : blushed : & i'm gonna edit my typings a bit . this is a pretty interesting observation of minho , i wouldn't necessarily rule it out , especially because i'm an infp soccer player and minho is my bias in shinee . :'D however , in my mind , he's an ... i agree i love spanish , i was actually thinking of resuming spanish classes next semester ~ ~ hahaha , for me , i'm interested by bitchy characters bc they're very unlike myself . my best friend irl is ... hmmm this one - - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9TfYIb8OUc it's just a bunch of cuts from the episode , but yeah no subs yet : < agreed , there's like 0 info about them out there it's frustratingx 85 ... side note , so today i came home from class to be punched in the gut by the news of ladies ' code eunb's death . although i've only listened to their title songs , i'm really hurting for the fans of ... i just watched the most recent video of red velvet , it's not subbed yet so i kinda just observed them i'm leaning toward esfj for wendy too ! i'm excited for when there's enough info to actually ... they're really good ( and super attractive of course ) ! i've just recently started to get really into them ! i've also watched the scarce amount of videos of red velvet and so far here's what i ... got 7 ! ! ! my lurking ends here ! ! in my mind , jackson is an estp 7 . his boyish charm is through the roof now mark , i'm confident in saying mark is inxp but i can't get a read on his dominant ... big fish , it's such a fantastical movie . good dialogue , storyline , characters , scenery , etc . i like it because i love movies with tons of characters and story lines , this one really satisfies that ... infp situational , self-deprecating , irony , screwball , dry / sarcasm i dunnox 85 honestly i laugh at most things aaanyone wanna give topp dogg a shot ? i'm obsessed with their music lately my impressions are ( keep in mind i don't know much about this group yet ) ( ( like seriously i hardly know anything about them ... wow , excuse my late reply ! ! i didn't see this until now , i figured you didn't reply to my post hahahahh silly me ! : bored : i'll be honest , the main reason i was set on istp for kai is because he is ... coolcool ! ! thanks for typing me ! that's interesting what you said about the outline , i agree . yep , when i'm stressed my words can rip someone apart . x___x i'd say an angry infp is one of the scariest things . like a bunny eating a man whole . cool to know that i'm an infp through and ... . honestly i can't decide what type my closest friends are , it's frustrating . i think i know them too well so i read into them too much . for now , i'm gonna settle on estj 6w7 , enfj 3 , & esfj 9 . my ... i filled out this questionnaire ... i'm super excited to see what you guys think ( enneagram or mbti ) ! gogogogogo 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? curiosity , mostly ! ... when i was really young ( 2-6 yrs ) i was super quiet and hated being around people . i learned how to read by watching my mom teach my older sister and loved jigsaw puzzles ( i still do of course ) , ... i noticed that as well ! while on here it's ( clearly ) not an anime character , on tumblr my avatar is an anime character that i felt oddly attached to ... so there ya go ! my crush and i kissed a few nights ago , but i can't even be excited about it because i have an odd feeling he likes one of my friends . why can't i just enjoy things in the moment ? though it's not very practical and highly unlikely to ever happen ... ever ... i just wish everyone could accept and appreciate differences , let everyone live how they want to , i think it would make ... i like them because they're as challenging to understand as we are i go to bed whenever ( seriously , sometimes i don't even go to bed x__x ) and usually wake up at 5am , then go back to sleep and wake up around 10 i've always been an early riser , during the school ... i'm super open about things i don't deem as important e . g . upon meeting someone i may seem totally open because i'll share stories about my childhood or my stance on religious or political beliefs , ... '