' i'm going to be boring and say spirited away and princess mononoke . i really like castle in the clouds however . mostly seinen and a little shounen , but the shounen is usually borderline seinen anyway . posting another one of me because the other one was from faaar away . picking pumpkins last year . cropped . 50611 i start to hit that stage at the 2 week mark . i guess i like playing the game more than winning it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHEOF_rcND8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LxMHmw3Z-U most of these sound 2deep4me . i like a good story . occasionally , i'll read a nonfiction about a topic i'm interested in . right now i'm reading imagine , a book about creativity . hmm , i just found ... i love art , particularly realist and traditional graphite art . i hate abstract and modern art , i think its foolish and the artists simply aren't capable of drawing a decent human . its called being 16 . you'll get over it . i buy a dog . about the daleks getting everything about the doctor deleted , they have been on the ropes and on the verge of extinction for the last few seasons . almost every dalek episode involved a plot to ... why do you hate being asian ? asian girls are the best . man , being a teacher sounds hard . can't see me well , but i'm the one next to the dog . 47982 he might have started to think about the relationship after you parted - and by thinking about it , mean thinking too much . i have a problem in which i'm more interested in the chase more than the ... i feel like they're overpriced if you're just going for an undergraduates degree . beyond an undergraduates is when they're worth looking into . do well at a state college and apply afterwards for your ... to be honest , i just see a lot of photos run through filters in photoshop . which is too bad , because they might look good if they were just touched up . i usually hate poetry , but this is one i love . go placidly amid the noise and haste , and remember what peace there may be in silence . as far as possible without surrender be on good terms with ... my bed is a mess by the time i wake up . i'll go to sleep with my blanket on top of me and a blanket over me . i'll wake up with my pillows on the floor , out of their cases , my sheet off my mattress , ... i usually browse da for stock photos . conceptart.org is great for motivation , just looking at the sketchbook forum gets me ready to go . fall and winter are my favorite seasons , if only because i can take night time strolls in the cold . bonus points if its snowing . it feels like a soft reset to anything stressful . nujabes feat . shing 02 - luv ( sic ) parts 1-5 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu-0619LfyY could you imagine it ? an f - 35 carrying a payload of one t-rex . strapped to the t-rex is a terrifying combination of rockets , gremlins , chainsaws , and velociraptors . one day , you're looking out ... fortunately , i don't really remember my finest moments . one of my friends favorite stories . two of my friends and i went to a friends relatives family reunions . after having many-a free beer , we ... and they flip could you elaborate a bit more ? i don't know your circumstances , but you can always lean on your roommate and join a handful of clubs . in my first couple weeks of college , i threw my reserved self out the window . i would talk ... all i can think of is how many calories are in pop tarts . i remember in my freshman year i ate three boxes in one sitting . i've been visiting home for all of three days and i'm already getting ... difficult . all my guy friends have been in stable relationships all through college and even from high school . so i don't really have any bro's to be my wingman or go to girl friendly zones with ... sand colored cargo shorts and an obama t-shirt . no . calorie counting . calculate your bmi and eat 500 calories below it everyday . do cardio . “ a human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a ship , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take ... you should have died on your mothers face . ( please don't ban me ) i was a big bully in elementary school and used to fight a lot up until halfway through middle school before i turned it around . i don't think personality type really has anything to do with it . determination and genes ( in that order ) are the deciding factors . determination to make sure you get there , and genes for ... i saw that earlier today . that hits home a little . damn , i love brandon sanderson . i hope you've read the way of kings . i disagree . c + + is terrible and you should feel bad for suggesting it . its only saving grace is that its pretty good for games . 3/5 , good game that i've never played . only pot and salvia . i smoked several times and never got high . at the most , i've gotten really tired and fell asleep early , i never felt any different . but one time , i ate three pot cookies and ... besides all the menial jobs i had in hs and earlier in college , i'm a part time web developer at my uni . kind of a work initiative . it pays the bills . i'm going to school for computer science ... more like : you spend 5 minutes getting every item at the grocery store because you're trying to find the maximum cost : calorie ratio between two dozen competing brands . you have my loyalty , maine ... you forgot my favorite movie man ; _ ; don't worry ratatouille , i still love you . i've read a lot . perhaps too much . but my favorites are berserk , battle angel alita , gantz , and lucifer and the biscuit hammer . gantz has really gone downhill lately , and berserk and battle angel ... 6 ' 2 , 204 pounds , pretty low bmi . i lift , so i eat a lot of eggs , tuna , chicken breast , whey , etc . trying to gain weight at my height , metabolism , and activity level is hard work . the us is generally accepting of foreigners , so i don't think discrimination will be a problem . where are you moving too ? here's a good online resource : programming , motherfucker - do you speak it ? ( you'll have to google it because i can't link yet ) . python is a good place to start . learning the basics of an language ... i played for almost a year from right from launch day . main'd as zerg . it got too stressful . once you start getting high up in the leagues i kept getting worried that i would start losing and fall ... brown rice stir fry with chicken and veggies , soy sauce and peanut butter sauce , and a protein shake . '