' whatcha talkin bout willis ? intp's are probably one of the most romantic types if they are motivated / or like somebody enough . = game over nostradumbass gets surprisingly horny and smooth the more he drinks . 55 is definitely the sexiest 2 digit number ... followed by 34 . it's only a matter of time before torrents take over all forms of digital media . i can foresee one torrent site becoming the new facebook : free to use , but makes outrageous revenue from ... that's the thing though . some guys are manipulative and selfish assholes and girls are going to make mistakes . but most girls shut off the world when that happens ... they won't let any guy near them , ... i agree with the first poster . i tend to be a reflection to the person i'm talking to . very rarely am i motivated enough to get in my solitude character . that's why people seem to connect with me ... it's not so much the sex part , i just feel a little guilty after manipulating a woman for a night of my wants . approach a woman , show a little confidence , and it's almost inevitable they will cling ... ... my god ... i don't even remember : mellow : what a textbook pothead answer : tongue : i want to bring the issue of toilets back up . never take a poop after a shower . it is the most unproductive feeling in the world . truly intelligent people don't need science to tell them if they are smart or not . we sure got the short end of the stick on that one , eh ? dexter went to mainstream after it started showing on cbs , man . pffft plato has nothing on nostradumbass : tongue : instead of being cautious of everyone , you simply have to sympathize with everyone . realize that if they do make fun of you they are either joking and trying to desensitize the insecurity , or they ... my last facebook status was in dec ' 09 . now my wall is full of farmville requests and what the hell happened to you posts . give it time there , youngin : tongue : you aren't exactly knocking on the grave , are ya ? i think that's how women and men differ . as men grow older , they usually become more and more independent . but you will never find a little old lady at a loss for words . the titles silt ... the titles the first one asks what makes you not like someone the next thread answers the question , when people try to hard 18186 how convenient i used to love alkaline trio too ... then i saw them play live yikes . great choice of music though ( especially for a girl ) : tongue : you should probably define the term smoking .  ... even the best of us hit a crack pipe every now and then . i've never gotten why people feel so inclined to come out about their sexual orientation . people shouldn't feel guilty because one small part of their life isn't what others assume it to be . don't ... i'm pretty sure your heart would stop way before that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9FRSghXhDM we have very bad attention spans when it comes to conversations . or i do at least . everyone loves us cute , little intp's from a far . but don't get to close or ... crack ! we will rip out your spine . until right now . and not before or after . i think it's safe to say you've smoked a blunt or two in your day . : tongue : no judgment though , i respect all those names mentioned , especially wilson and mckenna . the act of raising a kid can be viewed as the most selfless act in the world , it can also be viewed as the most selfish . why would you degrade people for their views , isn't that what mlk preached ... i'm just here for the thanks . remember , you feel obliged :P it's easy bro , plain and simple . i'll be an extrovert if i have to ... but i see no point in constantly seeking out social interaction so my life has some kind of short-lived meaning . my first thought when i read the title : no and yours as well . aren't contradictions swell ? you'd have to be a genius to go through life without learning anything . blissfulness is power , man . that what i think is a lie is someone else's truth ; therefore everyone is stupid . you have to admit though , credentials are one of the biggest reasons for attending college . it's very possible nowadays , with the internet , to learn just about any subject thoroughly in a short ... intp's can't be bothered to revolve their lives around such increasingly worthless pieces of paper . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YOEO7jtIs4&feature=related lyrics are pretty self explanatory ... i'm not talking about realizations , thoughts , and sights that aren't detrimental . perhaps realizing all the money you've worked for your entire life is relatively meaningless , that the government is ... no matter what , a thousand good trips aren't worth one truly bad trip . people may frown at doing drugs because it's illegal , makes others lazy , and is addictive , etc ; but at the end of the day , all ... i think i heard that on a spongebob episode like 8 years ago :p roud : all of my subjective views are objective in my world , thank you very much . i don't know if i have the heart to bring a child in this convoluted world . girls like you username ; i've known a couple ... never say never . great sig quote btw . one night stands aren't really worth it for me . the nights are usually forgettable and it isn't worth the added risk of disease of some girl you don't know or pregnancy . am the only one that loves it ? sure it's organized ... but it's a sport , what do you expect ? it teaches self defense , but more importantly it teaches discipline . if you are calm with a 250lb ... bears sound great until you actually grow one . mine started when i was in 8th grade unfortunately and i've been shaving ever since . i love that people say they are too lazy to shave sometimes ... great point . we always need to gauge ourselves somewhere to make sure we aren't falling out of society . but it also begs the question ... how much happier could we be without the internet or television ? i don't really get lonely as much as i get anxious after i realize how long it's been since i saw a group of friends that i used to love . it's kind of sad when you realize how many people degrade ... governments & leaders kill their own people to gain resources and money all the time ; see : every war in the history of humanity . it isn't exactly a shocking revelation . would america take it as ... this whole thread is confusing . at first i thought it was a relationship thread about a intp who couldn't figure out a istp . then i read the first reply and was like ... dude , what is that guy ... '