' i write a lot of poetry . i am secretly very idealistic about romantic relationships . i am emotionally sensitive . i go out of my way quite a bit to be considerate of others ' feelings ( backfires ... i believe both my parents to be estp , so i understand the sentiment even though i disagree . you didn't mention the version of lucifer / satan you're referring to . would you mind elaborating on the ... are you suggesting that extp's are evil ? : shocked : age - 25-30 employment - employed , full time student , and random freelancer living situation - live with so country - us but i also lived in pr for a good portion of my childhood why are you ... i can't keep girls off of me : tongue : my boyfriend doesn't appreciates the attention i get . all types , obviously . also , none of them . how do others perceive you in a social setting ? they usually don't . you're asking who am i ? while searching for your personality type . your personality type is not who you are , it's just a small part of it . the best option is a potato . welcome n stuff . i'm an intj too . i am also human although i think i'd be much happier as a walrus or cactus . yup . the op sounds like something my own mother could say about me , including the part about getting her thrown into jail . i haven't spoken to the woman in about ten years because she has serious demons ... kind of a throwback but ... yeah . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuJE40OBt48 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRF1eCZ7m60 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTovY9AfinI you've never acted pretentiously ? you've never done something stupid ? you've never taken the easy way out ? i must be so privileged to be speaking to you : wink : . i don't hate , i integrate : tongue : . when you consider that most of what we perceive in others tends to be projected it doesn't make sense to hate . to hate another would really be to hate some part of ... fml . really ? are we really doing this ? : rolleyes : disdain pity you loathe yourself so as though you were the designer of your own soul foolish the audacity it takes to hate : blushed : thanks . glad someone appreciates it . i can relate . this happens within my relationship with my boyfriend ( esfp i believe ) . i've learned that it's essential to point out his strengths which frequently are my own shortcomings . i don't ... cyclically inclined is there a reason the sky reflects the sea so that i may breathe in the mysteries of the abyss which only exists completely in mist ? i exhale the phantom of ... are you kidding ? sensors have to put up with intuitive doms . nuff said . according to socionics i am intj or ili . this is also how many of my family and friends view me as well ( not necessarily how i view myself , i am very emotional ) . does this seem completely implausible ... first draft of a new poem which i didn't bother to revise or rethink : play the villain i loved feeling your heart stop i could see the veil lift from over your eyes injection of cold ... i have considered intj before . i have a gross lack of si , se , and fe according to my assessment scores and that seems to coincide with intj . i suppose that being a female intj , gender conditioning ... that was really sweet . not bad for your first imo . i have taken several tests including the one on perc , simillar minds , and keys 2 cognition cognitive function assessment . funny thing is that i've consistently tested as infj in the past year but ... i've actually fluctuated between infp / j because i actively try to access the shadows for balance . because of this , forming a solid , certain identification with either has been confusing for me . i ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? being a social chameleon becomes confusing after a while because i can easily lose myself in other people and in trying to meet ... riptide heart when the moon waxes i dream of the rising tide its earth-shattering thrashings cradling shards of me through the violent crashes i dream this dream to feel invincibility of ... how so ? if i can't attain a silent atmosphere i usually have the fan going for that light humming sound it makes , even in the dead of winter . something about the familiarity and constancy of the sound is ... i'm constantly in social chameleon mode when i am around others so my vibe really depends on what's going on . i tend to reflect other peoples ' personalities back at them as a means for adapting in ... quan what would life be without mistakes ? mistakes are our greatest opportunities for growth and learning even though we stigmatize them half to hell . i agree with you , quite a few infp's are ... shockingly , my boyfriend who is a cook says he has had cranberry orange cream pie ... so yeah i guess it kinda does exist . anyway , welcome to perc , i hope you enjoy your stay . mamab fellow infp here , welcome to the forums . i hope you enjoy your stay . welcome to the forums . hope you enjoy your stay . first off , i hope this is the correct forum in which to post a question of this kind . basically , i'm curious to see what the general consensus is on typing an individual based on their works of ... i definitely know how that goes . i spent two years trying to figure out what i wanted to study and still feel unsure sometimes . i figured it was better to be decided as opposed to wasting money on ... undefinable , creative , unstructured . accepting and helpful ( when people manage to get a hold of me ) and avoidant at most other times . i really enjoyed your poems . thinking about posting some of my own . are you studying literature ? welcome dear esxj coworker , you clearly have your share of troubles and i struggle to understand you and appreciate your strengths . that being said , i will never think of money before bed to motivate me ... this moment now when i realize the vastness of miraculous existence and still know that i don't even have the slightest clue . so the single most vital step on your journey toward enlightenment is this : learn to disidentify from your mind . every time you create a gap in the stream of mind , the light of your consciousness ... http://www.google.com/url?source=imglanding&ct=img&q=http://4loveofthetruth.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/mixed-flower-field.jpg&sa=X&ei=vVIuUMHJK-2byAGwuIGoDQ&ved=0CAkQ8wc4iwI&usg=AFQjCNEKTedxUzQk3ki5X ... best advice i can give is to keep an open mind but trust yourself above all else . you know yourself and you know what's best for you . the way you see others is a reflection of how you see yourself ... forgive me lord but sometimes i get tired of being a citizen . the city tires me , the offices , my family and the economy . forgive me lord , i am tired of this hell , this mediocre market where ... helping others is to help them realize they need to help themselves . lesson learned . personality isn't who you are . personality is a combination of coping and defense mechanisms . why define yourself that way ? i'm not the sum of my dysfunctions . '