' entp with add , but i definitely don't think personality types and add ( or any mental disorders ) are correlated . entp , and yes i believe in one god youngest of 6 , entp , 3w4 harassing people who make bad jokes this is literally the stupidest argument on here . literally . congratulations . razorsharp you said the rape joke is hilarious , i put it how it is , only now you're denying it . trolling ? telling people to stop saying rape jokes is trolling ? then what do you call someone who makes ... you just claimed a bunch of things about me while simultaneously accusing me of doing so ... then claiming again you don't know me but still persist of claiming that i'm those ... i used to think i was introverted oh , yeah . how to seduce someone ? rape them quite hilarious . you're comparing me telling people that rape jokes perpetuate rape culture to religion ? then you're trying to insinuate that rape is just an imperfect thing humans do , therefore forgivable and ... oh , i don't know you , but hell , you know me right ? little miss inexperienced . how could you even judge how you know more than i do ? are you just trying to boost your own harmed ego ? i mean go ahead ... thank you and exactly , though i don't quite agree on the other point , i still remain unapologetically persistent in declaring what i think is wrong or right . jamjoint haha thanks if you actually want to learn , i posted a few links about rape jokes and why they're not okay to make . other than that , you don't seem to be making any contributions even against my point ? ... kaboomz check this out , too , since you like long articles and all , https://nerhd.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/pers-soc-psychol-bull-1978-baron-77-80.pdf ... i got burned bc he mentioned he was raped ? and then made a rape joke about it ? uhm , you don't process things well , do you ? it comes with the add , that's why . while this article mentions sexual assault survivors saying rape jokes are okay , there are also many other sexual assault survivors who deem rape jokes ... seriously ? i'm sorry you went through these circumstances , you didn't have to make it clear to me or anyone , it is all within your rights and whatever you're comfortable with so i won't ask . however , i never ... i honestly only read the first line of this because ( i'm not being mean ) i can not be bothered to read all of this . however , from the first line , i'm pretty sure that someone else joking about a ... it doesn't bother me how insignificant i am to the world population , it used to bother me how insignificant we are to the universe . for now though , i decided to live life and focus on what's ... kaboomz so you're saying if someone wasn't raped , they shouldn't be offended by rape jokes ? you're right , that is a stupid question . what is acceptable humor is too much of a broad question , ... kaboomz what do you mean you had an autistic moment ? read this , kaboomz i didn't change my opinion , my opinion still remains . science is life and forever will be to me . science is life is an expression , just like your friend saying typology is life .  ... fueledbyevil sit down is an expression , would still like me to break it down for you ? in some cultures the male has the authority to , what we would call rape , their wives . i am not ... kaboomz science is the way to explain life , quantification of empirical data is an essential part of science and research . there really isn't much to argue about this , but i mean go ahead and ... insulting you with words ? let's say like .. uh ... idk ... a rape joke ? treating you like idiots ? i didn't , maybe you should process your insecurities using psychology instead of mbti , it might actually ... drunk parrot you know quite a bit about psychology but still wholeheartedly believe in mbti ? give me a break . a fool out of myself ? like the guy who went out of his way to defend an actual rape ... jamjoint oh , god , that little encounter you had is so me . people often expect me to stay in touch , while i'm just like eh , it was nice ... but bye . that quote by your father probably ... typology isn't life , science is life . feelings ? you mean an emotional reaction and processing to an event that every single human being has , and practically so have you by replying to me in this ... yeah , you're just the guys that laugh about rape , so innocent , so pure . unfortunately for you , this forum is for everyone , including people who are rationally not entertained by rape jokes . magicuser oh , my bad ! you're only laughing at the action of using drugs to knock someone out ... and then rape them ... and then mention how this is funny in a post about seduction ... you're ... magicuser oh , my bad ! you're only laughing at the action of using drugs to knock someone out ... and then rape them ... and then mention how this is funny in a post about seduction ... you're ... lol this is hilarious . if you think about it , everything humans do is subjective . that's not the point though , the point is you made a choice here , and your choice is that making fun of people's ... they're only subjective to other sick people who think rape jokes are funny , who think an event of a violation of someone's body , a friggin crime is something to joke about it . maybe if you think ... uh , idk , i don't find infjs threatening enough . i will say though , infjs and entps on a long term wouldn't get along , for me i keep walking on egg shells for infj while they keep thinking i'm going ... are you sure you're an intj , yourself ? not being rude , but the way this was written is a bit different entp - 45 i didn't quite analyze how i attract people till now i guess , but one of the ways is that i find out what they're interested in and then pretend to be interested in that until maybe i get what i want . i hope you all realize rape jokes are not remotely funny and are simply disgusting . why do expect loyalty from me yet offer no such thing in return ? :/ i'm super late to this post , but in case anyone is reading i'm an entp that has never been good in math . i excel in other things that require rational thinking , and step by step break down , i'm quick ... i think you're speaking rather generally and not really concerning mbti ? i have found a group of friends , but i'm talking about outside that circle , i mean my group of friends are so great but ... wow , i actually do too . it's not that extroverts don't like me , they do but i definitely need to stay away from them lol . this is exactly me . like , i'm actually more intrigued now . i don't consider people boring , i just am impatient with a lot of people these days , pretty much everything you described except boring ... hmm while entps do like remaining child like but we also do some growing up and it mainly is just the exterior of us acting like kids anyway my point is completely different and was more about ... who never grows up ? entp - seeing as i'm 23 years old and in grad school , definitely no . have any of you noticed detachment from people ? lack of desire to connect to people and stay in touch ? despite the persistent urge to actually be around people , but not actually connect to them , and ... in all honesty , i think entj is the best type . i meant i like enfps * too , lol oops . '