' i like sandbox games . stardew valley don't starve and don't starve together terraria there are the only 3 i play these days . i eat leftover dinner for breakfast i eat cheetos with chopsticks ( no messy fingers ! ) i cut up old clothes to wipe tables / floors ( probably an asian thing to do ... ) i walk around my room in ... 533034 pokemon . pizza or chinese food ? pippylongstocking constant arguments are certainly a turnoff for any isfp . it seems that he wanted some time away from you , but you still went to see him outside of work anyways . that might seem ... i like you too : wink : that old thread ( nice necro ) ! i feel stupid for rereading my own post . wow . okay , i was stupid 5 years ago . isfp in socionics is actually isfj , just fyi . i'm surprised i was even mentioned . i was inactive for quite sometime now haha . how are you doing in other courses ? which business major are you most interested in ? actuary science is probably the hardest one ( very math heavy ) . marketing requires very little math . just ... you have cats ? but you're chinese ! are you going to eat them later ? :d ry : not a cheme . i'm just a chem major . however , a whole bunch of my classmates are cheme majors due to overlapping technical electives . for my school , cheme only has to take physics 1 and 2 ( calc ... well ... vice versa . i cannot stand my enfj mother or my enfj friends ( 6 of them ) . they are mostly clean freaks , and they guilt trip me like no tomorrow . my mother is the arrogant type like you ... i definitely need more sleep than my average friends . i get home really late from school ( around 10 pm ) , and i have to wake up at 5:30 the next morning since i have early morning classes everyday . i ... bob http://i50.tinypic.com/jfeouv.jpg http://i49.tinypic.com/2cps0ar.jpg gary http://i50.tinypic.com/2s9zlsk.jpg mimi http://i48.tinypic.com/2igf2tg.jpg http://i45.tinypic.com/15yfdco.jpg i guess i'm not an isfp . i'm not skinny . lol water for elephants - sara gruen hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet - jamie ford lamborghini aventador lp 700x964 ferrari 599 gto wow , some people actually told her to kill herself ? that kind of people make me sick . bravos to lizzie ! i love pewdie lol it's an evil cat , and it's smiling . oh i love that . not sure if this is over or under priced . agnostic , liberal . i avoid saying any type of insult , even if i am insulted . call that stupid all you want . i will always try to be polite . i'm 6w5 . you know what , this thread actually made my day . the amount of hate i have seen from the nt side has made me sad . thank you ! thank you ! ! i do not practice any religion . eh , my dad is kind of an oddball in this . he didn't want me because my grandma hated girls , yet he didn't want to abandon me . he would goof around with me occasionally , but he would turn into a ... i'm picky one this . i do not like isolated or crowded environment . like you mentioned , i prefer working with people i see on a regular basis , so i loved being a peer tutor . besides , if i see these ... the only way i can learn is if i practice as many problems as possible . that's the main reason why i hate biology . oh look i have an awesome memory , so i get a's ! i prefer chem , physics , and math ... let's just say i love math . i also enjoy being a math tutor . inb 4 any chinese stereotypes ... nope ... the explanation part really annoys me . the fe-doms i've met were rather forgetful ... i set boundaries around any social events . if it has more than 3 people , then i'm not going . arguing with my fe-dom mom is also very draining . i walk away after a certain point . # 2 is quite unusual . can you describe the communicator part ? hmm , i should've explained why i get angry . i got angry because of how they reacted when i tell them stuff they do not remember . some responses were rude . not to mentioned i kept on explaining ... i really dislike praises ... maybe because i was taught to dislike them . tiger moms have a tendency to put their children down to motivate them . yike , that does the opposite for me . my dad , on the ... the butterflies kind of suck in a way , especially when the other side isn't feeling the same way as you . it always ends sadly for me . a broken heart does not feel nice . it really makes me want to ... i have good a recalling skill on events that have happened in the past . let's say someone who was at that even with you do not remember anything , and saying you suck for telling him / her stuff he / she ... i am studying pharmacy and tutoring people in math ( up to calculus ii ) at my school . i listen to all genres . i just put them on shuffle and listen to them as background music . language evolves quite fast . facebook used to be a noun , and now people use it as a verb . hey , facebook me tonight . hey , inbox me on facebook please . email is also a noun , now people say ... i can relate to everything you've typed in the first post . welcome to the forum :) http://www.neatorama.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/catdonuts-500x375.jpg http://i47.tinypic.com/24g0k1k.jpg http://i46.tinypic.com/dbhy7d.jpg i'm really cool with my intp friend . he's dating an isfp lol , so he asks me questions sometimes . i had no problems talking to him since he's chill . kerokai i'm not going to make a giant quote . i always take some time away from the computer without telling him . i take my time for granted . besides , it's not that hard to tell if i'm there or ... skype call or just type-and-chat ? my ex gets irked if i become silent or engaged in doing something . wendy , you are so hard to talk to . ironically , he does the same thing when he's engaged in an ... i usually cry it out , alone . after a short nap , i'm fine again lol . also , talking to friends really help me a lot . messing and laughing with them reduce my stress level as well . i'm usually ... i'm fine with phone conversations as long as they are light-hearted . however , she's taking a break from you ( did i remember this right ? ) , so she probably does not like picking it up as much . this ... well , the first person i text'd always replied fast , and if i didn't reply , he would keep on spamming for days . i guess that's when i started thinking slow replies tick people off . besides , most of ... maybe this is just me then ... if i don't reply asap , then i think i'm being rude . lol '