so who is the rush limbaugh of the intuitives and the uncle ruckus of the sensors ? a few weeks and some months not fafe to face social interaction . introverted thinking and extroverted intuition give the ability to pattern seek and logically find a way and correlate information and throw away old information . in reality just make us great at ... intps are the smartest and nowhere getting around it . we suck at social levels until we get older and than we can control the social setting with ease , we are masters of everything and all void . the ... jung better throw those garbage drugs he is using . intp's will thrive in a anarchist society but other types will go nuts and insane without law and order . sj's will go nuts and find a reason to make us have rules and regulations and than enforce it ... only when we can have great discussion about ideas , thoughts , experiences , etc . not about me me me me or this person , i like the color on my phone because it is matching with my clothes , etc . we do ... now you having me rethink my opinion on dating another intp lol , but i need an n . i been with enough sensors i do not get what i truly want out the relationship as far as communication and relating ... i need to understand the computations the math portion to fully undertand physics and how scientists calculate their information , but i love to play with the theories . pretty much intuitives want to play around with their ideas and not have much small talk , but talk about big ideas , etc . not too big talking about how pretty this color is or that or this . i pursue knowledge but desire power to dominate cause i love everyone , but they need the structure i can create that will enrich their poor pathetic lives . love don't pay no bills . lol , i understand what you mean by hypothetically , but depends on the person , one intp you may hate , but another you may love . depends on what you prefer . i dealt with a lot of s's and found some ... the test was completely right about me being an intp and yet i went through a time where i was really thinking i wasn't one , but i had to sit and study the actual types like they are suppose to be ... what is your type and what are your political views ? do your dominant functions ( or being an extrovert / introvert ) play a role in why you believe what you do ? i've read that introversion , intuition , ... i never dated another type , but it's something i would go for . i would say i can become a responsible intp and i will clean up , i just procrasinate , but if i'm in the mood everything will be spotless ... never been in that situation , but back in the day it would make me pessimistic , but now my ego gotten too large , but nonetheless i don't talk about it except forums , so i would most likely sold it if ... to debate without getting personal . intp women where are they at in columbus , ohio . all of the above honest people , people who see the bigger picture , independent people , people who are intellectuals not just people say that , logical people . i find people demanding respect besides simple ... dark humor , what people would find offensive i would find it funny , i like anime , things with novelty , books about sci fi , fantasy , science , philosphy , geeky stuff , i like quirky love stories that ... so when does it end , what's the final purpose ? if you are immortal jamesdowns than you have nothing to worry about it and not propagate . fool manipulate the esfp , gain a foothold of your fi and fe and it will be all too easy . don't have kids they are a pain the in the neck and i can't wait till they are gone , so i can have my money back when i'm done paying child support , so i can focus back on building some computers . intp's show their face in comics as well and science fiction as well . we are better when it comes to science and fantasy . we make grand wizards or scientific geniuses . my professor was is like albus dumbledore too and one of my closest and longest friend . i typed intj like 7 years ago and now intp and intp today and i was probably an intp than but didn't type well , but more often than not i have always been an intp , i always was a thinker i was never ... didn't read all of it , but it just says you have worked on some of your other functions which is pratically normal for any type but more normal for an intp since we are always trying to self improve ... : kitteh : he sounds like he isn't even rounded at all let well rounded as you described yourself as . intp and from my experience of myself for these past 28 years have shown me that we are the slowest ... code geass and death note made me realize what not to do and to correct my path before i fall like they have if i ever received power like that . me and my friend talk like this all the time , but my best friend fails all the time . my mother she got typed as an isfj - she is kind hearted and would defend her children and go back to her room or cave lol , i remember she was very shy when i was a child and would only talk to a few ... knowledge , creativity , imagination , be interesting . that includes philosphy , science , math , technology , culture , etc . if you can do that than you have our attention . gothic rock , bands like lacuna coil , female leads in metal bands , kamelot , lupe fiasco , nas , any music that has a lot of instrisic value and depending on my mood i like my music hard or soft and i ... intp's don't cry , so we are the toughest minded people out there . never shed one single tear for sadness . : angry : bruce banner definitely an intp i want to be an esfj or estj so i can be more like everyone else and love authority and become it and dictate people in their lives instead of being a lonely intp with just deep thoughts and ... you have adhd , we all do because no one should be thinking deeply inside their minds and should be hooked on to the mundane details . rofl ^ ^ ^ 1 . goku 2 . naruto 3 . luffy 4 . yusuke 5 . kenshiro from fist of the north star . in the hood online where no one sees us or dares to find us . i meant to put not or even if they are they do not find them pleasing . most men want a woman who is the description of a 1950 ' s woman , but the intp woman is the total opposite of one , so they see her as desirable or even if she is pretty . what i learned do what you want and do how you want it no matter , so do what you gotta do and do it like you wanna do it and how you do it is up to you if you think about how to do it is the best ... you sound like an egotistical madman who needs to calm down and just do a one on one with the professor . people who have taste the sweet flavor of authority do not like to relinquish it so easily ... my best friend is estj and that is becoming harder and harder as time flies by . he really is taking off as an estj and i am as an intp growing in different directions and desires .