' i think it depends , introverted j types definitely prefer to think before acting ( cautious ) but introverted p types are often a mix of quiet reflection and spontaneous action . as a intp i take action ... just skipped to the end of the thread and i was pretty much in the ball park . :p roud : when answered your first post i did not look at any of the other guesses . i'm going to say xnfp pointing more enfp . ( yeah the buddha is heavily ti and ni , and i see se much more than fe . it sounds like he was a hedonistic sp when younger then began developing a deep ni perspective after his after a stretch of ... tony stark is such a clear entp , he's not ne just because he is humorous and smart , he's ne because that is his dominant approach to life ( in the films ) . he is completely off the cuff and ... open-mindedness high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex ; low scorers tend to be conventional , down to earth , narrow interests , uncreative .   ... i am pretty open to doing all kinds of stuff , if i hit the lottery for a million tomorrow i would by me a rv and travel somewhere wherever , living like a nomad . i have already done all kinds of ... mcclane was more smartass , back talking in the first 2 die hard films , it's with the third film he becomes more aloof and self contained . he stays that way for the rest of the franchise , bruce ... i think john mcclane is definitely istp . also freddie is one of the most hilariously stereotypical depictions of intps i've seen now that i think about it . : blushed : the main antagonist ( yuri ... suprised no one has typed these characters yet madison clark - enfj travis manawa - infj nick clark - isfp alicia clark - istj chris manawa - intp victor strand - entp liza ortiz - isfj ... i don't agree with this ( it sounds like it came from that personality junkie guy ) , both ixxp and ixxj types can have a hard time initiating , that's more to do with i vs e rather than p vs j . in fact ... there's a difference between ne and se perceivers , xnxps are more prone to being distracted off the task at hand while xsxps are more impulsive in that they will just do something , just for concrete ... yeah chuck is totally intj , he's like the stereotypical nifi tinfoil hat , and people should have seen entp for saul from watching breaking bad , it shows the extent to which people continue to ... this is one of those questions that has little to do with typology / mbti . i would say entp being less pc , they usually use fe skills for tactical gain but they don't seem to care much about violating collective norms for shits and giggles . enfps with their fi are more ... i'm intp , in my teenage years i played all kinds of sports like basketball , football , dogdeball ( my favorite ) , ect . but it was informal , with kids around my neighborhood instead of school sports . ... i'd imagine enfjs with strong se can have problems focusing and wrecking havoc with their fe approach to relationships ( impulsiveness , undependable , ect , ) . do you think you have stronger tert se ... what were you in high school ? slacker , loner , class clown , artist did you go to a lot of social events ? yes , hanging out at the mall , going to football games with friends , ect how were ... yeah that sounds about right , when enfps are pushing boundaries they are doing it for different reasons compared to xntps , for them there is usually some idealistic intent , for entp it is more ... very entp , many get their rocks off trying to aggressively push people out their comfort zones / pushing the edge of what's acceptable . i guest with the pedo thing he went too far . : laughing : infps are like the nicest people i've ever seen , they're super aware of others emotional state , super empathetic , infps please do not underestimate this skill . from what i've seen they tend to be ... i think entps can be a more alternative / boho kind of cool but again the inxps can pull that off better because they are more nonchalant about it . kurt cobain ( infp ) comes to my mind when i think of ... definitely se dominants , lol . but between estp and esfp it's hard to pick . the strange thing is when i think of a very cool person isxps come to mind first , they pull it off better than their ... i think this is mostly right but i think glenn is intp , hershel isfj , carl istp , lori xsfp , and andrea enfj . carol seemed isfj at first but the more the series develops her it's clear she's infj ... entps as a whole do seem very worry free , that is ne being biased towards seeing positive potential in situations . like in the matrix when morpheus asks neo ( intp ) to take the red pill or the blue ... such an intp answer : kitteh : , so here's two definitions : uptight - 1 . rigidly conventional , as in manners , opinions , and tastes . 2 tense , nervous the first definition seems to point towards a ... those exfps are unpredictable though ( i know that's a sarcastic statement : wink :) , esfps and enfps do have the stereotype of being among the most carefree / light-hearted but they can be very emotionally ... well you're a istp of course you're going to pay attention to the present moment more , but ne is a treat for intps . ne is not quite in the moment like se is but it still response-ready , it fills ... i think trent is intj , the downward spiral in particular seems imo like an window into ni style nihilism / meaninglessness . i think many injs struggle with this kind of thing when they go too far ... i like listening to ethereal wave , mbaqanga ( south african dance ) , jit jive ( zimbabwe guitar pop ) , old school dub , bulgarian folk , ' 20s gospel blues , ect , just some of the genres i like . ethereal ... by far the p vs j divide , it cuts across so many different areas . he strikes me as very infj . trump is a classic narcissist and works wonders of appealing to fears / anxieties of his audience . he's doesn't seem book smart in the least but the man is a estp persuader . he will throw darts ... i relate to entp and istp the most . with the stps it's like they sense that i engage with extroverted perception but it is a little off . intps and entps can be very close , entps can have their ... he strikes me as entj , with entps it is harder to tell where they stand or what their true motivations are . with cruz , it seems he is very steadfast and is known for his rigidity . in one of his ... almost definitely enfp , don't know where people are getting fe dominant from ? i like both , but i probably listen to songs more often . i am very interested in the instrumental structure and texture of songs though , i really like the wall of sound approach where all the ... yeah it's inferior extroverted thinking that lead to the ricktatorship , he's clearly not comfortable in that mode and usually reverts back to fise ( planting gardens at the prison ) . there's also a ... damn , you beat me to it , i was thinking se dominant in the grip of inferior ni , like glenn beck who i suspect is esfp . the same thing sort of happens with si dominant experiencing inferior ne , ... i don't get it , honestly , like infps ( fi dominants ) are the nicest people i've ever seen , i mean fi dominants seem so passive and quietly compassionate . i mean i could see some fi dominants as maybe ... entps , you can become more sfj by developing fe and si , that's what typology is primarily about anyways . music with a particular bittersweet aesthetic touches me deeply . : crying : the donald is imo pretty clear estp , he says whatever makes the most striking immediate impact without thinking too much about long term applicability ( like his ban on muslims entering the us ) . ... you're probably on the more aggressive end of intp , have you looked into the possibility of being a type 8 ? no , melancholic and phlegmatic are the introverts , melancholic traits map most ... it is very strange for an intp to identify with choleric traits , it would fit much better with extjs and maybe estps . intp fits the phlegmatic temperament the most ( low-key , unemotional , and ... i don't sit around and think all day i am very physically active i'm studying culinary arts , something that is associated more with sfs than nts i'm very artistic , in fact it was the main thing ... can i ask you , since you mentioned richard lynn , how do you think race / ethnicity factors into this , i've heard countless arguments about how jews / asians / european whites are more intelligent with ... i don't care about richard lynn , i'm talking about the big five conscientiousness scale , women generally have higher agreeableness , neuroticism , and conscientiousness scores compared to men . all this is really telling me is that women are more conscientious , that's more to do with personality than intelligence . depends on if you mean npd ( narcissistic personality disorder ) , one of the key features of ndp is a excessive need of external admiration and intj is probably the type least likely to value external ... '