hi guys ! i'm not sure if i could share this here , but it is a social forum site . 17 hours left for the funding of a short dark fantasy / indie film called ' rodentia ' . it is currently 73 % ... here are some pictures from a recent photoshoot i did : http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2856/13311906764_6dc7073996_c.jpg http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2864/13311908644_2e88b63cea_c.jpg ... hey . (: thanks ! i used a canon xf100 to film this and most of the shots are unedited . i wished i edited the colour of the film though , most of the shots were kept raw ... need to play with davinci ... i think i meant a ' platonic crush ' on a male ... it just means i fell in love with his looks , but not his dick . plus , a man crush for me would mean the way it is , implying that i may be a male ... i don't think i'm leading him on ... we've got a lot to do for university and he's texted me to meet twice in the space of one week , and i invited him for a friend's birthday this saturday , he's ... that's what i initially thought as well . but i do wonder what is going inside this guy's head , he's not made a move on me and he's been really nice to my boyfriend . yet , he's always trying to meet me ... i think i have a man-crush on an intj at the moment . but , would an intj pursue a girl if she had a boyfriend ? what are your dating tactics ? yes , i understand that he lacks clarity in his accent ... he's from sheffield , a small town up north in england . i couldn't afford a voice actor with an rp english accent . i would have done it ... yeah , his accent is yorkshire english , so it is a bit difficult to understand in an international sense ... if there is misogyny , there will be misandry . i didn't write that part , an infp male did , so ... thanks ! (: you can see more on my vimeo page : https://vimeo.com/phoebejaspe although , chasing space is my best work so far ... i am hoping to develop my work into something more and ' profound ' . ... aha , my ex was infp and he trashed his room because i was talking to his work colleagues , and he left back home drunk and left me in a club / bar with a bunch of guys ... wtf ? my reaction would be : ... the ' truth ' can also imprison and condition people . and yes , that article is true . ' i'm a nice guy / girl ' is not enough . i've been having a cold and have been coughing up green goo for the past week . last night , my entp said my nose looks like it's been scrubbed with sand paper . my nose was shedding skin , i overly used ... my current hobbies : photography , art , painting , making films , traveling , writing stories and film scripts , graphic design for my clothing , film experiments , photoshop experiments , camping and taking ... lorenzo is estp . caspar hi all , here is my new experimental short film : https://vimeo.com/83557705 please let me know what you think , all criticism are welcome . and if you guys have your own films , post away ... i think esfj too . an under developed exfp ? isfp ? istj ? an isfj ? i can't tell , you seem a bit all over the place . a bit random , like when i was younger . ( i'm an enfp . ) i think i suffer from a sort of anxiety disorder due to how boring people are around me , maybe i'm turning into an infp ? D: oh no ! haha . anyways , i think my entp is driving me insane . need to get ... i'm jealous . i want an intp best friend again ... ): no , i'm definitely not fat but i know an entp that always went for fat chicks , was wondering if it was an entp thing , guess not . i'm scorpio in sun & moon . ( highly developed fi ) capricorn rising . ( explains my enneagram to be 3w4 ) pretty much describes the ' dark nature ' of me , at the same time , i'm harmless . : 3 yeah , i agree that morbid / dark things could lead you to unwanted realms within the consciousness , sometimes i wonder how far i could go but i don't want to end up like an intp , ti is a scary ... not sure who chris evans is but no , he's a volunteer actor . lol . thanks . vendetta well , mbti says infj and entp are good pairs . socionic's description of duality pairs is that entp opposite is isfp ... and enfp's duality pair is istp instead of intjs . it is these ideas ... do you guys always go for fat chicks ? is it because you're desperate or the fact that you like fat chicks ? ( or you guys can't tell they're fat ) explain . davidjmemmett here's your link , david is an entp , 5w6 analysing the ' confusing ' monologue in iguana ( 2013 ): the rantings of an entp : iguana monologue analysis ( part 1 ) p . s : not sure why he ... yes ! it is a remake of iguana ( 2012 ) with monologue , and it has new sound design / score along with extra editing . (: also , i did get the feedback i wanted , it is just this time , i'm going to enter it ... haha , interesting answer ! wow , i'm really pleased that it had that much effect on you . :P the message is simply ' a surreal outlook ' on life . the message lies in the way you interpret it as an ... davidjmemmett hello . (: yayy . my boyfriend is entp . i love the fact that you guys don't get easily offended when i have my emotional outbursts , it shows strong character and the ti definitely lures me in . also , kinda liking ... http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/488379_10152704299330215_15445888_n.jpg enfp & entp :D https://vimeo.com/63042615 a trippy surreal film i made , kubrickian style and intp monologue . it's pretty trippy if you wanna check it out . :D https://vimeo.com/63042615 hey perc members , i'd like to share a surreal film with you that i made , can you please give me some feedback ? (: ps : it's a bit pretentious , but i just wrote the ... are there ? because i'd like to talk about mbti / socionics with people who are interested . in turn , it would possibly be easier to do castings / crew selections for my new film . my first scholarship , i was forced to smile , blaah : http://25.media.tumblr.com/2689ee43101416a1e90f75bdf3f40fc0/tumblr_mhr4gzrug81qdhug0o1_1280.jpg apparently , i heard that it is a very self-destructive and suicidal type ... not really an opera singing video but found this randomly on david's ( entp ) phone , i think i was a bit unaware that david was videoing for 10 seconds in the video : ... the common man is already doomed from the start because he chose to be ' common ' . it is these years that people repress their inner desires that they suffer the ' common man ' syndrome in which there is ... i think giving the message starts the viewer off with a doorway to what i am trying to convey , ideas are endless existing in its void , what matters is if you decide to pick it up and externalise it ... oh , i have a recurring idea that must be filmed in the future and i'll contribute in it . the cast of the film will be to gather a group of people that have loads of tattoos on their bodies , together , ... orgy porgie as aldous huxley says it . huxley is the ultimate enfp . <3 <3 <3 i guess the flash mobsters would be intjs in this society , enfps trying to be more different . flash mobsters are the most annoying thing anyone could do . seriously . over time , the breed of enfps will ... i'm guessing you're into monogamy ? well , i actually believe that ' marriage ' is not a really human thing , people aren't meant to be tied to one person for the whole of their lives . it's a social ... for now , i'm thinking of filming males acting strange like two guys at a park having a conversation . the conversation will be mundane but it has a black comedy twist . and this guy ends up throwing a ... that's so true . like iguana , i found a potential actor that was more suitable for the role than me . it was easier to control things having an actor , it was definitely creepy when i saw my ideas ... most likely a director and putting myself in one of my films would be the most perfect dream . i think i have that self-aggrandizing ego of an entp ... i can make decisions in a film setting but not ... thanks so much ! :D and yeah , i've got 5 designs done and it's definitely going to be printed ... of course the shirts are high quality gildan unisex shirts . final designs chosen : ... $ 800,000 ? you must be kidding right ? lol . my experimental film cost under $ 20 with the props and $ 0 to shoot it because we get to hire out free equipment during my university course . which part do you not get ? i like the ideas in pulp (: could do with aesthetic enhancements ! :D films need the full package , you'll break that plastic bag with too much content , the plastic bag must ... http://vimeo.com/55627016 most recent one i did , what do you think ? it was an experimental university film project .