' yes . you will eventually make friends so long as you leave your apartment and associate with people . generally , adults make friends with people they work with , so that's a good place to start . ... if you don't know what to do , the best thing to do is to ask what can i do for you ? or how can i help ? this indicates that : 1 . you're willing to help ( support ) . 2 . you're allowing her to ... personally ... immediate exposure to a damaging event ( like an argument or insult ) results in be being withdrawn , distant , uncommunicative , and prone to making irrational conclusions . prolonged ... i get tired and cranky . in large crowds of people or very crowded areas where i'm trying to go somewhere or do something ( like get groceries or get to a door ) , i experience a kind of claustrophobia ... 1 . i don't . if you mean , do i feel as if i have various complementary aspects / dualities , then yes . but then , everyone has those . but duality doesn't mean one is exclusive of the other . it just ... i work as a graphic designer / communications specialist for local government . it's close enough to my chosen calling that i'm kept generally satisfied creatively , i also get to entertain my desire to ... i went through a similar experience with my parents when i told them i was dead set on becoming an illustrator and going to an art college . they were concerned i wouldn't make enough money , that i'd ... that's probably because he didn't want solutions . he most likely just wanted a shoulder and an ear . helping doesn't always mean solving the problem ; sometimes helping just means listening and ... for me , there isn't a utopia , and if there was , i wouldn't want it . being in a place that is perfect is boring . life becomes static . instead of trying to make something that doesn't exist , perhaps ... i like bitter-sweet endings . these are endings where there is closure and some happiness that came at a great cost to the characters . so , throughout the journey , there are tragic moments and happy ... refusal to give up on each other . everything else tends to fall into place . existence is inherently meaningless and valueless because the ideas of meaning and value are subjective and are applied by an individual . no one can make your , or any , existence meaningful other ... pearslug i'm fairly certain that no one here is truly offended . they're just being direct . :) yes . instead of trying to solve world hunger or encourage world peace , i just want common sense to be a thing . i want people to go back to understanding natural human behavior . i want others to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFJ0CR9yQW8&index=2&list=PLcHOKlfZ6enPoHOd 9dp7y4ygalccrzlli that lonely sound at the beginning . just two notes going back and forth like a lonely little light ... military cut jackets . and a brown wool scarf . i watch plenty of american football , though i don't have any die hard loyalties to any team . i tend to support the teams supported by my family and friends . that said , i couldn't possibly tell you ... you should go see a therapist . bpd or not , i'm sure going will help you better monitor and improve your coping mechanisms ( which sound like they might be poorly functioning if you're having panic ... things go south for me very fast when i've been chronically sleeping poorly . this is in part because i'm bipolar , and any upset in sleep tends to bring about a nasty shift in mood ( usually down ) . ... i've decided not to have children . do you feel having or not having them has made your life feel more or less fulfilled ? not really . i am just very realistic with my desires in life , and i ... i will call people what they look like to me until notified otherwise . if you want to be called something else or if i get it wrong , don't get butthurt about it . just correct me and be done with ... [ / font ] [ / color ] yes . one of the things that upsets me most is to have my opinions disregarded , dismissed , or invalidated . it either : 1 ) crushes me emotionally and i feel hurt ; or 2 ) puts me on the ... i suppose it's because most of my big , interesting thoughts are very nebulous . trying to phrase such thoughts , many of which are non-verbal ( images , sounds , or textures ) is difficult . there's a ... i handle criticism badly . i handle critique very well . criticism is telling me something sucks without telling me why it sucks . critique is telling me something sucks and telling me why it ... because in many cases , it's the only way i can tell people about the things i think and envision . it's the only way i can effectively communicate an internal perspective . since telepathy is a ... 1 . for me it's like becoming obsessed with a new topic or fascinating idea ... x10 ^ 23 . i can be incredibly intense ( physically and emotionally ) , and to have that reciprocated is more than i could ever ... funny ... i tend to be slow when getting to know someone as friends . that said , when i realize something about someone is just right and they think in some fundamental capacity like me , i move ... i devour . unless i don't much like the food . in fact , the slower i eat , the less i'm enjoying my food . the faster i eat , the more delicious i think it is . regrettably , i've tried to put a brake ... places i enjoyed and visited in colorado : garden of the gods manitou springs ( go to marilyn's pizza , the giant dumbledore painting , and the actual arcade :D ) pike's peak ( just outside of ... all right , i'll play along ... how co-workers see me : http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/163000/Sheldon-Cooper-sheldon-cooper-16368554-474-317.jpg how family sees me : ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu-xFvLaE68 yeah , guess who's watching defiance ... something along the lines of general confusion and dismay . then , later : a kind of low-grade indignant outrage on behalf of those injured . how dare someone just attack without provocation . i ... sometimes i get like this . i'm certainly not one to grind something out every day just because i've tried to make it a habit to do so . throughout all my time in college , i was told that i should ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI all right , after searching through the songs i know , this would be my theme : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDkKyBU7GCs beginning at the line : she is like a cat in the dark , and then , she ... i guess i'll have to break it down to how i find music , and then why certain music sticks . how i find music : i can't say i have any particular routine . a lot of new music seems to come in a ... no , i'm like that too . one night , i spent no less than thirty minutes trying to say goodbye to my mother . she just kept ... coming up with things to keep talking about ! and at every topic , i'd try ... mixed-handed . where is that option ? D: i actually use the left and right side of my body relatively equally , though different sides are often required for different tasks . left : - write ... the gifts are irrelevant . ( so shes not bored out of her mind surrounded by kids ) i think you have it pegged right there . she hasn't seen you in a while , and kids ' parties have got to be ... 57450 rising and falling 57452 yggdrasil http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJFl_48EGCg as i learn to juggle ... because i can . though now i'm tired , so i've stopped for the moment . it's surprisingly easier when listening to music . i will ... this is likely the case . god is a metaphor for that which is inconceivable--the mystery of life and why it is here . that's the real metaphysical kicker for anyone ... okay , i know how i got here , ... no , i did not make my avatar . it's a cropped down illustration of darrell anderson's depicting a taheen from stephen king's the dark tower . i've used it for quite some time as i find his visual ... when phrased poorly ( from someone i don't know at all ) , like i want to slap them and childishly go , don't tell me what to do ! when phrased well , like i want to beat myself up and then give great ... personal spirituality for me is more or less the same as finding one's personal mythology . finding the story of my life's journey and how my being relates to the rest of the universe . there is no ... 1 . no . 2 . plausible . i'm inclined to say , yes , but only tentatively . i find myself wanting clear evidence to support my claims , but in finding none , i can't quite dispel the notion that there is ... that you are human and experience human emotions . which is why i've never agreed with the jedi ( or booker t evidently ) . hate isn't inherently wrong or degrading . it just is . it's what you do in ... 55386 from man comes the story of man yes , circles ( wheels ) , spheres , spirals , and fractals all factor into my grand understanding of life , the universe , everything . those are generally the shapes i think in when i'm thinking of ... i think that happens to a lot of ( read : all ) artists , actually . as a child , they draw for the pure enjoyment of it , but as they get older and become more aware of the world around them , for some ... '