' i drooled in it accidentally and didnt say anything . [ / quote ] good thing i didn't have any ! i came for the chocolate fountain . dang , did i walk through the wrong door again ? * pretends to get important text , shuffles off to side * my dear sir , negging ? i shall take my eyes and toss them down another thread . * averts eyes * * snicker * reporting for duty . i figured this thread might need a bouncer . someone has to protect you entps from the rowdy hordes of infjs . [ / quote ] pffft ... we ain't skurrrd . clarice / voldemort i'm not good with the joining game thingie . anyhow , now that i'm here , let's look deep into your psyche . : laughing : ? : grin :: stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye : i was directed here by an infp . what the sassy hell is going on here ? : see_no_evil :: hear_no_evil :: speak_no_evil : i meant to make some profound and uplifting statement on this thread but i can't stop staring at the rotating cat . ^ a thousand pardons . hello ! ! :) all hail the dok ! i guess it depends on what you're wearing and what i'm wearing . if you're wearing yellow , it does clash with what i'm currently wearing , therefore you would be correct . otherwise i think if we were ... yes - i function better when my surroundings are harmonious and uncluttered . i also like art noveau a lot - because a lot of the pieces are form = function . and shoulder pads are the devil . maybe be ... monkeys ? * pets the entp softly * there there , what a sweetie you are ! ! ! infj a bad neighborhood you don't stroll through slowly . just kidding . a rolodex with attached images . amorphous stuff , and weird alarm clock reminders that run in the background . the rest is top ... come chat in real time ! or if you don't like the chat room , why not ? if you want to chat , click the chatbox link at the top of the page . i have cookies . oh cute ! ! ! well i'd better get ready . it takes me a long time to get my eyeliner even . ;) . p . s . i think infps are nice . and don't be so hard on yourself , k ? stuff happens . good ! i'm going to see tears for fears in an hour . what about you ? is that you in your avatar ? that's a nice photo - you don't suck . you were upset . when i was younger i swore there was a book everyone got on how to get along with people except my copy got lost in the mail . we're all just kinda wandering around ... interesting thread . malibucathedral i'm sorry you've had issues with some infjs . i'm new to mbti typing and the forums but your thread is not the first i've seen in this vein for other types as well ... chocolate or fruit candy ? what exactly did they smell like ? the gory stuff gives me the chills . i've always wanted to see the northern lights ! whoa ! did you use a polarizing lens to get the cool water effect ? pants are the devil . i actually like horror movies . i like the thrill of being scared , even if i can usually guess the plot or i need to google the story while watching the movie ( ... at home , of course ! i do not condone ... wow that's creepy ! i'm really glad your mom , stepdad and friend weren't targeted . that's terrible that he did kill people . it's so hard to know what to do in those situations , like if your step's ... hello ! nice to meet another infj ! this was entertaining . oh wow gorgeous ! ! ! ooh those images make me miss the ocean . infj - saw this thread pop up in new posts ( reserved , friendly , creative ) now that that's out of the way , what's your real purpose op ? huh ? huh ? besides thinking we're all totally in love with ... i hope the janitors got what they wanted ! definitely an underappreciated but necessary job . thank you ! i love the process of figuring things out . my friend buys generic hoodies and adds things from ... that message would inspire anxiety in my heart . i'd be wondering what they want , do i have to be a part of it , does it involve being in public ! ? ! ? ( the horror ! ) , how late can i return the call in ... i don't know ... i think a sociopath infj would be quite the adversary to an entp , as smart and resourceful as they are , right ? although i don't know any infj sociopaths to confirm that . what sort of people and what would their conversation be like ? unless the entp got unlucky enough to be locked up with an infj who is also a sociopath . now that would be interesting . <sarcasm> how long does it take for you to go a little nuts if you're left unattended ? by yourself ... all alone ... no audience . <sarcasm> not too long ! makes a lot of sense - it seems a lot of us have to play a role when socializing in one context or another . it depends on the setting . when i worked for bigger companies i know people thought i was weird and kept to myself . i would try to hang out at their social events , water cooler chats , etc . most ... oh no - feel better ! ! congrats on the virus named after you ! ! roswell , huh ? you know aliens live there . thank you ! love that kitty emoji ! ! hah i'm making another version for a customer right now - she's going to a con in london and gets to meet michael j fox ! i say go for it ! hello ! : hug : slaves of new york . wow everyone here is so creative ! not surprising , though . i don't have enough posts yet to show off pictures . i am a clothing designer - i suppose i should put that info in my signature at some ... when people feel obligated to tell you how reserved , quiet or shy you are when the truth is you're listening to them . they just never shut up long enough or give you an opportunity to speak in a ... '