' whats up guys . the other night i was thinking about some mbti stuff for the first time in awhile and figured i'd hop on to see what you guys thought . i was thinking about the description and ... im saying , this sounds more like a 20 somethings , what do i want to do with my life phase . ive seen this happen to plenty of people my age . im pretty sure it happens to most . as far as the ti-ni ... i dont think this is an istp thing dude , its just where youre at . id say just experiment around with your interests and dont get tunnel vision . itll work itself out . i'm in canada and i'm of the understanding they always test for parallel parking . [ / quote ] if thats whats bugging you , just go somewhere isolated , put down a couple cones or trash cans and ... video games ... all day . ignoring usually works fine for me . my advice , stop caring . they probably keep coming at you because they can tell its bugging you . some random dude calls you a name or gives you some crap , so ... i have a story and then a point . so stick with it for a sec . so , recently my store manager went away for a week , for training on a new system that's being implemented into our store . while she ... but first ... let me take a selfie ! 126665 onions probably teleportation or flying . i'd have loads of fun with those . i'm not antsy about it . if i come across a girl i like , i'd look into dating , but if there's no one around i find attractive , i don't go out looking for someone . alrighty . thanks for your input . anyone else ? kayleigh thanks for the reply . so you're thinking some combination of ti , fe , se and ni . anything we can do to narrow that down a bit ? it's been awhile since i've been on this site or even thought about type theory . so i'm curious what y'all think after all this time . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... fair enough . i'll stick with istp for now unless someone thinks otherwise . any questions i can answer to give a better idea about my enneagram type ? welp . someone just typed me as istp so i figured i'd drop by and see what's goin on here . i can't relate to any of this . i love people , albeit i'm not the most social or expressive guy out there , ... i guess . i think i'm having issues because by saying i'm a certain type , i'm to some degree saying i'm not all this other stuff . seems kind of limiting . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? i find it kind of hard to answer some of ... yeah , i've read up on the functions , still no clue . by doing whatever i feel like at the time . i mostly prefer to get out and do something active . sports , riding a bike / motorcycle , throwing around ... no clue on the cognitive functions . as for what i want out of life , really just to have fun and enjoy it . whatup guys ? i have no idea what my type is and i'm lookin for the whole shebang here , mbti , socionics , enneagram , etc . so if yall wouldn't mind , could you lend me a hand ? by the way , i'm ... this is completely off base . for one , no type lacks emotion . type theory has nothing to do with emotional development . fe and fi are value functions , not emotion functions . every type regardless ... we're talking the movie , not the books . you're fine , man . we knew what you meant . i just figured i'd take a little whack at superman seeing he was hanging out there like a pinata after nowhere man ' s comment . still cooler than superman . everyone's cooler than superman . just saw the movie a couple of nights ago and i don't think either of them are istp's . peeta isn't for sure , that much i know . he's some sort of xxfx . as far as katniss goes , i was getting a ... well said . it's mbti , man . it's not really about how your brain works as much as it is about how others view you . for example , read about istp's . good with tools , excel at sports , may seem aloof etc . it ... i like em . it's a good excuse to get out and do something different , like maybe a lunch where my family gets together , brings a few presents , says happy birthday and then after my dad takes me to the ... i'm not gonna shoot down your idea , but i will say that making a thread about it probably isn't gonna do much for your goal . it'd probably be best if you just hung out in the istp sub-forum for ... do you like chatting on the phone ? ehh , depends . i don't mind chatting with a buddy of mine or maybe a girl i'm interested in , if i'm not busy . do you prefer text to phone calls ? why ? no . text ... not sure if i'm an mbti istp , but i've always been in to games . anytime i wasn't outside doing something i was inside gaming it up . started out with old school , projector and plastic gun duck hunt ... he hardly gave enough information to draw a detailed conclusion like that . we don't know anything about this chick . nice assumptions . listen to music and look out the window . not a big fan of long rides though ... makes me feel kind of trapped . stop trying to force stuff , man . just let it happen , if and when it happens yup . at my old security gig , i had a few 12-14 hour day , 2-3 day weekends ( stuff like earthday birthday , electric daisy carnival , etc . ) where i was constantly around thousands of people and loud ... i'm beginning to think so . ... even after you've explained something to them , does it get on anyone else's nerves ? for example , i'm currently unemployed , so i have to borrow a little extra money from my mom every once and ... that's why i said , update . can we get a mobile update with this ? i'm kind of tired of having to visit the full site just to view thanks / post quotes / videos / etc . edit : or at least create a mobile version of the full site so ... i usually just go blow some peoples heads off in a video game or blast some music . edit : you gotta play a rage game though , like gears of war ( nothing helps the rage quite like ripping someone's ... oh yeah . i used to get badgered by my aunt all the time for sitting in weird positions . for example , when i was younger my grandparents gave me one of their oversized rocking chairs and i always ... i don't cry very often , but when i do it's like the niagara falls . i haven't seen hunger games , but this type vs . type gladiator stuff sounds fun . finally , someone who gets it . i love customizing stuff . for example , paintball masks . i love taking a stock mask , with a clear lens and switching out the lens with a colored mirror / smoke / hd lens , maybe add some lens ... yeah , i tend to make everyone cry . you do realize the entire basis of mbti is derived from cognitive functions right ? '