i have an iq of 134 . i'm not a genius , but i'm above average . couldn't you just let me move on ? why did you have to gift me that at the time when i really , really just wanted to get over you ? i haven't posted in this thread or in this site because i knew that most of the advice said by infp members here made sense - that i had no chance in hell with the infp i liked . so i tried to do the ... just an update . so i've tried to forget about her and just move on with my life , when she's again stuck a dagger to my heart by painting me a picture of my favorite character without any provocation ... so how do you guys suggest i address this predicament ? i laid my cards out on the table . i said that i honestly did not receive any of her messages , and that i sent her three messages in a week that ... i made some posts regarding an infp i was heavily interested with more than half a year ago . i believed she had a falling-out with me , although i didn't know why , and thought that she hated me for ... i'm single at 24 . and i still consider myself young . :) academically speaking , i'm probably superior to a lot of people judging from my track record . but i suck in most forms of physical sports , and am not doing to well in the things i have little ... i like posting in infp threads because i seem to be attracted to infps and have first-hand experience with rejection from them . i find infps to be attractive because of their unique , geeky , and often ... not an infp , but i've had the misfortune of falling in love with an infp and only realizing it was unrequited in the first place . i realize that the lady i liked was an emotional chameleon : she was ... i am in no way rich . i would also never brag about what i've done , because while i have my pride , i am not proud . it's not sean , as well . but i may be led on . i don't know . i guess that's that . :) ... jesus , no ! i knew she would hate that . because they had issues within their group i just asked for his phone number that i could give it to her . but yes , that was quite stupid of me . and she ... i didn't check her out behind her back . it was posted on her facebook . i just tried to act accordingly so that i didn't step on any mines . i asked her directly what she wanted in life and where she ... lad she doesn't tell me anything . she neither compliments nor says bad about me . i actually have plans of just saying it to her straight because i don't ask her for anything , and just try to be ... i tend to overthink things a lot . sometimes it's hard for me to stand back . she took an exam that approximated her mbti on her fb . i'm floored . four years , huh ? i'm not ... i tried to do a lot in three months and three months is a good amount of time . i'm really sorry if you weren't able to read it , but i tried to be exhaustive enough . i have had been afraid of taking the plunge and risking my heart for nearly 24 years , because i didn't want to be hurt . i didn't want to risk going out of my mental experiments , because while it ... it's hard , not only for infps , for i think for most people . but sometimes they've got to be done despite the possibility of failure . like , for example , yesterday i sang in front of a crowd for the ... i am an intp guy but i have been told by most of my friends to be quite effeminate even though i'm fully convinced of my orientation and my desires for women . i don't think it's solely limited to ... it's me again . despite my being hurt , i took your suggestions and waited . yesterday was a major exam for her , because it was something she was very sensitive against ( dissection ) . i just asked her if ... i learned to stop being an asshole after i was one my entire high school life . i've excelled in the hard sciences and math , and am an avid writer , so that fits me . somehow , however , i feel that i've ... exactly . thank you for the succor . i wanted to let her know that i cared beyond the little chats and the small messages , and i tried it anyway . it's my first time putting my heart out there , so yes , ... i guess i failed today . it hurts like hell , too . well , she said she drank some tea , so i came by with a warm cup in the preparation she preferred . she didn't receive the cup . i think she was just ... i prefer to die alone than to be with somebody i don't love . at least i won't be dragging anyone along with me , and my conscience will be clear that i tried to look for that one love without ... i think that infps are guarded for the most part precisely because they are afraid of that rejection . i don't take that against them . as an intp ( hanging around infp threads because i want to know ... good luck . god , i hope she's like you ! haha her text messages have this warmth to it recently that even someone as relatively insensitive as me could feel . she does send me a message after some time ... i am an intp , and i'm also interested in an infp . i can't speak for most of my kind , but i can speak for myself . i think it's important that you find out what he's passionate about , and broach him on ... i like a shy infp but i'll take my time getting to know her bit by bit . i think i've sent enough signs that i like her , and she's been warming up to me for the past few weeks , but i don't know if ... i should stop . but ironically , it's what i lack in that's telling me not to . you guys have all wonderful points , but my gut is telling me not to stop . recently , she just messaged me out of the blue ... thank you for your replies . i guess i just didn't want to admit it . i could honestly say i'm not clingy or obsessive , however . i message her , and if she doesn't reply , i don't pursue the matter . i ... it sometimes disturbs me not being replied to ... but then i try to think that there are other things that these people deal with that may disallow them from replying with speed . it still doesn't ... after all this time , i'm still confused . so it's been more than a month now and i've already drank a bit of beer just to kill all expectation , as it's what really kills the hope of budding ... don't worry , i have had no doubts of being an intp . i have had been atheist and gone through the stages of rebellion , but i have foremost discovered that parents need to be respected despite their ... i would like to be her girlfriend , but i would like to be her friend first . i think they're different goals , but yes , it can be considered as an ulterior motive , i guess . it didn't come out as a joke ... i have faith that i have been raised well , and raised never to toy with women . i am honestly confident that if i exerted myself , just getting into women's pants really wouldn't be difficult - but ... um ... getting into her pants seem so ... far away . i'm not even thinking about that , frankly . that's until after marriage . and yes , these are my values . i'd try my best to be a good friend , and ... i like you knowing that you're not the traditional girl . i like you knowing that you eschew most of society , that you prefer tea to coffee , that you like sitting alone watching movies instead of ... so i wanted to set things straight with her and asked her if i offended her , after wanting to talk to her alone . she said that she was sorry that she was uncomfortable , but she wasn't offended . then ... i wish i knew where i stood with you . i think you already know i like you , but you've moved away so quickly ; i simply would like to know if i still have a chance , because you'll miss out on a great ... you got me . i keep on thinking of different ways of failure and it's really bothering me . yes , i've become really anxious with myself . thank you very much . it's something that's really quite ... i know that i am pitiful , but i've thought about it and i'd like to keep on chasing her despite her shying away from me . i know i have little hope , but the fact that she still talks intermittently ... people have told me that i'd make a wonderful partner . i think it's because i often take note of what i feel i need to and remember them , although i seriously doubt that i have the ability of being a ... you guys were right . i asked her how she was , and she said she was a bit miffed with the chocolates . i asked sorry from her , but she's replied to my messages again , so ... even if i'll probably end ... thank you for your advice . i think it's over . you guys are right , i think i moved too awkwardly , not having experience in this field , and she no longer replies to my messages . i won't disturb her ... reading through these posts , i guess we're quite similar with infps . i enjoy being alone most of the time , and while i love talking about complex topics that i enjoy , i'm often silent and don't ... i have a question : sorry for the bump . what goes into your heads whenever someone who seems to be interested in you asks a question ? she's gone once again into that state of not replying ... although ... yeah , i tried to write her good luck a week ago with a poem . i'm not sure whether she took it the wrong way , but i tried that , heh . i'll try to look for a good gift with butterflies . thank you . it's ... i'm not sure whether i've laid all my cards on the table as yet , but how do you create mystery ? i admit that being forthright about myself has removed a part of that , but how can i re-awaken this ... thank you ! i will most definitely try , even if i seem to have butterflies in my stomach from a lack of confidence ! well , she broached the idea that she was boring and weird . i replied that i ... thank you . i'll try to change it up a bit once in a while , probably if she doesn't reply to a text of mine . we don't usually chat for long periods of time , because i only catch her after classes . i'm ...