' i'm thankful for my boyfriend , he's my rock on days like today . i don't know what i'd do without him in my life . i want to marry him . it was so shitty , such a punch to the face . i've never been fired before . it's their loss , i was a fantastic worker . i was serving at this establishment for 6 months , then all of a sudden i got ... dear universe , i can't stop wondering why i lost my job today . you've shown me the shitty side of people , i still can't believe i really got fired . time to jump in the boat and see where your ... a dildo is considered an inanimate object , right ? my intj boyfriend has one in his nightstands top drawer . doesn't get much use out of it ;) but its there . mine is creepier than hell , that's why i chose it . welcome to my cryptic world of terror perc ;) muahahahaha ! just kidding . i'm cool , i wont devour your soul in my sleep . i swear . the only reason it matters is because he plays it up on both sides to keep the audience on their toes . it makes sense though considering he makes fun of every minority / ethnicity on the planet , him ... hello people ! cast your vote here and leave any comments you have on the subject . are you sure you're intj ? i'm pretty sure the earth is far from a trillion people , there are most certainly not 30 billion on earth ... i'm even more sure there aren't 30 billion intj's ... scale back ... talk about the most intense situation you've talked your way out of . i can think of a few ... but one of them happened when i was 18 and living in my small town . it was 3am on a saturday night and ... the headboard was purely tacky , but that is truly art ! i would buy one . i'm a sensor who has an intj soulmate . i'm engaged as of a few weeks ago ! weehooo ! the us definitely got itself in a bit of a pickle . i'm a little confused by your information though ... if there aren't enough gen y's to replace the retiring baby boomers , wouldn't that lead to a ... the oil wealth means a variety of other industries will thrive as well . in edmonton ( the capital of alberta ) 72 % of citizens that participated in the census drove a vehicle . this would conclude that ... well i'm in a totally different boat . being a canadian in alberta , i am surrounded by a plethora of unfilled great paying jobs . we are giving out working visas left right and center to battle our job ... why did i just read this ? my boyfriend is an intj and his brother is an infp . they're super close and get along very well . my best guess is that you take other peoples feelings / reaction into account before you say whats on your mind . there are two people who may tell you to think before you speak - those who think you ... my intj boyfriend is gorgeous . i got a new haircut :) ombre ! http://i225.photobucket.com/albums/dd105/misappear/Edmonton-20130111-005991_zps1d4b6d11.jpg my grade 4 teacher was the biggest c u next tuesday on this entire planet . i'm 99 % sure she was a closeted lesbian who hated her life and took it out on her male students . she called me worthless and ... i love the every jeep vehicle , except the compass . i drive a 2003 pontiac aztek . unfortunately i don't have that cool tent attachment for it , but i've still camped in it a few times . my vehicle ... i write everything i need to do in a little journal . i prioritize things by how long the project will take to complete , when it needs to be done by , and whatever other factors arise with it . i've ... bahahaha ! bitches be like mewtwo ;) aloha my fellow perc users ! for those of you who would know nothing about business plans and the typical structure that holds organizations together , read on . for those of you who would like to add ... i'm good at anything that requires interpersonal skills and analyzing my environment . the only time i would shut down is if there was something bothering me and i kept it inside . i've learned to speak my mind and be as direct as possible to other people without the fear of what they ... hilarious , direct , charming , scattered , fun . servers aren't that much of a challenge to get , unless you're really hideous ... flirting with customers can be fun , and it usually means a better tip . however , that girl you like with the ... southern california is a wonderful place , i hope to move there one day . i live in a place that is below freezing 6 + months of the year . i fell in love with san diego , i plan on making a road trip ... how about an estp ? that sounds like my dream job . i'm currently working towards an hr diploma with a business degree . i also have sales experience . pick me pick me ! ! ! lol my longest held friendship is with an entp . i moved across the street from him when i was 3 . we've been friends since then , we even moved to the same city and only live a few block from each other ... you're a douche and fyi , swag doesn't pay the bills . get over yourself . so much wut going on in this paragraph . my best friend works for a group home . dealing with management can be tough . she does it in a small town so the age range of clients is 19-50 . all of them have some sort of disorder ranging from ... i saw an intj thread of this nature and thought it could be fun to have an estp variation . if this thread already exists , screw it . lets do it again . be as not politically correct as you'd like ... i was really enjoying the nhl lockout . hockey is huge where i'm from , and the oil money spill-off means our players are grossly over paid . but alas , the inevitable end to the lockout has arrived ... poor management is the # 1 cause of job turnover . anybody in a leading position should have good interpersonal skills and great communication to effectively pass on relevant information . both of these ... my best friend is an enfj too ! i stopped caring about gods existence when i was 10 . i was raised in a religious family ( mother was anglican , father was catholic ) and i went to church every sunday until i was 10 . i also attended a ... i believe we're all just one soul in a bunch of different bodies / forms . everything is interconnected , the universe is a complex web , strung from one spider . the soul that pertains to an ... if someone was wearing shorts in the middle of winter , i'd think they're flippin ' crazy . then again , it usually gets around - 20 to - 25 in the winter here ( celsius ) . it has gotten to - 57 . damn i hate ... high on what ? dont feed your thoughts . look at them as being imagined and made up , thus not being real . expand on that even more , you're whole self image is both imagined and made up , you're not ... thats terrific ! but really gross that % 70 of his fridge was garbage worthy . haha ... planning ? what a horribly necessary thing that i have yet to conquer . my first attempt at university was a blunder and a half from my lack of planning . i had no clue what i wanted to do , so i ... i love the cute first step of leaving a toothbrush at their house :) i hope this works out for you . hopefully he won't fly away on you ! ;) go for it girl ! is he gorgeous ? he is a pilot , so that's good enough . also , he clearly has the hots for you ! if he brought up that you're not some clubbing girl , he clearly knows that you're ... what kind of sales are you doing ? i haven't heard about severance pay in many sales jobs , unless you're a top performer . then again , i'm in canada . if you have vacation pay built up , you'll ... rudolph the red nosed vagina vagina pan i do the exact same thing , i think its nice to look coordinated . http://i225.photobucket.com/albums/dd105/misappear/59082_4866439697856_1906295619_n.jpg '