' i have a scientific idea ... try out some occult practices you dont have to share we all masturbate i dont think its a sex drive thing but i just like perverted jokes fucking muslims and rainbows always freak me out i meen seriously ... what are they putting into our oxygen supply thats making these g darned rainbows i think its gas from all the mexicans ... g w ... its obvious ... ur harry potter tell me about it http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/2205/ingine.jpg uploaded with imageshack.us ... become the lemur young entp ... http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/2205/ingine.jpg uploaded with imageshack.us kind of like slavery ... good point . nfj though seem to be more of a counter culture type . as well as one of the first to throw in the compassion element . i think gender roles are kind of silly ... they are dissolving anyways . women have jobs vote and own property , men dont rape and pillage anymore . sometimes women ask out men which is nice ... i can ... can u really type a sociopath ... i think its just cog functions at that point this thread is getting a little weird ... i think im gonna have to unsubscribe i agree with op entirely ... id say its been more on and off then slowly blooming socially . i just have my antisocial brooding periods . i would say its something that happens less and less with ... it seems like there is always an overwhelming element of dumb luck in everything i do . and it works tremendously . does this happen to u ? do u think its ne i always knew i was a monkey cat ... ever since i was a wee little boy and my mom scolded me for swinging from tree to tree in search of fish to eat . share ... im always intrigued by peoples religious views dude perseus is gone ... i heard about it on cnn goodnight sweet prince lmao where did that guy go ... i remember when he used to post in animal personality based riddles ... it was great shiiittt man . i never looked at it like that . what is this stuff were smokin anyways ( must be read in tommy chongs voice ) buuut what about asian women , buddhism , funny accents , china town ... the list goes on ... jacky chan im starting to read this document he was able to keep a network of secrets among dozens of highly educated people .. all the while manipulating them . he was also said to have the coldest impression ... but wai shud i take the time to cuurrect all speling etspeshially if its unly wun lettur ... but then again that wouldnt look like this or the way you described it ... now everyone has fe and ... u may want to look at this other guys posts before making that statement ... also ill go ahead and ask u what ur basis is as well your fe holds sway only if its a dominant function ... si is more prone to do it , this can also be more effective with te or fe aiding it as a nearby function ... liek in an extj ... u have the si values ... well what im saying is that a lot of things we have to do as necesarry evils are evils ... like there is a greedy and anti social need to strive for material gain which i think pull us apart in our ... what ifs are always a breath of fresh air and yea i agree with all of that would u go as far as to say all of these standards and general beliefs we are made to accept promote a certain ... do u guys have any particular appreciation of steampunk so yea i went ahead and bookmarked ur techno do u have religious views ? this is all very sensitive ... im sorry for what happened anyways im noticing that the reactions to things which shape the view of the masculine and feminine are much more individual or mbti persona ... the world and his drives and visions are very antagonizing at this point . he lives in boundaries which u may be related to . take his view of society seriously and get him to bring out his real ... all which exists is retarded ? nazi is religion ... religiousness ( not theocracy , but the literal meaning ) is sj now the ss had breeding harems ... 1-3 women i believe ... hitler was psychotic-he attempted genocide ( come on now , be ... yea they do ... the cog functions really just take apart the elements of sentience i am manbearpig i will smasheatyou this is great ... i was half expecting some nt snake thing no i did not meen to gape ur anus no infj i know could be that kind of a public speaker or get that angry and psychotic ... it just makes them feel dirty , even if they objectify women ... let alone form miniature breeding harems and ... its hard out there for a male nurse ... my grandma is an isfj ... shes very involved with religion . it seems to make her pretty happy when she isnt too worried about ... awww garsh ... going to hell ... isfjs worry too much ... its annoying but i love em idk dude but i like me some chinese food well i wasnt implying hes an estp ... but i am implying that that is a video yea he is definetly a smart monkey ( lawtsuh ti ) ... i have decided to be a smart monkey and order some frogs online since ... george carlin is 100 % entp thats like saying hitler isnt an estj where are the estp posted videos ? i am disappoint , wheres the awesome youtube - chimp rapes a frog i think its great that your going to perc for relationship advice ... doesnt this seem a tad bit neurotic . just give it a shot i didnt vote since im not an istj i love diversity ... different appearences , dialects , music , food , criminal status ( u know u want crime to fall back on ... and u know u like crime movies ) ... variety ... i think ill sum up the previous 48 pages ... im a narcissist and im smarter than all of you entp estj close but no cigar ... if its just one then thats too likely to be a coincidence what about my statement makes you think a mentally handicapped person produced it ? now blaming ... sooo many pictures of animals in this thread now that i think of it ... id give harry potter an istp and daniel radcliff the enfj yea that ... and sometimes i jizz my pants a little bit '