' no sir . :) now that's interesting ;) . you are perfectly fine bro , i mean we are intps we want a space where we can be what we are best at , introverts . i have an apartment and i was looking for a roommate after a lot of interviews i chose ... i go to the store when i'm out of protein , so basically yes . i like to be a leader , i guess people around me are supportive because i listen to their ideas and implement them in whichever it is that we are working . i've always wanted lead roles ever since ... shit man , didn't know that intps were like that . okay yeah i'm manly alright . i lift 5x per week , i watch ufc , basketball , soccer and football , i have a groomed beard and i'm pretty much social when ... well one thing that most of my girlfriends have lacked and that i wish they had was spontaneity , i mean i really enjoy surprises , things that are not planned at all , just go with the flow . i once had ... faithful , smart , independent , caring , humorous , spontaneous , loving , etc . lol the answer will be : 89134 hades means hell . thoughts ? favorite games : i don't play that many games due to school but from the ones i play : wow - is awesome , allows me to disconnect for a while ( even though the couple of last expansions are ... don't generalize just because you dress like a retard . what kind of promises do you usually make and will you keep them ? mostly personal improvement , i had 10 resolutions this year in which i achieved only 5 of them . the ones that i achieved were : ... so true to all this post lol , my gf is isfj . i agree with you , is all about goals . i only workout 45 - 60 min because of cortisol ( i weight 205 pounds , 12 % bf ) . hi guys , have you had any experiences with the isfj + intp combination for a relationship , could you please give some feedback on your experiences ? friendship , relationship , whatever ... thank ... this is so true lol , only that we are on the b & w side . my girlfriend is an infj . have you had an interesting dream lately ? do tell ! yeah i have crazy dreams all the time . the last one was about walking through an valley full of emeralds , pretty awesome . do you usually dream ... do you think it's possible to time travel ? yes , i always do in my imagination . what time travel theories do you think are more plausible ? none yet , since none have proved to be efficient . ... what do you like shopping for ? i like shopping for simple clothes , i dress very simply , mostly colors , rarely images my way of clothing can be either casual to business casual mostly . i enjoy ... if i was you i would tell him straight what is that you want / expect from him in return . i'm sorry but we are not wizards , nor psychics to guess ? if you don't have a clear communication with him , ... well before i used to have tons of flings , fake relationships to have sex , idk loved the women and i did not wanted to be faithful in a relationship i guess , so ... now i'm in a solid relationship , ... e = mc ^ 2 i used to suck at math in high-school , now i'm boss ( jk , studying computer engineering so i guess you could say , things are getting pretty serious ) . well as long as the my other self doesn't fuck the same girls i want to fuck ( excuse my language ) i have no problem , i think we would get along really good . :) and i wonder the same things brother . when you guys procrastinate , do you ever find that you need the perfect bodily balance / internal state before you can get yourself motivated again ? well yeah until i discovered that certain music ... i'm ... i'm : a thinker , soon to be an engineer , lazy ( procrastinate a lot ) and a crazy weirdo :) . i enjoy : reading , thinking , writing , music , movies , art , photography , bodybuilding , science , ... i haven't really read all about personalities , other than intp , entj , intj , and entp so i'm not sure . from the tests i've taken 4 came positive with intp and one with entp . i tend to be extroverted ... do you regret it ? not at all . were there circumstances which made you pass up on them ? no , i just thought too much about them and kept it safe . do you trust something equivalent or better ... 1 . - i'm not sure if i'm built like a brick wall , but i workout 5x per week and i have a decent built to my perspective . 2 . - i don't think so , most intps don't workout ( check out my fitness ... not really , as long as you are confident . you'll be surprised on how women respond to this type of treats . this guy obviously had issues , you didn't do anything wrong . things happen for a reason , thus experiences , thus wisdom . you learned something , he did as well . being honest , i do not know why he ... thinking face all the way . my girlfriend constantly asks me : are you okay ? ... response : yeah babe , just zoning out . sometimes i zone out when she is talking ( by sometimes i mean 80 % of the time , ... sex , music , caffeine , alcohol ( moderately to think , write , etc / a lot to get wasted and forget about everything ) , comedy ( laughing , releases the god substance that makes you feel good ) , internet , ... a day where i can take off work and dedicate it to myself and my second girlfriend ( my computer ) . only yield if they can prove with facts that they are right . bounce ! around 90 % positive outcome . different perceptions about working out , however so far , most intps workout 5x per week ? hope to get more votes to get a clear view of intps perceptions in regards to their fitnesses way of life . no worries man , i'm here to help you out . i've had one-night stands / flings / girlfriends and stuff so speaking from experience . how to get started ? well this is an easy one , there's three ... - tried ecstasy . - tried weed . - tried coke . - i used to smoke cigs . - i used to drink a lot . - i want to do dmt / ayahuasca . now i only have two drinks once in a while , it allows me to relax ... you are so racist ! jk anyways , no it doesn't depend up to race . i'm hispanic just as you are and well i've never been told that i behave in a white manner . is all about stereotypes in the ... options : 1 . goku , dragon ball series . 2 . otaku , saber marionette j series . 3 . edward elric , full metal alchemist . they all rock ! especially # 1 . meditation does not work for me , because i can't stop thinking . i love the idea though . i used to be a perfectionist until i realized that most of the things i do ( work , school ) don't really ought for perfectionism , but for high standards , so as long as i get an a in school , or ... 52 % intellectual you ’ re the ultimate dinner-party guest . engaging questions and thoughtful debate are your trademarks . 33 % visionary leave it to others to live by the status quo . you ’ re ... i feel that for intps is hard to get into a routine of exercising , but once they are into one they never stop . i always make eye contact , however i do not know how long is appropriate to do so ? i always do when i'm having a conversation , and i feel that some of my conversations awkwardly end because of so ... i'm myself to myself , and different to other people . unless a person gets me then i can be myself around them . i find it difficult for people to understand me , and i don't really understand them ... may the force be with you . i'm an intp and honestly , is not that we are not thinking about the girl , we do , believe me . but we often forget the little details such as calls / texting , and since you guys have a second date ... '