' hon this is quite normal for an infp to feel this way . i'm only 17 and i have felt the same feelings and as i was reading this i just kept nodding and thinking same girl , same . one thing i found ... eyebrows are the question on everybody's mind i guess . thanks to my dad for these genetics i guess i have normal eyebrows that are light . they don't really have much of a shape but thats because i ... hello , try socalising in the infp or other mbti forums to get to know people ! i don't know many people in here but if you post stuff it will help you be more familiar with the forum ! ^ - ^ ~ another ... not a reoccurring dream but one that i had last night that i remember . i was on an excursion with friends , we were told to go from one place to another . ( it ended up being a cemetery ) we all were ... 487730 there have been instances to which i have stood up to deciding to not put up with the bullshit that my family can do . i guess this is a small badass-ery type thing that fi can do . one time i let ... le sneaky infp female here , hi ! ^ - ^ / i thought you were talking about my thread i made last year but it turns out you posted this in 2014 so it wasn't my thread i guess . i use to be into an istp ... here is a small list of what i can play ( not great at all of them but if i can get a decent sound out of them i define them as playable ) : crazy : keyboard / piano clarinet ( been playing this the ... you will find lots of nf's on tumblr . ( more infx if anything , seen quite a bit of nt's and st's on there ) i am a teenage infp who is in many fandoms and there is even mbti related stuff on there ... root : under-active ( - 25 % ) sacral : open ( 25 % ) navel : under-active ( - 12 % ) heart : open ( 19 % ) throat : open ( 25 % ) third eye : open ( 31 % ) crown : under-active ( - 12 % ) it seems like the third eye one ... i think she is an ixfp , most likely an infp . i've always loved her music and listening to her songs gave me an enfp vibe but seeing her in interviews gives me more of an infp vibe . i just watched ... 481 . more than i am willing to communicate with tbh . about 2/3 of them are people i actually know whether its from cosplay or irl . ( like school ) the rest are internet friends and most of those are ... i too am an infp with an intp dad . i never really realised how awesome it is to have an intp dad until i started reading this thread . my dad sounds the same to yours , this really spoke to me because ... i don't wear makeup daily , i leave my natural face the way it is . i usually do wear makeup when going out to a fancy event / party sort of environment . i've practised winged eyeliner with pencil a few ... light brunette with blonde highlights . been looking at too many coloured hair pics and want it but don't want to deal with the hassle of managing it . ( i have 2 wigs for this reason which i have one ... what a great time for this thread to pop up . get ready to read a bunch of scrabble about how i figured out one of my best friend is an entj a few weeks ago i was discussing mbti with a best ... do you take a long time to decide whether you like someone ? i probably do some pre judgements on some people depending on the situation i've seen them in which determines how i feel about them . when ... here i am with my weapons , jimmy fallon unicorn and nic cage cupcake ! 381642  3816 34 with them together us infp's , enfp's and the nt's can officially work together to freak out the other nf's ! ... these god damn girls with their makeup . you don't even need it , i prefer the natural look . if you wear makeup you are hiding the true you by caking that makeup on and nobody want's yo fake titties ... i didn't even know one of my best friends whom i cherish so much was an entj . i got her to take an mbti test and she got entj . she relates to most of the personality and oh my god she is one of the ... hello , an infp has invaded your territory ! : cool : anyways i sent one of my best friend's an mbti test like thing and she got entj as her top score and i was shocked because in my head i placed her ... high-notes , maths , tired . ( welcome back to school for me ) i don't remember when they said they weren't very introverted but entp's and enfp's can seem introverted . ( and i just realised they are both ne dom ) i kind of always thought that they are introverts ... - phil seems like an infp to me . when i first started watching him at first i thought that he seemed like me but a male older version of me . i've watched lots of him . some people declare him as an ... i found that fire and air suited me the most , but fire kind of leads more in me . i wonder if i relate more to fire because i'm young ( 17 ) and i don't always think that i'm truly one thing and i ... pink tops ! :) i also like pastel colours too . dear istp guy , is it just me or are you sneaking glances at me ? why do you gravitate towards me out of the blue ? why do you randomly send me selfies of yourself ? why did 3 of my friends ... i have a random question . can istp's be somewhat clueless , aloof or a little forgetful ? one of my friends ( who has been tested as istp ) seems to sometimes randomly forget important dates for ... this game is an awesome game and i wanna know what mbti you think a character is . ( or multiple ) here is the trailer to the game incase you wanna know what the game is about : ... i love sandbox , story , third person shooter style multiplayer games and simulation games . i also seem to like visual novels , whether they be weird anime ones or good ones . sims ( pretty much all ... i have an esfj mum , i am still in my teens so i'll have to wait for a few years but i can relate to lots of what you guys are saying . my esfj mum and in / stp father are seperated and here are some ... bears ( someone above me did bears but we are back to bears now ! ) he is 16 . ( i'm also 16 ) i don't think friendzoning is a big deal honestly , to me it really just means friendship after romantic feelings not met . i don't think i entirely friendzoned him because ... i'm back again for ages from when i did a mass post here about a guy i thought was an istp . sorry for having to deal with a random kinda confused young infp . i'm bolding important parts because i ... honestly i think that if she doesn't want another relationship don't try to push your feelings onto her so much . what i mean is you feel friendzoned but she just wants to wait out the breakup mood , ... oh the nostalgia . wow i put so much detail and emotion into this . - . - it turns out after finding out his type , he first tested as enfj , says he didn't really relate to one and i got him to take a few ... i'm more of a visual learner . sometimes i will want to learn and do things myself but i'm more visual . i find that with learning verbally is useful but sometimes things will go in one way then get ... memories time ... i went through quite a few friendship groups in my life . primary school i found it a bit hard to make friends because i felt like the odd one out , i only had one best friend who ... i guess my style is similar to some of yours . :P i tend to wear comfy and cute stuff , or whatever i feel like . i like to wear some graphic / merch shirts with jeans or even a skirt . i have a fluffy ... fuck the feelings of the animals ! its the cycle of life and we are the top of the food chain so we all end up eating animals , animals eat each other . that's life , boom . nobody can convince me ... guys , i'm so pumped to be going to the gym tomorrow morning before going to work at the office . i also have a 7 week juice diet to stick to because i want to shred those pounds before i hit the beach ... i'm actually overweight and i am an infp . :P i think anyone of any mbti type can be any body type and height . i'm short and chubby but still an infp . i just loved food too much as a child and ... i love sandbox games , strategy , and simulation games . also some fighting games and multiplayer tf2 style games . :) also games with good stories are nice . when i play third person shooter online ... i'm not german but the one thing i remember from my german class was the chicken sound kikeri ki ! ( don't know if spelt right but i'll go with it ) i speak english but i found that hilarious . xd this is mainly for me but could apply to other infp's . these were some i could think of pros good listening great at expressing through art forms ( writing , music , art ) we tend to see the good ... 1 . is it a photo of you or not ? nope , it's mabel pines from gravity falls . :) 2 . why did you choose the avatar you have ? because i love mabel as a person and feel like she is a little like the ... one of my friends is tested as an enfj ( he says he relates to lots of it but some things don't fit him ) i got him to take the mbti test again and he got isfj ... - . - i see him more as an enfj , ... i'm more of a dreamer from reading this . :P i always thought my enneagram was more 6 ( or even 4 ) but my tritype is 469 . sometimes i don't feel like a typical stereotype of an infp but i guess ... this has always been one of my favourites . i love techno / electronic music . ( i love many other types too , classical is great ) if anyone here loves madoka magica you will love it ... to be honest i seem to want both . maybe it's because i'm young and a little naive but i think with studying or working for longer hours it can be hard to balance a relationship . ( especially if i'm ... '