' i'm about to end a friendship with someone extremely important to me that i consider family and i don't know how i feel about it . i've been friends with her for 9 months and we've been talking ... this sounds very similar to depression . depressed people also often push away others , either via avoidance of opportunities to interact w new people or via ignoring / being distant to people they ... i haven't cut my hair in 15 months so there's that . when i need to get it trimmed or kept at a certain length further down the road , i'll go to a professional . i don't really have a taboo against ... sugar and fat . i'm in a situation right now where the only pleasure i get is from food and while i have the mindset to lose weight i can't because giving it up would make other situations ... i'm getting pretty fat . shit doesn't even taste that good anymore . i had 2 really bad souvlaki . http://i.imgur.com/SfE0Z5K.jpg decided to grow my hair out . few friends . had 2 over the years , from different schools , which i very rarely talk to . also have a small circle of friends brought together by playing fighting games in a particular internet ... street fighter 4 demon's souls dark souls 2 mortal kombat 9 bioshock 1 + 2 about to enter a food coma . didn't sleep all night , ate about 300g of ice cream and a box of large cookies . slept , woke up dead tired and just ate bakes chips with melted garlic sauce and ... i misread your post , i thought you meant you weren't at a deficit with 300 cals + rice . that's still in the 900-1100 range tops . it's very difficult to have a maintenance near that , mine's 2500 when sedentary . that's like 300 calories tops . half a serving of macaroni with bacon , chicken and hot sauce . 2 chocolate nutella crepes . tyvm . i sometimes panic a little because i know i'm smart enough to cover course work much faster than anyone else yet too stupid to actually start doing so . i game all day and love to oversleep . also ... picky and not willing to try anything that's not sugary . i also have cravings every worning i wake up for sweet shit . but only mornings . apologies if this is the wrong thread for this sort of thing . it's also kind of long . i was about to go somewhere this noon and my mom was driving me there . as she was about to get out of her ... you're learning to become a psychologist , let me talk to you until 5 in the morning about every problem with my current life that's not how it was said , you get the point . after a long day with a less than ideal sleep schedule , my internet was super slow so i restarted my modem . at the time my mom happened to be googling something important . proceed to lots of ... it's very rare to find a girl who likes the human centipede . kudos . my wife walked in on me fucking our daughter , i dont know if she was more shocked about me fucking our daughter or that the abortion clinic gave me the fetus .. i love these . it occasionally annoys me when i'm hindered by the feelings of passive aggressive individuals . that's when the line is crossed from i want to work with you into i want to suck all the info i can ... it's actually quite see-through if you know how the manipulator tends to think . and now i want to find someone who tries to do this to me so i can look at their reaction when they see me unfazed . if i'm willing to give up something i really want just to engage in this behaviour , you bet it's not just to educate you . of course it's also pleasure inducing for a short while , like putting a bomb ... this reminds me of so many times i was willing to deprive myself of things i really like just to teach someone who's being stupid a lesson . at times it becomes more like i am hedonistic and will ... i rate this thread 7/10 , while the main story left a lot to be desired , the main characters were developed nicely and the plot twist in the end with pope francis , mona lisa and the ingrown toenail ... http://i.imgur.com/eHQLA1Q.jpg man , did i like morrigan . some people i felt sorry for ( behind a screen ) but morrigan was almost 10/10 on saying toxic things i was thinking . where was mary after the explosion ? everywhere . whenever i haven't slept for more than 2-3 hours , i tend to shut everyone out because i become excessively toxic about what i really think about people close to me or not , everything that's going bad ... i would consider hitler as a desktop background more troubling . what's cute , red and bubbly and loves to scratch at windows ? a baby in a microwave . fancy is a good way to get people to agree to things they're ignorant about . a room with pictures of phases i've grown from painted on the walls , one wall is just a large window , the sky is grey and it's going to rain soon . a ladder in the middle . as you climb higher , the ... 287706 from vacation in paris . it was alright . i usually call it inability to handle their stupidity but that works as well . something tells me we're gonna gather up all the espada in this forum section . expecting you to get erect at news of his mother's death . what an insensitive and creepy fuck . what i don't like is when i'm leaving hints or outright state someone's hidden intentions but much less perceptive people going against me or just not seeing what the other person is doing . e . g ... fake an erection , smile and run away . i guarantee you he won't bother you again . that sounds very interesting , much better than some youtube documentary . from what i know , there's only one main phd with about 5 specialisations depending on which part of cases you want to assist in e . g therapy for police officers , consultant in court , expert witness ... majoring in psychology and will eventually be a forensic psychologist . action rpg , arpg . intolerance is what you're really sensing . my theory goes like this . religion and ways of thinking are something to hold on to in times of need , whether it's god when you're in a fucked up situation or believing people are good when someone ... yes , don't intentionally influence a test to give you the type you want , come to the respective forum and spam the entire first page with worthless threads . credibility source : i have lived for 2 ... because random people like to troll the section ? http://i.imgur.com/nfho16Z.gif '