they live in stonypoint ? i can't remember haha . lemme find the area . i'm going to new york for two weeks this month . maybe i can meet up with some perc members who live in new york and check out the area . i'm visiting my cousin who lives over there . when it comes to dating do other isfp males prefer to be the chaser or chasee ? i had some fights in school . looking back at a few of them it's somehow funny haha . haha yeah it is a long essay . probably it's best to give him space . maybe he feels that you're dominating him and it does seem like his experience with other women in the past has made him not ... i'm not sure if i want to have children . it's probably expected that someday i'll have kids from family and society . i know it would be hard to raise a child , making sure they behave well at school , ... 5w6 sp / sx that's interesting , i haven't seen much about istp woman / isfp man relationship threads . i wondered how it would be like dating an istp woman . i think they are a few things i could relate to ... anyone seen the movie baby driver ? i'm gonna guess the main character who is called baby is an isfp . he lives in the moment , enjoys making music , his fi is quite strong in that he doesn't want to ... anyone seen the movie baby driver ? i'm gonna guess the main character who is called baby is an isfp . he lives in the moment , enjoys making music , his fi is quite strong in that he doesn't want to ... baby driver cool . are they any similarities between me and your friend ? as a child i was quite hyperactive . as a toddler i swallowed a coin and had to stay in hospital for a week . i was a bit of a handful as a child . as a adolescent i got calmer , still a bit hyperactive ... wonder woman was it good ? back to the future part 3 back to the future 2 yeah i think improv theatre would be a good way of becoming a better conversationalist . i did a meetup class in it and i found it interesting . i might go to some more classes in it . ohh baby ! say my name ? say my name ! ! ! http://media.breitbart.com/media/2015/06/trump-640x480.jpg may god bless this wonderful human being ! ! ! oh i see cool . i also get compliments about my eyes from women as well . i went to a silent speed dating event where you eye gaze the opposite sex . they mention it's relaxing to look at my eyes . just brexit like we did :P i'm gonna guess estp or esfp are the most seductive type interesting what does the isfp guy do that is very seductive ? you ate their last cookie . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvSoeJfvMh8 michael jackson is my favourite pokemon . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2E69k7BYd8 just kidding my favourite pokemon is charizard this is a troll https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQELOvuSSUE what myers briggs types tend to be lawyers ? i read it's normally istj , intj , entp , entj . he is an isfp :P thanks . :) i'm thinking of going to the london zoo or the london dungeon . i might see if i can meet a woman i'm dating that day . depends of she's free . what do you think i should on my birthday ? i went to the theatre last year and watched matilda the musical . what , what , in the butt . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1kS4vOq2Y0 hey thanks for the nice compliment :) . it's interesting how other types see isfps . they are times when i wish i was another type as well . but you have to see yourself bigger than the four letter ... nope they just do software i'm testing football manager 2017 cool . do you work for yourself or for a games company ? i'm currently a games tester at sega do you work as a video games developer ? these are what 8s look like . see how they are calm , relaxed , and soft-spoken , masterful . they don't have a need to impress people . their self-confidence is not compensatory .   ... i've got trump typed as 3w2 so / sp . he is a nonstop self-promoter with vanity being his main vice . his victory in the election really drives home the 3w2 ' s fake-it-until-you-make-it approach to ... from my facebook profile i'm an istp . introverted sensing thinking perceiving istps excel at analyzing situations to reach the heart of a problem so that they can swiftly implement a functional ... where can i get my free cookie ? congratulations on reaching 3000 hello isfj :) . i'm an isfp from england too . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-DGVw8B9EQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_C2KwMNouI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwhPyKcj9OY i think this has been posted a few times on perc . what's your experience dating or being in a relationship with an isfp ? yeah we get along quite well . i gave him the mbti quiz to do and he got isfp . but he was typed as a istj . dad : intp mum : infj brother : istj sister : estj i think that's their mbti type . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwLLH9EZiqc your result the crisis manager your career personality type is the crisis manager . you like creative freedom and are action-minded . you can get restless so you need a work environment that ...