' do you think your dreams has a meaning ? do you believe dreams are important ? are your dreams detailed and long ? do you dream in a rich world where something big is happening , or do you jump from ... i think i was an infj when i was little . from 10 and up to early teen , i was an extreme intp .. now i'm an infp . or maybe just awful at typing myself . i have always had troubles with my identity . the types that hit my mind during reading this , was both entj , estj , estp and esfp . estj , i would try to be the complete opposite of me . only for a day though . every single esfj and estp woman i know are usually very attractive . the esfj is more feminine , the estp more out for trying new styles etc . enfjs , esfps , enfps and esfjs are the ones i have experienced to be very popular / usually liked . enfp may be the least popular among these though . infps rarely reject other people's opinions . if they disagree , they'll most likely not say anything / act like a bullied child . i've taken it tons of times and the results has been from intp to infj , but i'm definitely an infp i avoid making decisions to be honest , i have thought a lot about being the last human being in this world , and i have always thought that i'd probably see the world as my own , private playground . sometimes i've even wished ... i understand your frustration , but be proud of your type ! shakespeare was an infp by the way . each type has good and bad things . being an estp doesn't mean you can't be philosophical . do you think it is possible to struggle between infj , infp and intp ? all my life , i have been identity-seeking and searching for who i am . i have elements from all the three of them . thinking a lot ... i love enfps ! i have troubles communicating with my esfj mother . even trying to ignore my own opinions and seeing their point of view is impossible . i'm an infp and cancer . my best friend is an enfj and also cancer . my father is an entj and aquarius . so is an istp i know . also i know an esfj cancer i went to school with . i love entjs . i have always asked what if . i love fantasising . my sister and i often sit for hours , simply discussing things that could be . i rarely ask who , where , when or what . i always question people when ... your type : infp infp : i don't know any other infp , but i think we'd have long conversations - but we would not go anywhere . we'd be stuck where we are . infj : i really look up to these guys . all ... haven't listened to them in two years , it was fun to look them up again . i remember i was addicted . when my usually arrogant / angry friend in real life talks on the phone , her voice completely changes into a soft bumblebee . intp , i love listening to your ideas . you make me silent every time you talk about how you see the world . ok , so my dad's an entj and his brother is an entp . by the first look , most people would have thought they were both serious business men . my uncle's a lawyer , my dad a .. computer man . he codes and ... i always need to say goodbye properly . i hate being cut off and i dislike when people leave without making sure everybody is fine or something . i just feel like they are careless if they don't do ... lately i've been seeing an istp guy and the conversations has somehow always ended up being about something like roller-coasting or murdering someone . usually it's a calm atmosphere though , and he is ... my enfp friend keeps deleting and making new accounts my best friend is an enfj and every single time we are together , we always start enormous projects together which we usually never ever finish . we both have tons of ideas , the difference is she is ... i understand what you mean . i have had troubles realising someone actually likes me even if they have told me several times and tries hard to make me believe them . i don't believe this . i'm the happiest person in the world when i can be alone , reading or drawing or doing whatever i want to . alone . n and p . i also appreciate tp but i personally wouldn't want to be one . i love being an nf . i honestly can't stand the st . my istp friend hates cars and sports , and don't understand why people like those things at all . my entj father is romantic and adventurous . he is also extremely childish with family and friends . entps - the manipulator ( my experience with an entp , and saying no offence would be pointless . not saying all entps are like that ) i usually pretend like nothing ( which is also impossible because i blush often ) since i usually doubt my chances . jonathan is a definite ixfp . i find the characters here hard to type , but what in my eyes , daenerys is a strong infj and bran could possibly be an infp . tywin could be an intj or entj . i think entjs usually has a lot more humor ... my dad ; entj my sister ; isfp my mother ; esfj me : infp grandmother ( father's side ): enfp grandfather ( mother's side ): istj or intj , not sure an unhealthy isfp is the first thing that hit me as well . the good thing about finding out about mbti : - i feel less alone - i don't feel weird anymore - easier to embrace myself and actually like sides of me i earlier wanted to hide and get rid off ... just write down what you enjoyed doing the most in your childhood . it can be everything ; roleplaying , jumping on the trampoline , drawing etc . all types . the entp i've met often tell me what i should do and not do . the logical song by supertramp for infps my entj father is brilliant at math and easily understands new theoretic concepts . my sister ( isfp ) is also great in math , so is my infj cousin . i simply suck at it . i heard a rumor about infps have tendencies to die at a young age , but i'm not sure . my enfj friend is awful at keeping secrets . what are entj fathers like ? can an entj be extremely adventurous and accepting of other people ? 1 . for a person you loved deeply , would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be little chance of seeing your friends or family again ? it depends on which country . if it ... now when i went on further exploring , i found another one , very small , almost invisible . i'm deeply in love and at the same time terrified of being with someone , giving myself to someone else , to expose myself both physically and mentally . 1 . ) cry babies - i have periods where i feel like everything is lost and gone , which caused me to cry a lot for no reason at all . especially under stress . 2 . ) emos - yes , i'm emotonal . not emo . 3 . ) ... my sister is an isfp , my cousin infj and my mother is definitely xxfj . my dad is a xntx . it is interesting how mentality can be the same in one family , both in environment , how you have been raised ... i haven't met many entjs , but i came really well along with an intj i went to school with two years ago . we used to have some long discussions about nothing in particular . our favorite subject was ... '