' a sense of purpose . it's easy to lose that when you're swimming in cash and you're so privileged you don't have to lift a finger . also , to love and to be loved . i'd rather be poor and surrounded ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOJgpY-LEv8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpOSxM0rNPM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN7gSMPQFss i'm a little obsessed with this band right now ... i have no idea , but have you seen the dmx remix ? it's a little nsfw but funny : laughing : i can't listen to the original without hearing dmx's voice levar burton's job on reading rainbow ! i love books and i love kids . that show was my life as a kid :p roud : yes times a million . i love game of thrones ( the book and the tv series ) , and it's easily my second-favourite show but i can't stomach the gory scenes . i don't know if there are any got fans here , ... hahahaha oh lad orgasm is a bit of a stretch though , isn't it ? :P glee ... - __ - actually , glee's interesting because i went from hating it , to liking it , to hating it again . i don't watch it anymore , but i do watch their song covers sometimes on youtube . guilty ... haha ! that's why they never know what hit them : ninja : people don't really say aww when i'm upset with them . my death glare is that strong i know one infj male in real life and he's like the male version of me : tongue : our conversations are so easygoing yet intense , and we share most of the same interests ( writing , reading , music , ... yeah , i agree with you on that . i'm definitely not dramatic when it comes to confrontations . i usually just send them death glares and give them the silent treatment . very mature , i know : tongue : are we a dramatic type ? i don't know that many infjs in real life , but speaking for myself , i'm a huge hypochondriac and whenever i feel a little sick , i always assume the worst ( i . e cancer ) . are we ... * i didn't write this , but i saw it on tumblr and i thought it was simply beautiful it wasn ’ t as if you could simply head back to a time when you had heard her voice , so whenever nostalgia crept ... when i'm really tired : a minute or two when i'm moderately tired but i have a million thoughts running through my head : half an hour to an hour . the downside to being a dreamer type : tongue : this . it's basically a combination of our introspective nature and our tendency to romanticize . dreamers who love to create scenarios in their heads . another obsessive planner here : tongue : when i travel , whether it's by myself , with my boyfriend , or with family / friends , there has to be a concrete plan for me to follow . otherwise , i feel like a ... this may or may not be helpful ; i just thought it put some perspective on long-distance friendships : ... i sleep all day . noises flit around the house - - garbage truck in the alley , rain , tree rapping against the bedroom window . i inhabit sleep firmly , willing it , wielding it , pushing away dreams , ... 177594  1776 02 177610 i love tumblr yep , it annoys me too . granted , there are some things that are out of our control , like traffic , family emergencies , etc . but people who cancel on you at the last minute , or people who show up ... my thinking process is like a never-ending stream of thoughts branching out into other , similar thoughts . my mind is a restless place , so it's always hard for me to fall asleep at night , even when ... my dance style ranges from a white dad at a barbecue to a stripper whose rent is due tomorrow yes , that's me , thank you , opabinia : 3 do you stutter your words around them or have trouble holding eye contact ? i don't stutter or have trouble holding eye contact . in fact , i get really flirty and our conversations become witty , ... does anyone else here hate summer ? i don't know what summers are like where you live , but in toronto , summers are really humid and sticky , so on rare days like today when it's raining and windy , it ... i'm curious to see where people stand when it comes to season preferences .. i personally prefer colder days with a bit of wind and some sunny breaks . i love bundling up and wearing fall clothes ... i'm all ears , uxdork . question # 1 topic : social suicide traits what traits do infjs exhibit in a conversation that may compromise their social standing ? game version : spoiler version top 6 responses : 1 . judging ... we're so used to taking care of other people's feelings and presenting ourselves a certain way around people that they get used to us being that way . when we're having a bad day , we might not want ... i'm going to quote x-men : days of future past because there's a scene that we might find relatable as infjs . in this scene , xavier is talking to his future self , professor x , and he's lost all hope : ... name a famous person you don't like . > beyonce conversely , who's your celebrity crush ? > chris hemsworth what's the last thing you purchased ? > dry shampoo give me a name you like for ... trolling aside , i believe that there's a possibility of other beings out there . in such a huge universe , there's no way earth is the only planet with life . 175938 no worries , glassland . i didn't take it as an insult , but rather a learning experience . i think the reason why it's so common is because some people tend to take things at face value , so they don't ... hahaha so true , i was a lurker for months before i decided to make an account : tongue : because we're people pleasers and people walk all over us . we tiptoe around and avoid hurting other people's feelings , like you said , so we go unnoticed . to get noticed , you have to be more assertive ... - there's no middle ground for infjs . every feeling is intense . - we're discouraged by corruption but hopeful for a peaceful future . - there's a 99 % chance we tuned you out by daydreaming . ... could i change my display name to infjxsophia please ? thanks , fearandtrembling : happy : infj isn't just limited to counsellor . just because you're an infj doesn't mean you're pigeonholed into being a protector or a counsellor . on this forum , we're all introverted , intuitive feelers ... yes . this is me to a t . i hate having to keep up pretences when i'm around people i'm not close to . it's tiring ! my home is definitely my sanctuary , where i can just be me . if you take personality tests , you'll see a common type with each test result . i always get infj when i take personality tests , so i'm definitely an infj . maybe try the same technique and see what ... to me , prettiness is what you make it . i think prettiness and personality go hand in hand . your looks could be a great addition to your personality , or it could be crutch if your personality is ... i used to be anemic , lemxn ! it was the worst and i had to take strong doses of iron pills for two years just to raise my iron levels . i still have low iron compared to people with healthy iron ... oh okay , thanks . also , this may be a dumb question , but am i able to change my display name from infjdrifter to my actual name sophia ? i've been looking through the settings tab but i can't figure it ... good to know . how long have you had yours for ? some reviewers said that their nutribullets broke down after 6-8 months of use ... i just bought the nutribullet after seeing you mention it and reading all the awesome reviews online . impulse buy ? maybe haha , but it's just what someone lazy like me needs ! verbal hand job hahaha , so accurate : laughing : it's the infj curse , isn't it ? we're great listeners because we're polite to a fault , and we sometimes pretend to be interested in someone's spiel ... i'm a goofball as well , arctiko ! i'm known as the comedic relief in my family let's see : - i love anime , and it all began with a little english dubbed show called sailor moon 16 years ago ... yes to everything in this post . and people are surprised when they hear that hitler was an infj ... this post explains why . i'm not saying your hate is akin to hitler's , but he had a high platform ... we're like the oprah of personality types . you get a thank , you get a thank , everyone gets a thank ! ! '