' i don't ... really know where to start with this . not to be rude , but i'm not sure you're really questioning if all infps love blindly and purely but rather if your personal situation makes sense or ... people are self-interested and care primarily about themselves . just look at yourself now . you're not asking what you can do to make yourself more valuable to your friends , you're upset because you ... yesss , i got kali . she's always been the one i related to most ( if i were of a more godly disposition ) . fun hinduism lesson : why is kali often depicted with her tongue out ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7d-eBPYad4 i'm in my early 20s and my husband is over 10 years older . it's working well . previous crushes have always been older by a few years except in one instance , but to be honest that one was purely a ... i interview quite well . i've been offered a job every time i've gone for a face-to-face interview , and only lost one when it was a phone interview ... possibly because i couldn't get a better read on ... other people have given some great advice , but just to throw a new thought out there ... might he be gay ? i'm in no way suggesting a guy who turns down a women is automatically gay , just thought that ... i was a bit of roughhousing type when i was in grade school . in a way that helped me because i was directing my energy in a fairly safe , responsible way . as time went on i can think of two ... don't think this is a type-related thing as either way could be seen as infp-ish . for me personally i do make characters similar to myself . i like the escapism and imagining what i'd do in another ... yes and no ... a situation like this came up recently and in general , i'm actually receptive to unsolicited advice . the reason is that it's such a rare occasion for me to go out of my way to seek ... classic f / t divide , i suppose . i don't hang around many entjs but i do have an intj buddy who i used to get cut by verbally . note the part i highlighted in bold and realize that this isn't only ... well ... g_w gave some great points to look for if the guy really is intj , but frankly i'd be surprised with the sort of flirting he's been doing . it sounds very direct and sexual . i've heard intjs ... yes , you make good points . i'd love to highlight the if they're careful . i enjoy being able to express my thoughts and emotions in a safe environment . in fact , particularly since it's not my ... i would like them to know that sometimes , the best way to help me is by not trying to help me . i will deal with things on my own time , and while i appreciate support , 99 % of the time i end up solving ... i had a very close friend ( so close we almost ended up together ) who tested as estj , but i highly suspect he was actually an esfj . so i suppose i would give an estj a chance , but he / she would have ... be sure to let us know when you succeed , as i'm sure you'll have a massive flock of infps vying for your attentions ! aw , thank you for answering this , but i'm almost 100 % sure he doesn't have ... what is your type ? infp on a scale of 1 to 10 ( 1 = low , 10 = high ) , how confident are you that you actually are the type you say you are ? 10 what other types have you tested as , or have ... * de-lurks * may i ask if this is annoying for you or feels insincere somehow ? i've recently noticed that an intj friend has become almost alarmingly good at anticipating my emotional reactions , where ... i do like most disney movies ( despite some problematic themes ) , though i've always tended to sympathize with / prefer the villains rather than the main characters . i feel like they're constantly ... i think saying we have to destroy ourselves is not at all equivalent to facing reality . yes , it's stressful and fairly draining for us to grow up and have to face bills , rent payments and boring ... i'm atheist , so if i had to officially follow a religion it would be satanism , since they're atheists also . ( and yes , i'm being serious . quite an interesting / fairly positive philosophy they ... op , you are me ! i hope more people respond to this because i could really use any insights as well . this is going to sound so nerdy , but sometimes i literally have to make a list of things to talk ... that was hilarious ! so true . much better video to represent us i think , thank you . yes , but due to indecision and overthinking things at times , sometimes being rushed is good for me . how long is it going to take ? wow , that is disturbing and creepy . thanks for the nightmares . looks like gollum got into the toothpaste , haha . hrm . no , i wouldn't consider just checking in creepy . i haven't heard of this sort of behavior from infps . but this - makes me think you at least might be able to get an answer through some ... i generally dislike physical affection unless it's from my husband or friends / family i'm very close with . even then , if it goes on for too long ( like mother petting my hand , friend leaning against ... it's kind of hard to give advice knowing nothing about the women in question or details about your relationships . all i can say is that , if the three women you've known are indeed infp , they could be ... er , what ? way to make a sweeping generalization . from what i hear in the intj forum many of them are quite fond of infps . i've seen tons of threads discussing the natural connection between these ... yeah , sorry ... but i agree with katfeather on this one . it's strange that he would initiate everything , say he had a great time , then go awol , but if he's not responding after repeated attempts to ... wow , i really like your music and art . it's whimsical , energetic and somehow nostalgically modern , if that makes any sense . i feel like it could be used in a video game , just because it's really good ... i know this isn't what you asked for specifically , but if i might contribute an opinion - i think if you want to draw the stereotype of each type it isn't so much about determining the most common ... pardon me , i know i'm not the poster you're replying to , but as another infp who might be of assistance ... this is not the case with me at all . however it sounds like your infp is indeed emotionally ... i'm sorry this isn't really easy advice to hear , but you have to convince yourself that the potential gains outweigh the risk . it also helps to cultivate a bit more of a confident attitude - i . e ... enfj and esfj are best romantically ( in my experience ) . infj , intj and enfp are good friends . infjs are generally very loyal , passionate , efficient , understanding , caring and cool individuals . yes , i appreciate you and ai.tran chiming in on this . i definitely didn't mean that extroverts don't crave downtime as well , just that they do need a decent level of social interaction in their ... it's basically like salihah said . it's not a big deal or sad if our friends actually make the effort to understand us . usually we're not afraid to say , i just need some alone time , but if we've ... i seem to be an exception to this oft-mentioned norm , since people have told me i come across as intimidating and cold ( i'm just stuck in my head frequently ) . once they've talked with me a few times , ... i pretty much never cry in front of people , so if it happened , i'd like to be left alone . the only person who i would want near me is my husband , to give you an idea of how much i dislike people ... you sound like an infp to me . you might be enneagram 5 which would explain your dedication to logic / research . i am ... it's rarer for infps but not unheard of . sorry i'm not going to go into too ... that's tough . maybe a cross between aragorn from lotr and crixus from spartacus ? ha . ( i know they seem like complete opposites but i do feel bipolar sometimes . ) i think i probably come across as ... i usually go ahead and talk to the people i'm interested in . frankly i'd rather be shot down and get closure than be stuck in a state of wondering whether you could be friends / partners / whatever . if ... the responses i get here are always so insightful , thank you . i once went on a huge ramble about my opinions regarding certain business practices and how they affect people , and of course my thoughts ... that makes a lot of sense , thank you . i've noticed that he's much more animated when we get on topics he's intimately familiar with ( which is understandable ) , but i was unsure how he viewed less ... do you guys enjoy listening to what's going on in people's lives ? ( people you at least somewhat approve of , that is . ) i've heard conflicting opinions on this topic - on one hand you don't like ... first off , i'm sorry you're dealing with all this and i hope things turn out well for you and your family . but - i'm a little confused as to how your parents propose you move on ? you're only ... frankly i would be overjoyed if someone came out and said they had feelings for me , because then i wouldn't be left biting my nails and obsessing over whether there's something there or not . i've ... i completely agree with cobalt in saying that love is a decision . the way i define it is choosing to act in the best interest of the loved individual / always considering their needs , even above your ... '