' yeah , i'm not a fan of kiersey at all . granted , i do have some intp friends and we get on fine , but they always end up hero worshipping me and sometimes romantically adoring me ( unrequited ) which ... i'm having the hardest time typing some of these . anyone want to help ? there may be some spoilers for seasons 3/4 but i'll try to keep it vague . here are the ones i'm pretty sure of : sam yao : ... i'm pretty sure mako is not an intuitive , sorry . but i'd love to hear how people type wu . esfp ? enfp ? i agree with you on most . could you elaborate on the bolded ones ? mako is pretty clearly an istj . watch how he handles the evacuation in the last few episodes of the show : literally by the book ... other characters : korra : estp mako : istj bolin : esfp ( sorry , i don't see any ne in him whatsoever . he and korra seemed to get along so well in b1 because of their shared se dom-ness ) tenzin : ... chiming in for asami as infj . i don't understand how so many people type her as isfp ! she acts a bit fi / se in book 1 , i guess , or when she's being playful and showing off , but that isn't that often ... i would agree that kiera is isxj type 6 , but i really think she's an f rather than a t . isfjs may be the most reserved of all the fs , but she definitely strikes me as an f . alec : xntp type 5 ... sophie devereaux from leverage ? ( the brunette ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC3gftCcgZ8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqhsXlLbeTo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cedxyRz4wgQ hm , and i'm not certain how developed my se and ti are , but i do know that as a type 7 ( especially with the 9 and 3 backing it up - - not a 2 in sight ! ) , i'm a lot less cuddly than many other enfjs . ... well , he only forgets about anna because he goes through a dimensional tear ! he remembers her for 20 years and drinks to ( unsuccessfully ) try to forget her and brands his right hand out of his ... i'm really confused . : shocked : can you give an example of a time when tess put her life on the line for a cure for humanity ? because in the game i played , tess put her life on the line for food ... tess was going to die anyways , so yes , it makes a lot of sense for her to want to go out quickly and heroically . and she wasn't mean to people ? she was pretty quick to torture or shoot anyone who ... originally ellie was a lot more ( physically ) similar to ellen page , but as development went on they changed ellie's appearance to look more like her voice actress , ashley johnson . i think ellie ... gotcha . well , i tend to prefer the bad guys anyways , so it seems like all the cool / interesting characters are estps ! i've honestly never seen any enfjs in any fun roles , although some people say ... hey , i didn't write the characters , i'm just trying to analyze them . o_o i didn't label anyone an istp either , i don't think , and they're probably equally good at surviving the apocalypse ! and did ... hmm , that's a good point . istjs also tend to be super loyal , though , and joel is all about security / self-preservation . i'm not sure what you mean about not being able to handle pressure well . joel ... yeah , i definitely agree that most action heroes are estp or istp ! i'm just not sure about tess . you could be totally right , though . she just seems like a strong j to me , and it seemed like she ... what makes you say p rather than j for joel ? and where are you getting the f for tess ? i can see maria being an isfj , although she seemed borderline extroverted the limited amount of time we saw ... actually , that's not it at all . the survival aspect is actually what i was thinking of when i mentioned tess shares a lot of estp qualities . but forgive me if i'm wrong , but i feel like most estps ... i can maybe get on board with ellie being an esfp or estp , but i really think she spends too much time daydreaming about the future and trying to figure out the big picture to be an s . tess is not ... anyone still around ? hellooo ? i've been thinking more about this , and here's what i've come up with : booker = istj , 694 ? sp / sx ( i don't know , none of the enneagram types really seems to fit ... tamsin from lost girl , played by rachel skarsten . i don't remember right now where i found out that there had been other immune people , but i did ask several others if i was imagining things , and they verified that ellie wasn't the first immune ... yes yes yes , that was exactly my thought on marlene . and she doesn't use logic-based arguments on joel , she uses feeling-based logic . i mean , an intj might try to trigger someone into doing the ... tess is definitely an xntj , but i agree that we don't really get to know her long enough to tell whether she's an e or i . she matches my female intj friends much , much more closely than she does my ... - rally friends / family members who owe you a favor / need to clean up their share of the shit / agreed to help / allowed themselves to be bribed - put on upbeat music . i have some cleaning playlists . just ... i'm going to say tess is an xntj type 6 . in her partnership with joel , she tends to be the one figuring out where to go and what to do and how to do things , and he follows along and helps her out ... sorry if there's already a thread for this , but i want to discuss this with folks ! joel : istj type 6 sp i : he's not a fan of talking and consistently tells ellie to shut up . takes a while ( like ... okay , cool . i was initially thinking istj , but then i started second-guessing myself . anyone want to hazard a guess at the characters ' types in bioshock infinite ? massive huge spoilers ahead , do not read if you haven't finished the game ! ! ! ...   ... elizabeth : she's ... that's rachel skarsten as tamsin in lost girl ! :D she's a badass cop with magical fae powers who likes to box in her spare time . i highly recommend the show . spoilers ahead what do you mean by ... 71488 enfj , or just desperate-to-be-around-people-after-years-of-seclusion infj ? definitely an nf , and i'm leaning towards j for her . nope , i'm an enfj with a strongly developed tertiary function . :) if i was an esfj i would be strong in si , but it's actually my se that's strong . hence the occasional confusion . enfj : fe ni ... beastialsheep , the official , paid for mbti test only has 50-70 % accuracy . that means that up to half of the people who take it may get the wrong result . when i paid for the test through my school , ... i think we're pretty easy to figure out ... if we act interested , we're interested . if we act like we're ambivalent or uninterested , we're probably uninterested . like , if we text you , ask you out on ... small gestures are usually okay . show that you remember the stuff she says - - especially the little stuff , like favorite pizza toppings and flowers and movies . steer clear of talking about your ... seems like there's some dissonance between what she says she wants and what she actually wants . o_o but i'm not sure what to tell you . i'm all for equal partnerships too ... sorry , i'm a bit confused . you're enfj and your gf is enfj too ? and she's mad because you stood up to her friend and hurt his feelings but also because you're not dominant enough ( in what area ? ) ? ? ? for me ( and i'm also type 7 , so keep that in mind ) , i'm easily put off by people getting way too attached way too soon and people being rude / mean . the latter is probably not a huge issue with an ... * hugs * 21st birthdays always seem to come at crappy times . my brother turned 21 this year , and he and all of his friends had a horrible stomach virus or something on top of my brother having a ... being a new mom is extremely stressful and hard , and enfjs will sometimes become more introverted and obsessive during stressful new experiences . just hang in there - - this sounds like it will either ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 27.6 ) average use introverted sensing ( si ) i think it's most likely that the ones who are more mature and polite are less forthcoming with their mbti results in real life interactions , haha ! i'm sure i've met plenty of great intps and they ... this is what i'm talking about . you asked for the enfj opinion , so here you have it : your posts , especially this one , are pretty representative of my real life experience with intps , unfortunately ... yeah , it really does depend on the person , just like with any type ! but on the whole i seem to have encountered intps like the op . and again , there's nothing wrong with that - - it just brings out ... i haven't seen any of these mean posts by enfjs - - could you link me to a few so i can understand better ? i guess when someone comes into a forum and asks if the denizens of said forum are all ... http://youtu.be/IYw7UQNRONc [ / color ] [ / font ] i don't tend to get along super well with intps , and the things bolded above ( but really the entire quotes ) exemplify why , in general . to me , these posts come across as unintentionally rude at best ... we typically do it because we care , though . and we hurt at least as much as you do whenever you're hurting . so if you ( general ) are constantly doing stuff that ends up hurting yourself , and we can ... i would happily claim her ! she plays hermione really well as an introvert , and i've seen her more on twitter than in interviews and stuff , but that would be cool if she is ! '