' hi tj , you sound young , and i am old ( 52 ! ) an infj . i've seen and lived some life . i personally implore you to pursue electrical engineering and work to be certified and get that job . you will have ... i have never been to college , but if i did i would study for a job to walk into . this meaning a ( even in this economy ) job in fair or relative demand , then work for a few years , pay off school ... welcome , no , you are not too old , i am married and have a daughter , so anyone can interact here . many people here are young , it's good to see so many getting a grasp of who they are early on . have ... i just started reading a higher calling , non fiction , ww2 era , sort of a combination of valkyrie and top gun . i really seem to feel music go through me like gamma rays , and has strong effect on me . even listening to what some people might consider somber music , is not to me . i listen to pop , rock , jazz , ... i don't know if this is an infj thing or not , but it seems like when you are in your 20 ' s you subconciously think that time will warp and take 20 years to get to your 30 ' s and maybe another 20 to get ... i still find it hard to raise my voice , or yell , i always keep my voice down and don't like talking on the phone in front of people , i guess i'm a classic introvert , but it's still better than loud ... that's funny , i am pretty sure my wife is an enfj , she doesn't remember what her test result was because she was forced into it at work as a team building exercise , but i'm pretty sure . flags of our fathers by james bradley and ron powers , recounting the lives and of the men who raised the flag at iwo jima , should be required reading in high schools ... but it never will be . my wife must think , when i'm staring into space , that no thoughts are going on . she'll ask me if i've thought about xyz , and i tell her of course i have , i've thought about it now , from every ... my friend at work was having the gang take the mbti test for fun , and he and i were infj's , when i found that out i started talking and opening up about how i think , and he completed my sentences , ... that is very true for me , like i'm trying to gain knowledge / skills to help as much as possible anyone i know or don't know from some future event ? ! i thought i was the only one , thanks again ! way back when i was your age , i had low self esteem , was self concious was not an initiator but a reactor , and had no regular girlfriend . any female who might pay any passing compliment , and i ... it's funny , my coworker and i took the mb test and found we were the same , infj , then we started to talk more and find out we really related in so many ways it's scary , and revealed though processes ... i had a cat for about 10 years back when i was single , they are very different from dogs , i just related to him , he needed his alone time , seemed to have strong insight , and even consoled me when i ... i think metaphors are an infj favorite , i love'em here's a new one , sometimes i feel like a combat vet answering cries in all directions , patching the bleeding , dodging bullets , moving on to the ... i like myself , with all the flaws i sometimes beat myself up over , and like most infj's we are liked , often to our surprise . they always say the greatest love of all is to love yourself , but ... greetings gaboonviper : i didn't find out i was an infj until last year , i've always been a bit lonely , and looking for that perfect friend , we don't want 14 acquaintances , we want a true friend ... you'd like to shout , you just wait there , in 2 hours i'll be back with the perfect response and put you back , way down , in your place ! this is my sunday music , some of it , i don't like to post video's , i let the artist be the image maker for my mind . don't know it this will work ... sometimes , when listening to someone who is pretty down , you form just the right thing to say , you say it just right , and it lifts them up and out . thats a pretty cool feeling . when you come with your own stairs and handrail so people can walk all over you . welcome ! , sounds like you've made good career choices , i'm a newbie , there is a lot on this site to check out . you all sound so young , but are making great choices , waaay back in school , my thing was art . that's a pretty broad topic , but my other class i found interesting was psychology , and now looking ... a couple of things i say on interviews , they ask : where do you see yourself in 5/10 years ? you say i want to be a very experienced , ( their company ) ( fill in the job your applying for ) ! they seemed ... i've known and worked with people with college degree's that didn't apply to their jobs . my wife spent 10 years of her life going to school because when her parents divorced when she was a teen ... words for it i wish i could take language and fold it like cool , moist rags . i would lay words on your forehead . i would wrap words on your wrists . x93there , there , x94 my words would sayx 96 or ... when i was kid riding my bike home with groceries ( vermont ) i found a baby skunk , no scent gland yet , and looked around for his mother , i couldn't find her so i put him in the bag and brought him ... my favorite shows were the x-files , unsolved mysteries , and sightings . and i wrote a book dark highway , utah's strange tales about local ghost stories , ufo's and monsters . plus , like some of you i ... nah , your not any kind of jerk , you handled a situation with a beggar , always a time to be cautious , in a non hostile way . this happens to me plenty of times . i balance this in my conscience by ... i once said something i thought might've hurt someone's feelings and was worried and glum half the day , later finding out he didn't even notice . ( relief ) sorry , i have a sense of humor that's way too dry , it is especially bad on facebook or here . thanks for the concern , i will try to remember to use an icon . :) i've had trouble with planners over the years , i always bought one as the ultimate act of hope , but then was guilty when each page wasn't full of action . now i simply buy cheap wire bound lined ... you carry a pocket knife all the time so when you see something like a news story about a soldier returning home , or a person saved by a fireman and thanks them , you can explain your crying with a ... i am wondering about infj's , and their career / jobs . nothing about earnings , just what do you do ? do you like it ? how long have you done it ? i've read online about suggested careers , and wondered ... you've got to speak up ( i just did ) if i say hi to someone ( a stranger ) i have literally forced myself out of my comfort zone to appear like a normal person . i have taken a vacation day from work and not told my wife so i can ... i don't know if this is infj , i have a broad collection of self improvement books , instructional how to , motivational etc . i always like to follow a procedure , until at least it proves to be ... the car is a common zone out spot for me , also a supermarket line , but that one is intentional to avoid frustration over coupon hoarders and so on . i think very visually , and talk fast , but i have ... nathan algren - ( tom cruise ) the last samurai john brennan - ( russell crowe ) the next three days atticus finch for me too , he's one of my fav's i'm going to get all jeff foxworthy and say , you might be an infj if you talk in the car a lot , but you're alone ! who am i lecturing ? no idea . dauntless i like it all , mosaic impressionism ! it's good mood art , and beautiful , nowadays everyone worships ugly art . player 2 has entered the game , you got work , player 2 has exited the game i'm no expert on modern dating , but i think four months is a long time , infj's are not looking to hook up with 15 women , they are looking for the one . if he's going to propose , he may plan a ... sometimes when i fly cross country at night , i look down on the small lights in towns , see a car moving , a single house , and wonder what their life is like , i'm from iowa , what's that like ? hello i'm dan , wake up please , ok , i'm an infj , so it's a big deal if i say hello to anyone , when i do i am literally forcing myself out of my psychosteel ( tm ) shell . i am almost 52 , but can't ... '