' one of my friends is an intp and it took us forever to get off the ground and really connect , but once we did ... the conversations never stop once they get going and ideas flow like water from ... so i know it's a slight revival but i have been gone and should herald my coming back within my own topic . i have missed seeing the different ideas and concepts thrown around by you , the other ... plenty of times , i'll start giggling to myself if i think about some weeks old joke that randomly crossed my mind and i think is hilarious . if i'm mad my body starts getting jumpy as my hands and ... i wish i could play the piano . such a lovely instrument that beautiful keyboard is . if i could only play my guitar . it sits there neglected . i did pick up writing again , that's a bonus , just need to ... laying in silence , i hold the hand of my fantasy lover as we stare up at the stars ahead . a small draft carries itself over our bodies as we huddle closer for warmth and for intimacy . together , as we ... alright , recently i had another interesting dream . this one made me cry as well for some reason or another . i was exceptionally gifted with psychokinetic powers and was part of this resistance ... work , work , wor - hey there's this theory floating on and on in my head as we think about the inconsistencies about the bowling ball my friend uses while on the team and if it would be possible to ... you couldn't have nailed it any better . anytime i try to tell others what i'm feeling i lose all traces of that feeling and just get lost in the thinking of it . i know when i feel depressed or ... why do i always suffer from just holding deep emotional convictions against myself when i see those i like with others ... ? envy is terrible for me and just twists my gut over and over no matter how ... my friend and i were just making this a recent topic of discussion as he has been reading leisurely through a book on calculus and mathematics of the past before calculus . zeno's paradox of movement ... mother - infp father - possibly istj brother - isfp me and my mother have always gotten along and as i grow older she seems to be the one i can collect my thoughts with and freely express myself ... i feel like i'm just sort of here , merely existing within this world and flowing through most of the motions of social formalities . i feel alive when i begin posting long walls of thoughts or when ... me and my friend ( also intp ) don't seem to break down useless coversations into games but we turn random thoughts into streams of theory and abstract ideas . today we disucussed the oddity of the ... i've gotten a recommendation for the wheel of time series before by an enlightening stranger i once met in a borders book store . might give that a shot . and i've been desiring to read asimov forever , ... i feel this way with the internet and reading as well . i used to spend all my elementary and middle-school years glued to books . i read the harry potter series as they came out year by year finishing ... my biggest weakness is my lack of prioritization coupled with constant procrastination . i honestly have gotten to the point that i tell myself i need to do something but go about not doing it ... my reason preventing me from suicide during manic bouts of deep depression was the constant line in my head there's still so much you have yet to do and so much you have yet to truly learn and ... i don't quite know if it relates but at school i have broken into a strange sense of goofiness with certain friends that i don't typically assume . as one of my friends quoted [ sparktrog ] , you are ... what does it take to get into someone's mind ? i don't mean simply just being a simple thought or mimicking them for analyzation's purpose ... i mean truly getting in there , swimming in the ever ... the best relationship in my life so far was an enfp . guess i wasn't too far off except that i always had issues expressing the complexity of my emotional processes ... to this day she still says ( yes , ... in bold are the things i connect with , those not in bold do not describe me . i do enjoy new and in-depth surveys and types about who i am , which only seems to get more complex with each one . i'd have to say a current three-way tie between ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QBwtHzdSFM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iCK2ltFavs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xS4e36B8NdI hufflepuff there are more stars in the universe than there are grains of sand on the earth . the visible universe is about 28 billion light years from side to side , meaning if you were to shine a light from ... i am looking only for jobs within scientific research and have narrowed it down between my top two loves ; 1 ) astronomer / cosmologist 2 ) chemical research ( organic or biochem with the intent to deal ... 1.how do you react when someone yells or raises their voice at you ? 1 ) if a random person or friend , i just stay silent as they yell and think about every flaw in their argument as it comes up , ... i need to stop getting tired when i get home from school and actually do both my homework and internship research i called myself a chameleon after hearing the song chameleon boy by blue october a few years back before i knew about this test . i knew i changed as social backgrounds changed but never had a word ... i've thought about that as well and it seems to make sense to me as well as i read over it . i've always felt , out of tune , outcasted from those around me , always sensing something that i can't seem ... always takes me back to younger days and to the time i broke my wrist . not fun , but good memory none-the-less . i like to swing at night more than anything though , each time i go up in a forward ... today i laughed at the mental image of micro-bacteria that developed in my head . i was listening intently to a speech between my friend and the science fair director at our school discuss the ... our eldest dog when she senses i'm upset or sick will come and lay in my room . the other dogs will do this for attention at random points , but she comes only to my room when i am in desperate need of ... my heart's longing for someone to take away my loneliness . to rid me of these dark feelings that constantly invade and brood withing my mind youtube - from the bottom of my heart by the wallfowers ... easily i can say that i look for a connection to the song / band / artist through the lyrics of my music . my favorite band being blue october with all his deeply felt emotions and battles with insanity ... let the music flow through you , let the waves of sound pulse through the very veins within your fragile body . the music shall relax you , it shall transport you to a heightened feeling of euphoria and ... i say liberal based on the ideals i have developed in my mind for a free and peaceful society . i do not close my mind based on these principles though within politics for i look at the state of my ... that's what i assumed from everything i've read and seen about intps . that we are generally , if not openly funny , then witty and holding a good funny bone . being ones to laugh silently about a joke ... i aware of what dreams are and i've searched for meaning in it over and over again . most times i come to a few conclusions , 1 ) it is my subconscious and conscious self agreeing on the feelings of ... this has happened to me countless times ... and it just furthers my depression sometimes . well i know it'll sound weird but i'll detail my dreams then , but be ready for a lengthy read ; typically ... eh , i take it as it is and try not to let my allergies bog me down . thanks for thinking about giving me a hug : tongue : highly , highly , highly liberal . all in all ? 2010 was a majorly depressing and horrible year for me . i've developed into a different person because of it , became more social as to stay away from my house as often as possible ... you ... i love you :) i typically do not have / remember my dreams . most probably because i never seem to get enough sleep in an average night . yet , when i do they are extremely vivid , enlightening , deep in meaning , and ... how come when i am dead tired from the day , i go lay down and sleep for only 4 hours at night ? yet when i stay up all night til the sun comes up and then go to bed , i sleep for 10 or 12 hours ? why is it that anytime i feel like a wonderful thought is coming to my head , i rush to write it down or type it in this forum and then just delete it or lose grasp on the thought ? as if it dissipates ... whats your best and worst subject ? best subject during this year is my chemistry class , worst would have to be spanish 3 . why do you like them ? ] i absolutely love the processes involved before ... often told that i am highly intelligent , confident , funny , honest , a nerd ( good connotation typically ) , or just a quiet and reserved person . sometimes i've been told that the first impression ... oldest of me and my brother . family of introverts . me-intp brother - isfp ( we've always been complete opposties in everything we do ) mother - infp father - dunno , but probably istx parents have ... if he needs to start with the step of walking outside , i'd say he has to learn to crawl first ... '