' possibly the most entj thing to ever happen to me happened last friday . in a national listserv of others in my profession i spouted off some opinion telling someone why believed their opinion was ... not something i said - so much as a feeling ... went to the continuation ceremony for the 8th graders from the youth group i volunteer with and got sooo annoyed that the ceremony took a good 5-10 ... ha ! i got typed as an intp recently too - i mean , maybe a p , just because of my adhd and the questions asked on the particular survey ... but me as an i anything is laughable ! exactly ! and this is what i was guilty of before . i changed from my biochem / med school path in high school largely because of these concerns only to end up at 31 single and childless as ever . had i ... i think , true to my entj nature , i feel like i've done about as much as i can in my current position . i am limited by space - which is controlled at the board level - so i have no control and ... 1 ) i think i've definitely encouraged some kids to love reading - but mostly i'm preaching to the converted - people who already read to their kids , who value education , that's why they come to the ... apart from semis on the highway and getting meningitis , an aneurysm or an inoperable brain tumor - i used to most fear becoming a spinster ... but now that i feel like i already am a spinster i fear ... yeah , the other one was an infp ... so i'm trying to avoid investing to much in infxs at the moment jonathan would be a weird name for a girl ... but i'm glad things are going well with your ... lol . the weirdest mistype i ever got was intp . me being an i anything is just too hilarious to even consider ! but i was somewhat pleased that despite the mis-type i retained my nt status ... even ... be prepared i hope for the best and prepare for the worst , but i don't let all the possible hazards bother me . i consider the possibility of the most likely hinderances and have plans a , b and c ... this ! especially the male ones . if an entj really likes you - you will know because he will tell you or otherwise do something about it . we don't just sit around and not do things - getting s * * t ... not a relationship question so much a relationship observation . i saw this on thought catalog today - it is so much yes . even though the title is the broader ambitious girls - i can't think of many ... this . this . all of this ! ( and this is probably why the friend that has been most supportive and there for me in the ways i've needed has not been the infj , infp or enfp i would have expected - but my ... i suspect a little of both ... yes ! i love travel ! i hate the hurry up and wait of air travel , but i will tolerate it if it gets me to where i'm going fastest . i am currently working towards setting foot on all 7 continents ... 7-8 hours consistently . i usually try to be in bed by 10 and asleep by 11 , wake up at 7 every day . sometimes , if i'm out with friends , i'll go to bed later and sleep in a bit the next day - but i try ... honestly , no , thank heavens . the one job i was ever released from was on specious terms to say the least , and it was an entry level position . since finding a career i genuinely enjoy i have not had ... this january i lost my ( intj ) father to cancer . because i was so like him in many external and internal ways , and had been closer to him than my mom for most of my life because of that , it's been a ... i'd say that is definitely accurate of me ... though , again , i have gotten more in touch with my feelings over the years ( and that is healthy development for an entj - ... i think the biggest thing that tells me i am actually and entj and not an enfj despite sharing some similar strengths is the whole extraverted feeling function . for instance : the enfj may feel ... yeah . i find that almost no one really understands me ... at least a few people try . well , it depends on which version of the test . i get 8w1 as a top 3 result regardless , but one version said 2w3 ... um , thanks . i mean , i can only take credit for the name . but i like colorado too . it's why i , you know , live here and all . :) bwa ha ha ha ... yeah istjs would be too busy judging you for ... my dad died . he noticed i was sad and offered to make time to talk . i told him i wasn't sure if his offer was one i could take because for me i only felt safe to open up with that stuff with friends ... yes to all of this ... and i think it can give people the impression that i am this incredibly open person ... maybe even too open ... i have no sense of mystery ... but in point of fact the circle ... had a dream about my infj last night ... we were hanging out in some hotel or something it seemed like ( maybe a hostel common room ? ) ... in any case it was a living space that was not in either of ... i pulled quotes from a longer email - the full email included that i would like to be friends with him in the way that i am friends with his ( intj ) roommate - with whom i am very close . he is ... thanks for this ! one of the people who burned me is an infj ... when he opens up i take that very much as an intimacy thing , but it was a level of intimacy in our friendship that was not in fact ... dear infj , your pride is leaving a bone yard in your wake . dear esfj , i love spending time with you , but i'm still not sure you can handle being one of my most intimate friends . despite ... dear feeling types , tread lightly my feeling-type friends when you emote with your thinking-type friends ... to us that is a sign of intimacy , because for us feelings are shared with very few ... i feel that you are asking for more of me than i am willing to give . while i will continue to pray and do my best to encourage you through the many ways we serve together , i don ’ t believe i am the ... he texted that he appreciated the email but hasn't had time to fully read it yet , will try to respond by tomorrow afternoon ... at least i've already resigned myself to the idea that he doesn't ... so i went by his place to drop off the study guide for the bible study we co-lead this evening . i almost wanted to just knock , open the door and leave the book on the floor , but then decided that ... lol . you're totally right in my playing a part , which i totally cop to - for sure . i'd actually been talking to his roommate about that a couple weeks ago in the aftermath of an earlier run away ... it's not so much that i want more ... i'd love more ... but over the last few weeks i've really been content to just be friends ... but i want to be good close friends . i'd like to have the kind of ... yeah , part of me wants to just strike a match and watch the bridge burn . if he is so prideful and shallow that he can't see what amazing person he has right in front of him , then maybe he doesn't ... true . i had thought about clarifying that in the original , but being all entj i went for brevity . ;) but yes , i intended the fullest meaning of listening - as in full attentiveness and appreciation ... ack ! ! he is doing the run away thing - again . at first i thought it was me . but we've had this conversation twice and i've made it abundantly clear that i am not trying to pursue a relationship with ... dear intj , thank you for being such a fabulous friend . thank you for thinking like me . thank you for understanding . thank you for listening . thank you for knowing exactly how to make me laugh ... not an intj , but knowing my dad and best guy friend who are , among the most offensive things to them is feeling like they are not being listened to when they speak . you've resigned yourself to probably being single for the rest of your life because you realize that no mere man can break and bridle a unicorn . alternative rock commute ( amazon playlist ) honestly , probably mostly flattered , and just a little annoyed ... depending on how they went about it . if they really want my attention they should just ask me out - i would appreciate their ... only english fluently , but working towards spanish fluency . just fine . i think . one of my good female friends is an esfj . but my mom is an isfj , so maybe i've got a leg up from having grown up with that ... i probably wouldn't seek out sf friends , but i like ... one of the most annoying things at your work is the inefficiency of the other staff in morning / opening duties - even when you have told them , more than once , how to make it better . it does for me . i'm a 2w3 or 3w2 ( depends on which version of the test ) , 8w1 ... so i don't think it's just a 1 thing - i think it's an fi thing ... and sentimentality in entjs has been well noted , ... 1 ) thanks to these boards and my one nt friend , i can feel myself coming out of this rut i feel i've been in since august ... suddenly i am liking myself and liking being an entj again - even if it ... dupe , removed . the thats illogical variant - continuous questioning of the other person to gather info - then disregards the other person's feelings and morals as illogical um , i'm with the others who say ... intj . for sure . but i've been good friends with a few intps as well . '