' i'm going to be honest ... i only come here when i'm super bored . i think cleaning my room is higher on the priority list than perc . not trying to say that this place isn't interesting and insightful ... they don't even dance ? ! ? they might not be human lmao . i had a fun college experience but it wasn't an ivy league school so the atmosphere was a lot more relaxed . we were always partying , clubbing , ... i usually respond with the squeeze of death or a judo throw ! most people prefer the boa constrictor hug though lol 1 . unplug the tv and start moving . start exercising everyday . it doesn't matter if you're doing some sport casually , hitting the weights , or going for a run ... you just need to get moving . but this ... why stop at perc ? let's go big ! here's what i have in mind ... step one : conquer perc step two : rule the universe who's down ? ! ? ! real recognize real ! awesome question ! to put it simply all i want in life is a cool crew , laughter , and adventure ! jam out on guitar / ukulele while singing badly , dance ? , mma on punching bag , bodyweight home workouts , jump rope for cardio , maybe invite a few friends over , put on a funny movie .. something like hot ... 1 . sorry for what ? party rocking ? ! uh .. idk .. i'm usually not sorry unless i break something ? 2 . accept it and follow up with a joke or be direct and reject it 3 . if they constantly fk up and ... ew i hate stereotypes . they're somewhat true but a little bit exaggerated and it leans towards bad vibes . anyways its more like calculated risks , enjoys the thrill of life , and assertive / straight ... didn't understand the question but here i go . if there's something that i really want , i'll do pretty much whatever it takes or die trying . i can block out distractions and focus on the task at ... sports for sure . basketball , tennis , volleyball , wrestling , boxing , track and field ect ect . didn't like english , too symbolic and pretty much bs to me . history was cool , but got boring if stayed on ... parties / kickbacks , mma gyms , concerts , clubs , bars . anywhere that has a social environment and keeps people moving . and don't worry , we'll get your attention first . whatever we're doing in the ... ooh monemi the pool shark . keep that hustlin ' going lol wow you're dumb , im done ... damn you're a beast omg chasingclouds , you asshole / douche / bitch / mofo ! shut the hell up ! you're so loud / annoying these are recent ones lol . i know my ... there's no secret . we're just excited about new challenges . any other mindset like nervousness will only hold you back if you back stab me , bs a lot and lie to me , pick on weaker people , or do something at the expense of someone else for your own personal gain . if you're willing to do this at a small degree ... it ... damn thread is too long , dont want to read . wish i could figure out what lead up to you drunk texting and hating him so much lol get outside your comfort zone and you won't have time to sleep =) was good at reading people . got into psychology because it was easy to understand and make sense of everything . found out about this test and found this forum . use this forum when i'm bored as fk , ... wouldn't two estps have mutual respect for each other and just get along instead of intimidating each other ? that's how i see it playing out in my head at least but who knows ... soo many things to do , can't believe you can get bored lol . pick up games at parks ? go to sports pub if too lazy ? dont care about pubs then trying hiking . go skydiving or bungee jumping if you're an ... i have a huge ass ego and this is because i'm confident in my skills and myself as a person . why wouldn't you though , embrace yourself as a person because you're gonna have to do it for like 50 years ... kkking you don't know how to be yourself ? ... are you too self conscious or something ? maybe that's why when you're drunk everyone starts to love you because you loosen up . girls aren't some alien ... he's not scared of you , that's for sure . but i don't think he's looking for a relationship with you since he's not interested / chasing , maybe fwb at most . and for the not ignoring thing , i pretty much ... oh no wonder ... i didn't know what this was and people kept talking about it on this forum lol . well atleast i know now : tongue : you are a type 3 with a 2 wing : the charmer your trifix is ... ooh , i like movies too ... they're the best ! ! anyways , why don't you try to compromise with him instead of coming up with useless strategies like peer pressure and murder lol . it doesn't seem like ... hate to admit it , but those are pretty spot on . i don't like emotions because its all drama to me , like being impulsive and doing whatever makes me feel good ( random purchases like cool toys ) , ... apparently i do accidental flirting . i'm not looking for a relationship but my friends say i'm always trying to lead girls on and flirt a bunch with them . i'm honestly just being myself by just ... who are you talking to vinniebob not trying to bash on intjs but the one i know hates people / society , has an elitist attitude , socially awkward , has a really dark humour . i don't even know how we get along so well or even met , maybe ... imo she'll be fine , just needs alone time . just make sure you go say hi or something from time to time because being alone + negative thoughts aren't a good combo . and don't worry about if you're ... obviously schooling isn't high in priorities for her now , some other issue took over . sounds like she is breaking away from school and slowly going into social isolation . i'm just going to assume she ... ahaha , thanks for the warm welcomes and funny responses everyone . i'll be sure to stick around and make everyone's day brighter =) i'm only 21 , so this is pretty much me 2 years ago . failed 2 semester in a row and i decided to go to work for one semester since for the time being . during this time i would figure out what i want ... basically a delinquent in high school . i liked to poke at any loopholes and see how far i could go , this was mainly towards authority figures and the law . although i knew i could get into some deep ... hip-hop / rap ( mac miller , lil wayne , kanye west , eminem , drake , ect ) , edm , or mainstream pop are mainly what i listen to . i get shit for it by my real musician friends but idgaf its catchy and shit ... just kidding ! just charming and like pushing people's buttons anyways , time to be self-centered and talk about myself . so i joined like 2-3 weeks ago after i found out i was an estp and it all ... nymeria knows whats up . travel into new worlds , meet awesome people , learn new skills , experience the wind ocean and land , live the adventure ! good for you for pursuing school , but not knowing ... seems like everyone here , including me , hates cardio and running long distances except for tawanda lolol cool ! a sports thread ! ! well in freshman year of highschool i played tennis in varsity level my first year ! roger federer is crazy btw . picked it up really fast but eventually quit because the ... oops bad word choice on my part . moving on means forgiving , letting go of stuff , walking down different paths blah blah blah . but when i said move on i meant like sweeping it under the rug and ... lol same situation happened with me . dropping friends out of my life is easy as snapping my fingers , which is what i did . but when i do drop friends , there's a good reason to it . and i'll most likely ... ahaha i see . not surprised because i'm a bit desensitized but your lifestyle did spark my curiosity . a little bit too dark and eerie for me though . but hey , whatever floats your boat ! get it ? because ... so the room with hanging limbs and a chained up corpse that's rotting away counts as decoration ? you have got to be fucking with me . wtf happened up there with all those pictures ? ? yup , i'll only help a select few of really close friends if they really needed it . the rest of my friends , not worth it . and yeah , i talk big so it makes me look better in social situations . most of ... really ? that's weird because i rarely get to experience hate from people . usually i get along with everyone and we all have fun . the only haters i've ever come across are people who are condescending ... dude you don't even know . this house would be the ultimate house where you can do anything ! giant pool that can shoot out waves , a room filled with trampolines , rocks on the wall so i can rock climb , ... league of legends because all my friends play it . actually got pretty high ranking in that game and played alongside pro-gamers but after a while it gets boring . rather be outside doing stuff instead ... '