' hehehe my infj has the same problem--i have to remind him to eat and look after himself . i honestly do the same thing quite a bit ( i test with really high fe quite often ) , and so it's really nice ... so it's been a rather rough year for me relationship-wise , but the good part of all the turmoil is that i had a chance to experience being with different types of people . so i think it's been ... be afraiiid be very afraid . we do ! i think we especially like unicorns . in particular unicorns that face off against angry red bulls . i'm moving tomorrow and my intp is getting up really ... yes , i imagine that's similar to what my isfp is feeling . he loves me and if i were staying i believe we would be together . fortunately i am actually moving to arizona now and not hawaii . tucson to ... hahahahaha that actually sounds like a good way to capture me xd . we were actually introduced by a friend and he willingly pursued me ! he used the telephone and invited me outside for dates ! ... you know after we broke up , we basically got back together . and then i was recently in an awful roll-over car accident . he took care of me , took time off of work to stay home with me , and took me to ... you know after we broke up , we basically got back together again without the label . and then i was recently in an awful roll-over car accident . he took care of me , took time off of work to stay home ... just stopping by to say that you guys are interesting . i haven't met many intps , but i recently started dating one casually . the secondary ne is very fun with my primary ne ! i'm also really sarcastic ... if you both rank your scores from highest to lowest i can tell you how they probably came to those conclusions . i also don't line up perfectly as an enfp on such tests , but i always have ne and fi as ... some interesting links and points guys ! it's funny ... no one can agree ! and i suppose sadly , there is in fact no enfp in the 100 acre wood :( i've actually had someone not be able to compute their results because they were too equally high on everything . i'd go back and make sure which ones are really exactly you , and which ones are not , ... i'd say that you have to look at it from an fp sort of perspective . i can at last speak for the enfps in that we often need to talk out loud in order to process our feelings or problem solve . when we ... well there have been posts about this before , but since there's a new movie out , it's time to readdress the types of the winnie the pooh characters ! ! i guess the real question is ... are there any ... i hate being judged . i sometimes feel these same frustrations . in some ways , the fact that i've wandered through different career paths has been advantageous for me--it helped me get into some prestigious phd programs ... personally i like this test keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes because it gives you your individual function scores :) i love enfp passions ! learning languages teaching languages linguistics neuroscience audiology learning computer languages making electronic music writing novels i'm a two ! ! :D lolololololol how many of you are writers ? what are you working on writing right now ? i know how you feel , mine just broke up with me too :( yeah , he broke up with me . i am the sad :( yeah , he broke up with me :( i actually really enjoy programming for whatever reason . i do mainly computational linguistics tasks , so i stick to scripting languages for the most part . i typically use python and ruby , and in ... i'd agree that hemispheric lateralization , especially in terms of personality variables , is heavily misunderstood and overrated in popular media . obviously some things truly are lateralized ( although ... indeed , language is a different beast . i teach english as a second language , and i constantly tell students that in most cases effective communication is more important than grammatical accuracy . i ... i think you have to more narrowly define psychology . psychology is an enormous field , of which neuroscience fits into ... physiological psychology , cognitive neuropsychology , and so forth are extremely ... i think a lot of us enfps have fairly well developed te . i would actually consider my te fairly well developed . academically i use it to analyze data structures logically , and professionally i use it ... it's true that there's some research regarding mbti and language learning styles , but there is definitely more work to be done . some of it is beginning to be on the older side , and with limited ... here's hoping they were just being silly ... we do that . most of us enfps hide some pretty sharp intelligence . it's impossible . just give in and date and have fun with it . estj engineers nom nom nom nom . i'm very organized , i almost always wear black ( and get pissed off when people comment on it all the time ) , i've gotten a reputation of being the mean teacher at work ( especially lately--i can't ... so many theories , so little time . it's all about that fi and that te ... dynamite . there is no dana , only zuul . enfps are supposed to be people lovers . and , i think we are . or maybe most of you are , at least . i think i do love people . i get lonely when no one wants to talk with me or spend time with me , ... i can imagine ... i can barely debug small scripting programs ! * dancing * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EJUCkSMN4k i love that you went back to fix it ! <3 ahh , programmers , how i envy your attention to details xd meat robots ! i have no mouth but i must scream xd i wouldn't say , at least personally , that there's a single person that i rely on for any type of needs . it's more of just a general feeling of being responsible for , even when you logically don't ... i too grew up with drug addicts as parents , and codependency is a common side effect of this . i feel like you understand my point of view perfectly ! it's weird to have this feeling of needing ... it likely depends on what language you are attempting to learn . being a linguist and a language teacher , i can say that the acquisition of a complex and radically different syntax ( such as the ... using shakespeare has too many details xd me too :) i like what you said ; it's like a poem <3 i don't have to ask if anyone here has problems paying attention to details--enfps are just notorious for being great with the big picture and moving on before messing with those pesky little ... i find that i have a lot of codependency issues , which as i suspected is a bit unnatural for an enfp . i usually test as having a lot of fe as my fourth function instead of si , so that could be ... i've lived with and dated infjs , and i will say they seem to be more astute at realizing that i'm upset than any other type . unfortunately , as i've mentioned in some posts , that also seems to make ... i think i often avoid making plans till the last minute in the first place , so i usually just clarify that upfront . like okay , i really want to hang out with you , but i have a lot of social ... this is totally me . new things are always most exciting when they are ... new . in general i don't think it's a bad thing , but i do sometimes get jealous of my friends that are more focused than i am . i ... '