' we may be known as the most extroverted type of introverts but we are also known as the most hidden . that dose not mean we hid in caves tho ... just houses or nature ... occasionally a good cave here ... ok , i dont drink coffee allot but when i do it depends on my mood , when im in a normal mood i drink a frapachino , when i am in a relaxed or wise mood i drink chi tea ( they sell it at starbucks so if ... of course ... maybe ? i will cross that road when i get to it ( probably not , i will find other ways to make them talk ) hi , im semi new ( been here for 2 weeks , so still fresh ) . how do you do ? , have you made any new friends ? this place is like a non violence group ( that means only 75 % non violent , it is in inevitable ... i try ... people change the topic fast ! i dont know why . i guess they are not interested . too bad . please do not read this . regardless that there is nothing stopping you from reading this , other than this warning : what i wrote here is garbage . you will not like it . it is a selfish post so i can ... well mynick name is joe ( because i look white ) , ive been called bowling ball ( my mom says my head is as hard as a bowling ball ) , ive been called angel ( several people used to call me that , but i did ... wake up ... wake up ... wake up ... go to school with clothes on ... i wonder how it would be to hang out with hitler if he spoke english ... ive heard that people of his time thought he was fun ... whats ... wow ... i could not have put that better my self , i am a teenager too and i feel as you put it i'll either act way too excited or emotionless pretty much everything you describe i go through too . i ... i used to enjoy porn too , then i started feeling a bit repulsed ( its all about the money shot , no emotions ) . actual emotions from other people , now that is much better than porn . : blushed : , ( i giggled inside ) thank you all for answering these questions ( not that you need to stop ) i can imagine how awkward it must feel to publicly post something as personal as question 2 , 6 , ... fellow infj here and the point of this tread and possibly more in the future is to gather information on us and what we have in-common . mostly silly things i thought would be fun to know :) ok ... 1 . this week i will talk to that intimidating officer about my stolen bike ! 2 . this week i will do 500 weight sit-ups in 5 sets of 100 with no more than 60 second breaks in-between ( not sure how ... it was hard to see up there http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/555604_457478234285217_2141826787_n.jpg ok , so recently i had seen a what i do poster for enfj and thought we should make some too ! ! ! i always find these funny so lets try it . ill start us off ( note : you may not like all images ... i always thought of my self as an omega wolf . http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSo6ENVEj90_v3nZHBFQqkOnTFFtqfV_-Lam719WnkdSEnaz0T6sw thank you all for the helpful advice and for the luck wishing . i will take your advice and slow things down . :p roud : intro : hi , i am a 17year old male who deeply cares about a girl who i believe to be 87 % close to what i imagine as the one . and i am still verifying the other 13 % . it is rare for me to let someone ... adhd , more letters means less friends hi im new to the forum and i noticed this so here goes my venting ... its about a girl who i like . my sister says i get obsessed about this girl but id like to say im infatuated with her . i ... searching . i like dating older more experienced females ( basically one who will take the lead ) . im not saying i want to date far out of my age range 1-2 year at most . my first ex was 2 years younger ( kind of ... hahaha i alredy have a high fe i dont have high energy to spend on multiple people . one on one i feel like james bond : wink : ik , :( i just wish i had the capacity to hold multiple conversations . but i wold not change a single thing about me . well super charming around parties would be a cool power or reading minds ... wait ... i don't like religion , too much conflict . plus i have my doubts . i like to think that nature has some sort of control over earth ( not people ) and i like to think that every thing we do and will ever ... yes , infact i work at an animal hospital . i take care of the animals . and on top of that i have pets at home that i take care of . we like 2 types damsel in distress and the inspirational scientist ... ok i am not sure if its cool or not to post on your own thread but i found out that eminem ( infj ) had an accident when he was young and needed surgery of the brain . this is getting weird ... hi , this is probably a coincidence but ive heard of a coupe of infjs that my friend knew . he said that both of them had been sent to the hospital because their brain needed surgery . one was 3 and the ... dear eminem i write and write why you never write back ? , sincerely stan rip dear super cute entp pink haired chemistry girl of my dreams that some how escaped into reality and enjoys talking to me , when i call you giggle and smile when we talk you listen and i listen ... omg i always try to act extroverted , talk to multiple peps ( never . ever . works . ) . i end up being awk or just silent . ok good - when inspired anything is possible and can be done from 2-30 minutes im told im a great , amazing , oh my ghawsh kisser and ive called a couple of them on it and they tell me there not ... well i recently talked to this girl i like so im feeling pumped here is what i feel like eminem - cinderella man but 70 % of the time i feel like this ( with out the drugs , mostly the lonesomeness ) ... well i dont know about estps but all infjs can think is how to impress their partner . things didnt work out between that entp ( she broke it off ) . but i know i am persuing another entp and all i can do ... i ment it as a reply to name . you can suprise entp with effort and it all pays off i know what you mean , i went on a date with an entp and i took her to a park , then another park and behind that park was an italian resturant . and ofcoure she wanted to pay when she said that i did ... hi i am not an entp i am infj ( 17 male ) . but your title was interesting ... any way the from my point of view it seems like you need space away from her and getting over her . ( no more flirting ) you ... the beginning : i am 17 ( august 25 ) . i was born in panama and speak spanish ( look white tho ) . raised by single parent . still in communication with the other tho ( they ended it and are friends still ) ... procrastination , perfectionist , and being a romantic ( you'd be surprised how badly this backfires ) . 4458644588 4458944590 44592 4457844579 4458044581 44582 hi i am brand spankin new to personality cafe ( been reading for a while tho ) . guilty pleasures : - reading anything that has to do with infjs - eminem . 44 difrent mixtapes 8 studio albums . listend to ... '