' 4w5 and i'll still probably never completely understand the enneagram ... i'm a teacher so i have to learn to be in the spotlight regularly . i think many who get into teaching enjoy being a teacher for the sake of being at the front of the class . personally , that means ... personally , i would say that the worst thing about mbti as an isfp is how difficult it is to land at a type and be sure about it . i would expect that the reason many isfp's don't go for mbti is for ... istp on and off for about 10 years . pretty sure about isfp now , still not completely comfortable with it though . reading . video games . very long walks . making fire . running / weights . driving in my car . finding a large empty woodland area and walking until nobody else is around - continue walking to enjoy pure ... a deep richly green forest , spanning out for endless miles without a soul in sight ... or is that just rather where i'd like to be right now ? we are the clique that hates cliques , won't be part of a clique , or upon realizing we have inadvertently joined one we quickly reject all stereotypes that belong to said clique . this is my idea of retirement . 76318 seriously though , i think retirement is a very attractive idea . to be able to have both time and money to go and pursue all the hobbies i want to sounds ... what he said . the beauty about this is that if you really are an istp , now that you understand ' how it works ' ( do look up the ti se ni fe functions and study them well ) you will just have to ... i'm still not sure what type she is in all honesty . i've gone from thinking enfp -> esfp and now maybe even isfp . sorry i can't help you on your research . i'm a man . i proposed . there was no squealing . true story . did i get stressed out at school ? yeah , sometimes i suppose . i think when i got most stressed out it was because of an awareness of my acute lack of interest in most of what was being taught ... i think that the way i talk when explaining a situation can sound rather ' intuitive ' , and so that can make people misrepresent me as one . i tend to jump around a lot and somewhat struggle to get to ... ofc . : laughing : much like our istp counterparts i think we can have an ' on / off ' switch when it comes to personal interest in a project or person . it's either that i'm completely uninterested in ... usually they are rather damaged individuals who start off as rather self-centred but eventually come around somewhat . typically rather bad-ass , but with more tender hearts when you get to know them ... nothing quite like a good ol ' stereotype ey ? my understanding from the op is that there is flirting in the relationship , mutual flirting . every relationship i've seen has had flirting in it ( it's ... i feel more comfortable as a generalist , but the reality of life has led me down the path of more of a specialist lately . i'm now a teacher . as for the generalist ability to become a leader , ... haha , i'm far too lazy for that . plus , i don't think i am always really nice to others by the standards of the world . deep down my intentions are very good , but the way i interact with others does ... after much reading , here's another confirmed esi . : happy : it seems that they are not so rare in this discussion anyway ! in regards to the inferior te , i guess i just didn't think my weakest ... that sir , was one badass ostrich ... what she said ... if you know me then i'm soft-hearted , if you don't then you'll think i'm hard-hearted . truth is i never intend to come across in such a negative way towards strangers , it's just ... okay , so this is going to sound rather arrogant , but i think that those with fi as a dominant function could be known for their integrity . to me it figures that if our primary function is based ... ni is a powerful force , with great power comes ... if you want to lead him to think that you're interested , go with that for a while . i say enjoy the fun that you can have together before rushing ... as always , these kind of conversations are difficult to have without actually meeting the guy in person . it could be either way . have you thought to trust that amazing power of intuition you infj's ... i think it depends on the person . i'll try and suss a person out pretty quickly , and if they seem suspicious in their motives for getting to know me , then the wall goes waaay up . if i get on well ... alone time is going to make me a better person to be around when i emerge from my shell . i do enjoy alone time for my own sense of happiness , but i think it is also because i don't want to be a ... ditto to this . personally i find communication with people ( even those closest to me ) to be quite difficult per se . if i have to describe a past event , especially one a long way back then it's ... 54051 just to mix things a up a bit ... 1 . when younger i often packed my bag with ' essentials ' and headed for the hills . i got to the end of the road and came back . does that count at all ? seriously though , i think escapist thoughts come ... wow , that post was uncanny . i too am 26 , and i can relate to almost everything you have written there . which certainly surprises me ! even the xsxp thing is where i've been on a number of occasions . i ... thanks for the post . now , when i read what you've written i relate heavily to the way that you live your life . i think what i'm struggling with here is differentiating between choices made by ... true enough , about the ' you are what you are ' . i've tried a number of different tests , not to ' define ' myself , but to just gain a better understanding of how my brain works , and how to help further ... dear isfpx 92s , ix92m afraid itx 92s another one of those x91am i an isfp ? x92 threads that requires your help ! i took the official mbti test about 7 years ago now and tested as an istp with borderline f / t ... the kingkiller chronicles book series . name of the wind , wise man's fear , and the yet to be released final book . it'd be awesome if done right , but perhaps a little difficult to adapt it for the ... i was one of those crazy people who really enjoyed running so much that i used the treadmill incessantly despite the monotony of the experience . then i went and screwed my leg up so badly on a ... 1 . don't date yet . just really don't . it's all so much drama , and very little reward . wait until you're 21 ... or ... 25 , or just whenever you've finally matured some more . it'll all make so much more ... ditto to this . i do concern myself sometimes though . the voices ... the voices ... a few years ago i was with some friends on safari in africa . early in the morning our guide had pointed out some leopard trails just outside our house . the girls ran in suddenly aware of the wildlife ... it's my understanding that we avoid people , and that people avoid us too ... truth is , i actually enjoy being around people . i just get tired rather quickly from it . that , and i'm rather selective ... twenty five , wanting to return back to eighteen again . when i had a goatee i was told i looked well into my thirties . now post-goatee , i'm told i just look the age that i am . it get's me every time . the human to dog bond sure is a strong one ... probably the same as everyone else , but just far less often , because our threshold for pain seems to be higher .. but especially . - intense suffering of others . ( i mean real suffering . like wait ... i don't usually think that much about lyrics , it's more about the beat and sound of the song . daft punk - harder , better , faster , stronger ( represents my ambition to master skills , and get ... all the best with the novel . i hope some of the following answers help ... 1 ) do homosexual istps even exist ? of course , homosexuals of all types exist , but you all are so chill and don't bother ... well , it looks like i'm the first person who feels they ' need ' to have a watch on . i wear it constantly , and get kinda obsessed with doing things according to a ( my own ) time schedule . but then ... nah , i can't stand it . 32 , and the 4 i got wrong i wasn't initially convinced on either . seems like i'm pretty good at this sorta thing . ditto to mxzcct's number one . plus , the fear of being paralysed . if i can't use my body properly , i think i'd quickly get very depressed . very good site . many thanks ! i understand your point . but i have seen a few people on this forum argue that istp doesn't actually equal istj . although the descriptions seem similiar , is it really as simple as just converting ... '