' ^ this is thinking . for the si , sensation is subjected into an abstract place . si does not and cannot think , decide , plan , account , strategize . it filters sensation through an abstract ideal , not ... if the question is did i technically tell an untruth ? then i suppose the answer is ' no ' . however , word-lawyering aside , it seems likely that what your friend was trying to say is that you were ... in our culture , lots of women have sex with lots of men ... psychopathic or not . i am talking about successful strategies in a competition and how social cultures prevent antisocial behavior from ... right , but there won't be any kids . there are a few reasons for this . first , it screws over the woman so back in the good ol ' days you either : 1 ) couldn't engineer this scenario in the first ... i agree that empathy itself is not required ... but i'd argue that having empathy grants an advantage in a highly social environment . that is to say , the natural instinct and urge for selective ... antisocial behavior , and lack of empathy would be aggressively and universally selected against in the development of the species . lack of empathy for one's mate , kin , and children is a massive ... i don't know what your symptoms are , so i can't comment until i hear them , but i think disorders are those things which make you unable to function or make you do harm or unable to gain ... well , i think that while the dsm is anything but perfect , it has the virtue of being a standard from which to operate . if you can't be correct , at least be coherent . i'd rather that then people being ... i don't think he is a psychopath . psychopaths lack empathy , urge control , prone to violence and lacking in foresight . a perfect example of a psychopath is tuco from breaking bad . highly ... but the implication here is that ne = fun and fe = serious and that isn't the case at all . enfp being fun zany and esfj being serious judgmental is an mbti thing ( i guess ? ) and false . i like to ... obama is an enfj . i said so in dark throbbing-but-dead heart of this thread , and i must say it again . i'll quote me : above all , he is an fe-dom . that is , he is one who is objective and ... just finished reading the extended phenotype , having already read the selfish gene . dawkins is , without question , a ti dom . all of his science revolves around abstraction and modelling . again ... that is the type i have for her . however , i have to admit that i haven't done due diligence there . she immediately struck me as istj in interviews and music and i just wrote her off as istj and moved ... ... right , and i consider this to be superficial . i say that she is expressing nuance and rumination of feeling with her words . her feelings are contradictory and abstract and thus fi . you say she ... fi types are definitely aware of the emotional atmosphere around them . very much so . just like ti is aware of whether things around them do or do not make sense . is ti unable to comprehend logic as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thG5ev3R1jY can you show me the parts that you consider to be particularly indicative of ne dominance ? what i see is a normal kid ... probably an ambivert and a ... in this you come across primarily as a thinker . moral code or not . do you spend more mental effort ruminating on nuance of feeling , or do you spend more time thinking logically ? which comes more ... why se in roccoco ? i rather saw an alienation with se in that song . him standing aside things we'd associate with se and being sort of antagonistic toward it . anyway , win butler is definitely ... bob dylan , in that era , was freaking ridiculous . i remember watching this documentary - sort of day in the life thing - in college that was supposed to show us this great artist , but he just ... she is definitely oddly mature for her age ... but , i think that is just her . i don't think anyone would argue that she is unique and exceptional . i love her music so much . i listen to her ... fi - depth an nuance of feeling - very personal and subjective . se - dynamic engagement of external objects , earnestly and aggressively seeking for experience and experiences . ni - deep subjective ... i guess it depends on how you define truth , which can be defined in lots of ways . i don't see what any of this has to do with arrogance , but if you mean to say that empirical understanding can't ... it is not arrogant to say that science is the only way to search for truth ... mainly because science does limit itself to things that can be empirically understood . there is no arrogance in this . it ... but , it is the end all be all of knowledge ... by definition . it is the search for truth . it does this by eliminating bullcrap through certain logical means . it cannot be arrogant . the dogged ... from a function perspective , you are telling us that you are an si / ne and an fe / ti . from an mbti perspective ... you are going to x out on at least the n / s dichotomy ( meaning you will hit in ... i enjoyed reading each and every response to this thread . it is not the protector function . at all . i'll quote jung : so , the more the object requires of it , the more it will resist or go cold . so long as the object does not impose itself too ... disgust ... infp ? seems odd to type as ne-dom a character whose main arc is her inability to cope with change and unable to see the potentials in a new ... oh , its a mess . really , though , what it comes down to is that mbti is one system and cognitive functions / jung is another . they both mean different things . you can be an mbti infj , and take that ... sorry , i wrote that kind of in a ' mood ' for unrelated reasons and pretty much fretted over it and kinda regretted it all day ... but , i figured i ultimately said what i meant to say , so i decided to ... this thread strikes me by the intense , almost helpless reliance on the appearance of things in order to comprehend anything about type . x does this i do that sometimes ! y doesn't do this ... haha , yeah , kinda . frankly , btw , considering that war and peace is very nearly twice as long as anna karenina ... when you hit into those later rants , really consider skipping them . they got ... ernest hemingway is often typed estp , and i would apply the same to jack london . i interpreted nikolai that way because ... his ' irresponsibility ' seemed to me to just be youth . he was really young , with life all ahead of him , going off to war ... and just decided not to decide ... that is awesome . it reminds me that he did vocals on reflektor , by arcade fire . he knows good ( and , apparently , bad ) music . that's hilarious . i've been meaning to reply to this . sorry , i am slow . fi would neither denigrate or glorify a wrong choice . you are looking at them through your own lens . they are , you say , doing fe wrong . in ... i am glad you said this because it speaks to a problem in typing fictional characters , yet again . that is that the more good the good guy is , the more likely they are to be called nf . this reveals a ... i am unconvinced by his self-assessment . not giving a shit about what people thought of what he was doing would just be introversion ... or , uhm , artistic integrity ? pretty much all artists are ... this is one of the many dangers of typing fictional characters . the actress / director injects into her , the writer writes her how they want , and the plot demands things of her . so , you have to ... i agree , for what it is worth . for rose as an enfj - at least with an enfj-ish persona , though i find little direct evidence of strong or salient ni . i am just as happy with her as an esfj . she isn't ... i think bowie is an infj . he isn't an fi-dom , anyway . he is a perceiver , i think . ni and dominant . he creates art that is subjective , incomprehensible , remote , unique , and doesn't follow anything ... i keep fi users close and run all of my moral decisions by them . they are the lodestar of moral rumination and depth . the guru on the hill . i would absolutely not run moral questions by an fe . i ... enfps are essentially never so bombastic or gregarious . what sort of ideas do you have ? give some examples . yeah , painters ( and shit ) . people like david bowie and yoko ono are exactly what jung had in mind for ni types . that is exactly what he said they would be . she's in outer space , man . she is ... ono and cohen would be ideal examples of how jung thought ni would manifest or be seen . i'll quote : well , that's the very reason they'd be artists , right ? non-verbal means of expression ? celebritytypes.com is hit and miss in their main section - but on the whole good as it gets , but they are horrific in their popular culture section . almost all of them are either wrong , or unlikely ... i think you are right . i don't remember typing her , and i might have gotten high-centered on fi-but-not-infp ? dunno . lorde is , more or less without question , an isfp . her persona is fi / ni . isfp anthem incoming ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3CyuxqH8e0 talking about ideas would be within the spectrum of ti in general . thinking abstractly = talking about abstract thoughts / ideas . abandoning things is not particular to ne . more or less your ... allow me to present , then , the minority report . is an intp , right ? sure , there was talk of integrity , but that is philosophical . fi integrity happens behind the eyes , not in the mind ... '