' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRyHDBWKLzI i'd say i have two or three friends that i would say are close . unfortunately they are nowhere near me . i am hundreds of miles apart from them . terribly anxious and stressed - it'll be a while yet ' til it is resolved though . and to make it worse i feel like i'll be putting the blame on myself when i should know that it isn't factually true . it just doesn't add up . i wish i could make sense of it all but at this stage i just can't . i'm beginning to wonder whether getting involved in this has done more harm than good . what i can say ... excited but really anxious at the same time for the week ahead . i keep thinking through all the possibilities that could happen . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtjmQ6Dwojs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m--lZP1c28g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSXrbWJyqds here's a bit of rowan atkinson . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Sqy6D7W16c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZApRNG5P-w http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krB-LRqK3Q8 if i recall correctly , these are the main things people compliment me for : - my deep voice - my work ethic - my intelligence . - my commitment to a lot of things . - my choice of smart clothing ... ok , i'm not great at taking self-portraits without a tripod . but here goes anyway ... 5829658297 oh and today didn't seem like i could smile naturally . creative , smart , focus on fantasy more than reality , attracted to sad things , fears doing the wrong thing , observer , avoidant , fears drawing attention to self , anxious , cautious , somewhat easily ... i find there to be quite a few activities i pursue during this time . these would consist of : listening to music . the music i'd listen to is often linked to my current emotions or relatable ... life goes on https://soundcloud.com/jake-moreman/life-goes-on-original-song it's no means perfect but then again it's the first time i've properly tried recording a song . things i'd like to achieve : maintain a blog better - actually post more frequently and not leave it dormant . try to write and then record more songs . try to see a positive outlook on myself ... personal maintenance : c . passionate . i'm a perfectionist and i am always looking for ways to improve my appearance . how do you feel about how you look ? e . i hate how i look most of the time & it ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpyYaTawTrw yes i can relate to this . although it is something i only usually do when i am alone with my thoughts . i suppose the main reason for doing this is to further develop the ideas in my head to actual ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaGpaj2nHIo ( current ) songs our town - iris dement bloodbuzz ohio - the national u200bthings the grandchildren should know - the eels run - snow patrol yesterday once more - the carpenters yesterday ... i've never been in a relationship . there are many reasons for this . such as , my lack of confidence , and the intense anxiety attached to it . how do i cope with it ? probably not that well . i often ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8-egj0y8Qs thank-you . i'm glad you can see i'm all not that bad . hopefully this'll help me think more positively . this does look very interesting and definitely something i wonder consider seeing . unfortunately it looks like it won't be released until february next year in the uk . ok , here goes ... vocaroo | voice message hopefully it's not too bad . i can definitely relate to this . especially the idea of it being unhelpful when people say it . probably the only thing i can add to what you have already said is that i always think that people who ... an endless journey in self-understanding . although my instinct is that i should make eye contact , in most cases i struggle doing so . this is particularly true with people i don't know very well . i believe this is due to my social anxiety . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_RbARBHvW4 well as i've only recently found out what my type was , i haven't seen much improvement as of yet . instead , more of some reassurance ( at the moment ) on why i never feel like i ' fit in ' into society ... yes , i do . i often feel i need to be reassured . this is probably due to being quite insecure , having low self-esteem and a perfectionist . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DLp-vE3AKg i have skype . if you're interested in contacting me , send me a pm and i'll share my username with you within reason . here's a recent one of me : 50418 and a slightly less recent one : 50419 hi there and welcome ! i'm also a infj who has joined fairly recently . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mD4jpZwTmY&feature=related reflection i's say the piano because of it can be used for almost any type of mood or theme as well as it's beautiful sound . however this is a bit biased because that is the main instrument i play . i'd say that i can show be affectionate but only if i have built a great deal of trust with that person . but until that happens , which is something that will take a great deal of time , effort etc . , ... here are a few common ones i've found : - stop being so serious all the time . - your mind does overtime . - stop worrying , it'll be fine . - i know what you're thinking about . 1 . my name is jake . 2 . i am called a computer geek by my friends . as part of this , i do have an interest in computer programming , system management and network management . 3 . i can play the ... usually conveying strong feelings to people face-to-face is a real challenge for me . the anxiety of what the other person thinks of me is too much for me to proceed . instead i find it more attainable ... - too negative - socially anxious - helpful - perfectionist - overly sensitive - too serious yes . i suffer from this . i find the most common problem is being unable to initiate a conversation . the constant fear of what others may think of me is too overwhelming and can result in me just ... this sort of thing does happen to me once in while . it is usually the common surroundings of a memory that trigger it off and they are always of a negative experience . afterwards , i feel a sense of ... for me , it takes time and careful intuition before i even consider placing the slightest trust on anyone . i wasn't always so strict on this . but since so many people have betrayed my trust in the ... i'd say my talent would consist of being able to sing whilst accompanying myself with the piano . here's a short list of the things from the top of my head that would turn me off : - repeated bad / vulgar language - arrogance - labeling of people - any form of harassment - invading personal ... depending on where i am at the time , i usually end up doing some walking , listening to some music , try to cover a song that i can relate to or just spend some quiet time thinking about things that ... '