' how about you link to an article that states the assumption was 55 % ? none of the articles you pointed to state anything about the 55 % assumption . i'm sure i can help you figure out why you're ... inchadp definitely the most contemplative type . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE it even features an intj alien child . try to show them how boring and traditional you are with your si , not some zany ne-ti freak . but op why u mad tho . jerkfaces are just people that remind feelers of their relative unintelligence . objective and out of the box thinking is the hallmark of ni-te ; and intjs are notorious for getting things done once they actually get started . well in that case , try to avoid playing it too cool . you ordered food together and left when he lost his wallet . welcome to piece of shit status . how do you know he's not thinking you're the awkward one for not saying anything to him ? if you can't find a reason to rebel you don't have your eyes open . istjs don't really have the intuitive presence for high-level mathematics , rote memorization and application of standardized mathematical procedures on the other hand .. the sun is blue . grass is white . the average ant is 10 feet long . am i doing it right ? you're acting different without noticing it and she's reacting to you . you're trying extra hard to push her buttons and she sees this as a desperate maneuver for you to feel normal again , and so ... why are you assuming she's acting that way for your benefit ? you're getting defensive again . when you're walking around in your feeling dreamland remind yourself that your life as you know it depends on other people thinking about complex stuff that you deem boring . you need to get with your se , maybe try intoxicants . what an ironic thread . fe is about public relations , fi is about heartfelt emotions . ti is about personally constructed logical associations , te is about concrete factual information . this is an example of why sensors are considered thick-skulled . all of those are perfectly logical statements , taken out of context . http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/558282-world-access.html that's really interesting . by access are you referring to consciousness ? and offset means the physical world ? how did you figure all this out ? is your avatar photoshopped or is that how you ... it depends , surprising an intj can be a dangerous endeavor ; be careful . they wouldn't need to use a new relationship to get over an old one , but it's possible that he still likes you despite his new relationship . keep in mind that your relationship with him might not ... intj : your juvenile attempts at strategy are quite entertaining . that ugly girl you've been ramming was a decoy , an hiv-ridden prostitute i picked up and subtly coerced you into making a pass at ... intj : your juvenile attempts at strategy are quite entertaining . that ugly girl you've been ramming was a decoy , an hiv-ridden prostitute i picked up and subtly coerced you into making a pass at ... he's the guy who wants a dog but can't afford the adoption papers . you sound rather bitter that you were born a commoner . omg why u think ur so special why does sally get to be a cheerleader omg why can't i have nice things ! ? ! ! | ? ! dude , just leave . you're still playing games to bolster your ego ; you won't win . tldr : kathy kane is an infj who is trying to reconcile her differences with the intj descriptions by painting the picture of intjs as irrational , illogical beings of mysticism ( aka lost infjs ) . she ... running with an idea is ni . not the function ... the person , dear kathy , the person . it's more likely the sensors to take the idea of religion at face value and therefore believe in a higher being ; sensors are much more likely to believe a source of information wholeheartedly merely ... classic enfj . trying to rally people to their personal cause using sensationalism and propaganda . i didn't mean completely separate , i meant separate or different in any way ; i have no problem comprehending what she wrote , although you keep missing the mark on trying to comprehend what i've so ... i'm not asking anyone to map out consciousness , i asked what evidence there is that would lead one to believe that the mind and brain are different . there may be genuine reasoning behind that ... let's summarize mind as consciousness , for simplicity's sake . the original post was a query to the theredpanda in this thread who suggested the following : she suggests that there is a ... so the physical world is just a collection of symbols ? or does this law of symbolism only apply to the human body ? i think therefore i am proves existence not mind-brain separateness . let me poke your ne . in what ways is the brain different from the mind ? what evidence do you use to propound such differences ? time to break up . so you basically mistreated him , didn't return his affections , and then decided to ask him to pay your bills ... that didn't work so you decided to dump him in hopes that he'll give in and give you ... you seem like an obsessed stalker who is using the sociopath label as a means to demonize and pathologize your victim / competition . your ex and the sociopath have more to worry about from you ... he's either a creep or you were taking him way too seriously . you seem to be reacting in that bitchy manner that women get in when they want to reject the person that rejected them ; ego protection ... tell him that if he wants to fill his room with piles of shit that's okay , but once it starts piling up in common living space it is a problem for everyone involved . if he wants to use his room as a ... nts are masculine-minded , they seek feminine-minded partners for a relationship . nt males are attracted to feminine females , and vice versa , leading to a pure relationship . nt females are ... ne can make you kooky enough to believe you're adventurous . you won't be able to keep up with an inferior-se type in terms of risk-taking / adventurism / impulsiveness when they're in that mode ; it just isn't their everyday modus operandi . either i'm being aggressive or i'm pointing out parts of an intj that deserve parodying , depending upon perspective . only childish intjs think they're different , real intjs know the truth , and i'm one of the real ones . intjs on online forums think they're smarter than everyone else , but i know better because ... '