' love / hate . i find it enjoyable and all that but dislike the health risks associated , smell , etc . quit unintentionally about 7 months ago due to lack of funding but have decided it is probably best i ... i don't currently have a desk but the books i currently have in my possession are : notes from underground cat's cradle slaughterhouse five breakfast of champions the great gatsby ( which i'm ... honestly it doesn't sound nearly as bad as it could have been so for the time being i'd just be grateful the bite didn't end up being much worse . see how things go for a while and how things heal up , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLxr_DE-uj0 roughly 2-1 coffee to cream ratio . sugar depends on the roast , lighter roasts i can get by without , darker stuff needs a bit to mellow out the flavor a little . flavors i can live without but if ... haven't had it since i was like 6 . didn't like it then . not sure if i'd like it now or not . i don't get lonely per se . if i go without contact for long periods of time i tend to overanalyze myself and think too much which eventually spirals into depression . i'm never upset about needing ... mine isn't full enough for me to let it grow and when i shave i look like i'm 13 so it's pretty much a lose-lose situation for me . after going through this thread i was a little curious as to how much i actually use my phone , so i checked my usage history online . the past four billing periods read something like 23 minutes , 17 ... this just made you my favorite esfp . most the food readily available already has no nutritional value and sharing meals is already an extremely popular recreational activity . just need to figure out the first part . i wouldn't mind the privacy but i don't wear them . they just don't look right on me . can't wear hats either . occasionally i can get by with a beanie though . i've done that a few times before too . by the time i actually try to go to sleep the walls look like they're melting , any light the does peep through the windows doors swirls around . it's like a mild ... i've only had one experience i can't explain . i was watching 40 days of night , it got to a quiet part of the film and i heard some kind of quiet whooshing water sound coming from somewhere in my ... i lay in bed until i fall asleep . sometimes music helps , sometimes it distracts me more . same with the daydreaming idea skycloud 86 suggested , sometimes it works for me , other times it doesn't . if it ... i try to avoid eating meat as much as possible but i still do on occasion . i don't like the way animals are treated and for health are the main reasons . i also grew up eating a lot of meat and my ... be open to new experiences . i had a teacher jokingly suggest to the class a study group at my apartment and everyone thought it was a good idea . not something i would normally be open to , but we ... i was hoping to get some looting done today . looks like it'll have to wait til the next one . : sad : my best friend since childhood hasn't been tested but i'm guessing he is istp . other close friends are istj and infp . you should trek up to carlsbad and go to pizza port . hell , i'd consider flying down if it were going to be at pizza port . i love pizza port . what is the range on the zombie sense ? if you're on an island that is several miles off the coast would their sense be able to pick it up ? also does this sense work if they're underwater ? if you're ... i've never had one , though i do like using them . i played with my moms stethoscope quite a bit though . aside from pay off family debts and things of that nature , i'd travel all over during the summer months and just go to school and get degree after degree and not use any of them during the school ... i had a similar experience happen a couple years ago . i was on a two lane road , had to turn left , had to wait for oncoming cars to clear so i stopped and had my blinker on . guy behind me starts ... now you must pledge your allegiance to one and only one ! preferably the other one so this one dies . fuck . me . sideways . not going to quote the whole thing as its a bit long , but this post nearly brought a tear to my eye . ask her what she wants . if she wants to work alone or just with you , respect her wishes . if she wants to work in the group , then you can figure out something that will make her more comfortable . i ... anacondas aren't poisonous . they are constrictors . but more on topic , i have a phobia of being stabbed in the eye . don't know how to explain it . had a few bad experience where i literally almost ... your wisdom was so wise i didn't understand any of it . kill him . get both . if they belong to ex-girlfriends , no harm can be done . i found you . not creepy . not creepy . i'd probably rough it to the mountains . set up a small camp in the forest near a water source . i'd build a treehouse , because everyone knows zombies are afraid of heights . also , they can't climb ... i am guilty of this too . in college , my friend had the same problem as well , he wasn't intp though . he would buy his textbooks and read them over summer so he wouldn't have the i hate that i ... i don't know why this just popped into my head , but something else i've noticed with my writing and with others on the forum , intps like to use parentheses . a lot . / derail spellcheck an intp ? aren't we supposed to be the spelling / grammar nazis ? me : hey , i got an interview tomorrow at your workplace . neighbor : cool man , good luck ! me : yea , you too ... fuck . socializing for the lose . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMccGgs02Ak i had the idea of starting a thread asking ideas of how they might reform the educational system to be more intp friendly ( well , more friendly to all types , but many intps don't seem to get along ... some of my favorite shows are house , white collar , parks and recreation , community , family guy . i also enjoy crime shows such as bones and the mentalist . it's always sunny in philadelphia is awesome ... i have a sister who is four years older . was pretty much raised as an only child though , she never lived with me . personally , i would add pretty shirley manson of garbage to that list as well . i'm somewhere in between the last two options . i've been trying to wean myself off so i don't smoke half a pack a day anymore ( typically 5 or 6 per day ) , but i can't go days without it either .  ... can't speak about student loans as i don't currently have any . i'm decent with money in general but i'm also not into gadgets , fashion , fancy cars , or any of the other expensive things people tend to ... i love traveling and being new places . i get bored in one place too much and have moved around quite a bit . it wouldn't be the end of the world if my so couldn't go places with me , but i'd like to ... tampons aren't really good for men , but they're sure helpful for women . seeing as tampons don't equally benefit both sexes , maybe we should get rid of those too ? i live in a studio apartment with my girlfriend . at the moment i get quite a bit of alone time but still go for walks at night or read outside the building after she's gone to bed . i also don't like ... simple . black , white , and grey mostly . solid colors . jeans , t-shirts , and hoodies . when i'm around the house i usually wear athletic shorts for comfort . i don't like logos / designs / stripes . i don't ... i'm probably not as proficient as an istp but i can hold my own . i've been playing guitar and drawing since i was young so i think that had a lot to do with developing the coordination and muscles in ... pretty similar to my experience with it , though i was 13 or so at the time . hooray for always feeling disconnected from everyone / thing ! i didn't make jokes about it though . thats kind of mean . '