' you are who you are at any given moment , and at any given moment you are true to yourself . to where you place yourself is the wonder of knowing yourself all over again . why do you love your isfj and entp ? sent from my le x522 using tapatalk you never seen an enfp when they go into hiding ? what ? http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/997722-im-enfp-flipping-into-istj.html would he respond well if i tried to reach out to him again ? yes , he might need time to reflect , probably no longer than 3 days . do enfps tend to ' block ' people out ? yes , no , yes , no , yes , no . ... isfj or entp ? i'm sure i can point out the goods and bads of both , but i would like to hear your thoughts if you could compare the two which one do you think is a better match for you . * he has never had a job and refuses to work any as he is waiting on his inheritance to support him in the future . i never asked him to consider working , i just wish he would offer his presence more ... hi , i'm an enfp , but lately because an overwhelming amount of work ( 12 + hours daily ) , a demanding relationship hanging by a tread , and fixing my crumbling house and living situation , i have been ... sure , clues maybe unclear , but nfp leave clues to test the person's interest in their relationship , willingness to investigate even when clues are unclear or aren't completely spelled out , and to ... they stay quite because they had given enough clues for the other person to take action or do something for the other person expecting their actions to be reciprocated . sent from my pantechp 8010 ... you must have walked into a room full of zombies and came out hating everyone . hello , i know its been a while , but i have been thinking about your progress here and there . how are you doing ? i'm still a little worried that you haven't update us in a while . please answer . dreamed of throwing myself into the tornado . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk i text people when i am bored at work or doing zombie work . does that answers your question ? don't assume everyone text because they wanted to talk , otherwise they'll be calling . if it sounded ... lol . stop asking questions . man the fuck up , and just do it . wish i was that miniature devil sitting on your shoulder telling you this . your lack of physical response to her is killing me .  ... same here , but sooner or later i'm gonna go limp . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk kissing is fun . its also a way of marking your territory and torturing ( tickling ) your mate into tears or submission . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk thank you . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk give him clues ! ! ! more smiles , more body language , more eye to eye contact . if he isn't feeling it then kick him and give him a cute or mean look . i like girls that are full of surprises . sent ... stop talking like a damn machine and stick to the damn topic . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk thanks for the update , can you describe the moment when you were feeling down today ? where are you ? what were you doing ? when you are having that down moment , do you have a friend that you can text ... i'm currently in a non serious relationship , survived the 4th date and going . still collecting data on my end , but i wish there's more data here about enfp ( male ) - entp ( female ) . here's what i know ... both my cuz and myself are enfp ninjas , and we let people know that we were goofing around once the jig is up . i intentionally let myself get caught for fun . if you catch him spying and you wanna ... men can do that sometimes when they cry out beast mode ! ! ! 🦄 sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk i dated an istp oversea for 4 months , my mon is istj . i can tell you this . istx would never understand you on a deeper level , they aren't made for serious relationship that nf live for . this istj is ... thank you for responding . i find your story very inspirational , and its kind of important to me . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk its been two weeks , how are you holding ? sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk time to bid for a magneto helmet on ebay . just be considerate . if you're not sure , ask . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk how are you today ? sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk the power to convert all the females in the world to intj from 6am to 6pm then to infj from 6pm to 6am . everyone else will be converted to istj , and ill be the only enfp in the world . sent from ... i wished you had spoken up 15 years earlier , i would had had an a for essay . btw i do agree nj are awesome , just nowhere to be found . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk i've been caught laughing to myself . poetry comes out when im driving or when i look out thr window . i do try to explain my imagination but its usually very long and progress very slowly because ... i dated one , all she talled about was her fantasy of living a big house , travelling around the world , a husband who can spolier her to no ends , and her early retirement @ 30s to become a soccer mom ... # 2 given that you can only have one or the other . a double standard must take place . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk not trying to be kind , just being real and being firm about my position . people who can't live in harmony with others , shouldn't live in the same area as people who do . more sharing , less thinking . find someone who will not judge a crazy person . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk ne / ni ying-yang ( limitless ) sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk dear isfj , i'm supposed to disappear on you before you disappear on me . wth . ~ enfp sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk i suppose having a private chat with another infj could help you thru the process . btw , im counting your days to recovery also , dont let me down . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk no , but on the receiving end my isfj friend laughs first only to yell at me about how that shit ain't right a min later . i learned over the years of trial at the cost of blood , sweat and tears that ... i analyzed everything i know about a person , connect millions of dots into a shape like water molecules coming together to form a cloud , then i take a step back to enjoy the storm . funny thing is , ... : smilies 3 : i personally witness a similar event . a bird kept diving in front on the big riggs and cars to stop the traffic from running over his partner who was struggling a broken wing . so sad . sent from ... enfp jobs are all underpaid . bummer sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160825/e38296dee9c575fb9918060bd496141b.jpg http://www.express.co.uk/news/nature/477292/Bird-death-shows-animals-have-human-emotion sent from my nexus 6 using ... in my sleep , something funny came up . i laughed so hard and evilly that i woke myself . the side effects of watching stephen chow's movie . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk okay google , define attractive . = > a decorated man that looks rich . sent from my nexus 6 using tapatalk you must stop putting yourself in the other person's shoe . you must realize you're trying to fit an iron bar shaped of an u . there are human beings and then there are beasts , those beasts are not ... i'll just shut up and enjoy the reading here . i love all of your thoughts , please keep them coming . '