' awww ! i'm happy you're happy : hug : and hi falling foxes ! * waves * life is hectic , but generally i'd say it's good . what are the big changes ? do tell ! and who is the little brother ? omg it's fepa ! ! ! : hug : : hug : : hug : : hug : : hug : : hug : : hug : : hug : lol , for better or for worse - i think i know exactly what you mean <3 hang in there ! <3 awww , i missed you tooo : hug : when you going to stop being responsible and come back to us , huh ? : sad : no . at least paste on a horn and dye its tail in rainbow colours so we can willingly suspend disbelief :d ry : ohhh ! i get it now : tongue : you mean stress-ball as in the object that people squeeze to try to relieve themselves of stress . yeah , i've definitely had my share of that . like syvelocin said , ... it's funny , but a lot of enfps i've talked to seem to have sfj parents . the trend seems to be that it can make for a difficult parent-child relationship with lots of clashing over thinking styles , ... it's meant to be ! no . okay , long answer is we can be , of course , just like anybody else . i don't think it's a defining feature anymore than it is for any other personality type . to convert it into ... ugh , i had this long detailed response and then my browser crapped out on me and i lost it :( okay , so long story short : thank you for your replies . i just kind of needed some affirmation from ... oh , i left out the to fixed it i'm asking how you personally relate to those concepts though . like how do they factor / work together or against each other for you ? yes , i'm in existential mode right now ... how do you relate to optimism , pessimism , and realism ? how do you relate to optimism , pessimism , and realism ? facts are beautiful , mooni we should probably stop derailing this thread though ... that just makes it look like scarlet.black was right : unsure : that's why i said te is beautiful <3 they're always judging us . it's a fact we just have to accept with grace . embrace it ! : wink : don't be jealous , mooni . at least you have ne ;) but what happened to the other part of my post ? : unsure : you take that back ! http://31.media.tumblr.com/1be056ec0113bcc8dde647af12f824c0/tumblr_n21mo2FGHC1ru72puo1_r1_250.gif lol , te is beautiful <3 but pure te is damn scary ! : shocked : i'd go for the wink . http://p.fod4.com/p/media/4c92bfde64/rCcrn8zgSFWvWmlyqZ2R_w5.gif interrupting my long overdue stalking of this thread to say , i literally laughed out loud at this one : laughing : nothing is random * hairtoss * ummm , you forgot about your entry to the karaoke challenge ? that was epic : laughing : and umm ... why are you still giving the milk away for free ? :d ry : i used to think anyone could be redeemed , but a lot of that had to do with my former belief system , and probably my youth ( before i learned more about people and the world ) . currently i'm much ... aww hon : hug : i've had that experience as well - having people wanting to keep me in a box , wanting me to just be the me that is peppy , bubbly , optimistic , who makes them laugh and feel good ... heh , i just checked and i see i'm still the second highest poster in this thread after ai.tran . 75 : tongue : oh yes , i was quite the postwhore in this thread once upon a time : tongue : and awww : hug : heya cake ! nice to see you again ! i would have come back ages ago if i'd known you were back : wink : <3 yeah , brain candy is definitely > eye candy for me : kitteh : definitely the latter . for me , i have to like a person in order to be physically attracted to them . if someone's personality sucks ( i'm assuming that's what you mean by horrible date ) it really ... i haven't been here for a while . hi ! * waves * awww , thanks nimh ! : blushed : i'd totally date you if i were into girls too <3 how have you been ? long time no see ! you're late to the party :( yes , you can't post in the mafia forum unless you have 15 posts elsewhere on the forum . i just realized we still have to get tress up to her 15 posts ! spam , tress ! spam like you've never spammed before ! : kitteh : holla ! :p roud : : laughing : only 6 more posts to go mrsclov ! you can do it ! o / i was going to add that ... but i try to keep moonious in the pg - 13 zone . i'm in denial about her being an adult : tongue : you're a brave man : kitteh : i'm pretty sure she's seen chris in his pink shirt ( s ) already ... lol don't invite her into that abominable practice of changing one's name every ttwo weeks :d ry : wait , are you hitting on mrs.clov too , now ? : shocked : i don't know if hallia and tress ( i have to look up what she calls herself here ... ? ) and dicetosser 1 log in here these days . don't you mean he better say hi ! :d ry : : laughing : oh yeah , and clovdyx : kitteh : mrs . clov is here ! and looking sexy ! : love_heart : bfg lady alette theobruh moonious , come say hi to mrs . clov :) : laughing : lol - i had to train myself to stop doing that at work . too many times i'd be spewing out my thoughts only to suddenly realize that everyone around the table is looking at me with a confused ... maybe next time ( we're not gonna let her get away that easily >:) ) hallia dicetosser 1 theobruh clovdyx bfg should come spam you too : kitteh : '