' i have found that it takes me a while to fall in love , but falling out of love seems to last an eternity . 17 year old infj going into my senior year of high school i take honors / ap classes . the only core class i'll take this year that isn't any kind of advanced ( because they don't offer advanced ) is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTeRH8U6Wos 1 . so , when did you lose yours ? i'm 17 and lost it over three months ago . 2 . any stories to tell ? it's weird and i wouldn't quite want to tell . 3 . do you have any regrets ? ... girls : yvonne jean and adelina marina boys : raymond daniam and the other named after his father i don't think so , that sounds too perfect haha . most of that was from the same guy ; he likes flirting even though he already has a girlfriend . i can hear both call of duty and bruno mars from my sister in the other room and strangely find myself liking the blend . my junior year of high school is almost finished , and i have to prepare for ... what do you look for when considering a career / field of study ? han solo ( star wars ) augustus waters ( the fault in our stars ) patch ( hush hush series ) tobias four eaton ( divergent series ) caleb prior ( divergent series ) damen auguste ( the immortals series ) ... insurgent prozac nation i can understand why you would remember that . wow ! : shocked : can you do me a favor ? when you go home can you ask your parents how they made such a beautiful daughter ? : rolleyes : i felt like giving him a duh answer the same way all parents make kids but ... in my drama club i befriended a girl . she somehow knew that my name means moon , and one of her friends had a cat named moonpie , so she started to call me moonpie . she gets kinda snappy when other ... well that sounds absolutely charming . lol the great archives determine that i have gone by the vampire identity : aurélie choiseul known in some parts of the world as : artemis of the steely moon of this vampire the great archives record : ... pizza i've only met one other infj that i know of ; she is my enfp and intj friends ' mom . my intj friend sent me a link to an mbti test . when i responded to him that i was infj , he told his mom , to which ... i've been texting my guy friend about how this guy in my nutrition class has been flirting with me , and it made me think of the pick up lines i've heard . so i thought it would be fun for people to ... gender : female hair color : brown . i had blonde highlights over a year ago , but they've for the most part faded and grown out . the actual brown has gotten darker over the past year to a dark brown ... i know for most of the world and perc it's already may 3 . but in my timezone it's still may 2 . and so ... everyday amazing people are born , and other amazing people are gone . this day ( may 2 ) 17 ... mind reading . i wouldn't do it to be really nosey when i'm bored or anything , but it would be nice to figure out people's motives and whether or not they are being honest . it would also come in handy ... oh i know what you mean . it has been my choice for years . of course , i'd like to be able to switch it on and off . i would have to say spring despite my pollen allergy . it's just a very beautiful season of colorful flowers and warmth starting to come . i also really like may for some reason ; i guess it's the ... pause ! my brother is actually making dinner ... what is this sorcery ? ? ? ' tis a wonder ! haha , but it smells good , and i like [ love ] food . i still have apush and pre-calculus homework to finish . food ... listening to the fault in our stars audiobook on youtube , playing solitaire , and my sister just confiscated her cheetos . augustus ! : blushed : just going around perc and listening to my ' starred ' playlist on spotify . michael jackson's man in the mirror is almost finished . i wrote this two years for someone who was once there until we were separated ; though all i did when he was by my side , was push him away . then when he had given up and no longer cared , we ended up ... hi :p roud : yes ! and : when you get to a very touching part in a good book and cry . when you don't want to lean your seat back on a plane because you're afraid you may cause the person behind you some form or ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiSfTyrvJlg welcome fellow infj :p roud : dear # 3 where do i start ? i'm sorry for how i treated you 7 years ago . i just couldn't believe someone like you could like someone like me . ( also we were in 4th grade so i didn't quite understand ... ladypancake i don't want to completely disappear from their lives . one because it's not all that possible , two because i don't want them to feel as though either have them have wronged me ; besides i ... i have a hard time falling asleep at night because my mind has the inability to shut up ! : frustrating : ladypancake i'm not sure about guys i've liked before and their mbti's because they probably haven't tested and really don't seem like they'd be too interested hehe . i would like to move past it and ... i remember my ex recommended i watch pulp fiction because i was watching deadly women on netflix . maybe a month or two after i go into my cousin's room and see her watching it , and i did not like it ... i'm not sure about other infjs , but with me it depends on my standing relationship with the person . though how i am is a lot like the ones ninibear mentioned such as : - try to find out every single ... finale by becca fitzpatrick i wish i could break your heart cassadee pope - yahoo search results i've been playing the piano for a little over eight years . i could've eaten lunch two hours ago , but this site has distracted me very much . i shall make ... a balogne sandwich ! my stomach is begging for food . i'm a little over 100 lbs but there ... sitcoms , actors , actresses , eyes , different countries , miracles , books welcome fellow infj * offers hand to computer screen * : happy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXjXKT98esw she ( for liz ) by parachute 119 above average infj / sagitarrius / rat / fire marcus offers him the knife . - divergent by veronica roth infj since the username is literally theinfj . however , that picture seems very thoughtful xd '