' 17/50 - average score for a male . it's cool people who make smoking look cool in the first place , not the habit in itself that makes cool people cool . however , i wouldn't say dumber would be the word i'd use to describe smoking ... one more for the road , before i go into the valley below . istp . i'm not really up for an in depth analysis right now , but i hope this input is useful for you . i don't really have any questions in that respect . i just figured that with you likely being si dominant , whether your feeling function was fe or fi was largely irrelevant to my logic when i figured ... killinit i find mbti tests unreliable because of their inconsistent results based on how a person feels at the time , and also because the questions are often skewered in favour of n and t answers as ... wincor ah , i getcha now . i can see why you would come to the conclusion of infp as your type . you might think fi is your dominant function because of avoiding peer pressure or each to their own , or you might think of ... i don't think we entirely see eye-to-eye on our reasons for you likely being an istj ; you're probably using online profiles , while i use the original idea of si as fitting impressions within a ... i'm writing up my response to killinit as of now . once that response is posted , i'll probably wait a day or two before i type radicaldog so that i can create a window of time for people to discuss my ... i took longer to respond because i was having a particularly fogged up sort of day , so i tried a slightly different approach this time around . this time , i read through all your answers to each ... wincor i've changed my mind about your type ; see my previous post above to read what i wrote . sorry for throwing you off like that , but i wasn't very focused at the time . you didn't go too far into your own motives or reasons for things , so i couldn't say too much about your type . although i originally typed you as a ti dominant type , having reread what you wrote , ... alright folks , listen up . i've had some great exchanges in this typing thread , and i like to think that both myself and the people i've typed have walked away from this with a clearer ... killinit i wouldn't say i regret it , but i am a bit worn out . i think i'll stop after i've responded to your questionnaire . i think you're an infp , because i saw fi as your dominant function more often than not , and ne and si are in there in a supporting role . it would be more accurate to describe fi as systemising over a ... you're an intp . i figured you were an intp since the very first question , and you yourself seem certain that you're an intp . were you just curious to see what i would say ? i can relate . i myself am an ntp , and i ... javifi i misconstrued contemplation and introspection as being introversion . not reacting out loud because you want to avoid confrontation is something that's no more likely to be a characteristic ... sm1 maybe i was being too harsh as well . i guess i just got a bit annoyed that the exchange seemed to not be going anywhere , and i didn't want to take up too much time or space when there were others ... i think you're an entp . i saw ne in a dominant role , and you've got ti and fe as well . your fe is notably strong for a low order function , and too strong to be inferior . but fe isn't your dominant ... i suspect your preferred functions are si and fe , and i'm leaning towards isfj because you show some use of ti and seem to be introverted . sm1 or i could have really messed up sleep patterns . but i thought it was a given that not everyone on the internet is american . to be honest , i'm reluctant to continue this conversation , ... you're most welcome . i think you're an esfj , mainly because fe is your dominant function . i don't think you're an introvert . in fact , a lot of extraverts mistype as introverts when they focus more ... sm1 i have little more to say that bb hasn't already said in effectively explaining why you are an entj . still , you can ask more questions about your type if you want . you misread what i said . i cited you as an example of how an istj ( an si dom ) is receptive to sensory impressions . you're not an intj because you don't use ni . i should get some sleep ; i wasn't ... i came back to this thread just ten minutes later and ... uh , i think i created a monster here that can't easily be contained . javifi i'll type you whenever i get the chance , i promise . finny ... i suspect that a lot of si types mistype as intps or infps - especially when they rely on behaviourisms to type themselves and others , such as associating physical togetherness with being a sensor ... sm1 indeed . you demonstrate the same sort of te in your responses that you did in your questionnaire . i also saw inferior fi in you , which i commented on in my analysis of your questionnaire in my ... you're probably an entj . you're an entj who is largely out of touch with their inferior fi . you're an istj . i saw a lot of si and fi in you , and you're out of your element when it comes to ne . the second question in particular emphasises the catastrophising that jung described with inferior ... having read chapters x and xi of jung's book psychological types ( recommended reading for anyone with an interest in typology ) , i feel fairly confident about my knowledge of jung's function theory ... i know therex 92s probably half a dozen of these threads around here , but i thought ix92d have more constructive discussion if i shared the types i had for the main characters in a new thread . itx 92s ... oh hey , a fellow entp writer - and a published author at that . what sort of fiction do you write ? hope you enjoy your stay at this site . intuitive . i don't often see intuitive answers to this question , so it's somewhat refreshing to read such a reply . si in remembering the incident for later , and maybe low te in asking your ... how is liking being spontaneous , having fun , and being around other people exclusive to ne ? gotcha . yes it is possible for the inferior to be more functional than the tertiary . i admit that i was throwing out a half-flung theory about you having a crappy dominant si , and although you ... so perhaps frigus is an infp ? yeah , ne and si likely makes sense . you get pulled around a lot by possibilities in a way that makes me see ne . why te-fi ? couldn't you be fi-te ? your sensing function might just be ... doubting your type doesn't necessarily indicate ne . anyway , why do you think infp , istj , or intj are your most likely types , and why are you so certain sensing is most likely your inferior function ? ... isfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuXPGlHIkAw my familiarity with theatre begins and ends with shakespeare , but i guess one could see some tarantino movies as being revenge tragedies . i think you're right about tarantino ; he likely enjoys his ... true , and i acknowledged this in my response to question three . quite a mixed bag of factors , i see . typing you should still be possible . emphasis on the sensory experience of the colour scheme . not sure if se or si because you don't say why they affect ... i don't think you get tarantino ; his movies are morality tales at their core , and they seem to condemn the very same violence that's being stylised on screen . in pulp fiction , jules winnfield becomes ... i'd be interested in becoming a digital nomad for a while at some point in the future . basically i'd spend extended periods of time in a few different locations so i can immerse myself in other ... part of the problem with online descriptions of esfps is how they're stereotyped as being these dumb party animals , so i can see how you would have problems relating to how they are described . i ... here's a type thread i made up at the end of last year . i still don't entirely buy into the enneagram system , but i read up about it and am curious to explore it some more . i figured that getting ... i still stand by what i said about you probably being se dominant . you've developed your t function - regardless of whether it's te or ti - and i'm leaning more towards te , which would fit with what ... infp ? instrumentals are hard to type , as much as i love brian eno . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rl2Jv4dzFqg '