' has anyone seen this movie ? if so , please let us discuss it . i've watched it twice in the past week and i just have all these feelings inside of me because of it and i just want to discuss the film ... i just have one question : does anyone not notice how crazy adam is ? for someone who watches the show and can read between the lines , is there something wrong with him or is that just his personality ? ... so ... bottom line is ... i'm searching for new friends . holla if you bout it . lol :) but seriously , i miss the days of myspace where you could talk to anyone from anywhere and there would be no ... let's see , whenever i first meet someone and vibe with them , seeing them as a potential friend , i will try my darnedest to impress them . i'll always say yes to them , always be there , put them before ... when i was 17 i bought myself a guitar . ever since then , i've played it on and off , gradually getting better of the course of 3 years . i suppose it is my escape , because i like to get better at ... for me , i have a natural urge to help others . however , whenever people do open up to me , i can't help but feel awkward and ill-equipped with the tools and resources to help them out . sure , some ... this is my first john green book . it was a nice book for me to read . but i guess i'll have to read some more of his books to see what you're talking about . that sounds fun . kids need more art in their lives . it's hard finding people who major in sociology . i mean , maybe i have encountered them ( aside from the people in my classes ) and they just don't want to admit it . i kind of get blank stares when i ... did anyone else read it and try to see if an imperial affliction was real so you could read it too ? did anyone else thing the book was going to end mid-sentence like an imperial affliction ? did ... oh my it's photography | facebook so as infjs under stress , would you rather be alone and deal with it yourself or what ? my husband is an infj and i believe he is under stress . we had a bit of a fight this morning and i don't know ... i'm married to an infj man and we've been together for 5 years in total . we used to have this connection that was out of here . everybody said that we were alike and stuff . but then i cheated on him ... do you think it could be possible for him and i to love each other again ? like maybe after we grow ? i mean there is still feelings there for him , don't get me wrong . he's my first love . i'm going to ... thank you for your advice . and i must clarify , i got the second chance in january 2012 instead of january 2011 . also , they aren't silly things but they had silly reason . i am not , in any way , saying ... hello infj people , i have a tale to tell you . it involves my husband , who is an infj , and how i have ruined his very existence . it all started to come to fruition when we got married back in ... i assure you that there is no physical abuse . i just want to know if him being an infj has anything to do with him not remembering all of the things he said . my husband is an infj to the fullest . last night , he got extremely angry with me and said and did some things ( no physical abuse ) that were very hurtful . don't worry , it was completely my fault for ... very recently , i just finished reading the perks of being a wallflower by stephen chbosky and it has changed the way i think about myself . never have i identified so much with a book character ... oh my gosh . husband , i know it's your birthday tomorrow and all but you said you really didn't wanna do anything . now , what you want to do , sprung on me at a time when i have a million things to do , ... dear nail polish , stop chipping after 1 day of being on my fingers . it's not cool and it makes you look trashy . sincerely , infj dear kinesiology / health teacher , your classes are complicated and have no rhyme or reason . i have spent this whole semester trying to decipher what it is you wanted us to do for assignments and ... i'm 19 . i don't know if that helps though . lol . let's see ... - chipotle burrito - my nails to get done - my hair to get done - coffee - food - for the semester to be done - to get paid again ( 2 more weeks lol ) - to get some replies to the threads ... i didn't read the book prior but after i saw the movie , i bought the book and now i'm reading it . oh wow . the movie was so amazing to me . i cried when rue died . the music was just ... * drools * . i loved ... ah ! that's so hard . i love each one in their own way . i think phoebe , if i had to choose . she so free-spirited and funny without even knowing it . :) ) ) folding chair by regina spektor last movie i watched in theaters was , i believe , wrath of the titans ... and i have no idea what it was about . i wasn't paying attention . lol . i hate watching myself on video around other people . i can watch myself alone though . i feel i look goofy and out there and awkward . : o bad at first ; getting better now . :) i am listening to a lot of regina spektor station on pandora . also disney channel stars because their songs put me in a happy mood because disney channel was a happy part of my childhood . yeah this happens to me often . not just with conversations though . with memory in general . especially with names . but i try to hide my knowledge . i don't want to freak people out . i act dumb . bad on ... does anyone else have these periods of strong emotion that make you feel trapped in life ? every few weeks or so , i feel like life is just not enough and get so sad because there's no where else to go ... okay . i just absolutely get annoyed when i come home from school and work and people want to talk to me . oh my gosh ! i've been around people all day . i'm tired of people at that moment and just want ... dear naomi davis , why is your blog so cute ? why is your family so cute ? why are you so cute ? why can't my life be like yours all sunshines and rainbows ? * sigh * one day i'll have my own life and ... dear people who keep signing up for first friday , um , clearly there are no dates to sign up because , * ding ding * , there are no more first fridays ! stop signing up and submitting your effing ... hello all , i am new here at personality cafe . i thought this would be a great place to start . i took a personality test late last year and my results came out istj . then , i took another one ... '