' from my observation , only the unintelligent use the middle finger to get their point across because they can't come up with proper words to respond . i don't take it seriously regardless of who it's ... i'd just like to share this : http://youtu.be/TqEduqDZd7s it's a friend of mine's original song . christmasy . but it is the season . : crazy : i graduate from my undergrad degree in two weeks ( so much crap to do between now and then it's not even funny ) . i'm not a fan of this thought even though i'm excited to be done . it just means i'll be ... my mom is an esfp . my dad is an intj . though i'm not 100 % sure ... just 80 % ... i haven't made him take a test yet . if he's not an intj then he's an istj .  ... they're opposite in personality and ... this thread has a lot of points that sound like my istj boyfriend .. which is nice ... because i adore him . :p roud : ( i ventured into istj territory to better understand him anyway to better make him ... 22 . : crazy : i do zumba , yoga , and pilates . quite fun and ' in the moment ' . most of it consists of balance , core , and movement , which require me to feel my body move in order to be in the correct pose / do a ... i know i can come off as serious or overly serious to those who don't poke and prod at me to ' loosen up ' on a regular basis . she's just trying to ( in an incredibly off-putting way ) help you grow ... i have a really sweet gay guy friend ... so i hear plenty about what's going on in the lbgt world cause he's a vocal thing . :p roud : but anyway ... it really is no one's business who loves who ... i'm afraid to get hurt ... despite that being a normal risk . i'm afraid i would ruin everything if i say something wrong or express my feelings . i'm still discovering this side of ' ships ' considering ... ergh . this guy i like ( and he likes me ) asked me the other day what i would like in a relationship and how i see our friendship . how in the world can i even answer that ? ! because i can't . i don't ... i'm likely to come out of my undergrad of architecture with a nifty 70,000 ( estimated ) in debt . but i believe it's worth it if i'm going to try and become a licensed architect one day , as i have to ... 67430 6743167432 i got bored with my webcam waiting for my class to start . i'm usually not a camera person , i update my facebook profile picture like once a year ... maybe once every year and a ... i hate april fools day . : angry : there's a site i'm regularly on and the admins are screwing everything up today for a laugh , but i don't find it funny , i'm actually quite freaked out about it . ... you can always change the scenery my friend , no matter where you are in the world . the only person to be able to bring about positive change in your life is only you . if you want it improved , improve ... hello fellow infj ! welcome to perc ! : happy : overwhelmed . 2 exams , 2 projects , 3 homework assignments ... this week ... ugh . http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9u23y0F4x1rtrej0o1_250.gif mondays . i find everyone else intimidating to approach , and they find me intimidating because i'm alone in the corner doing my own thing because i'm terrified to talk to them . : confused : i never been on a ... o . o i don't know about anyone else ... but when i come across a spider i run and grab my dad ... because he can kill it ... or anyone else who isn't afraid of spiders attacking you ( we have jumping ... i can wiggle my pinkie toes at will without wiggling any of my other toes with them . so far i have yet to find someone else who can do it too ... maybe there's hope ... maybe i'm not super mega ... i dislike group projects . why ? because i am either doing nothing because everyone else is handling it and i'm getting yelled at for it , orrr no one is doing anything and i'm getting yelled at ... if i'm driving my daily highway routine ( to and from school ) i know how the traffic moves , which lane to be in at certain times , where to speed , where to not speed , where the cops hide ... the list ... oh boy oh boy a survey ! i love surveys ! : laughing : what are your interests and hobbies ? i don't have a whole lot of interests and hobbies . but my interests and hobbies typically are in ... i always cringe when people give me gifts that are ' too much ' or i know are expensive in some way . i'm usually always like don't spend so much money on me , when they tell me they're getting me a ... people tell me ... 1 . i'm intelligent , i know what i'm talking about ( usually i don't ? ) 2 . i'm kind , caring , sweet , nice , etc . 3 . i have a good sense of humor 4 . i give good advice and ... birthday : april 10th sign : aries the aries description doesn't fit me all too fantastically well . : unsure : slytherin according to pottermore . for this test : slytherin - 12 ravenclaw - 11 hufflepuff - 10 gryffindor - 9 most tests place me in ravenclaw usually , sometimes slytherin , sometimes ... i came across this site by fluke the first time around when asking google a really random out there question 2ish years ago . perc showed up as one of the top 5 . i was aware of personality types as i ... ... you're plotting my demise aren't you ? hahaha . when i'm in quiet mode after my friend says something he believes i took offensively when i didn't . i like it for its spirit , passion and flow . gives that sort of ' yeah ! ' effect on you to accomplish anything your hearts desires . lifts you up in an unwordless way . if this was spoken in a ... i read through every single post in this thread . i'm amused . really i am . i laughed so hard . http://cf.sketchfu.com/i/2338222.png guys . i hope you have umbrellas ... or you're gonna taste the ... i used to fear being weird , being bullied way back in the day for being ' weird ' , but now ... i take my weirdness in stride . weird is a word that means it's unusual and foreign to an individual , ... i'm feeling . i don't know . someone on my facebook had their car broken into and their stuff stolen a couple of days ago . he's only seeing red , and it makes me shake my head because he's refusing to ... architecture ! guess i'm not the only one ! i actually enjoy it though . xd then after my b . s . arch ( dec 2013 ! pretty excited ! ) i plan on getting a dual masters in architecture and management ... <--- infj when being called out in public it's like my cover is being blown on my top secret mission to gather intelligence about everyone in the room . it ruins my concentration , makes me squirm , ... ack . is it even possible for type to change so much ? i was a 5w4 4w5 9w1 a couple of months ago when i took this quiz . like seriously . agh . i can never see myself as a 3w2 .. even as my 3rd type . i'm ... my dog regardless is like ... an enfj . she's smart ... yes . highly intelligent who likes to solve problems on her own . she'll purposefully roll her ball under the coffee table or in some hard to reach ... i love all of you . <3 3 haha . i'm not on frequently enough to get to know many of you guys . but you're all wonderful people . not much gossip there ... hello fellow 5 . welcome to the posting side of perc . we have brownies . 1 . me ... you ... noon . global warming ! i'd probably go ... o . o wtf ? whyyy ? no . i consider this weird in my opinion . 2 . yes . please don't interrupt . not because it takes energy ... but because ... welcome to the forum ! <3 3 you made my day rather unusual . just saying . my cousin's out of surgery and in icu . still a challenge though . : unsure : thanks everyone for letting me know people out there care . <3 33 on a rant ... this really isn't a vent ... but ... my cousin may or may not die today or even in the next few days . i'm being relatively calm about it because my mom is not . it'll effect me externally later on ... i want like 10-20 acres of land somewhere where there's all four seasons , out in the middle of nowhere . i don't know what it looks like yet , but that's okay . i want a large enough house to fit me , my ... personally ... i don't know why i have a wall . in fact i think i have a few layers of walls . like an old city on a hill or something . probably because i don't like people knowing so much about ... i got an email from an old friend who moved in 7th grade to the other side of the us . :) awe thanks ! <3 3 it's actually more or less just being around people while working out . one of the only reasons why i'm up at 4 in the morning , because everyone in my household is still sleeping . not ... i exercise almost everyday in the wee hours of the morning on the wii or surfing youtube for videos and that usually ends up with me crawling the rest of the day because something cramped up . haha . ... nah ! ! nothing to worry ! especially if he chuckled due to your distress about it . he was just making an observation . probably a playful observation at that if he knew it'd rattle you a little bit ... do we ? i don't hear it ? then again when i hear myself i sound like a child and it ruins my perception . i always get the is your mommy or daddy home ? when i pick up the phone from a stranger ... '