' alright , everybody not the op , here's what imma say : don't feed the trolls . just move on . thank-you ! as always : peace and love inforjoking : that made my heart pitter-patter ; thank-you . mp2 : i'm actually quite confident in myself , personally , so when people say i need that it doesn't make sense . i guess it's gotten ... i'll take it ! if everyone knows : fine . in the words of donald glover : so i learned cut out the middle man , make it all for everybody , always everybody can ’ t turn around and tell everybody , ... as a guy who's only five foot two ... this makes me realize why i'm screwed . : unsure : if it helps : i wear boots often ( makes me like five three ;) ) heck , one of my friends once said , if you were ... they say i'm : talkative , affectionate , calm , thoughtful & driven they say : easily excitable , talkative but not approaching people , shy at parties , relaxed . no , but i have a problem finishing projects because i get new ideas for a new project halfway through and just drop what i'm doing . very few projects i've began have been seen through all the way ... it's interesting : as someone who goes to a christian university , i identify as such however after we ran a poll in a class asking if we're more religious or spiritual and a lot of us ( myself ... i eat breakfast everyday , i love breakfast i'll have it for lunch and dinner ! scrambled eggs in sliced toast ( artisan bread ) with turkey bacon and turkey sausage ( i don't eat pork ); 3 pancakes on ... lately , losing a lot of friends because of a decision i made ( that , to me , felt innocent ) has made me feel that making deep connections might be my downfall . there's only two people whom i've ever ... i don't like to lie to spare others feelings , i feel it's better to just be honest . won't tell someone i like their outfit if i don't . personally , i'd much rather prefer people just be honest , it'd ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbsZnsr0lI4 because i've been going through a bunch but this keeps me going mentally to keep pushing forward . nah , you good man . people always assuming out there , sometimes it's a good little reminder to ask before you act . what was your introduction to perc like ? what lead you to join , whether you have been here much longer than i have or you have just joined this morning ? i've been here a few months now and ... i used to get stressed all the time until a life-changing conversation with a friend and have only been stressed one time since then ... and that was a ton going on at one time with my friends . the ... you know ... there are words today that i constantly spell wrong despite knowing they're wrong . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_HReR_McQ&t=1s even from a very young age , i can come across as extraverted ( i think we can see i'm not ) and tried finding my own group of people to hang out with . but ... i never have had a point in time of my life ... even from a very young age , i can come across as extraverted ( i think we can see i'm not ) and tried finding my own group of people to hang out with . but ... i never have had a point in time of my life ... final update in regards to my now former best friend and i : she said she doesn't wanna be friends with me anymore ( so i can move on , but i feel it's more for her ) . should've stayed quiet . ... serious or goofy ? serious romantic or practical ? romantic artistic or scientific ? artistic ( despite being a science major ) warm / friendly or slightly cold / aloof ? ( i . e . when interacting ... i have an amazing friend i go to school with whom is an amazing infj and one of my favorite human beings ever ! she's so calm , collected , inspirational , caring and legitimately the sweetest woman i've ... marv : as a psychology minor , super interesting and thank-you ... as a human being who read the whole thing about anxious preoccupied from the link you attached ( thank-you by the way ! ) i gotta ... soul_searching : it's beautiful ! ! ! i love it too ! but hey ... the ring isn't as important as the person you're asking :) marv : admittedly , also not the first person to tell me that . while i am 20.5 ( if we got super specific ) i also can admit ... no clue what to fix about myself right now . if there's a part to be fixed , ... my first time falling in love was a few months ago , i'm 20 . i've crushed hard on girls before ... but never loved . she's my best friend in the world and recently i told her how i felt but she doesn't ... i was mistyped as an enfj for the longest time until i learnt more about myself in certain situations ( like parties ... ) however , if anybody scours my posts and believes there is a mistake in my ... i've been going through a lot of girl problems lately ( not getting into it here ) and was texting a friend and i asked , why will no girl bae me ? and i listed all the things i can do: photography ... official update : i'd sent her a lengthy thing about how it's rude she hasn't been responding to me after saying she needed time to think ( but it's been almost two weeks ) . and how i don't ... 1 . get married 2 . travel to at least 5 different countries 3 . start a yt channel 4 . release a mixtape 5 . meet my celeb crush top five favorite songs : one of the loveliest human beings i know recommended this song for me when she noticed i was bummed about something that had occurred recently . only been about 2 months but i listen to this whenever ... overanalyzed : been to italy ? i've never even left the states before . but i'm feeling downtrodden here . it's been my whole life and i feel like a major change of scenery is what i need . having been ... charlie.elliot : i think most of us have had that crazy idea too ! heck , i swore i'd get my drivers license this summer ... gotterdammerung : i'm still figuring this life thing out too . but i've ... snowflake minuet : first things first : moving to italy would be pretty great ( i know nobody there though ) . second : that's interesting , i was rather similar in a lot of manners growing up with ... i tend to have a lot of random ideas that i work on in my mind quite often and am curious of a few others have had as well : lately i'm thinking of leaving the states after college to move ... it's alright ! i want for her to be happy and if she is happy ... i'll be okay ! sure , i'd prefer her to be with me , but it looks like there are other plans in life for me . just happy she and i are still ... official update : out of nowhere ... she got back with her ex . i'll now go deal with heartbreak for a bit . so yesterday i hung out with my best friend ( best friends for a year now , friends for 16 months ) , whom i'm in love with , for 6 hours and we had the most perfect time ever . it was like a dream with ... see original answer . haha . why not ? it was hard for him to awake this beautiful day , another perfect one . aaron sat on the bench by the dilapidated cabin awaiting the day's end . slowly , slowly , the chariot dragged the sun ... - solve the issue to our problems repeatedly - go for long walks only to find we found our way back home by accident ( for all i know , i walked the block 30 times ) - try to scare someone or ... snowflake minuet : umm ... yes ! there are many things in life that are bad in overabundance ... except love for others . - also : as a christian as well , i've learnt to not judge people or attempt to judge their place in the world ... tv show : master of none book : contemporary eatary ( if you like cookbooks ; it's an italian one ) orstrength to love by rev . dr . martin luther king jr . movie : it happened one night ( 1939 ) oh goodness . i relate to the introverted extravert ( as an ambivert however ); i've certainly mentioned in other threads how it depends on group size how i act around people . crowds of more than ... tell us about your current avatar ! why did you pick it ? does it represent something ? does it say infj in some way for you ? what has been your history with avatars ? do you like to change them ... describe your ideal woman ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZklwTGZutc all kidding aside : a woman who is intelligent , wants ( and loves ) kids and yet her own career in some way , knows what she ... in other words , and in romantic relationships do you lean toward the belief that if it is meant to be , then it will be ? or are you more likely to be proactive and make something happen ? can it ... when , if ever , do you enjoy being in a crowd ? never , i can be almost extraverted ( fun fact , i'm an ambivert ) in groups with at most 4 people ; once it passes that ... i'm a mouse . i shut down and have ... let me be so honest right now : i love romance movies there's always something happening in life . what is something that you have always dreamed about doing but have procrastinated for whatever reason ? ( not enough money , time , kids , school , etc . ) this'll be a list : - moving to italy for a ... '