' welcome to the forum calaide ! nice to see another danganronpa avatar , nanami is the best :D once i dyed my hair from dark brown to black . it was some crazy shit . infj ? you're probably mistyped :) istj 1w2 proud of u why did i click on this thread yeah istp is good fit for u . yeah you entp af same sounds like he could be intp but you're not giving us much here . need more specific description for accurate answer yes , fo sho . there's no denying the fi , jak xd welcome to the forum ! :) whatup laz . we got hella intps on here so make yourself at home ! :) wagons are p chill so i won't complain tbh care to elaborate on your choice for intps ? intp of course , you roboto :) thank you shinnicakes for asking the real questions . i'd say clam chowder and pho are my favourite soups ! i would def be open to dating other intps , if i found them interesting . type isn't really a dealbreaker for me . sometimes it boils down to good or bad vibes , and those can be had with any type ... u got it bb <3 i carry two pairs of the same glasses , if that counts . but it's like ... totally fine ... so welcome to the forum ? intp 9w1 , sp / so . i'm not very image focused . i do try to be seen as an amiable and agreeable person ( putting on a smile and such ) and am typically guarded about my opinions about certain things , but ... yeah , once in a while it's nice to be reminded that you have feelings and you're sort of a normal human being after all ;) and who doesn't like the ol ' cathartic scream ? intp and 21/80 . thought it would be higher . i've never been tested for autism though , and no one has ever thought that i should , haha . anyone else doubt the validity of this test ? - atheism : agnostic , so yes / no depending on interpretation - vegetarianism / veganism : no - pansexuality , bisexuality , or asexuality : yes - strong liberal leanings : yes ? definitely liberal , not sure if ... ash you are as infp as they get <3 when i'm drunk the ne / fe completely takes over ti / si . so i act like a really sloppy entp i guess ... lol . hello maya the treblesomeviolinist ! as a treblesomeviolist myself , i love your username ! there are hella threads dedicated to fictional character typings so i hope you find this site to be a good and ... welcome to the forum kitty ! here you will find all of the information you need to create all the bests ships and otps . i wish you luck in your quest to ship them all . godspeed . intp , agnostic / atheist welcome to the forum sparkofenergy ! i guess i'm the hot sounding one ? lol . anyway , there are so many intps on here so don't be afraid to ask any questions ! the intp subforum is one of the most active ... welcome ! this forum is full of intps and if you check out the intp subforum i'm sure you'll find many topics of interest ! talked in class swore a lot left the school early sometimes tardy a lot late homework .. yeah that's pretty much it . i was pretty lame . intjs , does anyone honestly like you guys ? thenomad have you taken this test ? this might help you figure it out keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes toasteater , on the off chance that you are not an intp , i will personally round up every distressed pre teen i know to help you with your dream . welcome to the forum and stay toasty . honestly i can't help but appreciate that solid roast enxp i love that dom ne * swoon * i can already tell that you will be very good for this forum . the fact that it was papa johns probably merits a 2 point deduction . ˆthere's not much to go off of but i'll say intj 1 . i love comedies , mysteries , and cult classics and for the most part dislike action movies , sci-fi , and traditional sitcoms . 2 . the idea of ... ˆthis basically describes my thought processes as well . most of the time , once i finally make a decision , i find out that all of my speculating and worrying was really not necessary . i think you ... that's a good theory ! my ixfj parents were easy to get along with , but raising an esfp sounds like an absolute nightmare to me . xd that was the revelation that changed my life . i just joined , so perc is . xd yeah . we know . ( and it secretly tears us apart ) when you're just spacing out and thinking about shit and people interrupt you with are you ok ? . constantly . welcome ! entps are always fun to chat with and even more so if you have a background in psychology / psychiatry ! this may be the most ne post i've ever read haha . welcome to perc ! be careful or you might become addicted to the strange world that is mbti like so many of us on here xd welcome to the forum ! i'm pretty new to this as well and i test as infp about 40 % of the time but i've learned a lot from the forum even before i joined . don't be shy in posting whatever questions ... sloth , envy , pride are my top 3 . '