' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P7gar7efHI i'm 16 and in high school . pretty soon , i'm going to have to decide if i want to go to our technology center or if i want to get my general educations classes out of the way , and enter college with ... i'm currently playing dark souls . i'm 3/4 through ng + . after i get all the achievements ( yes , i'm one of those people ) , i'm finally going to play bioshock . also looking forward to elder scrolls ... 6 . why is it so hard for you to create something out of nothing ? you appreciate art , so why not make it ? because i have literally no artistic talent whatsoever . 7 . why do you look at the ... my older brother was a gamer , so i kind of owned a lot of consoles from birth . the first one i played was the snes , though . the first i bought with my own money was a ps2 , and i've played literally ... i think my eye color changes depending on my mood . i didn't even know until recently , when someone pointed it out . they're usually grey , but sometimes people tell me they're light blue or even green ... hormones are crazy . some people develop acne or odd facial hair . you got clairvoyance and apparently a superhero's disposition . seriously though , you're probably just really empathetic . people ... the whole special snowflake thing . every time i see anyone - infj or not - say that infjs are special in any way i start to dry heave . uncommon =/ = special . it makes us look pretentious and it's ... no snow , just freezing cold . it was - 7 degrees ( f ) without windchill this morning . it's supposed to be even colder tonight . hasn't happened yet , and i can't say i'm disappointed . i'm 16 , and teenage relationships ( at least the one's i've seen ) tend to be full of petty bullshit . i probably won't really concern myself with ... i'm a pretty dull person , so probably candidate 3 . i like humor , but i could live without it being a big part of my day . honestly , these are all bad for me because anyone who would be a 3 in the ... i thought the poll was asking for favorites , oops . i own all of these + a gaming pc . it's not listed , but my favorite classic console is the snes , although i mainly play pc and xbox 360 games ... these are hilarious . for some reason the one about xareth being ... insubstantial really got me . 1 . two chihuahuas eating an animal . 2 . two ninjas high-fiving ( although the hints of red suggest they may be fighting ) 3 . two people picking something up 4 . a gorilla reclining 5 . a bat 6 . a ... i'd buy both of my parents and brother whatever house they could possibly want , pay off all their debt and get them anything else they wanted . then i'd get myself a big house ( i don't really want a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOV3X0dxed0 right now : minecraft this weekend ( hopefully ): borderlands 2 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4rwGeoFSXU homework is for nerds . drop out of school and do drugs . i just listen to depressing music and stew in my own sadness . if i'm not tired enough to sleep , that is . if i'm still feeling depressed i checked the internet for other people having my problem . it ... i'm extremely good at public speaking . i'm not a very talkative person ( understatement ) , but that's because i just don't like to talk , not because i'm bad at it . i can speak clearly and fluently , and ... time to learn sign language . never be able to talk again . would you rather have one of your legs slowly fed into a wood chipper up to your kneecap , or have sex with both of your parents . eat an apple with ants on it . the juices would hep with the taste . would you rather put toothpicks under all of your toenails and kick a wall every week for the rest of your life or slam your ... i know some do , but not most . you're always going to have people who think their group / demographic is better than everyone else's , but that's almost never the majority . i sometimes see people with a ... i'm feeling hopeless . i took another act prep test today and bombed it . i have to get a good score on that test , it literally determines the course of my life , and a 21 is going to cut it . i was also ... my neutral face is kind of angry looking ( or so i've been told ) . i'm also a quieter person , so people tell me i look grumpy or aggressive a lot . i've been working in on making better eye contact ... i hate everyone my age . i can't get through a day without someone forcing me into an awkward situation in which i manage to offend at least one person . i hate offending people . right now i'm pretty ... i managed to go a day without sticking my foot in my mouth , which has left me in a better mood than normal . usually i come home at the end of the day and reflect on how many social interactions i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmGXmFtCi3E&feature=relmfu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuYkcQ3FJtM&feature=relmfu 41 . i think that's mid-range . for the first time in my life i decided to be optimistic about something , then was quickly reminded why i'm a pessimist . i thought i might actually have a good school year , but that idea was ... i really have to start going to bed at a normal time ... i should really get a new bed ( or futon in my case ) * mentally preparing for the day ahead * anxiety and insomnia . not a good combo to have , because they kind of make each other worse . i also got to go back to school today which is a nightmare that i get to have over and over for the next ... i have no idea what any of this means , but here ya go . sun : gemini moon : gemini mercury : gemini venus : gemini mars : gemini jupiter : capricorn saturn : aries uranus : aquarius 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes , and do so regularly . 2 . have you ever attempted to kill yourself ? no , although i could give you a detailed explanation of where , how , when , right down ... angela from the inheritance series iroh from the last airbender roy mustang from full metal alchemist vivi from final fantasy ix bartimaeus from the bartimaeus trilogy ( biased , but that was my ... i was raised baptist , i'm currently agnostic . i wouldn't back anyone who supported pedophiles . i refuse to support anything that directly conflicts with my own beliefs . although i don't think it ... nothing to do about it now . to prevent this from happening again , i would recommend that you fill your vagina with rubber cement . i was a fairly quiet kid . i absolutely loved to read , and was very good at it . as early as kindergarten , i was reading so much faster and more comprehensively than the other student that my teachers ... believe it or not , school . i've had a enough time to relax , but now i'm bored most of the time at home ( i don't do much during summer break ) . i have another 2 weeks to wait . i'm sure i'll be singing ... metalcore is my favorite music genre . i don't try to hide that , but almost no one is okay with it . even metalheads don't usually like that particular sub-genre . what i don't tell people is i also ... i'd like to die protecting someone . not so i would be remembered as being brave or anything , i'd just like to do something meaningful with my life . i imagine myself tackling a suicide bomber out of a ... that time i ran through my kitchen and slipped on some water , landing on my back when i was 7 . i haven't experienced such a moment yet , but hopefully will someday . i don't mind mid-sized parties ( 15-20 people ) . there was on at my house 2 weeks ago , and it wasn't that bad . as long as i have friends with me , we just kind of stay near each other and hang out . we ... when i don't have anything to do for extended periods of time ( so basically during the summer ) i become nocturnal . right now , i go to be around 8 am and wake up 6-7 pm . i don't do it on purpose , i ... i'm pretty incapable of creating happiness for myself . i'd describe my mood as neutral most of the time , meaning i'm not particularly happy , but i'm not particularly sad either . i have to have ... i use sub titles on anything foreign . dubs are a lot worse ~ 90 % of the time ( in my opinion ) . i also like to have subtitles on in games because i don't hear things a lot in those . i don't use them on ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIZVk0e-qD4 answering questions on yahoo answers and listening to music . '