' hi everyone ! took a little time off and feeling much better :) so i have a quick question about dating & romance . have any of you found that when you go on dates , the guy / girl move really ... once again , i'm just amazed by this community and how helpful & kind you all are to a complete stranger . every single post here has brightened my day . thank you so much ! thank you to the members who have reached out to me over the past few weeks . that means so much to me : happy : this is a really strange time in my life and i guess i'm just looking for some ... http://troll.me/images/forever-alone-20/forever-alone.jpg ^ ^ me ! ^ marry v snog i idealize people that i'm into romantically , because i want them to be something they're not . slowly learning my lesson :) no specific types , but any of the following traits are annoying : narcissism , selfish , rude , manipulative , fake , superficial , mean ... my enfj first love was a narcissist . absolutely tore me apart from the inside . the end of that relationship spun me into a depression that resulted in my becoming an infp . i suppose maybe it's always ... this probably isn't topic-worthy , but i just wanted to share it anyways . instantly reminded me of all of you :) off to sleep now , goodnight ! i'm not , because narcissists are the most obnoxious , unpleasant , manipulative people in the world . if i have a moment where i'm proud of myself / something i've done , i keep it to myself ( or share it ... i think love is the thing that keeps a person coming back to someone's grave ages after they're gone . a bond that cannot be explained , but something beyond powerful that spans life & death i've ... the h part is actually optional . it's not always hyper and jumpy , it's just having great difficulty concentrating / focusing on a task . i know exactly what you're talking about ! you need to spend time with people who are : 1 . open-minded 2 . empathetic otherwise you will lose yourself in people who have strong personalities , ... the best we can do is learn to conquer our demons , or better yet , learn to love them . i've adopted a new method of dealing with things that annoy me . i've come to terms with the fact that i will never have the guts / awareness to point something out exactly when it happens . so i process ... morbid topic , sorry ! but i'm really curious if this is related to personality type . i've never been afraid of dying - - i've been afraid of other things related to it , especially : physical ... i've learned how to type people very quickly just be reading the personality pages for each . it's really fun when they take it and you're correct :) dear k , you can destroy a person , but you can never destroy their dreams :) peace & love jaxy 1 . kindness is contagious 2 . no one can control your emotions or your attitude except for you 3 . everyone is fighting a battle just as hard as your own 4 . kittens still solve everything ... yup , everyone calls me an old person . i go to bed at 9 ( by choice ) and wake up at 6 ( by choice ) , i dislike loud music , and i dislike partying . i think wisdom comes from adversity , and i feel lucky to ... i use words to express how much i care about someone , so i guess it just means a lot to me when i hear it from someone else ! just like you clearly value actions more , so it means more when someone ... sorry to hear about this , slightly ... what an unfair accusation . i think the best thing you can do is realize this isn't personal . you're clearly a very compassionate , kind person ( i know this ... any of you guys / gals on absolutewrite.com ? extremely helpful community of writers :) a great place to throw around ideas and get valuable feedback i sit at the computer for 6 hours and think about how i should write but then go on the internet instead and then spend the next 2 hours being frustrated for not writing anything . maybe i should ... same here ! the maverick thing is new , and i've finally started to take pride in my dreamer / crazy side :) i used to just do it automatically ( never aware of it ) - - all i knew was that it felt good when people liked me , so the more i pleased people the happier i was . i used to be more of an enfp . once the ... i'm type 2 - so there ya go ! does anyone else suffer from this ? absorbing / mirroring parts of peoples ' personalities when you're with them ... it drives me crazy . it's great when i'm with people i like ( people who laugh and are ... i treat my relationships with the utmost care & respect . i love making gifts , planning romantic dates , and being emotionally supportive . when i go quiet and look down , it means you've done something ... i think for some types it doesn't matter as much . but i know for me , learning i was an infp was one of the most eye-opening experiences in the world . i used to think i was crazy :) i think you're exactly right , but it's still frustrating . i look up to people who i admire , i don't mock them ! this is a habit i'm trying to break . i'm so calm and peaceful when i'm by myself just thinking . i've got total control of my mind . but when i'm with friends or acquaintances , it all goes out the ... finding just one person to share adventure and kindness with makes me totally happy . exploring nature , exchanging nice gestures , having someone to talk to , making each other smile ... it's why humans ... you'd make a fortune ! :) all the best with your journey - - my thoughts and heart are with you of course ! do you have a donation / paypal thing set up anywhere ? i'd like to help , with or without the article lol he just texted me to tell me he reorganized all of my kitchen cabinets , i think i've found my new favorite type :) thank you both ! ! great advice , and it all already seems to be spot on :) another question - - i love doing little spontaneous / romantic things , like a gift or a surprise night by the river or ... i think forgiveness is a beautiful thing - - anyone can change :) the problem is forgetting . someone might be able to forgive a lie , but it'll take a long time for them to forget it . hi everyone , infp here : happy : i just met an isfj last week and he's really great ! he's funny , kind , and so sweet . we've gone on a few dates now and things are moving in a good direction . i'm pretty ... you're not bipolar , you just had the lovely opportunity to speak with someone who brought out the best parts in your infp-ness . someone who i'm guessing has more to talk about than their job , tv , and ... ever tried meditation ? give yourself 30 minutes each morning & night to clear your mind . just like every other part of your body , the brain needs exercise to stay healthy :) i'd definitely echo what littledeer said : medication won't get to the root of your problem . healing without meds can be a slow and extremely difficult journey , but i think in the end you gain ... oh lol sorry , age assumption failure :P dang it , getting married and having kids was supposed to be my happy life plan ! not as fun as i'm imagining ? fall in love , dream a lot , and leave reality for everyone else to deal with . it's boring anyways :) i used to be the worst sleeper in the world , and melatonin really did help . i wish there was something to help me get to sleep faster though ( besides sleeping pills of course ) , my mind never seems to ... i just can't stop doing it . it's kinda painful . it really broke my heart . traumatized me deeply . the edge of committing suicide . please delete her and don't look back . nothing good will ... hey aeroplane , good luck , they should definitely be able to help . i'm so sorry to hear you've been battling this for some time now on your own . don't worry about labels and titles - - all you know ... it went amazing ! ! ! thank you everyone :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSFLZ-MzIhM 2:18 makes me cry '