' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytb7J0ciBcE gender : undetermined age : 20-30 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : estp i still believe i am an enfj , i am 18 years ... you let the enfj's find you : cool : but ... in all honesty , you should just be yourself and live your life the way you do not looking for a relationship because i can nearly promise that when a ... i figured , but ... just incase : wink : i disagree with this reasoning : tongue : , i think a big part of it is society norms shaping how we grow up , what we aspire to be , what the people around us expect us to be , etc , i feel there is alot ... yey now i can work with iths : laughing : busybodies , if this means getting involved in other peopes private lives ( i do get involved when im asked but i dont pry myself into other peoples lives , ... one of my best friends who just moved away to college was an istp and i found it so fascinating how she just has such a different point of view about everything from me ... dating , family , love , so so ... for the first few days , for highschool at least , i was always extremely quiet and reserved .. but after i would be able to come out my shell and be the loud person i am .. so enfj's can be introverted ... what healthy enfj doesnt enjoy rule breaking ? ( devilish smile ) but on a serious note , i don't see whats unhealthy about her but maybe im not healthy either in your eyes , as long as she's not doing ... i have , i dont think im much of one as much anymore , but i remember when i used to date a girl and her family would ask me if i ever wanted to do something like help them or try something and id ... 1 . how frequently do you go on dates ? not as often as i would like due to money and around that time i didnt have a job but if going to eachothers house n spending the day together counted as a date ... you've had some poor experiences than , but not all exfj's are atrocious , im a pretty great dictator , err i mean leader ... different people need different types of support from a leader though , some ... i had one for 6 months but it sadly ended , we met in a class together and she was very shy but i brought her out of her shell and we are still friends although post breakup so im a senior in highschool and ive been looking up degrees , bachelors , masters , phd's , grad schools , ugh so much , and it adds stress and stress because just when i feel like i found something i ... im not a infp ... my gf is , shes pretty quiet , at first around random people , it took alot for me to get her out of her cacoon , im a social butterfly tho :) enfj free spirits most free spirits like to seek out new experiences ; they prefer to enjoy these experience on an emotional level without poring over or analyzing them . they tend to enjoy the ... maybe when i was younger ... and i felt bad for myself instead of using my energy for something productive ... and i cryed ... alot ... but it all gets better :) if you truly have bi polar disorder i highly suggest getting professional help , if you havent been tested for doctors you might not even have bipolar disorder ... maybe your just going through puberty ... when i was younger i felt ton of pressure especially sense i went to a catholic pvt school but now ever sense the profits gotten lifted off my shoulders ive naturally calmed down a little and started ... mom : enfp dad : ( not sure ) im thinking istp me : enfj :) anyone have a bachelor in chemistry ? ive herd there is alot of math but is calc really the highest level of math for chemistry ? is it more of logic than math ? is it more of laws than anything ? can ... im dating an infp rn , only 3 months ... so not long term .. yet :) , it all has to start from somewhere but im very happy rn with her and feel so comfortable with her and better than my past relationships ok so first off nice profile pic , where do you work now or what kind of jobs could you get with your degree ? it kinda worries me that it might be to specific of a degree ( biochem ) vs just chem ya ... depends how bad you get on my bad side , its usually alot of little talk or trying to talk to other people i feel really bad ignoring people even when i was beyond pissed off so ... ive decided if im ... this isnt at all mbti this is your choices ... omegle ? really ? no matter what you say we all know 98 % of guys on there are just trying to jerk it infront of girls ... your going to judge a whole ... not sure but its probably a waste of money , you have so many resources that are probably better for free just do some exploring :) you guys think personality is determined by genetics ? thats a possibility but i think it has to do with more nurture vs nature im not sure i wish i knew more though :) alot of you brought up a great ... well ... maybe it could make you socially awkward not sure if you are :) but i could see you if you enjoy being an only child as an introvert so i know the titles a little stupid but its susposed to catch attention and if your here it did its job so please dont say anything about it ... ok down to work the more i talk to people ive noticed ... i drink socially , hoping so smoke over the summer , gots a friend who grows weed and shrooms ( might try the shrooms aswell ) well when i was a child my problem was being to kind but i remember standing up to a bully for a neighbor who i just met in the 6th or 5th grade , i wish i could right more :( i will expand this when ... that there is such thing as to touchy or to talkative this was pretty cool to read , thanks for posting :) ooohhh this is a site i lost but now ive found it mucho gracias ! :) i really really really love these can you please keep making them / updating them ? :) thank you so much this is beyond helpful and makes total sense :) thankies ! so im very interested in an infp girl , shes sweet and shes so cute how shes an introvert and shes just great but it kinda makes me think she wouldnt go for me when she tells me that i flirt with alot ... ( 1 ) how is it like to lose your identity sometimes and get caught up in what people are doing ? how do you ground your identity ? i have my own identity ? oops sorry sometimes i forget , i dont think i ... does anyone here have their bs in biochem ? or maybe a higher level of medical school with this somehow mixed in it ? i really have some questions about it if anyone can help me :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-jwWYX7Jlo please post your opinion of this video says lots of things kinda enfj related in a way ish : 3 anyways post ur own motivational vids to :) my best relationship so far has been with in infp which ended because of her moving but i still am great friends with her personally im not sure if im sub or dom it varys on my mood and the girl , im ... what kind of social anxiety or can you elaborate ? im kinda interested , sorry bout that if its really aggravating i transfered into a public school halfway through freshman year and i get asked all the time how i know so many people , most of these people that tell me that have been going to middle school with ... oh my , that looks sooo good , your making me drool nearly all my crushes have been introverts inxx range ( currently dating a esfp but struggling ) so im a jr in highschool and i was just curious maybe for inspiration if some peoples could tell me what they major'ed in im not sure what i want to do but i know i want to go to college so maybe ... 1 . your type enfj 2 . talk about why you want to join and would like to contribute i used to be in a skype group with some members of this website which was fun and interesting so why not :) 3 . who ... never have been interested in joining the military , but if i did id go airforce nono its very helpful thanks lots ! :) when i was younger i loved science , i still do and am inlove with genetics and bio but now my english scores are remarkably higher aswell as i enjoy it alot more english vs science im not sure ... lovely response thanks for taking the time to write that out '