' trope also an infp : 1 futuristic people strong in the futuristic theme are inspired by the future and what could be . they inspire others with their visions of the future . 100 gesso roses i'm not certain what british culture has to do with the personality cafe , but i do hope you enjoy the forums . it's always great fun to see people labeled with psychological categories interacting ... lodge infps often miss the thoughts behind what someone tells them ! > . > an infp is a passionate creature . if it's possible to make money off one's passion in an environment that isn't stressful , that's the way to go . if not , a job that's simple to train or school for and ... moose changed avatars . it looks nice ! umm .. tomes ( edited it to respond to marie claire's word ) lover lives ( haha slave lives ) vials mysterious critters ? i believe each infp is a world in and of themselves where critters are just a small part of a boundless whole :p roud : . i'm a well of inspiration . a world of colors , ... dear istp , that looks fine to me . perhaps even say something kindly first prior to showing him your temptation and refusal to accept said temptation because of your trust in the infp . either way ... i believe it bothers some of my family , but i can't help but go into tenor or baritone vocals at times . often solely for voicing nonsensical syllables or concepts . not around more than one person ... apart wraps raise crane this insight into the istp vernacular has made my life . you wouldn't know how special that slip of the tongue was . thank you ellis . the future has become bright ! shear i did exceptionally in school though rarely bothered to do any of the homework . homework had no meaning . it wasn't much to get a feel for the inner workings of the subject at hand . extra work seemed ... pedal you should ( do this ) more or why aren't you ( doing this ) why aren't i ? because i'm not interested . and your personal opinion about other people's free time should be kept to yourself . i'm not ... pecan 1 . you have the chance to meet someone with whom you have the most satisfying love imaginable - the stuff of dreams . sadly , you know that in six months the person will die . knowing the pain that ... i'd rather consider istps to be turtles . infps , i dunno . i can't think of turtles as fi dominant . you need to smile more often upsets me . i go through a large spectrum of emotions and appreciate their many nuances . i'm not going to stick to grinning like a creep all the time because it makes ... just for future reference : repeated disregard for person space , unwarranted solicitation , or otherwise not approved behavior is harassment if you've already asked him not to do it ( especially if this ... extra i've noticed many here have highly interesting avatars and thought it might be worthwhile if there were more to hear about them . since infps tend to have very avant-garde avatars , i chose to start ... route note to self : adventures are good . participate more often in them and remember that they're fun . depth and living environment also important .. this topic is interesting . an istp would stereotypically be considered static , so it's unique to see the range of personal opinions regarding it . i appreciate the fourth option in the ... euros psychopaths . what could an infp possibly do when dealing with one without succumbing to some sort of violence or getting far away ? unfeeling , self-aware , and immoral ? horrid . i imagine an infp vs a ... smelt dear lord , infps become stand ( jojo's bizarre adventure ) or persona users ? the moment they start posing in public or consider using a gun to summon their ideal selves , i'll die of embarrassment . ... squat drape having never been attracted to an nt ( stps & stjs yes , absolutely ) , perhaps i can be objective ? an nt has access to logic uninhibited by personal ties yet not necessarily in a literal or binding ... crate that awkward moment when your supervisor notices that you were being rather chatty ( when working alone . ) stark this is funny , because it actually happened . my response was a mad impulse to make her breakfast ( i failed to realize that i repeated the gesture weekly for a few months . after which , i found that ... infp due to the lack of knowing what you're doing and your focus on feelings , compliments , and colorful adjectives . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilA55DgNkWE i'm honestly considering importing it enfp , because you use happy emoticons . enfps have too much energy . any way to spontaneously exhaust them ? '