' you're boring . i just remembered that the other day as i was walking to the shops with some friends and i stopped mid-conversation and was like oh my god those plants are so green ! . was subsequently asked if i ... i came out of school once and my mum accused me of taking drugs . so my knee-jerk response was to laugh hysterically ... which didn't much help my case for convincing her i wasn't drugged up to the ... that's my theory and yes i do ! haha . i think we were secretly separated at birth . i'm exactly the same and i'm also a 7w6 . i used to be horribly shy to the point where i wouldn't buy things in a shop or answer my phone because it would mean interacting with people . i'd always get ... it'll be fine . it's sunday . seven projects due in on monday . your turn to do the dishes . your friends want to come over . you have a film you really want to watch . you're tired . you fall asleep . i don't really experience strong emotions in my life . i mean don't get me wrong , i am an emotional person , but i somehow tailor my life so that i don't really encounter these strong emotions . i ... i drink quite regularly ( but i'm a student , so i'm allowed ) although i haven't actually been ' drunk ' since before christmas , although tomorrow night that will probably change ... as it's a friend's ... anything and everything ! it really doesn't matter what genre or style a song is , if i like the sound of the song then i'll listen to it . so it's always a difficult question to answer when people ask ... huskie ! ! my plan is to not have any children , but instead get a huskie puppy and 2 grey tabby kittens at the same time so they all grow up together and i will have a collection of silvery , blue-eyed ... it's actually a lot less than that when you look at the figures . it's more like 97 % heterosexual and then 3 % homosexual / bisexual , or even less than 3 % in some studies . i did some googling , haha . loving these guys at the minute . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kC6Rl3HXaA i'm very selective about what i let people know and then who it is i tell . i'm not a great talker , i prefer to listen and absorb rather than have an input ( unless i think of something funny ) so ... i have 3 cats and i love them like my children . or what i imagine i'd love my children like . although i don't like children . so i'll just get more cats when i'm a grown up . but yes , i severely ... haha , no you post whatever you like , i still enjoy all the posts , it just made me laugh :) whatever catnip is your catnip should stay your catnip . catnip . i do love some of these images ... but this thread is starting to resemble a hipster's tumblr feed , haha . 100 % is pretty certain . haha . i read somewhere that no one is really 100 % straight or 100 % gay , but i may be wrong ! and yeh it is interesting to see the numbers stacked up against each other . a ... just curious to see what the numbers are like and have any discussion that may arise ! - sense of humour - good manners - genuine interest 3 biggies for me :) i don't believe in god and i can't ever see myself believing in a religion of any kind . i have my own morals and values and i live by what i know to be right and wrong . it's not ever something that i ... i also found i had an alter-ego when it came to performing . i used to do performing arts ( drama ) and everyone found it really strange that i could get up on stage and perform in front of hundreds of ... i definitely do this , although it's majority subconscious actions . depending on who i'm with i'm quite a different person and i tend to pick up little quirks from people quite easily . i see my ... i've been living in my overdraft for the last 3 years , but i am a uni student , so i guess that isn't uncommon . but any money i do earn i tend to spend like it's going out of fashion . it definitely ... sorry i didn't text back , my phone was downstairs / upstairs / outside / dead / no signal / in space / on fire etc . literally just had this encounter with my dad . he's mad at me now , haha . ok , i'm just leaving now . i'm currently in my underwear . i'm pretty quiet on a daily basis and do get quite a few speak up comments . my family accuse me of mumbling but i usually blame their ears , haha . it's a running joke that i have to order everything ... my closest friends at uni are : esfp isfp isfp isfp infp infp infj infj thought i'd add my two pence .. 1 ) i never saw myself as an artist and even dropped ' art ' as a subject at secondary school in year 9 . my friends still think it's weird that i've gone down this ... i'm a 7w6 which is apparently rare for isfp's ( we even have a thread about it , hah ) it was pretty accurate alongside the mbti . do you get along well with your mum ? my mum being an esfp and myself as an isfp , i'm definitely the most similar to her out of my brothers . she's commented on this long before we did the test and ... i've been getting my friends and family to do the test over the last week or so , because i find it so interesting and i'm loving reading up on everyones type and seeing how generally accurate it is , ... i'm not a huge fan of lana del rey , but i especially like this song , which i've been playing quite a lot recently . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjF_45mxU2Q i know with my entj housemate i go through periods of love and hate with him . sometimes we get on like a house on fire and it can be quite annoying for our other housemates because we can be loud and ... i have a very broad taste in comedy and i like most stand-up stuff . that's not to say i'm easily amused , i think i'm just the type who can usually see comedy and the funny side in everything . i'm ... i'm currently in my last year at uni doing illustration , i never really knew what i wanted to do and very nearly did drama or graphic design at uni instead , but very glad i chose illustration ! once ... when you read through all the other types and realise that you're the best type you can be ! ! the people in my class definitely have low-expectations of me , which is always funny when i do better than them in assessments ( which is regularly - and yet they're still surprised ! ! ) i think it's ... i'm exactly the same , i feel that when there are lots of i's i tend to be the centre of attention without really meaning to or realising , then when there are e's present i sink back into being an i ... also a member of this tribe ! ! i test a borderline i / e as well ! they usually don't stick around long enough to get any decent pictures or film of them , i'm usually too caught up in watching them anyway , i think they're fascinating little things :) you poor thing , ... i'm not really * that * awkward , unless i'm trying to explain myself or my ideas , in which case i'll fumble over words , lose track of my thoughts and interrupt the flow of what i was trying to say ... i believe i'm artistic and creative , like others have said , you rarely find you can be artistic without being creative , or at least if you are the work tends to be a bit 2 - dimensional . i'm ... 1 . i tend to use humour as a pacifying device and to be honest , i don't really experience conflict in my life . i'm good at reading people and when i can see that there is anger brewing i tend to ... haha , yeh people often talk about my obsessive nature when it comes to my cats . if i go home after being at uni for 2 months then i'm always more excited about seeing them than i am my family ! oops ... i'm exactly the same . i love my cats to the point where people call me a ' crazy cat lady ' , disregarding i am a man . my grandma loved cats and foxes and i see a lot of her in myself . i love big cats ... there's this site called ' lookbook ' which is community based around fashion . some of the stuff on there is quite wacky , but generally it's pretty fashionable stuff . even if it's not your style you ... yeh you're right , i was merely using it as an example because it sounds like a similar situation to what i'm in and that depression seems to be the root cause . everyone is different , which is what ... depression doesn't really work like that , well at least not for me . to all intents and purposes i'm a very happy person , in fact people comment on how i am * never * unhappy or angry or upset etc . but ... '