' you try to be around people you like as much as possible . you avoid those you despise . as a general rule , if you didn't care you wouldn't be there . so how do you show a person you care ? ... that's why you work your ass off to gain tenure . : bored : i'm still on track to be a rocket scientist . :p roud : yay ! as for the whole world domination plot ... an enfj they're like perma-happy ! :D stop wearing seatbelts ! you don't need a belt to stay seated ! - - - anywho - - - http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/airfoil.png there is no sense in denying it : my hobbies include math , music , and the internet . i'm very creative . for example , once i didn't have a ruler . so instead i took out some grid paper ( i knew the squares were . 5cm ) and used that instead . one time i didn't have staples for a make a ... sooo entps ! when you were 5-10 years old , what did you want to be when you grew up ? what do you do or plan to do now that you are all grown up ? do you think you're childhood self would ... psh ... hipsters :d ry : that's why i like mountain dew , i can drink it like it's water . :P nah , i have my own perscriptions , and my parents pay for those . : bored : what part of not sleeping , mountain dew , and keeping a 4.0 do you not understand ? i'm slowly driving myself insane ... wait , i'm already insane . : tongue : i actually am planning a reckless not ... lets see . first semester freshman , aerospace engineering . finals soon . 4.0 at the midterm ... plan to keep it that way . i don't sleep durring the week , eat whenever , drink too much mountain dew , ... so , its that time of year ... again . what does everyone want for decemberween ? let's face it . nts are hard to please . yes , we love and appreciate gifts as much as any other type , but there are ... i was thinking the same , except instead of life , i was thinking string theory . off the top of my head ... whence fare fro lest * shrug * oh ho ! add another half to that total . http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_V7Ehj7eG65Q/Sko63G34GSI/AAA1E/Y1u67_jKSYw/s320/ad+hominem.gif is texting an option ? i find it a very unthreatening , on your own terms sort of communication . why ? your reply can be as long ( to an extent ) or as short as you like . there are so many legit ... unless i've done somthing to draw their attention , i assume they think i'm attractive . why not just take them with you ? hey , provided they're old enough ( but not old enough :P ) i'm sure they'll get plenty of elementary street cred ! have you forgotten ? no shave november i love children . especially the inquisitive and clever ones . they are humanity's greatest experiment . you don't know how they will turn out , and yet you have such high hopes for them , so you ... experience is a bitch teacher . extending the metaphor , when people ( often older ) tell me not to take a class because the prof is a dick , i take their word for it . i'll take advice that makes sense from anyone , even if the advice was not intended for me . otherwise , it really depends how much i trust you . yeah , and it doesn't even matter why they say i love you . i love you ... ( because i am your parents ) - that's always comforting ( and by that i mean i admire you ) - flattering ( because you are a ... my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die . xd as for flattery ? i love you is sufficient . an internet forum geez that's a quick response ... if you wanted to chat i believe there's a lovely chat feature somewhere here . ;) i assumed it was a rhetorical device . ne wants to play ! i'm a humanitarian . of course i care . and i'm glad you enjoyed that . i put more effort into that than i did the previous part of the post ( which was all serious ) i just got carried away ... i ... why am i laughing hysterically ? the last time i laughed this hard at a youtube video was watching this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ7IfSeM4jc agreed . two drink minimum . okay this is going to sound like a whole bunch of change the way you think talk , and it is . let's begin . firstly don't tell god it's hopeless . god is all-powerful , and through him all ... inorite ? : bored : i have a habit of helping out whoever is losing dreadfully . : mellow : if you find out which anime she likes or the genre , i can probably make a very good guess about what she's like . i doubt she's as conservative as you think she is . really . if by anime girl you mean she likes anime , i wouldn't worry at all . if by anime girl you mean like a character from an anime then ... ojou - television tropes & idioms yamato nadeshiko - ... so am i ! people always tell me i'm short but i claim to be average ! : tongue : don't stop being you . she'll know it , and think it's stupid . also , the infp's i know hate being treated like they're oversensitive creatures . they will resent you for it . as for humor ? you can ... bs that test can be learned . i don't take pictures of myself : other people do . they always say they'll send them to me . rarely happens . people say i'm far too energetic in the mornings , and that i talk fast . generally i stop talking when people start looking bored . no point in talking to a wall . i agree with your boyfriend . lies are by definition are wrong . telling a lie in order to save a life doesn't suddenly make the lie true . : tongue : realistic ? nt's are too good for that . we deserve better than reality has to offer ! i'm voting intp for their badass analysis powers . all sorts of people point out i smile a lot . i guess i do . when people ask me why , i like to say i can't help it , i have so much to be thankful for ! you're in high school . high school boys often suffer from the following ailments - stupid - silly - insecure - immature i wouldn't sweat it too much . don't think of it as a waste of time because it isn't : it's grinding for levels . you'll feel super awesome when you're doing challenging stuff , because you won't be wasting much time or energy on ... so you're saying that the ideal partner would be both fun to be around and have similar values and interests ? absolutely brilliant . you deserve a high 5 ! ignorant people don't piss me off : it isn't always their fault . people who refuse to learn piss me off . what's wrong with having an extroverted percieving function ? perceptions gather information for you to judge . what kind of idiot draws conclusions without anything to base those conclusions on ? '