' deleted i wish i were a fast thinker . if someone asks me a question off-guard , i want to be able to speak and say things that flow well . i always need time to process my thoughts first , before replying , so ... https://66.media.tumblr.com/679b77838189de3972becfdb9c882d4e/tumblr_msmg2tggPH1qah4rlo2_1280.jpg when i think i finally accomplished something : https://49.media.tumblr.com/2f32a9607303e18608fcf0e0a8b3d317/tumblr_o645jd71Wl1tlb56zo1_400.gif him : you can leave if you got a problem me : ... https://45.media.tumblr.com/894d0cbb8727db80cde02d11392937e3/tumblr_n48w4r8qLw1r4zr2vo2_r1_500.gif you can only talk and say so much but people have to want to change for themselves . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwdbDJibWkU yep , in my head , i know the ways to make myself happy , like the things i should be doing or not doing ; i have all these ideas but rarely implement them . sometimes it's not easy to start doing or ... i would rather take the book to the library and go to one of their quiet rooms or just find a quiet , secluded spot and read it there , rather than at a bookstore cafe ( just seems too public for my ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rnIPEx7slE horses . rabbits . i've read a portrait of the artist as a young man and ulysses by joyce . i read siddharta by hesse back in the 12th grade and loved it . since then i've read demian and goldmund and loved those ... when people are inconsiderate . and / or insensitive . when people take advantage of others . gossip and / or when people try to turn others against you . when people chew with their mouths open . ... timing is important to me . if we agree to meet at a certain time , try your best to arrive at that time . if you are going to be late , give me a call or text me to let me know . things happen ; i get it ... i want to straighten my hair more . my hair's too thick and hard to manage sometimes . i rarely use heat and have not used it much since i gave up relaxers years ago . i usually find other ways to ... i don't think so . i was thinking about this the other day . my heart is actually what i would love to donate . donating would not affect my soul in any way , as my body and soul are two different entities . a ) a work in progress : i'm still trying to figure out a lot of things about myself and better myself in a lot of ways . b ) not of this world : this is a biblical phrase , but my saying this has ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjROLMhfBs8 i hate presentations . i got nervous during my presentation yesterday and it showed . and to think i've another one tomorrow and this one will be longer too . i need to go into hiding right about now ... with the right person , you wouldn't have to worry about them not liking you after a while , not finding you mysterious , taking advantage of you or taking you for granted , etc , because of your openness ... i'm so stuck ; i don't know how to start this paper . i went to bed last night , or this morning , i should say , at 3am . i'm becoming more and more of a night owl , not by choice but by force . and here i ... yes ! i drink it every morning ( w / a straw - just so it doesn't get to my teeth ) with slices of ginger and garlic . i love how lemon water can clean a tea-stained cup so perfectly . niiice . the 3 feathers are beautiful . i've thought about it , but won't be getting any . i'm sorry . just because she's moving away doesn't mean the friendship has to end . there're ways to keep in touch : skype , phone calls , emailing each other , etc . before she moves , you can handwrite her ... after hearing sia's awesome i'm alive today , i was reminded of just how much of a privilege it is to be alive , and i am grateful . waterloo , on , canada naturally i'm a morning person , in terms that i was always the first person to wake up in the morning , and still am but i also consider myself a night person because night's my favourite time to go ... this happens voluntarily for me . i don't think i'm good at it , as my feelings are usually all over the place . these days i sometimes suppress them which helps me forget about them for a while , which ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0qXRDCgxRI this is partly why i don't interact much with people . it has always been this way for me and it seems that the older i get the worse it becomes , so unfortunately for me i do not think it will get ... it doesn't necessarily mean she's saying or doing anything to deserve it . there are people who hate for no reason ( in terms that you have not done anything at all to warrant it ); they do exist . they ... i experienced a major betrayal two years ago and it's one of the worst feelings ever . i trusted this person and never expected them to do what they did . i felt something was wrong . i just didn't ... you should thank your lucky stars you aren't one . kindness yes . mermaids , angels , dragons , aliens . i lost my cellphone two days ago . i was so worried and sad . yesterday , a stranger found it . he called the last person i had texted ( he used another phone ) , who then emailed me and told me someone ... are you serious ? : angry : stop doing that . : angry : : happy : : happy : i love sharing ; i don't mind at all because i love helping people . but it's just inconsiderate when i loan someone something , and i've to be the one to ask them back for it days later ( i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yQ0Fll_9pM i am waiting for marriage ( that is , if i ever get married ) . one thing that's important for me is emotional connection and it's definitely something that must be present before i ever have sex with ... [: yeah , you're right . i will add them . hi . lol , you're not intruding . : happy : yes , there is . i have set it to only me and then clicked on view timeline to see how my page looks ... so , i joined fb and i joined the group for my program at sch . 3 people have sent me friend requests and i'm surprised because we do not even talk in class . the thing is that i don't have any friends ... i hate being put on the spot . i need time to think . right now i feel like getting away . i don't seem to fit in anywhere . even my family treats me like i'm a stranger . + 1 : crying : : crying : i just want to help him get his cookie back . http://38.media.tumblr.com/c541f6cddd1499e930ee9a772122dbf6/tumblr_nms8essvqR1s2yegdo1_400.gif ... never go back to an ex . you can and should learn from the past , but don't go back to it . it's up to you . '