thats perfect . that is just what i need . but the thing is that intuition is a mysterious thing , and it can be quite hard to distinguish the two . however , i do know that i would hate to be a p , and ... ok ... thank you . give me a sec to think about this one . im not going to put pointless information on here because it probably will not help . so please just tell me what you all need to know , and i will provide it . i think im infj . i just spent this whole time from 12 , looking for it . btw , the last time i made a decision was getting on this computer , especially this late at night , while knowing that if i got ... i just need some major help , and i need some direction . i have reconsidered every letter of my type , and i will just not be able to be sure that any type is actually my type . ask any question , and ... well , in that case ... i am definately an enfp , as i talk to more people , than i read books . wow ... so i guess its whether i read books more , or talk more , huh ? ok ... i have just completed an assessment at 41q.com , and it seems i am pretty much stuck between the two personality types . can someone tell me what the major and minor differences between the two ... im thinking that i really am an infj , but the thing is ... is that i don't want to rule out any possiblilties . i also cant figure out which feeling , or intuition functions i use . hmm , im not that easy going . im not that organized . and sometimes i cant focus for anything . other times , i zone out appearantly . im not sure if my flexiblity . could i just be an infx ? wow ... im going to have to think about that post for awhile . it definitely helped , as i have not gotten that type of answer before . usually they are the same ( i've asked this questions other times , ... i have already done those things . but im still a little confused . what type of things are infp's able to do that infj's cant do , or is bad at . and vice versa , as well please . i want to know which one , because hopefully this will give me a clear and definite answer . just letting you know ... lol , you people can really type . it is so freakin long ! ! ! * no pun intended , lol * im asking this because its abnormal , and interesting . does everyone of yall wish you could be extraverts ? oh , and im not trying to be rude ... im just trying to find out the answer to a question ive been wondering . so please don't take it personally . you were on this at school ? lol but yeah ... then all you have to do is get one . best friends come when you least expect it to come . trust me . it has always happened like that . thanks guys ... i get the idea now . i still just need to grow and i'll be alright . because she is my best friend and i can trust her with it . whatever ... im already guilty about it , and i dont need you adding to it . shes doing good right now anyways , so go mind your own ... wow ... lol , so this is what you were doing yesterday.lol im glad you got some help . http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/34002-i-think-intp-girl-i-know-lying-me.html if you want the other half ... click that link . hopefully , thats what it really is . i think i might be an immature infj , so i just want to know some of the characteristics . well , i don't want to state the reason why i thought she was lying , but i can give you a bit of background . basically , she was the person that i could trust the most , and we even have each others ... thanks everyone ... i think we can make this work again . thank you ... i will . thats what ive been doing , and i will continue to do it . thanks ... i just accused her without anyproof , and i didnt feel like waiting until someone here posted something about this , so i when in and did it myself , and of course i turned out to be wrong ... and she said herself that she hasn't and wouldn't . i am getting mad right now over this , and i think she thinks im stupid . she has done this before , trying to get out of answering something by ... and she said herself that she hasn't and wouldn't . i am getting mad right now over this , and i think she thinks im stupid . she has done this before , trying to get out of answering something by ... ok ... lol . ive just realized that i am an infj , and not and infp . thanks everyone ! ! ! thanks , lol . also , im still not sure of it . whatever the best way you think is to finding out which type i am ... please let me know . whatever you think the best way to find out what i am ... please let me know . ok ... i will . i will get back with you when im finish . also , i know that intuition is my dominant function . i just always want to be with other people , and i guess the word is go party . also , i might be a perciever . i honestly don't know the difference in perciever and judger though . can any one enlighten ... lol ... wow . thats something . but , you were probably laughing just a bit too much . lol lol ... yeah . it's just that i have a different sense of humor than some other people . its exactly that ! ! people keep telling me , that i don't know how to have fun , i don't know how to take a joke , i can't tell if someone is playing or not ... and yeah stuff like that . i think you know where i'm going ... lol ... wow . you people are crazy . but i guess im sticking with infj . i don't see a point in keep changing types . infj relates to me more than the infp does , and i guess the enfp . but honestly , ... i guess no one , watches it . could you please provide a link ? because i searched for it ... but i couldn't find it . it would be greatly appreciated . i don't know how to delete this . so , i guess it's staying up here . lol ... wow . that was funny . im like that too sometimes too . that's why i can feel what you are talking about . could you please provide a link ? because i searched for it ... but i couldn't find ... i just can't sit still . i just have so many things , that i wanna do . but , there is one major thing at the moment that i feel like doing . its going driving . ( im sixteen ) what the heck is wrong with ... lol ... wow . thanks , i guess i don't need any more pointers . wow , im by how shallow the mbti can be . thanks ! ! ! that really cleared up the infp , and infj thing . now ... only if someone could clear up the enfp , and infj type differences . and thats why , i though i was an enfp , at one time . also , would someone tell me what type would the eyes of the person as my avater , would be ?