' rant : self absorbed narcissistic moron .. i wish you will die with a painful death . . mood : amused reason : i'm going to quit my job next week and my boss doesn't know it yet . * evil laugh * .. it's nice to be back on this forum though .. meowrrr ~ ~ ~ > : 3 a 16 yrs . old girl confess to me yesterday that she likes me , ohh god i think i like her too but i'm already 29 . my heart says go for it , age doesn't matter bla bla bla .. but my mind keep reminding ... dear dad , when you died last two years ago i thought i could be strong enough to step up and take care of mom and my brothers , i didn't even cry during your funeral just to show all of them how ... rant : i'm sick for 3 days already , and it's getting worse , last night i cant sleep in lying position i have to sleep while sitting .. now my diaphragm swelling .. great way to start the year ... i don't get bored easily . the gamer : 3 strategy games with many different approach of winning the game really hook me alot of times .. i fall in love with an online friend once , she's from kuching , malaysia .. i got friendzoned lol , she told me she will only date chinese guys lol , so i gave up :) but we're still online friends now . i ... i would never cheat .. i'm proud to say i graduated in university without cheating .. i prefer failing the test then blame myself for not studying enough than cheating , luckily i only fail once during ... i like hardcore , metalcore , rapcore genre because i can relate to them . old and underrated bands like poisonwell , project wyze , third strike and the old hollywood undead are some of my favorites . i'm normal since i spend almost 20 hours of my free time playing computer games.haha meowr ~ ~ : kitteh : my normal sleep is only 2-3 hours a day , then there are times that i don't sleep at all . i know i should be worried about this unhealthy condition but i hate sleeping , so i don't mind really . i'm easygoing in a sense that i'm always calm and relaxed in person even if someone pissed me off but no matter how calm i am there are still instances i go crazy over little things like if the ... rant : too much stress playing rank game in league of legends today . there are those players who are already in gold division but play like newbies seriously how did you reach gold division if you ... being alone in the dark is one of my greatest fear , darn i feel unease if i can't see my surroundings , it's like something scary is lurking somewhere and just waiting to strike me anytime if i let ... i don't believe in soul mates . i'm not that hopeless romantic to believe in such childish idea : laughing : but i do believe that people comes into our life with purpose . : kitteh : rant : the hatred inside of me is beginning to appear again .. hating a lot of things lately including people close to me . yeah specially during my highschool years , but now well i don't have any crushes at all .. too busy playing computer games and playing with my emotionless cat >:D - comedy - psychological movies - anime you can persuade me with any factual info but i avoid nonsense debates or arguments most of the time . i prefer cats over dogs . 1 ) ignore her then bored her to death will result in a break up . 2 ) cheating means death ! ! ! forgiveness isn't an option ! dump her then delete any contacts from her . 3 ) this is kinda hard , my ... remember this , if you see someone doing something but at the same time watching you ... then he is a cop . - infernal affairs having a cat is better than having a roommate base on my experience . cats scares away pest like rats and mice and cockroaches . i hate those pest more than anything else .. budgeting for me isn't really ... rant : i'm confuse what to feel right now .. i hate it when i'm unstable like this . dear infj ex , i truly admire you but shits happens everyday .. i hope you're doing great where ever you are right now . sincerely , your istj ex hmmm ... will it work ? ? i wonder : kitteh : don't mess things up .. mood : annoyed reason : online games meant to be enjoyed , but recently majority of players talk shit all the time bragging and insulting other players . : frustrating : you're 95 % correct . : kitteh : dear isfj ex something , suddenly i remember you .. i miss you but since it's me who cut all my connections from you , now i don't know how to contact you .. ohh well , i hope you're doing fine where ... rave : it's 2:00 a . m in the morning and i'm wide awake as usual .. i really hate sleeping :D dear friend , you told me yesterday that no matter what my reasons are there are some things that i should never do .. well maybe you're right there really are some things that one should never do ... dear friend , how can you fix me if i'm part of the problem ? ? ? o . o goodluck then .. an istj mood : sad and depress i was so busy playing computer games for a long time now but suddenly today i'm sad i don't know why , it's like i just don't want to do anything at all .. what's happening to ... it depends , if it's a guy then no way ! ! ! but if it's a girl yes ! ! ahah but well i really prefer to hug cats more than people : 3 it's just recently i'm just too lazy to eat so i just drink water most of the time , i'm glued to playing computer games so i have no time to eat 3x a day but well i just eat in random times if i ... i eat at random times but mostly i skip eating just like i skip sleeping lol .. i'm too addicted playing computer games recently so i seldom eat and sleep but i always drink a lot of water like around ... i have one isfp friend and she's kinda cool and creative .. we talk for hours and never get bored at all and we both hate to cook so we just order foods or eat in a restaurant together.she ' s cute too ... i don't really have any dreams and i don't remember anything when i woke up ... i had a very scary nightmare once when i was in highschool that was like 15 yrs ago after that i just hate sleeping so i ... dear isfj used to be my crush we argued a lot lately , we have different viewpoints and behaviors but i never gave you up . in fact i find it as a positive way to know you better but you on the ... rant : stupid noob players of league of legends makes me lose important rank games ! ! ! they don't even know how to adjust their roles in game .. now my elo is soo low : angry : welcome >:D have fun .. all of them are cool except for me .. meowr ~ : 3 rant : more than 24 hours awake .. my body getting used to this no sleep stuff .. am i going to die young because of this ? ? : confused : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZQzsuV8W_0 the city looks soufeff pretty , do you want to burn it with me ? till the skies bleed ashes and the fucking skyline crashes ! ! ~ idk why but recently i ... how do you view and handle theory ? well as long as it's interesting for me , i will love to learn or know about it what do you believe is the biggest difference between istjs and intjs ? like ... name : because i fail in a relationship all the time lol . falling inlove is the easy part but staying inlove is difficult for me i guess .. now im confused.haha avatar : i like animes and marvel ... rant : order is born to punish those who fail .. this law is absolute :( i wonder if it's weakness or showing special favors if you won't punish someone who fail in following orders .. ohh well ... i can play computer games for 24 hours nonstop .. no sleeping .. no eating .. with only water and bathroom breaks . does that even count as talents ? ? or addiction ? lol > < meowr ~ mood : curious a friend told me today that a woman's love is scarier than her hate .. i laughed but now i wonder if it's really is true . : unsure : '