' personally , one of the worst things is when other people do not understand my need to understand . of course , this can be explained simply by understanding that i don't need nor care to understand ... thread seems dead , but i want to post this somewhere . i donx 92t remember exactly how it all got started . i was given a ring by my ex-girlfriend , and she wanted me to keep it safe while she traveled ... not in the slightest . but the fact that it's highly likely that i also have adhd ( evaluation at a psychiatrist is currently ongoing ) would mean , among other things , that my executive functions are ... my friends will often bring stuff up from back when we were children and i'll have no clue .. it's definitely not that formal . she is referencing a lot from when we were together and talks openly about it . but she'll do that and then quickly take a step back more often than not . but her ... that's interesting . on guard how , specifically ? she does seem a little bit overly polite , but not constantly . i know her to be careful and contemplative so i did not think much of it until you ... thank you for your input ! i was kind of expecting it to sound this way . rationally i understand that it's probably not a good idea , but i can't help thinking that there might be a way to re-establish ... hello , infjs . this may or may not be a coherent post , so bear with me . i have put myself in quite the predicament . i recently got back into contact with my ex , we were together for nearly 8 ... most of the time i am good at reading people , but i find it extremely hard to read this one particular intj female i am quite infatuated by . how soon is too soon to inquire about romantic interest ? ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYfNvmF0Bqw i'm just awesome in every single way imagineable . i hardly ever remember my dreams , it's very rare . it's quite disappointing , because i bet they're awesome . the last one happens a lot . except i'll explain to the other person that i lost my train of thought , that this always happens , and that i'll get back to them shortly , before i stop talking . i imagine ... i do this . as i was going through this thread i see many suggesting that i should ask the person i'm talking to questions that might yield an answer that i'll find interesting . however , usually ... probably would never have found this thread if it wasn't for you , thank you ! it's scary accurate and somehow precisely what i needed at this time . i looked up the definition of it and i honestly can't think of a situation where i felt offended . there's three things i particularly don't like ; - being told what to do - narrow-minded people - when people do things for me that i haven't asked for . i'll quote rantnrave response to my question regarding this in another thread , because i think it was good advice and it might be useful for you as well . while i'm reading your response to the op i am reminded of that fact that i as well , need to become . my question to you is this ( being entps ); how would i go about bringing myself to stick to all ... just because i wanted to try it , i put this text through the ibm watson personality insigths which was linked to in the entp group on facebook . please note : i have never used this before , nor can i ... i can relate to this a lot . i can't even recall how many times i've been in a situation with my dad ( esfp ) and brother ( isfp ) where i've stated ; why you are feeling sorry for me for something i'm ... i am inclined to agree with you on this one . i might have one nt friend in rl ( entj ) , it's not confirmed . we don't always get along . i'd prefer meeting another entp , or maybe a intp . i would think he likes her , as many other people have said . i can't speak for him obviously , but i wouldn't bother calling every week if i didn't like the person . nor would i spend a lot of time ... i do ask a lot of questions , but i'm generally quite unaware of that fact . until someone points out , which happens sometimes ... i've always thought it absolutely necessary to raise questions about ... all according to plan : wink : this website has a lot of iq tests , including some high ceiling tests . just thought i'd share . yes , everybody knows that having periods of low social interactions actually means that i need my bestiality fix . : happy : i did it just for the sake of it . 129 iq and i got 20/20 correct . how does that work when some of you got 148 with 20/20 ? i call bs on these types of tests . it has happened to me , but very rarely . but this has been in periods of very low amounts of social interactions . i get that though , and i agree . i wouldn't have then , obviously , but i do now . of course nearly every parent wants the best for their children . and by me saying she is trying to tell me what to do , i ... esfp dad and istp mom . i don't know what kind of bearing this has on me being an entp , if it even has any at all . growing up my dad was the one that always trusted me and supported me in decisions ... if they're not talking about something that piques my interest i have a really hard time pretending i'm interested . this in turn makes it very difficult to ask follow-up questions as well , obviously ... i used to struggle a lot with computer addiction , playing videos games such as world of warcraft . what i found , in retrospect , helped me a lot with overcoming this was to stop talking , for instance ... välkommen , fellow entp . we're glad to have you ! my german is nonexistent so started off with some swedish seeing as it's pretty close to norwegian : laughing : i can't begin to tell you how much i agree with this post . especially the first part of it . i am currently reading god is not great - how religion poisons everything by cristopher hitchens . i haven't gotten very far yet but i think it makes for a good read . i'll come back when i've gotten ... http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-P6SZo5CmbhY/VSWOr48PgVI/AAAfnI/gGgcSiOJiVo/s1600/Milky-Way-Galaxy-Crater-Lake.jpg last night i was being chased by polar bears . i accidentally woke some up while going through the forest doing who knows what . i nearly lost a foot though from what i remember . it was weird and i ... your cognitive functions : extroverted intuition ( ne ) 12.85 introverted thinking ( ti ) | | 9.15 extroverted sensation ( se ) 8.25 ... this is so f * cking hilarious ! haha first off , hello and welcome ! here's a little excerpt from socionics.com entps are far from angels . don't be fooled by their clumsiness , spaced-out behaviour and over-friendliness . behind it ... haven't watched tv in years , it doesn't appeal to me at all . music is something else though , i never go anywhere without it . couldn't pick one artist though , i think . if i absolutely had to , i'd ... hello and welcome to perc ! i am new here myself and so far i like it a lot . i'm fairly confident in saying you are going to enjoy it here ! you see this is precisely the thing i needed to know . usually when he is down and he talks badly about himself i usually do just what you advice me not to , i don't agree with him ( because you know , i ... these days he is really into cars and everything that has to do with cars . i don't have a drivers lisence myself so i don't know if there's anything we could do together there . but he used to like ... this is very true . and very annoying ... i realize that this will differ from person to person , i am speaking in general terms . but there has to be some stuff that is more or less true for most isfps . the reason i am asking is that i'm ... yes i agree it is good practice indeed . i just find that usually when i read about stuff my brain tend to move quite quickly . i forget about the details of things . it's almost as if i can see the ... i am sitting here pondering wether or not i should try and catch some sleep . my body says yes and my mind clearly states no . what a predicament . this is so true . i'm hardly ever backing anything up with scientific facts when i speak and sometimes that will clash depending on what type i am talking to . i am always speaking in general which ... '