' someone mistook me for someone else and insinuated all this stuff on me like i was someone they hated and then i blew up on them because of how insulted i felt . so id like to have my account ... yeah always . even with text talking you preferred ' artistic ' the most , followed by ' realistic ' and ' conventional ' . your six letter personality type is ' arcise ' . your personal preference is also shown in a graph below . pretty cool ... i want to eventually make a video game . it's always been a dream but like .. laziness and learning as a kid going to college soon for software engineer in the end so i guess ill get there ... free will . there's times where it can seem like somethings a set path but a strong decision can drastically change your life . i feel like those moments are challenging enough to say it was all you ... do you smoke ? weed rarely what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? both maybe 4 times a month what about exercise ? and eating healthy ? exercise 5 times a week with extreme keto and fasting ... yeah if you have to force love it's probably is shit . i recently fell in love and it's the most stress free natural thing ive ever experienced * farts * double post mishap lol * shrug * i like him people are getting crazy these days and i say that as a left wing person lol he touches on what's going wrong pretty well . 35 % enfj 31 % infj 8 % intj 7 % infp 4 % entj makes sense i guess considering im always close to the center with e vs i though i know i'm introverted from how exhausting social interaction is ... infj i mostly listen to experimental hip hop / r & b type stuff . kinda a hard genre to describe but there seems to be a good amount of it . chillhop ? can be jazzy too . signature song is a decent ... chickun nugget i retook it and got similar scores except motivator and the title advocate earlier i may have skimmed it too quickly and i think with a few questions i over analyzed or thought about them too ... it certainly is not unusual to say , be loved , by anyone . nor is it unusual to have fun with anyone . because , this is human nature . when you see them hanging about with anyone . if you have feelings ... 1 . get into college after i've mentally and physically sorted myself out losing my last 100 pounds will delete my insecurities that have been glued to me since childhood 2 . make a new friend or ... interesting 667282 i volunteer as tribute . jokes aside idk my peers seem pretty stable . may have wildly different opinions but that doesn't make them less intelligent . there's already been a ton of good points in this thread shown by huge walls of text that i can't be bothered to read because i just woke up and generally respect the opinions of some familiar faces ... i just washed my hands and my fingers are still greasy . why do keyboards have to be made of reflective surfaces . * screech * i'm buying a wooden keyboard and mouse . great insight as usual . this i've recently been realizing and picking up . very useful concept when being called out for anything being so emotinal . it's like whenever someone throws a spear ... idk about sports except table games like pingpong which i love ( and electronic sports sometimes but thats not really all too related lol ) but for exercise my favorite that i do regularly is high ... doctor visits . namely the blood pressure machine ... that im going to today .. weee conflict feeling lost / no direction h is my answer . a good bit of that applies to me . sometimes i get irritated when someone doesn't understand something like i do when it's obvious . i'm not proud of that , working on chilling out ... i like the general idea of communism for a perfect utopian like dream society but the thing that gets me about it is the idea that a doctor would be in the same or similar living conditions as a ... here's a thing 663538 hate - - marketing / salesman ( unless i truly loved the product ) - phone rep ( i can't stand phone calls ) - police officer / anything like a guard ( i'd be super paranoid all of the time because a lot of ... i love to watch them on flowers and stuff though i have a phobia of being stung . bumbles and honeybees are the least frightening . chill little dudes . i often times just feel like i don't deserve it . i'm going to flow off the top of my noggin all of my thoughts and feelings about this man . kanye west is many things . he's a livewire . he's bold . he's imaginative . he's very confident on the ... yeah he likes you more than friends . if that were me and i said those things anyway . sorry if this is blunt or harsh sounding but if you don't ask him about it and talk about your stance he may feel ... paint drying idk i wanna help people my way will be nutritionist for money and fitness for close friends / family boisterous high pitched stoner who isn't high is my best way to describe it being young it's scary . though i know it's natural and all things have to come to an end some day . the more i meditate the more i'm accepting of it . hopefully by the time it's my turn to kick the ... mightyena / blaziken good old emerald days two favorites of mine . i like simple lyrics packed with personal meaning . poetry i guess and as far as we go and as far as we go and how little we know and how little we know searching for the ... lol i got enfp , granted i didnt think each question through very long . though i will say when im in a good mood i can be like an enfp to an extent i think : tongue : what odinthor said is actually how i am too more or less . so ditto that for what it's worth . i will add in that i do cry but it's usually involuntary and requires extreme negative or positive ... it certainly can be . i prefer buddhism . ^ ^ love never fading sleep wasn't enough vanity within hobbies marked progress some way to raise my bed 4 inches to more comfortably play video games lying sideways . : ^ ) need 250 posts before you're allowed to enter the trigger-grounds . theres a few others with that requirement . at least that's how i imagine it is . a wastleland of people screeching at each other ... i use too little . i hate to bother people . my friend's owed me 150 bucks for like 2 years so i'm basically his doormat . fictional worlds my perceivable future lots and lots of romance my boy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsyMtYoSkC0 intj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzm-4mlzZPU you know that feeling when you know what you need to do to start your life's engines again but you just kinda lay there and pretend you're accomplishing something ? i know that feeling . i have ... ditto what crimson ash said i have this idea that religion and science go together . god made the big bang ect god being the one from the christian bible or whatever pagans believe made everything . a lot of religions are ... ok though chugging a bottle of red wine was not the smartest thing to do . ow probably '