' i nod yes , but with a slight tilt of the head and a shrug . i think , yes , and sometimes more so than others . if i don't particularly appreciate this person's judgements , or if they've said a ... actually , i use duckduckgo and not google because duckduckgo doesn't keep my information to sell it off . maybe google takes my ideas away from me . maybe the government was concerned with my ... why is john stamos so attractive : laughing : i know i have something of my own to discover and analyze when i search , modify my query , search again , repeat , and there still isn't a good ... infp . you speak your ideas from the deep passion of fi . your main consideration is how you feel about how other people feel and think , why they do what they do from your inner value standpoint . ... kiss : infj marry : intp bed : entp the infj wouldn't like me to just kiss them and then leave , but i don't think i have the mental stamina to marry one ! estj , entj , istp i got out of order ... and i'm about to be a teacher of self-expressive subjects , a music teacher ! i could not be a teacher of a subject where they hand me the curriculum i'm supposed to teach ... that's the most stupid ... i've heard that teeth in dreams symbolize power . do you feel a loss of control in your waking life , or maybe a weakness ? my dream was one of those dreams that make you kind of disturbed when you wake up . in this one , the world was ending , and there was something on the newsx 97some big eventx 97but i didn't really understand ... probably ! the downside of doing it on the computer is that i get a ton of stupid ads . thanks ! well , i almost helped you get 15 posts ... oh ! the : insertwordhere : is the code to put emojis from the forum list into my comments . : wink : ( which is wink in : s ) should look like a winking face ! does it not ? i play saxophone , and i've ... my infj best friend is just like this ! when she was a kid , she was always getting in trouble with teachers ! nowadays she can get away with a lot of things , making me the paranoid sidekick ! but ... yeah , i like poetry ! i can't write it worth a flip , but i enjoy trying to determine what it means and what it is supposed to make me feel . poetry in iambic pentameter and any kind of organized verse ... organized - - - your room and home are clean , attractive and functional . everything has a place and there is a specific order . disorganized - - - your room and home are a little bit messy . you might ... do you like to write poetry ? asking because of your username . my enfps do like coffee a lot ... one is a coffee-holic and must have coffee or he won't come to class . one always orders his kids ' temp , and we make fun of him for it ! ! i don't like coffee , so i ... i know more than one at college . we're all music majors , and i think it appeals to the nf in us ! i also know an intj who is a music major :) find them in the creative , abstract realm . they may ... accidental repost ... don't worry ; i definitely don't have a crush on your dad ! ! : kitteh : my own dad reminds me of mr . spock . i don't know what vulcan mbti would be , but my dad is probably intp ! i'm glad they've taught you well , whoever they is ! ! which enterprise captain is your favorite ? my heart belongs to captain kirk , though his heart belongs to his ship , and something ... else of ... welcome welcome ! i know an enfp / intj couple ! the genders are reversed though ! they've been dating for 3 years , they have the same career dreams , and they both play clarinet ! sometimes they have ... nah ... i don't get in spaceships with strange users ... : laughing : i'm talking about myself , by the way ! i'd press the big red button ! yay , a spaceship ! ! ! hi : happy : i'll let that isfj compliment slide ... this time ... just kidding ! i actually used to test as an isfj and istj when i was a moody , grouchy teenager ! i mistyped myself , but everyone else ... hi . i think this goes beyond personality type . you both struggle with some major insecurities , and that is no good for a relationship . no person can complete another because we all have downfalls ... shoot ! i'm basically from the 1960s ! i definitely floated through time , space , and schedules as a kidx 97all the way until age 11 ! my friends would be excited : oh boy ! we have music class today ! ! ... i feel all selfish here because i inspire me ! ! it's quite liberating to admit this ... i'm a musician , and i certainly like a ton of other musicians and my professors at college and my very own ... when i was 12 , i had my first cell phone . it was my dad's old phone and had all his old contacts in it . sometimes my friends would send me messages where you had to forward it to more people for good ... well , i do know that when we feel pointless and down for the count , it colors our entire autobiography . i'm sure your life does have plenty of meaning and interest , but since you're in the place ... i've been too tired this week to remember my dreams , but in my dream last night , i was trying to unwind with my friends . it had been a long time since i had been able to actually relax . i was ... it seriously took me years in college before i could really open up to the people in my class . familiarity over time is key for me . as a music major in the school of music , we are kind of separated ... naturally , i want to commit right away . if i like them , and they like me , i seal it with a kiss . i can't even help it . but that's kind of dumb of me . it is sooo hard for me to go on noncommittal ... elvis presley , hound dog marie's the name ( of his latest flame ) a little less conversation surrender the beatles , day tripper hard day's night paperback writer within you , without ... i tried some tito's homemade vodka straight , and it was excellent ... it had a sweet smell and taste and was very smooth . it's made in texas and is a good price for what you're getting . i'm going to ... u right ... - - - i'm thinking about my college senior recital coming up . i've worked for 11 years to play saxophone , and at this concert , i will probably sound the best i ever have or will on ... if the world is full of sharks , i've always been an orca , and i keep in the company of orcas . the sharks never threaten me because i've always been a step ahead of them . i observe them , and though we ... i can't imagine how that must be ! ! : sad : my mom is infj , and my dad is intp , so i can't relate to having an estj parent or even a sensing parent . my parents and i sort of maintain a mutual ... i was a wannabe intuit back when i thought i was a sensor . i am intuitive and always have been , but i'm still a wannabe . i want to be more creative , more groundbreaking , more insightful . it troubles ... i always wanted to watch that show ! ! the character really interested me , and i liked the subject matter — from what i could glean from the commercials . i assumed i was too young to ask my parents if i ... infp , eldest child . i was the only child for 7 years . i'm a female , and i like men quite a bit , and i'm infp , but i don't see myself as a gender stereotype . i'm fine with writing female down on things ; i quite enjoy my physical looks and parts , and i ... in the united states , it is more expensive for someone to be executed than for them to be imprisoned for life . you can't clear up prison space by executing people ; you must imprison less people ... i'll probably end up getting married and also having kids . i was a creative kid , and i still am . i often dream up fun activities i'd like to do with growing children , particularly my own . i had a ... i just remembered a knock-knock joke i made up as a kid : knock knock ! who's there ? teet-te-teet . teet-te-teet who ? there's a video of me as a kid improvising and singing a kickin ' swing tune i made up called , my little orange raven . i sang with vibrato and everything . the last verse ends in an explosion of wild ... fi feels like a great force to me as well . and thank you for the insight of ni . my thread topic does seem a bit vague , but i want to see how other people decide to define things and what they come ... thank you for sharing your experience ! it's so fascinating to see how differently we think of things . i think i describe things in terms of languages and speaking because i am personally a very ... i'm pretty forward with people i don't have a crush on but would still like to date ! i try to be open-minded . i'm a female , but yesterday i gave a guy that masculine smoldering eye contact when i ... welcome , alli ! maybe they nod politely because you're just too much fascinating humanity for them to handle ! on the forum , you can go as crazy deep into type theory as you want :) have fun ! i replied to someone else's forum about fi , and this thought fascinated me . the forum condensed the functions into a statement to show what they were all about , and i realized that i've never heard ... when you see that someone has graffitied i apologize . on a shed by your house , and you check your backyard to see if it means they returned the bicycle they stole from you . when you like having ... '