' infp = forest ... i am supremely content about this . i've been very attracted to the dark side for a long while now . i wanna know how evil becomes evil . how dysfunction becomes . i have the irresistible urge to become all the bad from the inside out ... sooo , i'd like go to africa and de-cluster fuck it . ( after paying off the debt of everyone i care about ofcourse ) while in africa i'd start planning a way to help all the homeless here . meaning ... to me their just different levels of resolution . i start with the ballpark temperament's , then go for the seating sections of the actual functions . i find the sj , sp thing a little weird at times ... infp's could be serious - philosophical , psychological , spiritual , theoretical badasses - except for when the peoples makes fun of mes . : angry : : sad : ok so as expected . is it esxp's that get in fight's then ? se-ing everywhere n shit . i've been in one fight when i was in fourth grade . if i were to guess i'd say entp but who knows . i think anything ... what the hell ! don't do this unless it's crucial ! and don't let it always be crucial . if anything don't do this to an fp . uggg . i secretly lose respect for my boss and start spending as much time ... ok , so far for infp tax attorney ... f___ that ! stockbroker ... dbl f___ that ! ! professional wrestler ... i'd wrestle the girls that walk around with the round numbers ... : mellow : pres of the ... i don't really agree with the nfp thing , although the reasoning makes sense . before it was taken off , this site showed the number of viewers for each temperment and nf's always tore shit up in ... estj - screen writer for the teletubbies esfj - iconoclast esfp - library security estp - pastry chef isfj - crack dealer istj - head shop owner isfp - computer programmer istp - day care ... yep ... that's my mom to a t . i don't know how i'm her son ? ! ! ! how can someone want those jobs , meh ! i feel guilty just for living in a society that doesn't spicy these things up . yet of course i am ... i'm so self absorbed i sometimes get sucked into an internal black hole where no thoughts escape the gravity of my attention . ok you beat me to it . none the less , a travel agency philanthropically set up by some cool rich guy that let's us all travel anywhere in the world for free ! a river that runs through the forest ... holy crap , i'm all those ! i love people i don't know being inside my head through a theoretical medium ! ! ! omg , i love us infp's . i had my friends questioning the sanity of my wanderlust for a few years . then i find posts like this and the one about infp's and job's where 9 out of 10 said something like ... i absolutely love lenore thompson's book personality type : an owners manual . it is highly detailed and in depth . well written and colorful . 1 . jack the lad a jack the lad tends to be a male ( or a butch lesbian ) who's a bit of a bad boy , or so he thinks . the typical stereotype would be a guy who walks about thinking he owns ... you know your a sensor when you say really ? ! to any foray into psycho-dynamic explanation on the origins of behavior . you know your a sensor when after hearing a thesis on the connection between ... first , using the finest in hollywood effects , training , connections and my infp chameleon superpower , i would turn into a convincing intj . then i would whip up a revolutionary cause between two rigid ... you know what . i thought i was this really cool freak who loved traveling , aesthetics and expression that no one i know really gets , or even cares . yet ... alas , myers briggs has sent me all you ... bingo ! as i gather info and wisdom from introspection , the last part of it all for me is integration , and the last part of integration is a kind of surrender to the dark emotion where it's up to all ... you articulate very well mermaid soul . i find infj's many times do , and i love it . i forgot to add that the word grok comes from a great robert heinlein sci fi book called stranger in a strange ... hey mermaid soul , i completely feel your situation so far as you have explained it . i spent about 1 year and 6 months in therapy . basically cbt . my first therapist was a grad student . she was ... hmmm , i'm the fricken same damn way as ^ ^ ^ . i wonder if it's because of our fi is causing us to focus on morals so much we push away the inherent sadistic things we would be doing a little bit ... uh ... uh ( pants ) finally ... made ... it . whew ! ok my two ( err .. four ) cents . if nf's were the majority it would force awareness of universal values and basic rights about all living things ... adcb here . i build gaming computers as a hobby though . i would be acdb but the whole salesmen part threw me , i have problems with what i consider to be manipulative , non-transparent interactions , heh . i think that this point is right on ( in bold ) . emotions are an undeniable factor , yet a lot of people get away with not acknowledging them . it's an inconvenience to them and the world . i denied my fi ... synthesize reason with emotion . hmmm that sounds pretty cool . i find myself generally trying to search out any hidden , suppressed emotion and let it breath a little until reason can get a good grasp ... i swear that i heavily use ni and then send it to te , but then my ultimate goal is to use that te structure of ni intuitions to influence others , maybe even try to convince them of what would be fi ... wow . i know the sounds you talk about . if i'm tackling a huge insight that's trying to emerge but my conscious mind is fighting it , sometimes i hear in my mind things like that . one time it was the ... the way i put it to some is that the experience takes the what out of what is . it's just that the what is in life is self evident and that people try to explain it before they fully take in all ... i agree with both of these statements . i wish schools would seek to balance out there formats to accommodate both . i like that my ti and even te is more experienced , but i'm still kinda pissed that ... i saw a sticker at a metaphysical hippie shop the other day that said the woods are my church . i totally vibe with that statement , it's for sure my spirit home as well . i have occasionally ... mysticism ( from the greek μυστικός , mystikos , an initiate of a mystery religion ) [ 1 ] is the pursuit of communion with , identity with , or conscious awareness of an ultimate reality , divinity , spiritual ... i totally use my ni a lot . in personality type , an owners manual by lenore thompson she says that ni is used to see hidden or deeper meaning within and to switch from perspective to perspective ... i check into those distinctions more , thanks orangeappled . ah crap ! i guess i'll have to google bee's knee's and cotton wool ? cause i have no idea of whats being said here , lol > > > meaning excellent - the highest quality . - ahhh ! ok , cool . origin ... it's moments like this where i love being an nf . : laughing : thank you enfp's and infj's everywhere . great post , and i love your emerson quote too , i saved it in a text file . i'm an infx struggling with the same questions about my type . i clearly have a strong ni but my fi dominates too ? ! does ... oh my frickin god ! am i really the first one to say luke freakin skywalker ! ! ! http://img233.imageshack.us/img233/5314/infppostertf2.jpg ... i like to think of it as mental muscle , and this i probably literally so . i can spend days ( not kidding ) in my head and pump out insight after insight but the more i do this it seems the harder it is ... sheeez ! the friend i hang out most with right now is totally that to me . grrr , i hate it when i've made friends my little projects ! i mean ... i love it because its so fun and challenging and i ... i agree we are more prosperous materialistically , and in a major way , but i've been to china and india and i think that they out do us in applied spirituality and philosophy . another way to say it is ... here's an infp twist i guess . when i argue with someone ( and i do love it when its about inner or social harmony ) i try to get us both on the same side as whatever ends up true . meaning if there is a ... dude , bravo ! when it's about conflict i swear to god that i turn into a super duper intp . : happy : doh , i have to admit also that eastern philosophy is far more attractive to me than western . its right brained for gods sake , i love it . but i'm an infx as well so i do have a intense love for ... check out this thread by psilo ( infp vs . infj ) . it has some dichotomies that really helped me tease out the differences between the two . at the end of it i was still an infx but i learned alot about ... wow , you both ( masterdood & thatsteveguy ) are some of the most transparent , complex and plainly articulated guys i've seen so far . it's freakin awesome , i love this site . : laughing : i'm generally an infx . i think some in my past might think that i'm a basketcase , and that's hard to deal with . those that have had the tenacity and courage to actually listen to me , not with their ... he's an f your a t . appeal to typologies ability to allow greater harmony in the face of differences between people . soften it's conceptual workings a bit as you explain it . '