' raja - entp jinkx - enfj sharron - infp alaska - infp bianca - estj sasha - enfp adore delano - enfj detox - esfp roxxxy - esfp violet - esfp i still think dumbledore is an entp in mbti and an ile in socionics . he could be an infj . arguing about it is futile , you can easily make an argument for both . the same with jk rowling , who i still ... no , i'm not buying hermione is an introvert nor am i not buying she is a perceiving lead . estj . i always saw ginny as a beta quadra . she could be an enfj , though i still lean towards estp with ... he never seemed a very physical bully , more pick on you from afar . actually , he seems kind of deterred from physical-ness . the judging lead + si this is how its suppose to be + shitty home ... harry : isfp ron : esfp hermione : estj draco : esfj hagrid : esfj molly : esfj arthur : entp ginny : estp fred & george : entp percy : estj definitely alpha quadra , most likely irrational . i'm actually leaning towards ile-ne putting on an sei interview front due to being enneagram 6w7 ( she most likely is ) . she seems kind of uncomfortable ... just read the first book and watching the show now eddard : istj catelyn : infp / some delta quadra sansa : esfj arya : enfp tyrion : entp jaime : estp cersei : entj , possibly intj robert : esfp xntj type most likely to throw a halloween party but forget to show up she's an esfp she's an enfp . i'd say she actually lacks ti - she's all about te . the fe is probably because she's in the media and needs to play it up . it's not as though enfps are incompetent in that area . you ... as far as houses and types go : gryffindor : beta quadra ( istp , estp , enfj , infj ) ravenclaw : alpha quadra ( esfj , isfj , intp , entp ) slytherin : gamma quadra ( isfp , esfp , entj , intj ) hufflepuff : ... dumbledore always came across more very well developed entp be me . i think alpha quadra makes more sense for him compared to beta . infj is possible . intj possible as well , but fe-ti makes more sense ... emma watson isn't an infj . i would say isfj possibly istj possibly intp in that order of likelihood . i don't see any valuing se or ni . i am re-watching it . situation : estj pauly D: isfj ( enneagram 7w6 so / sx which is why he doesn't look typical isfj ) vinny : estp ronnie : isfj ( ? ) possibly a dumb entp snooki : esfj jwow : estj ... be what you want , but none of your writing style seems ne-dominant to me . kind of comes across more ne-try hard . could be ne role or ne ha ill do season 6 cause i just rewatched it janelle - istp kaysar - isfp james - isfp eric - estj april - esfj maggie - infp ivette - estj sarah - isfj yeah , i've watched some more interviews with her and i'm back on board with isfj . her new image threw me a little , but i agree - if you look at her across her entire career si > se i'd also look in to esfj . ne hidden agenda seems to make sense for you . okay , but i saw this discussion as independent as far as typing luna goes that's true , and that is why i don't think she is an infj - i just didn't think that infjs are good @ blending was a good enough basis to claim to have debunked infj . intps are not uncommonly ... you haven't even debunked infj , and i don't know what type i think she is - i am just exploring ideas . infjs can be straight up awkward in many cases . a lot of them do morph to fit the crowd , but ... meh , i know plenty of isfjs who play up the apathetic approach . i really don't think she is an intp because i don't think she is a rational ( in the socionics sense of the word ) and i don't think ... meh , that is not completely true - there are plenty of infjs who come across as a little crack-potty the first time you meet them . plus , having grown up with her father ( who was probably an enp of ... you seem pretty alpha quadra . your whole demeanor seems very isfj to me ! read this - does it fit ? socionics - the16types.info - isfp description ( filatova ) edited ! ( ignore the fact that it ... alpha : socionics quadras : alpha or gamma : socionics quadras : gamma meh , seems independent of both really . it could be either and you could make an argument for both . you could also make an argument that it is ti or te . not enough information and ultimately not ... yes , because i said she appeared infj in the movies , but i never extrapolated this to suggest that because she may appear infj in the movies that she is an infj all of the times i argued for ... http://www.campsawtooth.org/CST/Images/Photos/Campfire_Ring1.jpg take a look at that picture - what do you see . as an ne dom i see one thing , campfire . i genuinely don't see the ... itx 92s that episode 51 : aubrey plazax 92s brush with reality tv - splitsider here is her less out of schtick . more sei-y to me . her ne perceptions to me always come across as kind of forced , though ... lol , that's why my post is clearly separated in to two sections if i wanted to use the movie to support the idea of luna being an infj ( i don't think she is ) then my observation would have been ... isfjs have ti . meh , most of those traits are present in xsfjs tag-along researcher seems very xsfj , actually , with dual-seeking ne / ti i recently re-watched ootp movie and i find she actually ... i think she is beta because she is more prone to outter dramatics than the average alpha quadra member does . even dramatic alpha quadra members still lack the se intensity . more specifically i think ... go back to page one , it's all there first of all , lol i don't even like taylor swift so no . second of all , you provide no evidence or argument what-so-ever for your claim , you just demand that i believe it . i'm willing to consider isfj ... she was on big brother canada . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WG18MGG69Bo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJOJutRADm0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHWPXGm9w04 sure , but i don't think she is an isfj - i think she is an estp . beta quadra makes the most sense to me and i see se-ti with enneagram 3 making her push fe more to be socially acceptable .  ... i . e . , you need to think more like me or your wrong yes , fascinating . i provide lots of evidence of why i think she is an estp and you reply with omg youre getting carried away with information , ... i see for se-ti than i do fe-si . i really don't see fe as her lead function . yeah , that is an alpha quadra trait which is particularly pronounced in xsfjs : alpha types are inclined to discuss stories told in detail and according to the sequence in which events happened , ... her entire presence is beta quadra . she is most likely an enneagram 3 which could give her an sfj flavor due to it being appropriate however , to me the se-fe pairing is quite obvious , particularly ... no , i mean estp . se-fe makes more sense than fe-ne . she is actually not that personable if you watch interviews of her . her fe does not come naturally ( though she clearly has it ) . plus , her entire ... i actually find her ti to be more hidden agenda-y than ego . she clearly likes ti and ne as functions , but i really don't see her having that good of use over either . if you watch interviews that ... hmm , obviously there is no way to tell from just one video but she could be an entp . i'd say alpha quadra as my first bet and beta as my second . she definitely has fe ! just re-watched the video ... she could be an infj , but i think the ne is what shines through . plus , i think alpha quadra makes the most sense for her i actually think she is an isfj who plays entp for the lol . i've listened to a few podcasts she is in and she is very different when she just talks with people . very grounded and small-talky . plus , ... she's an estp can we try jk rowling again ? most say infj or infp , but i have recently watched interviews with her and i actually think she may be an isfj no , not particularly . that is a limited way to look at function development , strength , and preference . ne inferior : accepting all of her father's views without great scrutiny her entire persona ... i could actually see ile for her as well . i could also see lii . i don't think there really is enough exposure to her throughout the series to come to one accurate typing , though alpha quadra seems to ... the order of the functions dictates how they will most likely be used , not how often they will be used . there are plenty of intps who have more visible fe than isfjs , and there are plenty of esfjs ... '