' that's actually what i don't identify with in terms of estp stereotypes ... i'm studying mechanical engineering ... not exactly a profession estp's tend to gravitate towards right ? lol . so dya reckon ne and se definitions are not accurate ? i've gotten high ne also . sent from my iphone using tapatalk cognitive functions test is bull . enfj i know gets esfj ... and i get high ne and se which makes no sense ...   ... bottom line : understand yourself ... learn the theory ... def don't rely on short ... well i'm 19 ... so ... i guess i'm pretty damn immature ! haha : laughing : ... there's a saying : people grow older , but they don't always grow up ... manipulate you into dating him ... what does ... define shallow ... but yea , probably shallow . i think i've become less shallow with age , so there's that . will i glance at a pretty lady as she walks by . definitely . is that all i care about ? no , ... hahaha . lol . that's not what i meant at all ! : laughing : i was actually more interested in whether or not they can boost my performance on exams ( i don't believe in any ethical bs about it ... and i ... duality and semi duality , generally any intra-type relations / interactions of that nature you want to look at socionics . i find that meyers briggs and kiersey are more suited to a surface-level ... whoa whoa . estp's and infp's are actually the conflicting relationship ... the worst possible according to socionics . this is a common misconception actually . estp / enfp would be super-ego . estp / infj ... i'm thinking it would be useful for memory intensive subjects like that . a lot of classes i take are cumulative knowledge based ... heavily emphasizing how to do something rather than simply ... that's actually really intriguing ... so , say ... if a regular person took ritalinl and aricept during finals-week ... there wouldn't be any adverse effects ? 3 : d sent from my iphone using ... i think there are moments when i seem like i'm adhd ... like in conversation sometimes ( usually i just watch and listen to people talk , nod , laugh , ask questions ... relatively tame ... i can be very ... i don't necessarily agree with your point of view , but i try to keep an open mind . in the end , we all learned something or other , or got to see a different perspective . : happy : uh , my infp buddy is ... not very or hardcore or anything ... he and an mutual intj buddy of ours get into these major debates ( the intj is a hardcore atheist ) ... when it comes down to it , the ... lol ... that's interesting ... and i'm speaking for myself here , but ime no se dominant ( esxp ) has a problem with temperature or cold or w / e ... specifically , i like the sensation of extreme ... see ... i don't understand that . i couldn't give a rat's ass about what other people want me to be xd : if i don't like being alcoholic . or fuck up . or adhd . my natural response is to simply ... in this case i'm not sure being an enfp really even had all that much to do with it . she clearly wasn't healthy psychologically ( a personal issue ) , and that probably had more to do with it than ... yea , i get you man and i wasn't condemning you btw ... i was merely giving my opinion about how to potentially diffuse / curb the personal attacks being thrown around , what you do with it is entirely ... i'm not sure they would in any case . not all interactions can be 100 % generalized like that . i'm sure you agree with me that she leads a rather unhealthy life - by her own choice . to me , that means ... i think you misunderstood my intentions . personally , i agree with you in that people ought to be 100 % liable for their own actions / choices ( i . e . one - notice that i'm not accusing you of anything ... elvis 2010 hey , i think you make a valid point . this thread is about interactions , and i thought the anecdote was pretty interesting and eye-opening . at the same time , you're a smart guy ... you got ... well i don't mind taking point at all most of the time so i guess it works out . i find i learn a lot from making mistakes so i don't go out of my way to avoid trouble ( unless it's something dumb or ... where are you from ? ... you mentioned having to take a test for admission into university , so i'm ruling out united states . i've never heard of that before tbh . maybe it's more of a canadian ... i never understood why people hang out at the mall , or wander around for like hours like chickens with their heads cut off xd . i get in , get what i want ( ask for directions when if i don't know where ... that's exactly what i do lol xd . i'm a grammar nazi sometimes heh . dunno why . xd . don't think it's a intj thing . ;D something like that , yea . a step behind . i've noticed that he kinda just lets me take point and keeps up , but never ahead . main difference between my istp roommate and me is ... when we go do stuff , like even just walking somewhere ... kinda falls in slightly behind me , even when i don't really know where i'm going ... what about st's or sf's ? have you not met any ? ;D lol : laughing : ok , from what you said about what you don't like about entp's ... imma just put it out there that you might want to seriously ... yea ... i don't really quite understand it either ... i've read a bunch about socionics ... and from my experiences both before ( i . e . people who i typed after i got into it ) and after i learned more ... that's a pretty interesting explanation . thanks for that ! :D . are you getting this from socionics ? although , from the intj's i know personally , they get along with the third group ( specifically ... hmm ... my closest buddy from middle / high school ( still closest in fact ) is an infp . we don't understand each other per se all that often xd , but we get along very well . i guess it helps that my ne ... good for you ! :D ... just know what you're getting into is all ;D . ignore you're absolutely right . have i ever ? : ... no i have not ever taken back an ex . but im still young ... plenty if time to have an ex i would take back haha ;D . would i ever ? : ... depends heavily ... ok , let me clarify my position . personally , i like fun . furthermore , i like fun more than i dislike being chased . ( i might be approaching this from my pov of just going after someone xd , but i still ... ah , i see . i shouldn't have assumed . xd . if you're both on the same page as to the boundaries of the relationship ... just go for it lol . what's the worse that could happen ? he says no . you don't ... i think i have the hardest time in text messaging with someone ( anything not face to face ) cuz i'd say something on my mind , and i have no idea how they interpret it ( if the interaction is in person ... this is going to sound harsh , but it needs to be said . i don't think you'd want to try it again . 8 times out of 10 he's not worth your time . i don't personally buy into the whole scared at the level ... what about se doms ? any ? you're assuming keirsey is 100 % correct . ime , matching introverted dominant functions to extrovert dominant functions i . e . ne of an enxp to ni of an inxj doesn't always yield good results . for ... i was pretty obnoxious , everything and everyone revolved around me xd ; thoughts popped into my head and went directly out my mouth . got into trouble very often . kinda a loner ( played with legos a ... hey , so ... i didn't know there was a cognitive functions test up on the top ... i guess i'm weird as hell ;D . extroverted sensation ( se ) 12.71 extroverted intuition ... well , i was just saying that it neither confirms nor precludes ni . hell , i dunno , any unexplained flashes of insight maybe ? : laughing : sent from my iphone using tapatalk eh , that's called resourcefulness : wink : sent from my iphone using tapatalk haha , i do that too sometimes , no idea why : laughing : that was literally me ... legos and all too . i think moving several times to different places made me more introverted ( less permanent friends , more lone time ) . definite possibility . could be ... haha ... i don't think it's something fun , it's who you are ... don't think it's quite as simple as choosing to use ni : laughing : ... you are an esfp ... which means you have weak ni ... i'm ... yea i agree with that , and attention whores annoy me ... but , i honestly do like how different she is from most people , it's refreshing . she says weird things to get a reaction out of people she ... * makes mental note ... ni ... equals ... voodoo magic ... comma ... aliens ... * :p roud : good enough for me . ... so an intj's predictions would be more based on fact right ? ... there are rare moments when i pull explanations out of my ass that makes complete sense about something i've never encountered ... '