' if all these things should pass away , before with us love's had it's way , then know this , these last words of mine , devoted to thy face divine . of all i've met , you i shall miss alone , thy ... anyone else ever see auras around people , representing their emotional state ? does anyone else get really vivid ... well ... impressions of things ? i am learning not to be limited by some of the negative one . there's this one i hadn't realized i had until recently . the reason i ... perrin aybara ( the wheel of time ) i suggest that you read mere christianity by c . s . lewis . just a suggestion . chris daughtry . blue . an angel falls from the sky , his face frosted lightly with flaxen hair , a spear held tight in his hand . just before his eyes close , at the last , we see a glimpse of purest sapphire , and then the ... i think that optimism is the ability to see , not solely the problem looming before us but also what could be gained from overcoming it , ways in which to overcome it , the positive aspects of the ... seems biased towards ne . feels like you're not describing the functions but rather how ne is superior to ni when in fact , it is not the function of a person is using that is superior to another but ... http://youtu.be/DeumyOzKqgI http://youtu.be/DeumyOzKqgI lattices of copper interwoven , burnished , radiant , their sheen silvern in the morning light . pools of palest turquoise snatch her breath away from her blood-red lips . in the mist , the sky seems to ... http://youtu.be/StJLvbPIvTw first time thread , please provide constructive criticism . the above link is to the video which is this thread's title . feel free to post thoughts , associations , ... lattices of copper interwoven , burnished , radiant , their sheen silvern in the morning light . pools of palest turquoise snatch her breath away from her blood-red lips . in the mist , the sky seems to ... i don't think so . the fact that nearly all of us ( humans ) make connections between different pieces of knowledge would mean that there is really no strict definition of an infj , especially once you ... daddy's little girls . director : tyler perry i feel awesome ! humility has enabled me to rediscover the capacity to love , to truly love myself and everyone else for who they are . long way by daughtry . i often talk to myself , externalizing my inner monologues . it's quite fun , actually . in debating , i like to use each of my functions as an integral part of my whole . first , of course , is my ni , which forms the frame of my argument by providing me with insights into both mine and ... me too ! could your fear of heights be called a fear of falling ? a few days ago , i would have asked , is it normal to be ' grown-up ' at the age of 14 ? right now , my current state of mind says that it doesn't matter what people think ' that they think it is absurd , ... when i feel that i am wearing a mask , immediately i retreat . for me , this happens when i lose track of the why in life ; why do i do this or that ? i withdraw into myself , validate everything i am ... how so ? machood it never really takes control , of my actions at least . some force inside me quashes all visible signs of anger , except for my eyes of course . the only time that this force is inactive is ... when you say you , are other people open to answer the question ? yes ! i identify totally with this guy ! usually , when i get really angry at someone who has just wronged me in some way , anger flares , explodes like a volcanic eruption in my heart ! then , i swamp it ... who is enrique iglesias ? what do you want to talk about ? : happy : i used to be an intp , when i was bullied and disliked . sometimes , i seem to think that it wasn't because i was actually an intp , but i was withdrawn from everyone else nursing the wounds behind a ... like a ninja , i think ? learning about my type definitely gave me a boost in my self-esteem . finally , i had hope of meeting people who understood me . afterwards , i looked into the other personality types and was able to ... erase this by evanescence . all these lives by daughtry . i need to find a confidante or i will explode at someone whose friendship i treasure . sometimes i feel like i must have an outlet , but finding it has been hard . sometimes i retreat into myself but ... i am about 14 . joining this site was a last resort to find other people that honestly understand who i am , who i can identify with . i must say that this was the best last resort i have ever taken . doing fine , i guess ? what else could a ghost-capturing machine potentially be used for ? what i like about being an infj is how ... in touch i am with my stream of consciousness . i can just let myself go and drift in the breeze of thought , fast as light yet it takes ages to pass . i also ... i am almost completely the same . usually , when in the presence of a girl that i like , a facade of ... aloof calm sort of descends over my appearance , while on the inside , i'm buzzing with joy . when we ... infj , estp and istp kind of form a personality triangle . impetuous . what's the point ? when i feel as if either me , someone i care for or a cause that i stand for is in danger , my estp shadow , the tiger , springs into the light . at such times , i feel like a leaf in a storm ; i am ... i could not live with causing someone else pain ; i would feel as if , on a deeper level , i was only hurting myself . i think that's the characteristic empathy in me . for me , they are estp , istp and infp . i like the first two ; our radically different perspectives complement each other , and , in brainstorming , we can usually solve each other's problem . however , ... i am young . i hope that , eventually , i will progress to such a great extent . to answer your last question , yes ! ! ! i get this amazing ' flying ' feeling every time i succeed in making a deep connection ... i think , in my case , that the reason i have such a deep aversion to conflict is that i readily open myself up to the other person , becoming him or her in a sense , and this is like amplifying their ... for me , i usually retreat into an inner world full of complex and intricately woven characters , snippets of whom are drawn from my reality . my favorite is this estp gladiator who , being my shadow , ... if i may , estp girls , what makes you feel appreciated ? if the person doesn't intend to hurt me , then i'll listen , at least until the point that it starts touching on my beliefs and values . in such a scenario , i tend to put up a facade of calm while ... '