' all the enfps ( 2 guys , 3 girls ) i know are acquaintances and not close friends , mostly due to circumstance rather than choice . i've always felt comfortable and happy around them though . partly ... i only posted this here because it's a safe zone of like-minders . if i got to say what i really wanted to say ... the world i live in would be on fire . i'm currently surrounded by straw men who ... i'm so ready to join a community of people with whom i can air my honest views without feeling like they're too dumb or too smart to understand . being an unnaturally silent e for such a long ... i appreciate that hahaha ! ! ! * still pinching thine cheeks * probably a 9/10 . like the most - ability to remain calm under pressure in order to exercise logic . d'awww * pinches yo cheeks * i didn't go down this path as if i had a choice between roads to take i think . i started at an extremely young age , but i think it was mostly due to an innate anger / sadness that grew in me ( family ... i am a little confused as to why you'd think this were a good place to ask these questions . i mean , nobody here knows you or your friend personally , nor the story / full picture ... so ... are ... sheesh . i knew god made me a girl for a reason . when we enfps get mad , we get real mad . i'm about to hang out with my mom again soon and just revisited this thread for reminders . you all have been super helpful , thank you ! ! i've always been a major bully , from preschool , to elementary to high school . my methods of bullying evolved as i grew older - less physical and more mental / emotional . it wasn't just girls either , the ... not weird at all . i enjoy doing the same , but find that i tend to do it more when i've been stressed about something for a long time . hmm ... i don't feel like i need new friends , but somehow i still feel driven to make contact with people . especially if those people look rather left out . that's kind of draining though . i do ... you may have missed my original post . key points here - the person has gone low / no contact , which means not answering phone calls , texts , and avoiding meeting face to face . when asked ... this is when patience really comes in handy . wow look at the spadefuls i have ! not . [ emoji 43 ] * plops all gooey feelings into a bucket and shoves it in a corner along with the pile of bills * ... no , i wasn't given any good reason nor a chance to really talk about it . damn straight . now what do i do with my feelings ? ? * holds them out in my open palms * well where in the world are you icy lol how would you feel and respond if someone close to you ( friend or family member ) suddenly decided to go low / no contact with you due to a misunderstanding ? i find myself attempting again and again ... hmm , i think the people who misunderstand in the first place are the ones who weren't that interested to dig deep . i suppose some hurt comes from knowing they don't care enough to do so . i just don't ... i really dislike being misunderstood by people , yet i don't want to explain myself . i don't think they'd be interested anyway . had a very regular day yesterday and got all sad thinking about how i'll never have this day back again . i'll never see my children's faces the same exact way , or feel the same warmth of the sun in ... i moved out right when i turned 18 for somewhat similar reasons . i don't regret it , but be prepared for hard times . don't let those hard times get the best of your inner joy if you can help it or you ... it's so nice to meet somebody once in awhile who just gets it . other days i feel like a misunderstood centennial trapped in a young body . oo what's that movie with blake lively in it ? age of adaline ... that font [ emoji 24 ] had an intense business dinner with three entjs yesterday . my brain is still feeling a little fried . i just want to lay in bed and eat truffle fries all day . but i can't . * cue song cry me a river * stupid , boring , meaningless , negative and mundane things / people / activities . what other type have you been commonly mistaken for ? most people seem unable to guess that i'm an enfp , but the guesses are consistently either esfp or entj . if that's not a spectrum i don't know ... best : instead of learning from your own mistakes , the wiser thing to do would be to learn from the mistakes of others . worst : you should send your kids to daycare so you can get a job . ( outsource ... yes ! sometimes i regret telling too many people around me about mbti and that i'm an extrovert because then they think i am constantly on . i'm like guys , it doesn't work that way ... leave me alone ... i travel pretty frequently . but i suppose that also depends on your definition of travel . if you visit a part of town that you don't usually go to , does that count as travel ? i once had a serious ... too much explaining of yourself when you don't really need to . it makes it seem as though you care more than you should . in a way , it could be leading someone on to believe in non-existent feelings ... i've moved so many times in the past decade and left memories scattered everywhere . i wish i could paint the views of every room i had lived in and hang them up as a reminder of the ups and downs of ... if the negative whiny person were a really good long time friend who is determined to be set in his / her ways ( not looking for sensible solutions or unwilling to take logical options into account ) , ... i'm confused . what are you trying to achieve exactly ? what's the no contact for and when you want it to work , what are your expectations ? if i like the person i'd hop on it . if i didn't , i'd just not respond , respond slowly , or pretend i didn't see and block you a few months later hoping you'd have forgotten haha by the way , i did ... i like doing things with my sensor friends , but i don't really like talking with them as much since i feel that they can't entirely grasp what i'm saying . but if i were looking to just chill or do ... i may be making a big move across continents again soon . i hate saying goodbye ( for now ) , but i can't help but be excited about all the new and wonderful things that are going to come ! i feel like the people closest to me sometimes take advantage of the fact that i forgive and forget so easily . i have 1 minute of my break time left , and i'm contemplating starting a nap . oops . break time's over . alright just fifteen minutes ... hmm i kind of agree with your friend . that message was too much ! is it me or do millennials sound enfp more than anything ? http://www.relevantmagazine.com/life/were-over-millennial-hate i'm curled up in a cozy corner with smoked salmon and beer watching downton abbey . just had a thought that manners and being proper may be tiresome , but it sure makes everyday life much more bearable ... as i was at the playground with me toddler yesterday , i was trying to imagine how my mom felt like at my age with me as a child . i went down the slide countless times though people were staring at me ... interesting . could you give an example of that ? hmm i'm not familiar with those terms in the test results . which on this list are they ? :) i wonder how optimism is a weakness ... [ emoji 848 ] have any intjs here done the strengthsfinder test ? what are your strengths ? dear fellow enfps ( read as uh-nf-puh-ss lol ) , do you think you have high eq ? i've recently come to a few epiphanies . i used to think i had high eq because i have a large number of friends and feel ... from my experience with intjs , i think 90 % of the time they really do things based on logic not emotions . i say this because they are capable of doing things against how they feel ( but logically ... i just want to share that tonight , i successfully refrained from engaging in an online debate about trump with his diehard fans who aren't even american . core values are the intangible prices of the middle piece of an apple . the price of that middle piece - the core , depends on the seeds . good seeds = high core value . bad seeds = low core value . '