' an esfp pulled this move on me and i never forgot him ! he was always so much fun to be around , going on crazy adventures and trying to invite me along . when i didn't reciprocate his interest right ... make yourself scarce and she'll start to develop the hots for you . i'm always a bit surprised to hear you rave about infjs , . : happy : my hunch is that they get along better with a certain enneatype of enfp . to me , they've always become grating eventually ... okay , sure ! opposite functions create a lot of conflict . we have the same functions , but their order in our functional stack is flipped , so we both look at each other and think they're doing it ... any type combination is possible ...  ... except enfps and istjs . sorry , i had to . : crazy : you're overthinking it ! : tongue : people do things for all sorts of strange reasons . best to take them at face value until you know the person better . i don't like texting . you lose so much of your personality and risk being misunderstood when you're writing your thoughts down . hard to convey that goofy charm that we have as clearly in written ... you sound pretty self aware re : your confidence issues . thanks for sharing your insights here . what you said about how one's family influences development of self-esteem makes a lot of sense . i hope ... if i'm super comfortable around a guy , we're definitely just friends . some other enfp women seem to be okay with best buddy types of relationships with guys , and she might be one of them , so maybe ... this , exactly . there are plenty of coldly realistic enfps . welcome to the club . : happy : we are so similar ! i love what you said about being self-critical . it's so , so , so true , and definitely something i'm working on . having fi-ne can be pretty torturous sometimes . it gets tiring ! you ... you're welcome . hm , well , it doesn't matter what i think . : wink : the opinions of a bunch of strangers about this woman's feelings aren't going to make a difference as to the outcome of you asking ... enfps aren't typically big texters ( well , maybe younger enfps are - i'm in my 20s ) so the fact that she texts you back at all is a good sign . frankly , i don't initiate with people i'm not interested ... i'm the same way . : happy : the vibe of a place is so important ! however , people are an equally important factor for me . hmm , you are bringing up more to chew on ... i think people prize loyalty because during relationships , there can be highs and lows , and it's not worth investing your time and emotional energy in someone who's gonna bail on you when you hit a ... very interesting ! ne and se could not be more different , although they look very similar on the surface . i'm guessing you're an enfp ! i like the istp in my life . he's super independent just like i am . he doesn't overwhelm me with his emotions , which is a relief since i'm frequently just trying to deal with my own ! i think ... many xnfps are artistic , so we are we are very sensitive to stimuli - shapes , colors , aromas , tastes ... just because we lead with ne doesn't mean we can't tap into se . : happy : i engage with se often ... good for you ! what a great field . getting your phd is definitely as challenging as med school . your te must be on point ! if you ever decide to teach , you might be like that cool enfp psych ... same . i think the nfp smile is the kind of smile where you're not smiling too much with your eyes or the rest of your face - it's more limited to just your mouth area . i have to work to make my eye ... i've missed the enfp forum . such a positive place ! been hanging out on student doctor network this past year and as interesting as it is , there's a serious lack of enfps . place is overrun with tjs ... you can't share your awesomeness with the world without te . an enfp without te with picks up projects and leaves them half finished , never profiting from their efforts or feeling the satisfaction ... [ i carry your heart with me ( i carry it in ] by e . e . cummings i carry your heart with me ( i carry it in my heart ) i am never without it ( anywhere i go you go , my dear ; and whatever is done by ... i attract quite a few istps ( they love us enfps ! : happy :) and the one thing i try to get them to understand is that i don't do well with social signals that point to rejection . if i sense you don't ... draw up a daily schedule and loosely stick to it . become best friends with your planner book . you will accomplish many more of your goals during the day and consequently , will feel much more ... don't forget istps and esfjs . ;) medicine certainly needs more enfps . we are one of the ideal doctor types because of our critical thinking ability and strong interpersonal skills . medicine is full of istjs and esfjs , so enfps ... you write very eloquently . clearly you have highly developed organizational skills for an enfp ! congrats on your career success . i like what you said about people-oriented work being so ... ne is totally geared towards physics . my xnfj friends loved chemistry . i rocked at physics , so we'd help eachother out . sounds healthier than an ice cream addiction . : tongue : i suppose it's not good to work out to the point of experiencing pain . do you still do that ? bffs with an istj ? interesting ! it's great you have adapted to eachother's differences . i suppose if you find the right istj you can get through anything together . :) what makes you think enfps can't become engineers ? any type can become an engineer . mbti doesn't determine aptitude and talent . i know a few entps who love engineering ; they prioritize sensing in the ... i looked up that flavor , and it sounds amazing ! the crunchy texture mixed in with the gooey , sweetness ... :: drools :: haha , i miss ben and jerry's , but i don't miss being chubby and unhealthy . i'll ... oh man , ben and jerry's is totally addictive . i was eating a whole pint for breakfast at my lowest point . that's 1,400 calories . and yeah , it is expensive ! something like $ 6 / pint now . this post brought back a lot of memories for me . your description of never feeling quite full and always wanting 10 more candy bars after the first one is heartbreakingly accurate . it's not a fun way ... you and i are quite similar with our love of foods . sweets , in particular , are my crack . what you said about pizza and ice cream resonates with me as well . the unfortunate thing about binge eating ... ^ ^ great tips for enfps , too . it's a ne thing ! ne-somnia . update : the entp male who made me want to start this thread is apparently into polyamory . he basically wants to have sexual and romantic relationships with multiple women , and his gf is apparently ... love tall guys who appreciate tall women ! we may not be cute , but we can be elegant . : wink : fortunately it seems like at age 25 + a lot more men start appreciating tall ( 5 ' 11 , specifically ! ) ... big biceps , blue eyes , muscle shirts , chiseled abs , and a strong jaw line . extra points if he asks me to twerk for him . he must have every single quality on this list , plus be a millionaire and a ... i love how you phrased that . it's a very fi way of viewing the issue . fi embraces the shades of gray and eschews labels . label almost seem trite . they can also trivialize the issue by simplifying it ... istps are sexy ! the one istp i made out with was by far the best . kisser . ever . :p roud : infj's can be really cool and insanely attractive ! y'all are so analytical and deep . your eyes are usually pale in color and super piercing . the sexiest eyes i've seen have been infj eyes . one ... it's good to be picky . i'm picky , too . gotta have that emotional connection . : happy : how do you think demisexuals should be treated ? lol'ing right now . i feel so old reading about all of those labels and whatnot . isn't that pretty normal ? : tongue : i can't be attracted without liking a dude's personality , so i'm demisexual now ? hm . seems like there's a category ( pansexual , asexual , demisexual ... :: head ... this explanation exactly what i was looking for . thanks ! :: hands you a gold star :: : happy : married to an enfp ? you don't see that combination talked about too often . i bet you two have loads of fun together . it's fun to see you guys in action . some of my favorite professors were entps ! i may have had a tiny crush on one or two of them ... humble , too . : wink : '