' i fucked up . i wish i could achieve my goals within an hour sent from my htc one x using tapatalk candied ginger sent from my htc one x using tapatalk i don't . a lot of my friends are , and they're lovely , i just don't feel any organized religion is for me personally . i also don't believe i'll ever know enough to be sure whether an omnipotent ... agnostic ? raised catholic and went to a catholic private school for most of my years , but as i questioned and went on with my life i really didn't agree with a lot of what i learned , and ... while how you act certainly can give insight into your type , i do think that morals can be greatly shaped by upbringing more than type , and that enneagram can really make people of the same types ... almonds , dark chocolate , and greek yogurt . i'm also drinking some green tea . sent from my htc one x using tapatalk brewing some coffee as i finish up these damn spreadsheets . i don't know how to sleep , so i'm dying a bit . just a little . look at you , trying to fix things that aren't broken . why don't you go back to your corner and glare at people . i barely sleep . it's just something i can't do . i used to take medication and whatnot to help , but it didn't keep me asleep , so i'd wake up like an hour or two later . when i do sleep for long periods ... i thought suits were more of an entj thing . apparently a lot of intjs wear black t-shirts and jeans . i can honestly say 80 % of my wardrobe is black . black chocolate . this applies to me . i think being an only child has something to do with it in my case . i've never grown up around smaller children or babies , so i'm very inexperienced . it's not like i hate them or ... convincing my friend that it's fine i don't own a christmas tree , since i don't really do anything at my home anyways , and how putting it up myself is too much work , as is putting it away once the ... pisces intj . i don't relate to it much , if you were wondering . for me when i preform , it's more about me not letting myself down . i've probably practiced for hours on getting this one thing right , and to only have one chance to show all my effort is stressful ... pizza ! not rice cakes this time . i have a pretty standard cat , but i wouldn't mind having a snake . i have an entp friend who has stick insects ( phasmids ? ) i'd love to have a llama . i feel like i can relate to them . you don't have to be overly confrontational about it . when he approaches you , calmly tell him that his attention is unnecessary , and unwelcomed , and kindly ask him to stop . if he doesn't , inform him ... still , if it is negatively affecting you , causing you to be unable to function during class , this is an issue that should be addressed . you're there to learn and be productive , and if he is hindering ... i'd probably be a thin mint cookie . dark , cool , and slightly addictive . : cool : teehee . intj 5w4 . i don't know if that cookie is a good representation of me , but i find them delicious . what's this for ? hmm , well i was bullied growing up to some extent , and have been sexually assaulted twice , but that wasn't in my early years . apparently they ( a good deal of my classmates ) ... have you told them they're bothering you ? be assertive when stating your discomfort , and let them know you are not flattered . rice cakes , for the third time in a row . wow , i'm super interesting . :d ry : i typically don't eat meat , but it's not because i dislike it , or because it goes against my moral code . if i eat overly acidic or processed food my dermatitis acts up and it isn't fun for me , or ... here you go . 86873 i think it's fairly messy , but legible enough . i said rice cakes the last time , but rice cakes again . i must really enjoy rice cakes . he might have a sense of pride and is embarassed to get help from you . i used to be like that until i realized i really needed help because i pissed people off just by sitting down . ( typically i ... dispenser thank you all for your input . i'm leaning towards intj since i don't feel i use my si very often , but i could completely be wrong . i've always seen istjs to be more proactive in school and what not . i'd say intj , but i'm not sure , since i'm juggling between the two at this point . eyesopen thank you ! i appreciate it . omg wtf bro hey there : tongue : people seem to mispell my username often , so sorry if you get a bunch of useless notifications siren ! i never really though i'd do one of these , but some input would be appreciated . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental ... redacted i'd say estp . i was going to say entp until you talked about your room . well , kind of . ni is a function that i feel is oriented towards analizing a situation and predicting an outcome , basically . if one uses their ni very often , these predictions can happen at a very ... yeah basically . : crazy : i'm sure they can sense they're missing something . and you're less of a dick , more of an asshole . you know , full of shit ? :p roud : well you take what's presented to you , and make a hypothesis of sorts , adding in knowledge you already have . i was going to say deduction , but that feels like more of an ne thing , i'm not sure . but ... sarcasm ? i would never ! in all seriousness though , like all good things , it's fine in moderation . i knew a guy who used it as a defence mechanism . also sarcasm is pretty easy , so people might ... yeah , i agree , and i personally am more of a trapezoid myself . this is a serious issue . i thought this was going to end with you being whiney and annoying , but i'm pretty happy i read through . you seem like you've got everything together , and have a nice plan set up . good luck . pretty fantastic for a sick , sleep deprived person who likes to complain . :p roud : so , if anyone actually reads this , i'm sorry for wasting your time . ( not really ) can we all please take a minute and think about how disgusting throwing up is . sorry if that's triggering or ... to remember how to sleep . to be able to go a day without coffee . and i wish i had more food around the house , all i have are rice cakes . welcome . i don't know if i enjoy getting weird looks , but i'm okay with it , so probably an 8 ? while i'm comfortable , it might be easier to conform on set occasions , and since my inner weird is very much a ... i have no idea how to help you use it , but if you manage to pull answers seemingly out of thin air , that's like well nurtured ni . that's why intj's just know . everything . you take a bunch of ... '