' a lot of these are really true . what would definitely clarify how an enfp acts , however , is what kind of person the romantic interest is : if the interest is a casual acquaintance or a good friend ... ah , maybe i should've finished reading . but learning from past mistakes is against my moral code it seems . this is unsolicited advice , but deciding what i want has always helped me make a choice ... i'm still in the process of reading all the responses , so i can only hope i'm saying something new . anyway , i think it's a common misconception that we wear our emotions on our sleeves . at least ... not easily at all . i'm able to make acquaintances and friends easily , but even when i tell the friends who i know will not betray my trust and who i have known for a long time about private things ... i'm into fashion and so i put a lot of effort into how i dress and try not to fall into school trends . even though i switch styles all the time , i generally wear things just slightly differently , ... why not here ? :) i only know one confirmed intj , my sister , so i'll just base my answer off her like : natural leader responsible and competent there for you when it really counts ( she won't listen to my rants , ... yaaas to this question . shingeki no kyojin / attack on titan fate / zero aldnoah.zero fullmetal alchemist brotherhood tokyo ghoul ( s1 only ) noragami zankyou no terror i don't mind when people don't take my advice , even when it's solicited , because i don't regard it as a rule or the absolute right thing to do all the time . most of the time i give advice and make it ... intj only because my sister used to sing that song all the time and she was an intj . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bacf5UWytg this cracked me up . i have many insecurities that have been exacerbated by a complex relationship with my mom . i am confident and happy outside of the home , but i often feel younger , insecure , and dependent with my mom ... have you read susan sontag's on photography ? it's very long , but you might be interested in checking out some of the passages , like the one on migrant mother . lines from the same short story : she spoke quietly now , as one does when sharing a secret between friends . and though it was meant to be welcoming , he felt like an intruder on someone else's ... definitely join a few clubs , especially ones for the long-haul where you can make close friends . quality is better than quantity in essence . some of the best ones are the clubs in which you stay ... my mom is an istj ( confirmed ) and i cannot even begin to type my dad . when i get along with my mom we're incredibly close , but in less than a second we can go to fighting and driving each other ... anywhere . i can be found in stem clubs , poetry meetings , volunteering events , political offices , etc . if you find someone cracking jokes to friends and looking slightly drunk in a nonalcoholic ... i haven't read much on cognitive functions , so i'll speak from experience . when i'm in a place with other people i take on a seize the day attitude and socialize with strangers , but that doesn't mean ... i'm a chinese enfp born and raised in america and i've never felt pressured to be reserved or timid . even when visiting relatives in china i've never encountered an atmosphere like that . maybe it's ... maybe take some time with him / her alone , like take him / her out to get coffee in a different environment and let your sibling know you're there to help . if you believe he / she can do better , offer ... i've had an experience like this . i've never gotten angry at anyone other than a family member , but when family fights it gets crazy . there's always this invisible line you don't want to cross , but ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNoMeKCn0x4 stop being late to everything use the stylus for my phone learn another language actually write the novel i have piles of scraps full of ideas , paragraphs , and phrases on i absolutely hate being micromanaged as well . it's kind of hypocritical then that i turn neurotic when i end up in charge unless i have full trust for the person in question . i've been in a few ... playing a character and trying too hard to impress or becoming insecure and worrying too much about how others will judge them to be their normal outgoing self . in the second situation , you'll see ... how common / uncommon is it to find enfps in the higher management and administration positions in corporations ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOHEuhJf7nA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLYHc5_12NE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg6BwvDcANg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9g7TJnJk48 ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGWtF1AttTw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKy-Ucy5C2w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdzI-191xhU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyASdjZE0R0 ... enfps are all different people and even within the same type we will differ , but i'd agree with this . we're kind of weird in that being alone means being alone with other people in the room . if it ... definitely . i hold up my friends to certain ideals and i sometimes wonder if i'm doing the jay gatsby thing . it's not like i have particularly high expectations ; i'd just like to be able to ... i'm pretty similar in the way i respond . i'm actually having a problem with someone quite subversive right now . the problem is , as long as someone doesn't outright insult me and to my face , i'll ... you should meet my sister . i just found out a week ago that she was an intj when she sent me the 16 personalities test and told me to take it . i was like , girl , you are years late to the party .  ... here's a question from an enfp . i've never been to a school dance before , and senior homecoming is on the same day as a league tournament . speech and debate tournaments can end pretty late and the ... can chlorine be filtered out of water ? because the water in my house tastes funny . i keep on forgetting my yahoo accounts / passwords , so here's a question . edit : i mean with the conventional ... i've only met one other person i think is enfp and i completely agree with you in that particular case . she seems to be constantly playing a character and i definitely was that person in 6th grade ... http://http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/29579-common-things-said-enfps-164.html i wear skirts and dresses all through the winter months . then again , i do live in california and am ... the feels just kidding , because that would just be ... weird ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WteF0j5gYGk first of all i think it was really brave for you to have that conversation with your boss and give him a copy of the profile . i can't suggest anything more with how you might get some ... sign me up ;) on a side note , have you watched unbreakable kimmy schmidt ? because that is a show that begs to be shared . kaosrevolution you remind me of someone . i shall think on it ... this will bother me for the longest time a bit scandalizing , but continue the desensitization please . this is basically a rant thread . for me , it isn't very cathartic if you don't get to say something that's on your mind too . even if that thing is shared by others . i think it's better that way ... what are we witnessing here ? that was a lie . thanks for the advice and flattering praise i shamelessly ate up . i usually just set qualifying statements , but since that doesn't deter her , i'll probably have to work up to that kind of honesty . i ... use of no true scotsman too (: i just want to point out that there's a lot of research currently being done on set point theory and weight . maybe lack of exercise and overeating has led certain people to gain weight , but i don't ... so did you ever consider the conversations and relationships you had with friends in high school somewhat lacking ? and did you naturally downsize to a smaller group of close friends ? i really want to build up an inner circle like yours , but i've never found someone who's willing to talk for a long time about things like politics , public debates , or personal issues seriously and ... '