hmm . i'll have more later ... istp - very introverted and controlling enfj - very smart and warm esfj - very warm and gets things done enfp - first girlfriend , her dad was infp . she was a musician , left-handed , like me . estp ... i write with my left hand , but i can do many things with either ( except scissors ! ~ ) sometimes i hear music , and it makes me cry . this has always filled me with a sense of shame ; shame for who i am . i was always a sensitive boy , and it's a difficult trait to reconcile against the ... i did ok in hs , ok in college . i found that , if i was really interested in the subject , i would crush it . grades meant nothing , but consuming the topic was everything . on the other hand , if i ... i think infp's feel that the kind of thing you did is symbolic of a self-sacrifacing nature , which is high on the list of important values . a key to doing this is to breathe the right way . you have to take long , deep belly breaths until your lungs are almost full . at that point , your autonomic nervous system will be activated and your ... meditate , or try to focus only on what is right in front of your eyes , right now . when you wash the dishes , try to focus on the motions involved . how does the soap feel on your skin ? the warm water ? ... all i know is that i would never date me . i't s phase for me . i'm almost done with it ... i realized resently that i have to feel pain , really feel it , to understand it . i can't hide or deny it , because it's there for a reason . do you think that all of the suffering you have endured has ... 41 ... i was excited at first , or i should say , releaved , since it meant that there were others who share my experiences to a degree . but it has not changed the fact that i am different than others ... i probably qualify . i can go on a terrific tear of self hatred and destruction at times . then i realized that the self-hatred was just another form of self-obsession , and therefore no different ... i have never wanted to be rescued . i just want to be understood . actually , i really want to understand myself so i can make my art with greater clarity . i'm not on this earth to be rescued , or even ... two of my best friends in this world are estp's . i really enjoy hanging with them and being able to piggyback on their great social skills , and hear their ideas and enthusiasm for life . they get me ... i like that i can sometimes see things clearly , that i understand music so well , that i am intolerant of abuse and inequality . i dislike that i can't seem to get out from under this cloud of ... i'm 6 feet tall . medium build . wide shoulders . always had strong legs . freakishly-big big toes ! i used to be pretty skinny , but bulked up a lot on my mid - 20 ' s ... long time ago now . i think my face ... i have a ba in classics ( ancient greek and latin ) . i also played in the u jazz band and studied piano in the music dept . pretty infp , huh ? lol it was all completely useless , and now i'm an ... you go ! i support this move 100 % awesome ! fuck yeah ! : tongue : i know this is pretty standard advise , but ' be yourself ' . what that means is , be vulnerable . i have a really good therapist ( who i think is an infp ) who tells me that many women want a man who is ... hehe ... in typical infp fashion , i have already rethought that statement about cars and sports ... i love bicycles , and can get pretty obsessive about carbon fiber do-dads and watching the races , so ... 14 years with an istj . glad it's over . i tried , i really did , but after a while , it just became futile . we're still friends though . she's a good person . just not right for me . it sucks feeling like you have to talk about football and cars all the time , when i really want to talk about music and science and spirituality . blah ... i've only known 2 or 3 other male infp's ... pretty rare , partialy because we feel compelled to act like big strong e men just to get through the day . it's exhausting . i'm a musician . drums , mostly jazz , but i love funk , rock . everything . i played piano for years too . bass guitar a little . practice was always an issue for me . i got by on natural ability ... my point was that you can't make an exact copy because it's not a simple matter of dna . there are many adaptation that take place after birth and during gestation that determine complex phenomena ... my super organized gf uses google calendar and the iphone , along with a clip board . my method is to rely on her ! i'm not convinced that personality has much to do with genetics . someone tried to clone a cat a few years ago . guess what ? the clone looked completely different , and was temperamentally different ... i can honestly say that i've never gotten what i wanted out of life or relationships . i'm 41 years old . i have suffered from things in this life of mine . and yet i still have hope . i can still ... i really have no idea if she is infp . i'm really not concerned . maybe she's enfp ! but i will say this : the few times i have seen interviews with her , her words and thought and personality really ... i think she is wonderful . absolutely . i'm already there . most of what i wanted in my life , i just don't have the horsepower to accomplish . it may bring joy to the soul , but it won't butcher a pig to feed your family . that's what a ' practical ' person would say sure , go play with your little toys while i do the hard work of building a ... i don't want to type people . i think it emphasizes the wrong things . i trust my instincts . we all have faults . every person on earth . infp's get a lot of shit for being different , and i used to take that to heart . then i started calmly looking at things , and realized this : yeah , i may ... one of my best frineds when i was younger was isfp . bromance ! we were inseperable , both played drums , and were very supportive of each other . to date , he has written 7 novels . haha ! soo true . i had a therapist who wanted me to go to a therapy group ... for psychotics ! this because i told her that i hear music in my head all the time ... wtf ? she stopped being my therapist pretty fast . thanks . i think you're pretty weird and naive too . luli , i think it's great that you are so devoted to your son's happiness . he will benefit from it for the rest of his life . dammit , i typed a bunch of stuff , then the network went down . so here it is again ! write a list of what you like / love / respect / admire about him . then tell him that . it's that simple . tell him ... i'm suprised at the amount of relationship trouble other infps experience , epsecially female infps . i know it's hard for males , but females too ? is it the idealism ? anyway , i can be a little ... i pick my fingers til they bleed , pretty much on a daily basis . i do this when i''m alone or with others . i also tap my feet ormove constantly . my ex used to get on my case about it . my current gf ... scorpio ( please , don't touch my pinchers ) i have some avoidant tendancies . personal interaction can sometimes make me feel very anxious and uncomfortable . i know i'm an infp . it was a perfect fit when i was younger . now the descriptions seem condescending and maudlin to me ... life has a way of equalizing your personality , despite your temperament . i ... i've played music for a long time ( drums , bass and piano ) . i've recorded pop , jazz , free-jazz , d & b , funk , fusion and country . it's definitley my thing , moreso than language . you should join a band , snail . you have a lot of talent . keep working . i really like it ! i was not considered gifted as a child . ' special ' but not gifted ... : sad :