' thanks a lot , this was really helpful ! based on this , i think i'm closer to enneagram 7 , especially after the analysis of different behaviours from 7 and 9 , i'll take a look at the 6 just for ... heyy , it's like looking into a mirror , i see a lot of myself in what you wrote , for real ! i was starting to think i was an se aux user while browsing socionics , but in your post i see a lot of ... interesting , i heard this . then i'll take a look at ne and se descriptions and i'll try to figure out which i use and how . have you got some examples ? you've described me well , so it's still a good possibility based on your description ! honestly , i'm still trying to figure a lot of things out , i don't know how much can i be of help to help you get ... just read something about socionics , still need to approach the cjf , got any good links to study them better ? thank you , i'm still trying to figure my mental process . i'd say , based on this , i'm kinda in the middle , i can guess the possibilities , but i'll focus just on one , efficient and concrete way to ... hello there ! i'm studying mbti and cognitive functions and i know a bit about quadras in socionics . how do ti dom work with se-ni and ne-si ? i'm trying to understand the difference from the two ... hey there ! still trying to figure myself , but ti-si process really sounds a perfect fit for me :) i come across as happy and outgoing , while at the same time really laid-back and relaxed , in ... well , me too , but i think it doesn't depend from the enneagram :P hey guys , i just got recently into the enneagram theory , and i'm trying to figure out my type :) i'm pretty sure i'm an xntp type , but , i always thought i was a feeler because of my desire to always ... aww that's so sweet ! i like when so do like this , when they try to impose the same request on me , it's a guarantee that i'll do the exact opposite , dunno about you , my fellow ntps xd ... yeah i had the same problem , she wa so stuck in her ways that she really cannot manage to reach out and understad my position and ideas , while judging them without understanding a thing , or not have ... hey guys , i just got recently into the enneagram theory , and i'm trying to figure out my type :) i'm pretty sure i'm an xntp type , but , i always thought i was a feeler because of my desire to always ... yeah i can easily imagine that fueled , i broke up with her after only 5 months because the lust phase ended and we understood that we couldn't build nothing that could last in the long time esfj are sweethearts people , they would really make me happy in a relationship , i'm happy for you that yuo managed to find a balance between your different points of view , it's never easy ! ahahah i had an unhealthy xstj girlfriend , it was the hardest relationship that i went trough , i relate a lot to you guys xd in this i got intp 2 times out of 3 , good job , is more clear than the other ! bump nay don't sweat it , ne is a strong force , it was an interesting reading ! i like marvel films , but i still didn't see civil war , so it was quite hard to follw through without knowledge of the topic , ... hey dear , i think i'm an xntp and got both intp , entp and enfp as result ( i took it 5 times , this is the only result that i got 2 times , the other 3 were completely different xd ) , dunno why honestly ... well , you involuntarily helped me clearing my doubts , i'm more sure that i'm intp now , what's left to discover is my enneagram ! it's really funny btw , it's amazing that your son has a similar ... geonerd honestly you made me laugh , i have a dear istj friend and i've seen a lot of our behaviours in your description ! it goes on like this everytime we have a different opinion on a topic xd do ... very interesting description , but , what you mean with giving opinion ? i'm toally more of a listener , and i see myself so much in the part in which you say that they keep asking question and ... this is a very accurate description , never heard about that ! in this case , i'd say i'd totally be an intp then , even if i'm pretty talkative in brainstorming sessions , but it fits better for me the ... i agree , it was not my intention to mean well , i don't jump in groups , so i must be introvert , not at all , i agree with you , with my little study of mbti , the first thing i noticed was the giant ... interesting , i get it too , but when socialising actively for a prolonged time to detach myself and work in my own head , unless i'm talking about a very interesting topic , in that case i appear as the ... mninp interesting , i get why you too can be confused . i agree with you , i have the same behaviours , but , at the end of the day , i'd end up doing what i want to do for myself . about social anxiety , ... geonerd interesting ! in what you said i'm more intp then , i love talking with people and going out with my friends , but i mostly love my alone time and focusing on my activities ! nice description ... yeah , i read about it too ! anyway , my 2nd shot is on the enneagram 9w1 , but i think the 7 is more fitting for me ! don't take it for granted , but there is a good possibility :D how do entps cope ... martinkunev well , i'm quite jumpy , but i definitely have some hobbies that still appeal to me after years eryngo oh , awesome , that's a pretty amazing description ! well , first of all i'm not ... thanks freya ! why did you get these vibes ? anyway , you get it right :P i'm torn between entp and intp , estp would be awesome , but i kinda suck with my se , like , i lose things i have in my pockets ... ahaha thank you pal , i'm curly by nature , i'm glad you liked it :D everything counts , thank you for the reply ! well , it's an interesting observation ! on this group people tell me that i seem to prioritize ti first , doesn't look like i'm ne dom , but i see a lot more ... lol beautiful thread http://personalitycafe.com/customprofilepics/profilepic473737_3.gif come and get it ! edit : by the computer the upload didn't work , so i uploaded another image by ... hello there ! after a long research and a lot of talking , i understood that i'm xntp , i'm in a chat group of mbti and there people type me as intp , but i see myself closer to entp ( with the intps ... hello there ! after a long research and a lot of talking , i understood that i'm xntp , i'm in a chat group of mbti and there people type me as intp , but i see myself closer to entp ( with the intps ... hello there ! after a long research and a lot of talking , i understood that i'm xntp , i'm in a chat group of mbti and there people type me as intp , but i see myself closer to entp ( with the intps ... ok , i'm pretty sure of the accuracy of enneagram 7 , i read also the 9 for clarity , some things are fitting , but i'm pretty sure this is the most fitting one ! probably my wing is 7w6 , sounds better ... ok , i'm pretty sure of the accuracy of enneagram 7 , i'll read also the 9 for clarity , but i'm pretty sure this is the most fitting one ! probably my wing is 7w6 , sounds better for me ! thank you anyway ... i'll read it right away , thank you for the help ! drmiller 100 well the , occasions in which i blow up are really rare , i prefer an harmonious setting . usually , i have a more accepting approach , except when people really make bad assertions ! i prefer ... is it so obvious ? thanks a lot anyway for your answer :D cheers ! unicornrainbowlove thanks again , i'll answer all of this ! questions for type 2 : how hard do you try to be popular and make others like you ? not so much , i likle to be appreciated but i won't ... i'm happy to have been somehow useful to you ! i still need to research a lot of things , but i'm pretty sure now that i'm an xntp , so , all of this data gathering have been useful to me too , just need ... thanks for the reply ! i'll try to answer , i hope with sufficient accuracy : maybe learning about new things and , using the acquired knowledge , to get good results in my objectives . i'd like ... hello to everyone , as i said in the title , have you got any suggestions on how to discover my enneagram type ? i'm pretty sure i'm a ti-ne / ne-ti in the mbti / socionics system , but i don't know where ... yes , this is the kind of quality content that i like on this forum . i pay to you all my respects to have found the will to completely expose yourself , you've done a really good job . honestly , i'm ... you know , turi , i think you were right on your hypothesis , i am in an mbti group on telegram , one intp there made me a lot of questions and asked me to explain my behaviour in certain situation , ... bump olahf thank you too for your description , i can understand why you too are also confounded about your type ! well , at first glance , your description fit totally with enfp , they're adventurous , ... '