' well , we're * reeealy * similar . often , the only person who gets my enfp humor is my infp friend . and we can talk forever about anything . but where i see the difference is in the little ... as an enfp , ne is my life , so i can't tell you how to exercise it but i can tell you what ot looks like in action . ne listens in on a conversation and jumps to conclusions based on patterns that ... i'm glad that my comment made sense to you ... based on my two infp friends , who i have watched crash and burn at times , it sounds like you are trying to use your t - but does it actually clarify ... and while doing that , you need to put one hand over your mouth and say : red squadron to squadron leader , target acquired . initiating launch sequence upon your mark ... : ninja : heh . : cool : oh , do i know from ne ! my whole life is oo - shiney ! - but i stick myself in the worst jobs ( secretary , working for the federal government , then grantwriter ... ugh ! ! ! ) while you are ... i find that it is easier when i understand the point of the form , or know who it is going to . that allows me some comfort with the tediousness of it all . i also try and do no more than 3 forms at a ... hoping i got this right , and much thanks to all in twilight . this makes the data much easier to use , and i know it must be frustrating to do this , having herded cats myself more than once . : wink : ... sorry - it came from a book a friend was telling me about . it was some funky business thing that was trying to help people create a life plan using a business plan format . anyway , he said that this ... word . i just did a find your purpose exercise where you list 10 times in your life where you felt alive and fully engaged , and that will show your purpose in life . all ten are radically ... this thread passed awkward light years ago ...  ... and that's why i love perc . : laughing : 63029 me + volume - any hint of shyness . last bender was a conference in new orleans . first night , after a double vodka straight , i spent most of the night laughing and telling people my brain was numb ... hornet thank you . with all of my heart . you are absolutely spot on , this is where i am right now , who i am right now . i will meditate on what you've told me and use that wisdom well ... well , most people don't know their mbti , but there must be some aspect of all these people that you find particularly attractive . my guess is that it is the enfp gregariousness that often tends to ... as an enfp who was married to an intp , i would say it is a difficult relationship pairing . we had several sources of conflict because we both were very strong in our preferences . but the biggest ... ... be willing to totally ignore ' reality ' . i would love ... and glitter . don't forget the glitter . one day , i'm gonna bring the glitter to my all-male office and just watch them freak out . no , wait , * pink * glitter . yeaaah . : ninja : i used to say that college was ... but i can't anymore . because i am dedicating myself to making now the best time of my life . and the same tomorrow , and the day after and the day after and so on .  ... i don't walk barefoot outside , but the minute i'm in the house - bam ! i have a total love / hate relationship with shoes . i love them , but i always whip them off when i'm sitting for a bit , and i ... daydreams all the time ... check constantly changing emotional state ... check difficulty in regulated environment ... check need for adventures ... check sounds like enfp syndrome to me . ;) my ... lol ... funny enough i pretty much only wear pants , because i look better in them than in a skirt ( i'm a touch on the fat side , and dresses / skirts make me feel like a frickin ' sherman tank ! ) . however , ... hornet ... i just want to thank you for being kind enough to do this . it is very sweet of you to offer your services up like that , especially considering the emotional energy it takes to do a ... oooo ... * * hugs ! ! ! * * * squeals with joy and squeeezes * hullo ! welcome , greetings and salutations ! so glad you could join us , and i hope you have tons o ' fun here . it's always grand to ... i deeply love the two infps in my life . they are a source of support and wisdom i so greatly need . i just hope that i can support and entertain them in return . ( after all that's what we ... * waves frantically * hi ! ! ! glad to see another enfp , and i'm looking forward to seeing you on the various threads . sorry to hear that you are now single . been there , still single , but that ... have you ever noticed ... loves ya , sweetie ! dude ! ! ! i did not say that . seriously , i would never ... oh ... wait ... ummm ... oops . when did you tell me that ? really ? ? i'm glad i'm so memorable , lol . ( i'm sure , as in ' look at that loon over there ... ) and i think everyone has the potential to be an asshole . ( i know i sure do ! ) i'm just particularly blessed ... squeee ! ! thank you ayasullivan and horrorhound ! i love all of these songs , especially decepticon ! it's like a love child between devo and the b52 ' s - my life soundtrack bands ! ! no , wait ... ok , so i go to new orleans with my co-workers for a conference . my boss decides that it is * very * important that we all have a good time and proceeds to insist we go out to the karaoke bar where the ... when this is the logical , obvious response . and reading it makes you giggle . out loud . in public . also , just wondering : are enfps the type that uses : kitteh : , : crazy : , : tongue : and : cool : the ... well , i haven't met any , but i like pretties , and i love men , so ... * sigh * ( and a coat ! you included a coat ! ! ! ) but come to think of it , aren't most men actually glorious ? or ... epic snap . hella snap . get out of my way or i will cut your heart out with a spoon because it's dull you twit and it will hurt more snap . unless the sjs get the joke in the last one and we ... oh my stars and garters ... i'm sorry to be so late in responding ! i've been having an intense interaction with real life , and have been unable to get back to my much preferred intarwebz ... i ... or , better yet ... show me something i don't know about myself without me even asking . this freaks me when my infp buddies do it , but when my estj coworker does this , i'm ready to hide under my ... assign a complicated , boring task to be completed in a silent room with no windows or other people and demand that the task be completed on a hard deadline according to very specific and arcane ... i've never had a need to have children , and any time i get the baby urge , a trip to mcdonald's takes care of it . my ex didn't want kids either , and he would have been a worse father than husband , ... i avoid all the media shills and abort the entire 24 - hour news cycle . i lean to libertarian views , so i ignore most alternative sources as well . i figure what is most important is what i can directly ... many artists have fabulous careers without being more than a one-hit-wonder in the us . i hope he does what makes him happy and doesn't chase after the us market just because he thinks he should . isn't it amazing how that namey-thing is so important to people and they just zip by so fast ... and i'm just like yeah , fine , whatever - let's get back to that really cool idea we were just talking ... ooops - forgot to squee about the video : love it ! ! ! it's all gin , all day at work today , i'm tellin ' ya . : laughing : hmmm , i wonder if the inability to remember names on first hearing is an enfp thing , or just a ' me , too ! ' . i usually end up calling everyone ' darling ' or ' sweetie ' to compensate . ( oh , the things ... oh ... wow , i am so ... can i hug you ? ? * feels so honored and touched * ( intj sister says yeah , touched in the head in the background ... ) thank you for putting more rainbow-colored ... i love watching people doing silly things without feeling all self-conscious about it . there is a famous story in the bible about king david acting like a dancing fool as an act of worship . i ... oh dear . everyone has been posting such pretty music ... and i want to introduce you to my newest girlcrush , gin wigmore . she does some pretty songs , but the songs i love are more ... energetic . ... * drags lachesis out of hiding * awww ... you so wonderful ! ! * smooches and hugs ! * * bounces and claps hands and sprinkles rainbow glitter in happiness once lachesis squirms away ... * ... wow - good timing on this thread , as anger is a huge issue and something i'm really trying to learn to control . i'm also an enneagram 9w1 , so keeping the peace and keeping things light is ... oh noes ! i did know that and i forgot - i'm sorry ! ! ! : crying : ( so rude of me ! ) glad i got the ' spodey part right , tho ' . and you are super awesome yourself , no kinda perhaps maybe ' bout ... how not-shocked am i , fellow enfp and lover of all things colorful and ' spodey with a gooey , chewy center . : cool : going to watch the video again ... oh i adore this song ! it is my happy enfp song / video . now i can see where one might od on it , but i don't watch tv much or listen to commercial radio , so i control how often i hear it . unlike , ... wow - this is a cool thread ! hmm , who would i be ... i guess i would be very similar to vlad tepes , someone willing to do any damn thing necessary to make the world better / safer . he fought the ... i'm glad you feel you got your answer , and it's interesting to see the variation among one personality type . this thread could be used as an example of how love languages work , especially the ... '