' to me , a “ nice guy ” is someone who would prefers to be friends before lovers with the person they ’ re attracted to and will be cautious about bringing romance into the relationship . i will use this ... what is something you were a huge fan of before it got really popular ? > the concept of e-sports name a condiment that is not : ketchup , mustard , mayonnaise , relish , salt , or pepper > italian ... this is what i tell people if they ask me why i have never been in a romantic relationship : i try to live in a way that i can be happy and fulfilled even if i never have a romantic relationship . ... i see where you ’ re coming from in finding meaning alone . i also find myself failing to explain the true depth of my thoughts and feelings all the time . besides difficulty explaining myself , i like ... your desire for a physical connection is completely understandable . it ’ s a biological urge that can ’ t be fully controlled and nearly everyone has it . i ’ d rather have a romantic relationship than ... the phrase x93more than a friendx 94 is terrible and needs to be eliminated : ix92ve reflected on what is important in relationships and compared my views to what societyx 92s views seem to be , and ix92ve come ... small talk isn't inherently wrong , but generally after a lot of solitude some deep conversation is one of the best things in the world . at the same time responding to what did you do this weekend ? ... i'm 20 and i've been nowhere close to being in a romantic relationship . i'm not surprised given what i want in this kind of relationship . my standards for my potential girlfriend are : 1 ) we must ... i'm not convinced being bothered by others mistyping themselves is productive or beneficial , so it seems like the best thing to do is have a mindset adjustment to be less bothered . as several ... there is enormous variation between individuals that is not related to personality , such as personal experiences , location , friends and family , pressures and problems one faces etc . infj's could be ... education . the desire to learn is important for just about everything . making a difference in the world , creating happiness for yourself and others , and doing what you're passionate about all ... this is a valentine message to the infj forum in general : i spend a much higher percentage of my time here lurking than posting , and that is because there have been so many comments here that have ... this is such a great and relatable cause , especially for those that feel different than most ( which probably includes most of us here . ) it would be pretty nice if humanity as a whole could reach ... ever wanted to talk about a cause , but not do it because it would seem weird to start a movement for it ? that therex 92s some issue thatx 92s important to you , but most would think you're crazy to get ... this thread is inspired by the times that i've noticed that i have been energized by being around other people despite my general preference and love for quiet solitude . in fact , there have been a ... though it's easier said than done , i have recently decided its best for me to not care too much about being masculine , whether it's a good a bad version . i'm no expert on this matter , but i ... while i agree with the opinions of hokahey and knittigan in that it's impractical to expect a complete overhaul of the whole gender system , i support btmangan's message to reject the system entirely ... i really like the values of professional sports . the thought of individuals constantly pushing themselves through competing is extremely appealing . there's nothing like watching a close match ... most deep thoughts that i have been reflecting over are good to post here because i can skip the barriers that are present in live human interaction . saying what i type on perc in real life would ... here's are some possibly misguided ideas that i've been thinking about : is it possible that being single might be seen as bad because of the common perception of romantic and platonic ... getting married would be nice , but as long as i can support myself financially , being single sounds fine . having a lot of solitude is often a good thing for me . though i would say that i would ... i agree completely with your view of what most classes are like . unfortunately , too much value has been placed on what we learn in school when most of what we do is pointless memorization and ... the continuous process of education occurs within and outside of the classroom . institutionalized learning includes what learn from school as well as what we are required to know , and self learning ... i'm not too knowledgeable about enneagram , but i think i'm a 3w4 . i relate to a lot of the descriptions of both , but 3 slightly more . it seems like a very unusual combination and it seems ... thank you for the change in perspective . there are enough flaws in the way the term nice guy is used ( i am certainly guilty of this . ) i should be more careful about how i use it in the future . i ... yeah , being yourself 100 % is more of an ideal than something that humanity can practically accomplish . when the term be yourself is used though , it's often used to describe your best self ( which ... the perception of masculinity is an abomination to everyone , especially to genuinely nice guys . nice guys are often told to be more masculine , that they need to be more confident , intimidating , ... i'm an hsp ( highly sensitive person ) and another guy who got the impression from others that sensitivity was a bad quality for a male and a sign of weakness . for some reason i come off as ... my homework load so far has been very light , and i've been getting it done early . as a result , i have a lot of time to pursue what i'm interested in , and there's so much i can accomplish a lot at ... if you feel bad about asking others to hear you vent , just know that people can be fine listening to your problems . approach them with a genuine desire to improve your situation , be receptive to ... i see existing in the moment as less of being completely aware of my surroundings and more of being in completely immersed in thought , feeling , or one's inner world . like in music , a melody may be ... the phrase more than just a friend is usually a description of one's significant other . as someone who has been nowhere close to having a romantic relationship , i dislike the phrase . i put a lot ... i'm quite idealistic , but my ideals are almost entirely deal with my own mindsets and abilities . i'm not going to deny that i am largely uneducated about the world . i'm not very interested in ... this might sound unusual for an nf , but i don't really have any female friends . my relationships with males tend to be considerably closer than my relationships with females overall . the only ... this was so hard . i had to think about which values came most naturally for me , which values made me happiest ( i consider happiness to be the most important value listed ) , and which values would ... the whole idea of friends bashing each other doesn't seem to be wrong for everyone . my brother , who is a highly respectable person , often engages in this behavior with his friends , but they seem ... it just seems far too easy to appear as too unconfident or too arrogant to at least someone . be modest , and some people might think you appear weak or incompetent . say you're good at something , ... three major realizations helped me come out of my shell : 1 ) the first was truly believing that people had reasons to like me . i found a number of things that i could appreciate about myself , such ... i think we should be careful about taking certain unique individual traits or opinions and using them as evidence to support that person x isn't an infj . when the gently honest mistype revelation ... i'm a type 3 and i relate to a lot of its description . the concern about self-image doesn't seem to fit most infj's , but nothing else is contradictory from my personal experience . the value of ... i must confess that i frequently check to see if my posts get thanks and i may be a little disappointed if one of my better posts receive none . i guess it would be beneficial for me to see posting ... i appreciate the response . there are some things i'd like to address though . 1 . this is a good point , and i'll definitely take this advice . it works as a safe response , and is helpful for ... in general , i love being an introvert . solitude is beautiful and so much can be accomplished when alone . : happy : of course there are difficulties , but ultimately the positives of introversion ... i can understand why the situation in the op can make someone feel down . i know if i was lacking in self-confidence or feeling unloved during that time , it could be painful . maybe initial ... i'd recommend exercising at least a few times a week if you don't already . it gives you energy and the sense that you accomplished something . if you feel bored , that would be a great time to do it ... i like to think of being yourself as being your best self . what i mean by best self is that you have a sense of what is most you , and in a situation , your best self would act in the most ideal ... after reading these posts and some more outside thinking , i feel like i have a much better understanding of what living in the moment is . i think of it as being fully immersed in one's life , ... i'm a very heavy fi user , and it's either my first or second most used and developed function , even though it might not feel as natural to me as some other ones . i think what made me use fi so ... here are my views about living in the moment : there are times in which i wish i wasn't lost in thought when eating a delicious chocolate cake , so i could appreciate the taste a lot more . i might ... we've all heard that it's important to live in the moment , but what exactly does it mean ? - does it mean being acutely aware of one's surroundings ? - is it being fully in touch with one's ... '