' i regret watching the finals for this tourney - - i knew i should of just read about the result after the fact , team i was rooting for totally outclassed ... winners played out of their minds ... so ... i sing a lot - - quietly to myself for the most part .. altho sometimes quite loud at home x . x i notice that in a car or sometimes even at home ppl just start joining in xd x . x once ... i ... i have no close friends atm lol aaand i have friends of many types , i can't say i type others too often - - maybe worth noting that i'm friends with several infps males . and there's this enfp guy who ... is balance boring ? i've always done this a lot drives my family crazy even tho they expect it ... crazy good song and singing ... like seriously so good ! ! . - . > < : happy : traveling in spring is just so amazing . ( now i wonder whether i should hesitate to thank ? . - . naah don't think so ... ? : sad :) every day for me , i think it kills me a little inside each time : unsure : i was pretty good at maths , then one of my teachers told me not to try so hard , it's ok to be wrong , you don't have to do well ... stuff like this ... messed me up , i got behind and sorta stayed ... no to ... making unannounced plans for me / things to do double standards talk shit behind someone's back in front of me hidden negative motives for talking to me / someone else : shocked : <- like that emote , feel like using it for no reason : shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked :: shocked : : unsure : cant imagine a 6th form common room with someone like that . - . infatuated ? . - . i still felt better reading ur initial post : x vividly traumatised - - the ones i like to focus on ... i guess that's cherishing in a way : ninja : and as it's about sharing the moment - - the one that comes to mind is my dad having a heart attack ... spoilt good vs spoilt bad ? both / neither / just spoilt no + ve / - ve ? spoilt good but only seeing bad .. / bad only seeing good ? : unsure : lol for the most part i own up , except if the person is kinda miffed off . thanks ... : frustrating : i just do . with a pile of books i have the back cover facing upwards and the spine for most books facing inwards ( so they can't be seen ) twice now perc didnt load ... made me panic a little currently : mind = blown thread to praise infp men ? i mean credit to all other infp men but not me . i guess one of the few times dont wanna be infp coz it suggests there's actually something positive about me ... : x which types do this ? ? ? i live with one , really can't be myself around him ( brother ) : c ... my oldest brother is like too aaand i knew one other person like this until she discarded me lol . my brother ... discarded , thrown away , never served a purpose https://soundcloud.com/unstoppable_music/unstoppable-music-far-far-away sometimes i get to the point where i know i can potentially get or not get / be talented at stage and leave it ... or i could at this point leave it for later ... if i know i'm gonna suck at ... liking my ipad and flipboard : | dont seek attention at all , just the thought of it ... as a kid i did i guess .. for some years now i would say i've been going out of my way to avoid attention . infp's make me happysadhappysad ? :) :( :) :( ? or sad ... happy ... ? : | i've always been aware of what im wearing and people have told me i've been quite good with it i . e . that it would always reflect me . i worked in fashion retail for a while - - since then i would say ... it was really fun while it lasted . hufflepuff noob ( me ) when i was at school i was underestimated i guess . haven't really got this in recent years or their view changes once i actually speak . maybe i come off as a intx ? maybe i expect to be ... when i first found out ... hmmm relieved , elated and some temporary clarity . felt like hugging someone ? lol i live in a mad house - - always have and still do . i can tolerate ... stuff ... for a short while but then have to find myself a quiet ( er ) place ( as quiet as possible ) . i don't see it as not ... i would want experience all 4 seasons in a year but if i had to choose a warm or cold climate country i'd choose warm / hot . i freaking love rain tho , too bad england isn't delivering . suisei no gargantia ? kinda screwed up and gave an answer to someone who was just venting and wanted me to just listen , noticed just after , was the length of the conversation and the person going suddenly serious that ... all the time , my brothers hate it lol i probably put up instant barrier to block out a lot @ . @ but like some i've interacted with .. i just knew they had potential so i've had a few decent conversations with ... a few of my family members ... can't remember teh numbers - was hufflepuff tho , closest second was 6 in gryffindor i think on the don't wanna kill an animal principle i wouldn't stop eating meat . it matters where the meat comes from tho , a lot . i avoid almost all takeaways ... etc both impulsive and heavily cautious etc rarely make intro threads just shamelessly doing so for post count , also i'll probably forget about this account like i did the others . i've probably been lurking this site for years on and off i ... more than several times atleast ... each one unique and i can spend ages mulling over them and have done i guess '