' - hasn't happened yet - gimme a ring - then we'll talk how about three three word lines ? xd please ignore this thread . the situation was resolved . also , thank you vive , you were quite a great help . childhood quirks : when i was very little i was self conscious of my fat ( yeah ... 5 year old with body image issues ... ) and would always stand with my arms in front of me to shield my stomach . i ... hardest : estp , esfp , and another infj . easiest : infp , enfp my father is an estp , my older sister is an esfp . i have had enough already . and to see myself having a child so much like me , i would ... i'm actually fairly certain that if anyone with a lick of sense , some real interviewing skills , or my trust ( ha ha ) , were to give me a psychological interview , i would be deemed clinically insane ... in both cases i would laugh . and have a huge grin that i'd try so hard to hide . if i actually knew you , i'd join in . i love people who are free enough to do those things , i'm just usually not one of ... if an infj is willing to do those things . yes . he likes you . he likes you a lot . primary : crystal secondary : yellow the only breed of cats i can stand to be around are these majestic babies https://31.media.tumblr.com/2278fe2dfd63373c59c95b242dd79622/tumblr_inline_n8kny9JntC1s4oc19.jpg norwegian forest cats ... https://31.media.tumblr.com/75b90821fbb9090037f0c9bc11e66c7d/tumblr_inline_n8knpgia5i1s4oc19.png this is every prominent line in my dominant hand . i have no camera at the moment , but i do have ... i have played every official game ever produced ( including arcade ) of the following titles - final fantasy legend of zelda kingdom hearts paper mario and super mario i've also rocked - i even do that on here ... i'm super active for two or three days and then i go nope . shared too much , feel too much for others , gotta go . and leave for two weeks . just saw two guys i went to ... why does everyone think i have the best advice ? or can handle all their troubles and my own ? i'm a human too you know . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_jEKKUTEDM i am not weak in my beliefs , but i am open minded . if you convince me that your point of view is better , i will adopt it . please do not see this happen once or twice and call me a pushover . ... my mother is an isfj . i love her dearly , but the older i get the more i disagree with her . living with mother theresa is fine , but infj want to protect the underdog , the isfj lets the underdog get ... how could you break something if it wasn't whole to start with ? honestly i just get upset long enough to gather the pieces and attempt to throw them in a sloppy pile somewhere . i'll eventually form ... i'm 21 and it somehow seems to have hit me recently that the opposite sex exists . i haven't fallen in love , kissed , or dated . for some reason it just never mattered to me . no idea what changed ... complete control over water . complete . i could lift the water that makes up my body , and others ' , to fly , i could save a drowning victim without cpr , i could pull a parting of the red sea just to ... well , how much alcohol are you giving me before i hit the stage ? no , not really , i'd have a panic attack . i am fairly certain that maria bamford is an infj though . awkward i have attempted to flirt three times in my life . the most recent time was by far the best . it had been such a rough day , and my friends had dragged me off to a restaurant / coffee shop to ... everyone here is saying immersion , immersion , immersion but i disagree . i'd be way too scared to jump into something like that , i'd worry i'd mispronounce things too much and offend or annoy ... if i'm in a group of people i'm very comfortable with and the vast majority of them are feeling down , i will turn into an enfp and put on a show . i don't know how , i don't know why , and it makes me ... my heart scares me . my family , friends , and others have hurt me every way they can think of , so i kind of permanently door slammed the world ( if that makes sense ) . i've gone outwardly cold to a lot ... none . not even myself . i have an intj cousin . aside from the fact that we look like twins , we are both stereotypical of our types . he thinks i'm too sensitive and i call him too calculating , but at the end of the day we're ... i purposefully close myself off from people so i don't hurt them and they don't hurt me . i can run myself into exhaustion and have nobody notice , they can do the same and i won't drive myself ... i have a horrible hit or miss problem with entps . either i love them or loathe them , there is no in between . one of my best friends was an entp . we were so drastically different , but somehow we had ... the only person i have ever mistyped is myself ( i was sure i was an infp . my psychologist laughed until he turned purple at that guess ) . i don't think you can just watch someone from afar and go oh , ... my cousin ( who is often mistaken as my fraternal twin ) is an intj . we are very similar but the few differences there are have been striking . i'd almost be willing to say that intj and infj are the ... i generally don't take pictures or let them be taken , but i had to take a selfie for a class so here you go ... when you have a near telepathy with your intj cousin but have to constantly remind him that , no , he shouldn't __ * insert crazy idea here * __ because that would hurt people's feelings . then nearly ... my mother is an isfj m father is an estp i know you didn't ask , but just think about this my older sister is an esfp ... imagine the holidays in a house with that mix . it took me ages to get my mother to agree to test again , but i am now sure that she is an isfj . i would say that we have a very good relationship . the biggest problem in our relationship has always ... i had a ... pursuer in high school . this guy was crazy about me for some reason , but i avoided him like the plague because he was so rude . he got drunk one day senior year and we ended up in the local ... as a christian i generally shy away from seeking out psychics but i end up attracting them anyway . lol . it used to be confusing that we were taught to avoid psychics ... but then i found out that it ... i hate liars . so much trouble and pain is caused by people not being honest with each other . i had a bombshell of a lie told to me once and didn't find out the truth for seven years , so i know i'm ... ... it's okay miki . i didn't need my heart anyway xd also , has gandalf been mentioned yet ? i didn't answer that with an explanation before because this is going to get long ... isfps are known as the artists . first and foremost , introversion . i don't think anyone would disagree that if ... o___o what . happened ? my hair was light , my skin was dark , i was smiling with my gapped teeth showing , and i'm wearing two of my least favorite colors . daheq did they do to five year old me ? ! i tied between gryffindor and hufflepuff ... anyone care to explain that one ? lol . the thoughtful soul to solitude retires . - the rubaiyat of omar khayyam would probably chuckle at me posting this ... pfft ! me ? draw someone's attention to a thread just to ... * gigglesnort * i'd say more along the lines of isfp . pessimistic , melancholic , and waaay to empathetic . it's a bad mix , but it's most of us . what did you feel ? i felt like i was some kind of sick jester thrown into the world to please people but who couldn't do anything but harm . so i decided to amuse myself with it . i became completely ... 21 % and i see no reason to post the accompanying message for the 10th time . it really just depends . not on who it is , but what they've done . u3000 i don't trust people , don't open up to people , and generally don't see that as a bad thing . when a stranger or ... ... that's like asking me if i want to go to heaven or hell . island please ! u3000 would you rather have the most beautiful singing voice in the world , or be able to play any 3 instruments well ? i agree with nearly every single post on here . i do have to add one though . i've yet to come up with a name for it , but i've discovered a stare i didn't even know i had . it's my you just dragged me ... you are a generous artist you are an artist your appreciation of beauty , ability to think abstractly , and innovativeness make you an artist . we got along wonderfully . he absolutely melted my iced-over heart , he said i did a good job of keeping his own heart from burning him alive . we could communicate a novel with a single glance and i've ... '