that might be the answer , but it is a bit condescending to send a letter to all enfp's based on an experience with one rotten apple . i understand the need to share feelings , but doing that in a ... why don't you just send this to the person in question ? playing with someones feelings is not something that is hidden in mbti theory , but is dependent on values and background and age . the best way to show interest is clear communication , but that takes some balls . ;) ask her out , and be clear about your intentions . clear communication takes away all assumptions , which often helps ... yes , i definitely have had that experience . i learned that motivation is volatile , and that one can better learn to be disciplined . it was hard to learn , but it makes me very efficient now . one ... i know , but that doesn't make a lot difference . for instance fi and fe can go very well together , if the internal and external values align . in the same way two people with fi in their function stack ... there are several problems with such a question : - it is very probable that there is no link between mbti types and iq . - iq is just a very specific way to measure intelligence - one cannot ... for me thinking about people in this way , and choosing to date / not date them is narrowminded . people are much more than four letters , and values and upbringing and emotional maturity is much more ... it seems a bit like anxiety , with the normal effects of it . i have dealt with general anxiety in the past for over one year . i went to a very good therapist for a small period , who asked me ... when i am emotionally attached to an idea , but i lose the argument and i know i was not right , i often take some alone time . that gives me the space to rethink everything , and change my stance on the ... i love debating , as it forces you to think really hard about your own standpoints . if you are openminded , it will make you intellectually stronger . unfortunately , a lot of people feel attacked while ... last year i started a fase in my life in which i would sort out fundamental thoughts and beliefs i had . it appeared to me that a lot of them didn't make sense , so i pondered them , researched them and ... https://media.giphy.com/media/RX3vhj311HKLe/giphy.gif 1 . yes , trying to understand complexity , how everything is related goes very well with computers & tech 2 . messing with personal values : attacking a loved one , breaking promises / lying 3 . it ... social anxiety is caused by insecurity . if you are self-assured , there is no reason to be socially anxious . insecurity is formed by thinking that your value is based on external factors , for ... you want to have an abstraction of reality tell you which specific person's you should date ? that doesn't make sense rationally ;) let's say the ideal match would be enfp-infj , who ' trully get ... most students i talk to have ( secretly ) mild to severy procratination , especially with long and boring task like writing essays . it is not something to be ashamed of . ;) things that might help , ... i know one , and she is energy on steroids . at first it fires me up , but after a short while i am quickly in need of alone time . xd 1 . do you have a strategy for goal-setting ? goal setting is just what it is , make a plan where with appropriate time and resources to reach a goal . this is the same with efficiëncy , there are ... i ( male ) think having kids one day is great , it is quite an investment ( in several ways ) , but it definitely will pay of if you are a good parent . i think that is the most important thing about it , ... so you ask how you can fix someone else her attitude ? the only thing you can do is respectfully standing up for yourself , and if that doesn't help to create healthy distance where it is needed . extremely recognisable . one of the main things i had to deal with in my past depression was dealing with my true feelings . by rationalising everything i lived past them for a long time . when my ... not really . but it is stupid to act like someone who you are not , there are always people with who you don't get along with . ( and insecurity on their side might be one of the reasons ) . there are not ... insecurity is common to a lot of people , many seemingly self assured people are insecure deep inside . from my own experience i think the following points are key : - my insecurity in the past was ... confidence is something you have to grow and nurture . a lot of my lack of confidence in the past was due to asking myself if people would even like me . but after some time i realised , that other ... that's great ! my work still has the enfp vibe , going all over the place . you have to find out what works for you , but i think the most important part of working efficiently is having a habit where ... productivity is about efficiency . efficiency is about doing as much in as little time , and that means having blocks of time during the day in which you do certain things , and only that thing untill ... speaking out of experience ( i succesfully recovered :) ) : 1 . find a good therapist . i postponed it far too long , as i thought i could help myself . but stepping over my pride and accepting that i ... i tried to grasp what you are saying , but i don't really understand . if i take your post at face value you are not comfortable with who you are , as social roles are part of your identity . you as a ... sticking with things has to do in my opion with two things : - motivation - habit if you have the motivation , you can create a habit . but his negative thinking about himself is detrimental to his ... i have dealt with depression and anxiety attacks in the past , and this big dark cloudy season of my life has been one of the most important sources of life lessons and was very important to ... set times don't work for me , a rough time frame is better . on my organizers : i use an online calendar ( google ) and to do list ( wunderlist ) which syncs to all my devices . that way it is always clear what and when i want to do something . but i have to balance ... why would that sting , it seems that it is very personal thing ? it was pretty clear that she said it in a joking way , which should be fine . hello ! :p i have the feeling that bubbly thing is more a stereotype . i am very rational , but it isn't the engine , it is not why i do things , but to support it . you are indeed :p i understand . i don't think though centralized leadership is bad in itself ( it can be really efficient and potent ) , the problem is that certain people do mess it up . as anarchism isn't the same as ... i can be both . but i need to wisely choose the time i go to sleep , which is not the easiest thing to do . ;) the question is not if it bothers you in the short run , does it bother in the long run ? sometimes you have to fight for a relationship , sometimes you know it is better to let go . every relationship ... good luck with that ;) do you want to annoy yourself ? that is yours to decide . we don't know the situation . every relation is giving and receiving . if he's worth it , you can pursue him . if he is not for the long run , you better stop . there was a light at the road it might set afloat to the far lands inside but this lamp in the end was the soul what do you mean by knowing ? to have a general idea of someones character , or to really know somebody ? the first a few minutes , the second a lifetime . this is very hard . i had last year when i was depressive and had anxiety attacks . it is very weird , because you know rationally that you are ( very ) capable of doing stuff but feel emotionally so ... indeed , so in the end he concludes that because there is no difference inside life itself , it must be found outside of it . everything is vanity without god ... 42 love rules my world , but the world itself is pretty * * * - up . the problems of overpopulation , world food supply will be the mark of the 21th century . commitment must transcend interest , otherwise it was merely interest . it is sticking to a promise when you don't feel like it . or creating the environment where the promise you made is easier ...