' when there are several threads asking the exact same questions and each containing a bunch of answers , i think it's rather obvious that asking those questions once more in a new thread is pointless ... ^ ^ ^ this . i don't mind other types posting here , but i do mind stupidity , bad forum etiquette and obliviousness . i'm all for more people of other types posting here unless they're going to vote on ... * shrugs * conventional romantic stuff doesn't do anything for me . in a relationship , there's stuff my partner can do that will touch me or make me happy and stuff that won't , but it's pretty much ... i don't know if you're familiar with it , but you may want to look into kabbalism ( not the mysterious sectish bs , the religious beliefs themselves ) . they have very similar ideas on what the soul and ... http://img15.hostingpics.net/pics/648098polcomp.png basically , i believe that a society's goal should be to ensure all of its citizens safety , freedom and well being above all . thus , some people's ... ok , the op was more about the drug itself than our opinion on it so i was dubious , but your following answers were more interesting . there's nothing spiritual about chemicals messing with ... so , did you create this topic because you were too lazy to use google / read wikipedia yourself , or because you think the scientists intj tag actually means that this forum is the place to ask any ... i don't know if you talked about it with him yet , but one of the reasons he doesn't answer your texts right away might be that he scheduled texting to be in the morning . i can't speak for all intjs , ... funny how , when an intj starts a thread about it a bunch of people answer truthfully and without the slightest hint of sarcasm , but when an enfp does everyone acts like it's the worst thread ever . i just had the mental picture of a small group of guys in black nazi uniforms diligently arpenting the streets , ready to jump on anyone who dares to sing in public to slap them back into silence . ... yup , studies show that exposure to sarcasm makes you smarter . those whiny feelers ought to thank us , really we're doing them a favor . you'd get more answers asking us what doesn't make us hate / ignore / avoid someone , that way we wouldn't have to write a whole damn novel . : tongue : i said that i saw this behavior a lot on our forum , and that in most instances it was perpetrated by enfps . i didn't say that all enfps think this way - for all i know they may be a minority amongst ... i don't even think knowledge of mbti helps , given the number of people posting here ( mostly enfps ) who seem convinced that our whole personalities are shells and that we're truely just like them ... when i first heard about mbti , i did about 5-6 different tests online , got intj every time ( didn't read anything about it before to avoid being biased in my answers ) . i then went on to read about ... eq : 28 / sq : 113 i expected a much more balanced score , i guess i'm way less people-savvy / way more of a nerd than i fancied myself to be . oh well : unsure : cognitive functions . istp : ti - se - ni - fe intj - ni - te - fi - se if you can't quite tell which is stronger between your ni and se , look at the judging functions - imo they're way easier ... but is following an ideology promoting selfless acts inherently selfish though ? can't the ideology really be selfless at its core - not expecting that you'd get anything out of it in return , not ... that just makes you all the more scary , you damn ... fluffy ... things ! : shocked : : no . vacuums . sound-related synesthesia + vacuum noise = unspeakable torture . ever seen a cat freak the fuck out when someone turns on a vacuum and flee the room with overdilated pupils like the dogs ... ^ ^ ^ qft . then there's also the fact that the mbti was meant for people who are somewhat psychologically healthy , and a certain number of people with huge issues end up being typed as intj and take ... sounds intj , intps would be too busy thinking about how to make their work more awesome to worry about making it looks important . : tongue : more seriously , that's a rather conventional conversation ... i am genuinely intrigued by the purpose of your question , given that as an infj you should be all too familiar with ni yourself . are you questioning your type , or do you want to compare the way infjs ... http://img11.hostingpics.net/pics/667988201119.gif http://img11.hostingpics.net/pics/21095420111229.gif http://img11.hostingpics.net/pics/368037streetpacman590x472.jpg ... note that most intjs don't place much value in useless material objects ( such as jewellery ) and tend to be rather unaware of social customs . he may have bought you the gift because he just thought ... why thank you for reconizing that we too are human despite being different than you , it does take a tremendous amount of empathy and wisdom to understand that there may be more to see in a group of ... this test ? : http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/83395-nts-only-please-what-your-attachment-style.html almost half of the nts fell into the dismissive quadrant , so your ... according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.00 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 1.60 , ... i've known 2-3 ntjs , never became close to any of them . each time there was some unspoken clause between us : i know how you work and i know you know it , so no need to waste time interacting with ... http://personalitycafe.com/articles/18288-mbti-enneagram-correlation-according-personalitycafe-data.html i've heard it's human nature , i wouldn't know . i can understand why they're gone , i've had my fair share of / facepalm moments here too , and many more are to come i'm sure . but hey - curdled ! ... http://img844.imageshack.us/img844/1707/trololoao.jpg i seem to be an exception according to the previous answers , as i actually enjoy crowds in protests and concerts . i don't care much about the people there as individuals but i like the general ... ah , i forgot to take nationality into account . i can understand why christianity would be badly seen in the us , i've never heard of any other country in which christian extremists threaten people and ... just out of curiosity , which parallel dimension do you live in ? because here in mine , when someone say they are muslim , jewish or even sometimes atheist , people look at them as if they had just said ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGqx-IXckK4 hah , dorian gray's preface and this quote in particular immediately jumped to my mind when i read lolthevoidlol's answer : tongue : but ignoring this parameter devoids the question of any ... i don't know what my opinion would have been if the song was good , but i can understand why people are so put off by the very idea of computer-generated art . people have been fearing being replaced ... the first thing i discovered is that i'm more attached to my online persona than i thought . the estp and male tags , well ok , the stupid username i can do with , but the avatar was too much to bear ... i started listening the song while reading your post so i wasn't influenced by the artist ' s identity , and actually found it severely lacking both in technique and in emotion . the patterns aren't ... lirulin i can always count on you to express my ideas better than i could do it myself on this kind of topics , thanks . while intjs value objectivity a lot and , as you say , consider their own ... dude you're so typist , imma report you or maybe it's because some of them tend to overdo the asshole intj stereotype , i don't know why they do that , maybe they're trying to fit in or they're so ... i didn't agree with your theory at first glance , but i think it is accurate . te by definition is objective and relies on external observation and validation , se isn't of much help given its inferior ... it's working ! it's working ! ! * cue maniacal laughter * are you asking me if i am serious about a mind-boggling quote and a stupid gif on the intj forum ? i don't understand this approach , it's not like there was no way to keep in touch with people before facebook . if i want to keep contact with someone i can and do use emails , snail mail , im , texts ... annnd bump . this thread was too good to be forgotten , bring on the science people ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DW5yORt_B8 not my type of music at all , but this is ... today was my birthday . i didn't see anyone . i didn't do anything special ( other than treating myself with my favorite meal ) . i received only two calls from close family members , both short and ... if god had not wanted us to eat animals , how come he made them out of meat ? - sarah palin http://drippet.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/palin.gif i never even understood what facebook ( or myspace before that , or blogs even before that ) is all about . what's its purpose exactly ? e-smalltalk ? forcing inane personal information on people that one ... '