' i think psych and philosophy are definitely it for me . language , art and media are other areas of interest and i can probably pursue those in my own time ... things seem much clearer to me now ... i always plan do do that so i can be ahead but i never follow through . i'm calm about it all but deep down i hate myself for being such a lazy arse . * sigh :P if i were to change it to make it related to cigarettes ... ( could be better but i cbf to perfect it ) filling up with smoke , she feels shex 92s going to choke , thoughts like an anchor . so much ... filling up with smoke , she feels shex 92s going to choke , thoughts like an anchor . so much to confess , tormented by the turmoil , shex 92s dying of stress . i got into the habit of writing personally . i debate a lot and although i love intellectual arguments i like to write with humour as well . normally things are funnier when they are personal .. idk , i ... oh , i said * my other two posts were rubbish . i was going on about me making typos or something :P i'm sorry if i came across as emotional , i was just slightly irritated cos i hate feeling like ... hahaha she could stay hidden in * my room =P hhmm placebo is a great band :] isn't it an intp trait to be all for experience ? i want to experience life , all aspects of it . i love knowledge . but i ... ooh i forgot to add that i can be classified as xntp .. i'm about 55-60 % introvert ... i'm an intp at this point in life.that , i am sure of ... and you said something along the lines of no one can have a better sense of self other than oneself or something ... it was only one post ( the ... oh fuck this i'm so pissed it is funny ! please ignore my typos ... * sigh gahh i'm tired and there are heaps of typos and i'm annoyed . and i already see fucking a few wonderful people an the same time as okay so yeah . bleh my head is fuzzy atm ... don't really know what i'm ... ooh this is fun ! i like all the ideas here so far ... here's my 2 cents ... hmm ... i love freedom and style so i would like to see a little section for nudists on the island or whatever ... heheh ... charles bukowski speaks your mind . or mine at least ! some people never will go crazy . what horrible lives they must lead . winning can feel good , if it's in something i like such as debating . but what's more important to be is the process and what i'm doing it for . i need a good reason to do something and usually the ... you can never unsubscribe to a thread . - you see a thread that you know would not be interesting yet you click on it instead of unsubscribing due to curiousity and after you read the newest post in ... the ability to control time would be the key to success . the ability to read people's thoughts would help also . :] you know you're an intp when you hate working in a group for projects as people's ... watched inception today . my mind = blown . unbelievable . all time favourite . sounds interesting . i think i'll get that out tonight =P my enfp friend gets offended when i disagree with and debate what she says . as a friend , i don't want her believing stupid ideas without questioning anything so i don't mind coming across as bitchy ... hyperactive you tricked me into clicking this ! ! ! xd you're an enfp dude . =P okay here's my plan ... philosophy + psychology ( clinical ) in future i will most likely go back to uni again and again to study art / law and art therapy and perhaps i'll do animation and film courses . in ... ^ hahah okay i'll check out what humanitarian psychology is all about :] i'm thinking of philosophy and clinical psychology atm ... i know that'll take me forever in uni though * shrugs :P i think ... when you have a subtle argument with someone you despise . you speak in a soft intelligent tone to show respect and make yourself feel like your not half as bad as the person in front of you . you ... i don't believe it anymore :] i hardly believed it ... it was just creepy when i heard it last night ... it's weird cos it was such a coincidence ... like first the story and 6 days later she died ... the company's first * year i mean . please excuse all my typos i'm sleepy but too scared to sleep : s silly i know . no this isn't recent this was back back back in the day and those type of big companies did things like that . i know my grandparents company did . it was their ( the scary company ) year of having a park ... i want to hear some of the weird stories that you have trouble deeming true or false . i'm a skeptic with many supernatural stories etc ... but when it comes to weird stories which i know are true and i don't fully have an explanation for i get really lost and crept out . i have a couple ... thank you everyone :] now i have a long list of films to watch ... great way to spend my holidays =P i'm reading fight club atm ... watched part f the movie but didn't end up finishing cos i had to do ... i think it is time that i download some new music ... i'm interested in what type of music intps tend to like :] and perhaps a few movie recommendations too ? i know that i absolutely loved the dark ... unless the food is really good i wouldn't say mmm cos i'll just sound false =P i loove trying new flavours of things and then i'll have a good idea of what i like best so everytime i buy whatever ... i would love to go to college in america ... i'm not sure yet ... if i don't stay in australia i'd like to go over there :] yes , that was what i was thinking ... philosophy first . i do find it very ... isn't this more intp ? we're pretty damn lazy ... lol * swoons * i absolutely adorrree the joker :} yup i was on this forum and i looked at the time 8: 40 ... then i think oh i'll sleep soon ... now it is 10:55 - _ - hmmm lately i've been thinking of getting into a philosophy course and then either psychology or law ... psychology sounds interesting ... law can be ... i'm not sure what type of law though ... i work for ... yeah same here .. i'm quite afraid of slacking off ... sometimes as an intp i'm happy that i don't care and stress over issues like grades too much ( like grades are important but i can't change them so ... i definitely love the sense of independence . i love having the ability to understand both sides of a situation . although sometimes our indecisiveness is annoying ; it keeps us free-our words are ... emma watson ... meryl streep ... kristen stewart ... socrates and co . wow . i'm a proud intp ^ _ ^ if only johnny depp , robert downey jr , tim burton , helena bohnam carter and katherine moennig were also ... introvert - 9 intuitive - 8 thinker - 11 perception - 9 advice ? mm ... i did a personality test at school ... a proper one ... and then i did one online and i got intp for both so i know i am introverted ... i'm pretty balanced between int and ext actually ... i can be ... yeah i know ... i'll end up choosing what i want . her pressure is quite annoying that's all =P she's open minded about most things though :P haha i only want my post count up to 15 because i really wanted to reply to some of my new friends on my profile but without 15 posts i'm not allowed to do so > _ < and i guess it's pretty exciting ... haha pleasure ... this is another unecessary but desperate post to get my posts up btw ... hope my ' thanks ' makes up for it =P i'm bi but when i came out i told my mother i was a lesbian since i prefer women ... i don't need to explain anything to her if i just said i'm gay so yeah haha . i think the only thing that is stopping ... i am at a loss with what i shall do after i leave school . my elective subjects are : maths b ( in au ) , english , german , creative media , visual art and modern history . + extension english . i'm ... okay well no cheesy shit when you ask any intp out . cheesy is not cool . be original :] amusing us is always a plus . don't try too hard ... but still try . it's flattering . and yes , if she says no . she ... hmm . my love stories ... here we go ... haha : s well i met this guy at dancing one year ... my friend told me about him before that though and kept saying how he's just like me etc and we're perfect ... oh ? what have you heard ? hahah :] thank you all . insomnia won't kill me will it ? hahah i'm off to read more forums now ... and also to post more posts ... i wanted to reply to a visitor on my profile but i need more posts to ... hmmm ... i'm defs not addicted to any star whatevers ... stargate , starwars , startrek ... nope . i can agree with the stereotypes : insane i kind of agree with the robot one ... we are logical and we lack ... '