all the tests i've been taking have been hitting 50 % on the t / f . i was definitely more t when i was younger . thanks though , i like being infp . :) sorry about the spelling errors i am very tired . :) i was very contented with being an infp , but then my entj mother said she thinks i'm definitely an intp , so now i'm really confused and it's ... i get depressed when i look at people enjoying ' pop culture ' and other such things ( meat and justin bieber , jersey shore type programs ) are 3 personal hates as examples , though there is thousands ) . i ... hello , so i'm seeing an enfj and invited him over to sit tonight in my folks house . ( i'm moving back for financial reasons , not because i don't love my flat ) so he arrives and my esfj dad is a ... i'm a lady ( sometimes lol ) , but i thought this was a really nice helpful and funny post :) i'm at the other end of a philosophy degree , and it's forcing me to think in a way like this . however , i think it helps , so .. in philosophy , the thinkers we study do not study facts , but follow ... i'm about to graduate in june with philosophy and journalism degree and i still have no idea . really like the idea of doing a cultural theory ma and then working for an ngo or further study into the ... please do not take psychedelics when you are unhappy . it is dangerous . hear me out . i love lsd , it's my favourite drug . i've had lots of trips , all of them favourable . i am comfortable tripping ... i drink and do other things i shouldn't because it means i can get out of this neutral space and feel things more . usually results in me acting like a total fool . i can't stand the feeling of ... just discovered my mother is an entj . it's pretty interesting but the house nearly exploded when puberty hit for me haha ! r / trees ;) i really struggled with this . that's bad isn't it ! 1 . i like that i can hide my emotions if i need to 2 . i like that i can sit and get lost in a conversation for hours with similar minds 3 . i ... i think after 2 years it's time for your friend to get a grip and find someone else or get a bit of happiness out of being single . it's not fair on you or this girl .. ' is morality an absolute , or ... so , i had a little party thing , with my really close friends . we all took an online test . couldn't figure out my best friend's sadly ... which is weird . maybe she's not meant to be confined to a ... would this be better in the esfj forum as they will be coming from the side of your mother ? more details too please ! ( i get this too with my family , entp mum , esfp dad and istj sister it's pretty ... i'm doing this to the point where it's totally uncontrollable . it's actually given me an anxiety problem and depression seriously because i keep imagining what may or may not happen or what may or ... they all look weirdly smiliar ! so strange ! tell me about it ! my mum's an entp and she's been totally driving me mad taking my jokes serioursly and ignoring or not listening to me when i want to be serious ..   ... arghh ! ;) i do that too . however , when i'm talking on the computer i usually have my personal space , my music on , and i can multi task and ignore the people i'm talking to or say goodbye if it gets a bit too ... this , so much ! it's making me really sad , just ralised i won't have any of that right now . i'm going to write something about how i feel about this . are you me ? ! :p hey ! i'm not sure if it's a personality thing , or just a family thing but i'm going crazy over here ! ( i'm an infp ! ) so i came home for winter . i'm 20 and have lived away for 3/4 years now . my ... 58091 hair went accidentally ginger today , but there they are :) figured out my dad is an esfp . we used to hate each other . i moved out , i've grown up , and i actually really respect the fact that he is just trying to keep us all happy . i feel sad that i ... i had a boyfriend for a year , but i had to finish it in october . he would never try and listen to me on discussions ... found out about this type thing recently . i have a sneaking suspision he was an ... uninfalliple if you don't feel respected , try speaking out . if there's a bunch of you that are being neglected , i'm sure it would be better if you spoke up together . in my most recent work ... when i first took the tests i thought i was extroverted my family are and i've always been told i am . little did i know this usage of introverted and extroverted is different from the one i know . ... a lot of ideas here from everyone . it's pretty late but i'll try to reply properly tommorow . i think if i reply now it will just look like jumbled words :) i almost fell off my chair when i first found out about this forum too ! i'm just lurking over here , but welcome :) i get upset when i'm working when i get shouted at and told to do horrible jobs in a horrible manner , even though i've been totally pleasant . the co - workers are fine , it's when jumped up people ... hello ! i'm aware the two threads i've posted on this website are mainly a rant . apologies in advance ! : wink : so yes ! i lost yet another job recently . i wasn't too annoyed till i started job ... outside of this : get good comedy . may i suggest father ted , black books , the thick of it , still game etc as they will take your mind off them , and make you laugh ! get out with good friends and ... i hate it when i say thing and people hear either : 1 . the opposite 2.what they want to hear 3.nothing at all arghhh ! then i will get patronised for not saying what people want to hear ? i ... my friend is an apparent estj ! i'm not sure about the test because the one i got sent me back an enfp lol when i'm 100 % certain of being an infp and all other tests threw that back . we are both ... you shouldn't worry about comparing emotions . if there is one thing i've learned is that you should never try to compare emotion , because it's pointless and impossible ! ( especially when it comes to ... i think this is thouroughly depressing , because 1 it's true 2 . i quite liked it haha . why is there not more positives on the list ? as a new member here i'd have to say ' very welcoming ' . i'm a slytherin i should think . they seem to bend the rules the most , alan rickman , and ; according to albus dumbledore , the qualities which salazar valued in the students he chose included ... my sister acts like a child , and is an istj . she does my nut in ! lol i love to smoke weed . totally illegal here , but it's a plant and it's better than me for alcohol and it makes me feel nice and healthier . so yeah ! you can't just steal all the food and flee without saying hello :( i'm only partying here if i can put up the discoball :) i replied to this and it didn't post >:( basicially , i had an existential crisis . i'm a 4th year philosophy student and lost all reason and being and my own ego itself . the only thing that keeps ... in my philosophy degree , i decided to take the logic course . it allowed me to see the foundations of all philosophical argument's , and that there is a degree of fact to the subject . i was ' okay ' at ... i have a book on aura reading . it's pretty simple if anyone is bored . just hold your hand against a bit of white paper or a white wall , the lighter the better . then stare at your hand for a while ... spending all my money the second i get it trying to make myself happy using everything other than cognition moaning all the time shouting my words unintentionally procrastinating not knowing ... i'll start with the vegan point . i was a vegan for a year but i went back to being a veg because i got free food in work and making it vegan was difficult and i needed the money and food when on a ... i'm actually crying a little at these responses ! i'm out just now , but will reply more when i get in ! x i in this case means that we get energy from being along , where as being around people all the time as an extrovert in this particular instance means they get energised from being around people . it ... i'd go , just because space ! space is fantastic . it makes me happy . imagine floating around lumps of rocks for the rest of your life , with just space going on around you . if i was going to die on ... hello ! i took this personality quiz , and finally after taking a few bunk tests i've arrived at what i feel and believe is me . i'm doing a philosophy degree in my 4th honours year , in the uk . i'm ...