' i feel super ugly but i'm constantly beautiful yeee i relate to tons of this and did that spesifically nonstop for a week when i met my boyfriend . hell its barely stopped after 3 years no more gif lost it at 17 with a short fling . at 19 , i met my current boyfriend and we have sex twice a day . twice a day for three years = 1100 incidents of sex . adding that to the approx 300 other times i have ... 92093 hey y'all , here is my face again . hair growin ' back , still spillin cups . dog cups . i am very meek and relaxed unless my values are being threatened . i know that is a very vague and infp thing to say , but tonight i was threatened at knifepoint over a very trivial and accusatory ... still being stupid alternative : still being something go get some good old fashioned exercise in nature ! private , gorgeous , and allowing time for your own mind to acclimate accordingly :) fear the the mindkiller ! ! or i have heard . my path of action when i went through this same thing in karate was to not view sparring as any actual conflict that i should be afraid of , but rather as ... hell yea . i feel like a militant anti-abuse world tour could be in our future :) power to the people ! ! ( that means us ! ! ! ) thank you for sharing . you and i should go on tour :) i am in the process of attempting to pull some semblance of a father / son relationship out of the broken mess of a relationship i was forced ... absolutely and without a doubt do i hear this myth propagated mostly by people who are either simply counselors to victims of abuse , or those victims of abuse who have had this shoved down their ... i have battled constantly with unwanted thought syndrome , ocd , compulsive urges for years . one thing that works for the intrusive thoughts is considering what life would be like if you had to ... haha , noted and appreciated :) my eyebrows are actually one of my favorite features if doesn't sound too weird . i have had a problem with never ending feedback loops of self-criticism . the only way i have been able to get rid of it being a problem that hinders my happiness , was to accept that its also ok to ... have you tried a hopelessly romantic relationship with actual things in your life ? ( no ghosts , no idealized versions of what is [ not ] ) it can be a passionate encounter . it seems to be that forgiveness of an abuser is not required for healing your psyche of their control for many people . i don't know what is so appealing about the idea of a sadist being forgiven by ... calvin harris is a pretty slick producer . i saw him do a dj set in 09 . this on repeat ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7QPBzAJ_io love this post . religion is many water-wells , all drawing water from the same source 90960 me and my giant eyebrows are adding one more to the thread . luckily enough , i just shaved my head so they look extra fancy and grand . you guys are too pretty for my mug to be on the same ... infp 4w5 here . the desire to be truly seen or understood is strong with me . i have a great relationship with my intj boyfriend of 3 years and am lucky to be with someone who helps in that aspect ... without context that wow could be anything . help me understand the context ? the number of times i put on an interested face when i wanted to put on the stop talking , please let me think face is probably bigger than the number of times i have been actually interested in ... this is interesting , i have been thinking about metaphor a lot recently and i'm trying to find out how far i can take this particular thought . metaphor has stopped seeming simply like a literary ... a lot of things in this thread have spoke to me . for years ( more often than not , ) i defaulted to functions that i do not naturally assume easily , usually to fit in . if not to fit in i would find ... '