' why did u buy a very old cpu ? = o thats a very old quad core cpu right ? it is kind of like a strike in baseball . u get 3 at any time and you get banned . first ban is 1 month , then 3 , and then permaban . each infraction last 1 month before it expires . once it expires , ... hard to remember = l well , i was browsing through the ban / infraction page and came upon that guy's infraction . upon seeing this post , it was just so outrageous and vile for no apparent reason ... just made me really ... no ofc not . however , attacking someone so randomly is incredibly intriguing for me . also , i do believe he received an infraction for his comment . lol where the heck this came from ? oh ? let's see that black hat : 0 well it doesn't look bad ;D you have similar glasses as i do ; o : e why would a 10 year old go to a bar o . o ... very interesting lol poor guy some people aren't meant to be rude , instead , they just don't quite understand social cues and how people's feeling can be hurt . she probably thought she was educating you guys about some tidbit ... being legal is a justification . freedom of religion has limits just as freedom of speech also has limits . but ya . for some reason in america religion is protected but political parties ... freedom of speech doesn't protect you from consequences by private companies unfortunately because it only protects you against the government . so if you want to cry ... cry to the founding father ? ... yup . too bad right ? freedom of religion is sort of in the constitution . you know the shit right wingers love until ... it becomes perplexing . low iq alone isn't the issue . it is whether or not you can do the job ... a ditch digger doesn't need high iq to do the job . does your addictive personality cause you do things that can be ... prove you can do it like by completing relevant training like my friend who works as a cook after he graduated from chef school . you have to pass the mini requirement for the job . most jobs ads ... they can choose not to hire someone with down syndrome because he can't do the job . that's not discrimination . good luck making the distinction . because it is hard to make such distinction , we ... offensive and oppressive are not the same . however your example really doesn't make sense because what i described was traits and not actions . while traits do cause certain actions but they are not ... there is a limit right ? your liberty ends where it starts to affect other peoples liberty . i thought that would be quite straight forward and a given in our society ? what you are claiming when you state that black > white phenotype and that it can be explained by the basic mendelian model is far more definitive than what i said ... good job with the lack of ... not really because if it is pure dominance , a mixed baby from a black and white parent wouldn't be light black ... it would be full black . there are clearly more than what you are saying . it s not ... a truly selfish person . obviously if your action hurts or is aimed to oppress another group then you are being discriminated by that action . well the traits you are describing are controlled by multiple genes and it's activation is also control by othe factors such as environmental . i never said it was completely different but using a ... lol you mean defending racism ? and again good luck with making the distinction yeah and how do you know who was born into a religious community and who is a convert after reaching adulthood ? good luck making the distinction . basically if you are born into something without choice .. then it is bad to discriminate no many studies have shown correlative links and not causal . there is a very significant difference . really ? can i explain to you why ? because mendalian genetic is the basic model of how traits are passed . it is taugh to little kids as a way for them to understand the basics of genetics ... we studied it . there are tons of studies out there proving there no causality . so you studying it won't make it become true . well you can say that about any groups of people in the west since when ... most americans don't hate migrants or immigrants ... just you do ? projections much ? keeping government in check is a good thing but limiting government power only make corporations more powerful . it is about what type of government power to limit . i personally am against ... human genetic are more complex than the basic mendelian genetic you are describing . never heard doesn't meant it isnt true ... it might mean you are just not very informed . oh the shit we never heard off that are true could fill probably a few million pages . try doing some ... lol when i was asking you questions , i was doing it so you can wake up from your insane assertion ... by showing how incoherent it was . for example when i asked you to define the overarching culture ... lol you are open minded ? i suppose willingness to pander to wild and baseless accusations take a special kind of open mindedness ... i didn't call you a liar until you lied about me going off topic ... nice try lol very few ppl today watch tv on cable . most of us watch youtube or netflix . you didn't need to lie but you did . you claimed i was going off topic in order to get me banned ... when i wasn't going off topic ... but then again that is for them to decide ... so you lying was ... eu is not a single culture . you seem to use the term culture , nation and people interchangeably which is powerful ignorant . eu is actually the prime example of multiculturalism working together . ofc ... seek help and quickly . the burden of proof is always on the person making the assertion . don't shift it on to the readers . i am not off topic because you can't define european as a single culture . i'm sure you will ... first define what europeans are you talking about ? because europeans hated each other .. it is not an unifying identity as you put out to be . your idea is full of holes that you aren't willing ... i am offering contricism to your very flawed topic . you should be very grateful that i'm taking the time out of my busy life and not reply with such vitriol . finally it's always kool to be ... what you said about black and hip pop has nothing to do with interracial marriages or anything we are talking about . in fact these stereotyping you speak of are the problems with media . there need to ... '