sorry it took me a while to read your post . i've been without an internet connection for so long . tbh , i don't know what to say here , except that if he is an intj like you said , if you're trying to ... aww . to be honest there really isn't one proper way to socialize because every situation is different . all you can do is be yourself and hope for the best . and if you have in some way offended ... yes they do and they are super adorable when they do it . hehehe it's like that nerdy , funny , cute kind of flirting that works on women like me . heheheh and they do it all the time too , it's adorable ... http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/414/156/172.jpg hmm interesting . i do smile a lot but it's very intentional . especially when i am working , i really make a point to smile at my patients . for some reason , they really appreciate that , even the ones ... have you tried talking to her about the things that bother you ? imo , if you're hiding all these things , the friendship that you have isn't really a friendship anymore . and if she is an isfj , then she ... these are the sweetest songs mr . meepers . you're seriously making me swoon right now . : blushed : i also have a problem with this . it says i have one unread visitor message . can you try and get it re-set it for me as well treebob ? thank you so much . :) i think intp's are great ! they're smart , friendly and very sweet . i met two friends here on perc who are intp's and even if they don't come across as such , they are actually the most genuine people i ... isfj travels to singapore ! ! i really loved singapore . it was an awesome country with really cool places to go . however i think the best thing about it is that it's the cleanest city i have ever ... i drink but very occasionally . i think i've only gotten drunk once and it was not a pleasant feeling . unfortunately i don't know how i am when i am drunk cause i think how i see myself and how other ... it's great ! the world understands you and you understand the world . although as a sensor i also often wonder what's it like being an n . i know how you feel . * sigh * * snuggles you forever * hehehe mr . meepers thank you so much . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejYyasKSVjw https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-kp4xJgXI8aI/VHuh3YjkXsI/AAAO-g/WD0ewAl8BbE/w400-h331-no/14%2B-%2B1 this quote allows me to forgive my shortcomings and not be so hard on myself . oh nephew my nephew why do you hate me so ? i've fed and bathe you even changed your diaper so full of poo and yet your eyes are still open your cries fill the room . it breaks my heart and ... i got 33/36 . i have been reading for fun all my life and i am an rn so it's my job to read people's emotions especially in people who claim to be in pain because they might just be acting . beats me , i am an isfj and still single at 31 . hehehe i don't mind though . first of all , i am not clingy . i actually drive guys away because i usually think that they deserve someone better than ... help me out when i need to but don't say that i do . very few people try and reach out to me to help with stuff that i need to do . i do this all the time for family and friends . i am the go-to girl if ... traps oh wow . that was extremely enthusiastic ! ! and your exclamation points are very contagious ! hahaha welcome to personality cafe , i hope you like it here . see you around ! :) props ( am i doing this right ? ) what do you think is the biggest difference between your type and mine ( isfj ) ? first of all , the fact that you are aware of your actions , is already a sign that you won't end up like your father . i've been around kids and i know how frustrating they can be at times . so don't ... awww it's frustrating for us non-istj's too to interpret what you want to convey . i've learned to ask a ton of questions and do a lot of clarifications just to i can get to the bottom of how my ... huh , that may not be always the case . most times , my istj mother and brother are just having trouble expressing how they feel . with my brother , i have to ask him several questions which are mostly ... for me , i have four . one retired from perc , the other was banned . both are my fb friends and i talk to them on fb from time to time . the other one is still here but is not active anymore . i also ... hahaha i am glad that i'm not the only one now . heheeh oh okay . i guess i give off an asian vibe about me . hahaha that is a great way to put it . that is so true too . i don't know about that , most south american people are extremely attractive . hehehe ... isfj about 5/10 i was known but didn't have a lot of friends . hmm , um i tend to shy away from extroverts although my did like a guy online once who was enfp . i have friends who are intp's and i like them too but not romantically . as for intj , my brother is one ... i am not an istj but what does that mean ? if that was the opening in the movie i was about to watch , i would wonder if i walked into the wrong cinema or i would go question my own taste in movies . or ... aww what makes you say that ? because you know i'm all about that bass ' bout that bass , no treble i'm all about that bass ' bout that bass , no treble hi ! welcome to perc ! ! ! hey no ! ! ! stop that ! you are not an empty , terrible person ! the fact that you are trying your hardest to express how happy your so makes you , means that you are a genuine , caring person with so much ... okay . well you mentioned that this is only the second time you video chatted with your so . so he hasn't really seen all of your facial expressions . maybe one of these days he'll say something funny ... aww i am so sorry . so like when you see him and you're happy , it doesn't come out as a smile ? awww this is very sweet . look you don't have to be self conscious about your creepy smile . he's your so . he's already into you . it won't matter that your smile is creepy , he would still appreciate it ... yes very much so . i tend to put up a cheerful front at work but it's all an act to keep things lively and to not be awkward around people . you definitely said it better than i did . heheh how do isfjs view love ? i can't speak for everyone but for me love is when you care deeply for the other person . not necessarily in a romantic way but in a way where you are willing to get out of ... you are an eevee as well as a panda . you're a panvee . hehehe http://p1.pichost.me/i/14/1369932.jpg https://scontent-b-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/p480x480/10731016_10153355177533782_4424771429736314539_n.jpg?oh=651e8e92f780d42c0f93b630e6694ebf&oe=54E48873 ... what's your name ? where are you from ? what makes you happy ? what makes you sad ? what are your interests ? that was a very nice video . i teared up a little bit . hehehe it's very inspirational . thank you . i hope you don't mind that i am embedding it here .   ... really ? wow why ? did i come across as too asian ? hahaha wow , that's kind of flattering . hahaha yeah it's mostly japan or korea . omg that girl may need some help . like a psychiatric help or something ... omg they really are . hahaha yeah asians can be obsessive . hehehe i think i need to say this , i am asian . hahaah not korean though . oh wow , your friend is a whole new level of k addict . hehehe i ... you are ? did you take classes ? i want to take classes but it's way too expensive and i can't really justify the expenses because it's not like i need to learn korean . i just want to learn it so that ... you're welcome . i like languages too . it's just really difficult to learn a new language . right now , i am trying to learn korean because i love to watch korean dramas but it's sooo difficult . yeah ... cool . you seem to get the hang of english now . that is impressive .