' i empathize with you so strongly on this . initially , i really wanted to study film , both production and critical studies but i was shunned a bit because it's an unstable field and it's what i make of ... i would love to do philosophy but i have to do something that will get me caviar on the table and not just bread according to the words of my counselor ( i left her , haha ) . but yeah , so that's why ... i don't know if this thread's been done before but here it is anyway . i'm a senior in high school and i've been doing my university research for quite some time now . i'm interested in furthering ... this happens to me often . initially i feel like it's absolutely random and there's no root to it but as usual , i have a tendency to introspect and delve into things quite a lot so i ultimately find ... staring at the sky . looking at birds . thinking about space . thinking about aliens . thinking about the future . observing people when they don't think anyone's watching them . looking at airplanes - ... spike jonze ( her ) , wes anderson ( moonrise kingdom ) , sofia coppola ( the bling ring , the virgin suicides ) , stanley kubrick ( 2001 ) , jonathan levine ( warm bodies , 50/50 ) , harmony korine ( to be honest , ... haha , thank you ! i'd like to imagine i have neither . the type of flying that doesn't involve any additional requirements , or any particular movement requirements like flapping my arms up and down ... flight . this is a no-brainer for me . i sometimes just sit and pretend i'm not on earth and i'm up far away from where everyone and all my problems look so small and almost insignificant . i can't even ... oh my god , no . don't conform to those bullshit dating rules and crap . every guy is different and i hate how these guidelines have come about and just been applied to everyone . a guy , if he is ... yes . yes . yes . prevent the assassination of john lennon ( somehow ) . yes . 16 . before i was 16 , all my results used to tell me i was an intj . now the change makes sense because i actually have changed during my sophomore year in high school . i think it's helpful at times , if people find you scary / intimidating . especially if you're dealing with douchebags . whom i deal with on a daily basis . so it's useful for me . my scary front really ... yeah , sometimes . i sort of have a deadpan sense of humor and it's sometimes dark as well . but i don't think it's got anything to do with personality type . i just say stuff like it's so cold in ... that's such a sweet story , it's so nice to know you've more or less gotten over your anxiety aw that's quite impressive ... wow nudes . ( hmmm . ) i feel like screaming , oh my god , you guys are all me , i think the exact same things and i overly exaggerate my infp characteristics sometimes or always correlate every tiny mannerism to my type ... oh yes , i forgot about the self-fulfilling prophecy . hmm , makes a lot more sense now . thank you ! i love the hate trying in general hahaha . thank you ! i was so nervous starting a post on here haha . just a thought , do you guys ever feel the need to conform to your particular type ? like if you found out you're an enfp , and the description fits you on the whole but there are some characteristics ... me ? i like the idea of an infp / enfj pairing , it seems quite ideal . although i would prefer dating an infp , from what it looks like , an enfj pairing would be more suitable and would make the relationship ... i agree . i think that's a perfect summation of what i've subconsciously wanted as a friend ; thanks for putting it into words ! i think for introverts it could go either way . some of us , get incredibly nervous when we're told to present in front of an audience and some of us , actually like the opportunity to present ... oh my god , i have got this so so many times don't you think that's a little bit of an exaggeration ? i don't know how to explain but this seems a bit far-fetched ? i've been told i'm quite okay at oral presentations . it actually depends on the subject though . my tok presentations ( it's sort of like philosophy ) are pretty smooth , because i know the subject and i ... i'm a walking paradox basically . some people tell me i'm really approachable and some i can just tell don't want to approach me . i think it's because i'm nice to nice people and horribly apathetic ... but marshmallows are great why can't you date us lol we are so lonely oh wow okay i don't think i look like my type very much . and yes i've been called hipster way too many times ! ! yes that's actually the perfect way to describe us let's all fly away together i think we're all like that , i know i am too . i'm so mushy it's unbelievable . anyway i really like your writing , stop being so insecure , it's beautiful i really like this just curious . do you find some people to look like estjs ? and others infps ? and so on ? if so , what do you think you look like based off of your appearance ? too many questions ? haha i'm going to frame this and put it up on my wall it doesn't matter where the college is . um , i'm willing to pay , enough ? haha i'm really shit with talking about finance but i guess something not too expensive because it's a little tight from my ... i'm thinking of doing cinematic studies or film . i'm sort of in between doing this or just attending a liberal arts college and doing writing . but i really really want to do cinema studies . wow , that sounds so lovely , i'm gonna look it up hello ! ! wow you're my complete opposite i'm an infp haha anyway have a nice time on here , i'm new too and i like this place a lot already :) yes , same , oh my god . though i like to get out every now and then . that's sort of what i like about my social ethic ( ? ? ? ) . i stay at home for most of the time so when i go out , i truly have a great ... mom i made a new friend today yeah , we are cool , but most people don't realize , haha . thanks so much ! i didn't expect anyone to reply to this shitty post haha hello . hello i'm neha and i'm new here . i'm an infp . and i'm so happy about it . the description fits me so perfectly . i took the mbti quiz when i felt so lonely and isolated ; i felt like there was no one ... i feel like you're exactly me . it's scary how accurate this is . but yeah , i tend to prefer introverts because we'd both have the same issues and everything , and til ' date , i've never been very ... i'm looking to apply . ofcourse , i've found a few that i'd like to go to but i was just wondering if there's a few colleges that seem to be particularly suitable for the infp type . sorry if this ... i get this so much . in fact , most of the closest friends i have right now , i've met through other people and they have told me that they didn't approach me on their own because they deemed me ... '