' keep them coming guys ! these are all very insightful ! ! i believe your right . i wish i could update my message too , because i made it before i saw the film . i actually think your right about bruce too . hey guys ! with the dark knight rises rising to theaters this friday , i wanted to know what your thoughts on the mbti of the characters for the nolan trilogy were . feel free to change my list or add ... i have only skimmed through this forum and have found it completely irrelevant to the original question . clearly only a small number of you pull of the question of what does it mean to be an intj ... true that . yes , but there is always room for improvement . if we can get even better then what we are , we are unstoppable ! ! ! xd just kidding , but it will help us go through life even better then we already are . aha . that makes perfect sense . matches pretty much all of my qualities too . if i can find one with good motives then i am good ! :D thanks :D interesting . it seems that with type six converted into the mbti personality types , it just so happens to be istj and estj as the first . i may end up being best matched with my own personality type ... yeah , and like i said , i am an estj as well . i would be a hypocrit if i were to write them off that way . so true , so true xd meh , i guess estj is not the type for me with all that being said . outgoing and family oriented are pluses , but someone who puts me down all the time isn't good for me . i mean , i ignore people who ... alright , today i finally learned what kind of girl i am attracted to . a kind of girl who is social , happy , encouraging and thoughtful . only problem is , i currently have no girls like that in my life ... social girl ? so you go on virtual dates ? very interesting . what will they think of next ? that is the first istj i talked to who doesn't want to get married . most istjs do want to get married because they are normally tradition based , but only to the right kind of girl . a girl who wants ... ah , i see . well , looks like he will need time then . i know an istj will isolate himself when he goes through something hard like a death . it is very good that you are willing to wait for him too and ... that sounds like a good idea ! let us know how that works out :D no prob ! i think what you should do , as strange as it may be , just call him up and see how he is doing . if he enjoys spending time with you then he shouldn't be thrown off by it . in fact , for all we ... yeah , most of us are still slow at relationships . no matter what istj you are we always have a problem with expressing how we feel , especially how we feel about someone we have a crush on . we ... hey guys ! i wanted to know if any of you out there knew of any ways that an istj might be able to grow to make his personality type better ? what are some weaknesses that might come along and how can ... for the most part , regular istjs will react this way to situations . however , i actually never resort to insulting others or run away from a fight that i am involved in . in fact , i am usually the one ... yep ! hopefully he will make the right choice . :D well , presentation is another great tool when dealing with an istj . it is definitely something to be careful with . if you come off too aggressive when presenting the information they may end up ... that is one of the best questions i have heard on this thread so far :D the best thing to do to help an istj see things for what they really are is to spell it out in plain english for them . istjs ... lock himself in a cave ? perhaps , depending on how introverted this guy is . however , everyone needs time to process , so it may be some time until he fully processes . i noticed that being an istj , we tend to see extremely simple things as super complex . i guess that is why sometimes we can take things too far and leave others clueless as to why we do them . xd this is why i can relate to istjs :D life is filled with relationships . each one is filled with different kinds of joy and sorrows . the best way to make most of the relationship , is to adapt to them . set goals to do this and you'll see ... that was a hilarious reply ! :D when i saw it i started cracking up :D ... your room is super clean .  ... your the guy in the other room when everyone else is fighting . ... you find yourself working alone . ... your batman ( xd jk , i was on a role ) ... you are very ... wait , was this guy an istj ? he totally likes you . that is the kind of way i would show a girl i like her ( by complimenting how clean she is . xd funny thing is i am serious too . istjs love clean people ) . you'll have to give him ... oh big time . if i a girl caught me off guard with a kiss i would be very embarrassed . i wouldn't show it , but i would be embarrassed . like niss said though , if you ask him , he should kiss you . we ... there we go ! tell us how it goes :D a love of taco bell you say ? interesting , very interesting . i have actually never eaten at taco bell before . i don't even think we have one around where i live , ... sela is right . i had the same situation happen to me many times with my friends . it is a common situation for an istj to run into because we can be such push overs some times . however , when you ... my life in 25 words right there xd ah , don't you just hate it when people make pointless drama because they want some form of attention ? drives you nuts right ? like my chemistry teacher for instance . in every class that i am in i have ... xd that wasn't what i meant when i said it . there are some people i know who nag me for water every 30 minutes every time they come over . such confusion . best thing to do is to play the matching game . best your personality should match up with the description rather then some test . favorite quote ? um , well , i guess early to bed early to rise by ben franklin ... other then that i think i like quoting myself better xd same here , though i can't say i have actually met another istj . i am sure everything would be organized and stuff like that , but the fact remains that i don't think i would want another me around . i ... romani holiday ( antonius remix ) i am not sure why ... this has somehow found it's way into my head . we are ? ! the reason everyone likes me so much is because i don't complain . i thought we were all easy going people who don't really care what happens as long as we get our job done . then again , i may ... same here . i rarely go out of my way for someone i like ( mostly because i can't say i have actually had a romantic interest in someone since i was 12 ) but when i really like a girl , you can be sure i ... i agree 100 % with you . people like us are best when we can practice on the things we can do in the here and now . - disorganized people - lazy people - ignorant people - loud music - terrorists - people who drink water all the time - men who treat women disrespectfully - hypocritical people - argumentive people ... an istj eh ? er , well , looking at myself since i am the only istj i know ( no joke ) i try to keep in shape all the time , so i am super athletic . i have 20/20 vision so i don't wear glasses . i am blonde ... '