' istp - 15 i bet i could get a 0 . the results of each answer is pretty obvious . edit : managed a 6 . i'm getting close . skim reading is an art . i'm convinced that's what they want you to really learn . sparknotes are also an amazing invention . for a textbook with heavy memorization material , just type the chapter / book ... mbti : istp degree : film and digital media . did i like it ? yes and no . i'm interested in digital media and pre-production processes but i wouldn't touch the film industry with a 50ft pole . i ... i keep hearing conflicting information . be true to yourself , no you should lie . lower your standards , don't settle . apply to jobs asking for 2-5 years of experience even if you have none , wait don't ... 1 . saiyuki . it's a bit cheesy but i'll always love its characters . no particular order : 2 . trigun 3 . trinity blood 4 . zoids 5 . wolf's rain 6 . full metal alchemist 7 . death parade 8 . soul ... eh . steam : portal 2 ori and the blind forest enslaved : odyssey to the west transistor bastion transformers war for cybertron mirror's edge i'm speaking of games you would like , not ones you dislike . if two people of the same type happened to like the same genre i can imagine they would play it and react to it in a similar way . i don't ... most likely yes . i think same types would react similarly ... but it doesn't mean they have the same favorite genres . i mean like those people you see gushing over characters in shows . some groups of ... it's like asking someone's favorite tv or book genre . i believe it's more so the reactions to favorite genres that are type specific rather than the genre itself . istps are drawn to games where they can jump in , discover things for themselves , and master the tools to eventually create something huge and wonderful . favorite genres : procedurally-generated ... bronze gods . it will be my first time reading steampunk . it's supposed to be a murder mystery novel . i hope it's good since a . a . aguirre wrote my favorite series and she is my second favorite ... i'm only ambitious in the sense that i don't like being mediocre at whatever i'm currently doing . wannabe n types be like : 408658 background characters you don't know a whole lot about yet have a lot of potential . 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 10 great expectations - charles dickens 14 complete works of shakespeare ... i find it better to pick a mbti and then an enneagram as a sort of subtype of an mbti for variety . you could also try giving the bad guy or the hero the opposite of their typical mbti / enneagram type ... almost every day ... person : i can't get this stupid thing to work . me : starts pushing random buttons . person : omg it works now . what did you do ? me : i don't know . @ arieslilith i'm currently looking at the path to becoming a project manager . what i consider my talents as of now are 1 ) i am confident about my creative writing skills 2 ) * i am good at ... pilot i have been going on gaming company websites like bioware , activision ect . and browsing their job openings . there aren't any current intern openings and it seems most , if not all , only take ... background : i recently graduated with an undergraduate degree in film and digital media . i originally went for this major because i've loved working with fictional stories since the moment i could ... saying only certain mbti type are attracted anime is like saying only one type goes to the movies or watches tv . anime isn't a genre , it includes every genre and attracts every type for different ... i was thinking more along the lines of 307705 we might as well make it our moral obligation to put pigs on a vegetable diet because they are omnivorous but don't have to eat meat ... right ? but if we're in pods and only in a virtual reality then we can't go to space or explore the universe like other planets or solar systems . i will fight you . humans can digest raw meat , fish and red , it's just not advised as there are bacteria and parasites to worry about . that's a lie . humans have the enzymes to digest meat and we extract nutrients from meat . what does the pancreas do ? we have an organ where part of it's purpose is to break down protein . bacon is delicious . 307401 psychology is breaking down the workings of the mind . it counts . there's no inherent love for mechanics like cars or computers as an istp . the ' mechanic ' title means you like to tear stuff up to see how it works , physical or mental . 298946 i'll just call up an alien army and a certain bounty hunter . 298898 this is why we can't have nice things . i should unleash slender man since they can't resist giving hugs . me : hoe don't do it . you : me : oh my god . all of these have female protagonists . fantasy mercy thompson series : the protagonist is half native american , a mechanic , and turns into a coyote . she marries a werewolf and each book rotates ... some more . http://youtu.be/hnuPs8OMHoI http://youtu.be/9UzB7Z02fM8 http://youtu.be/g7PlhCxJaDI http://youtu.be/aQsoqYbMQyM i love soundtrack music . if i buy a disc for my favorite movies i can see them scene by scene while listening . what's really cool is listening to soundtracks from a trilogy and hearing the main theme ... in a horror movie , if you are not rooting for the monster , you are rooting for the victim . there a cat and mouse chase , preditor and pray dance , a swapping of ' the gaze ' between the victim and the ... so what you're saying is that only a few people will romanticize it ... even though it's classified as an erotic romance ? this isn't comparable to horror movies because in horror movies you aren't ... it doesn't matter if the book depicts a bad relationship , the book and movie isn't telling the reader / viewer to go out and be abused . if a few people take it as a relationship they want to be in or ... i can't remember a time when i didn't write . it was always out of class or during class when i was supposed to be doing other work . there was no inspiring spark , i was always writing stories , on ... i've been going through the advertisements . i find the posters are as vague as possible in a ' less is more ' approach , and the trailers themselves are risque but don't hint at abuse . 277962  2779 70 ... lol . i'm not preaching shit . they could have refused , but they didn't . neither did the actors who admitted they were uncomfortable for the entirety of the filming . i don't know any of their back stories but this film could have ... thank you , now i know where you're coming from . you should really take up your distaste with producers , not directors . they are the ones who give the green light for a script and supply all of ... you're putting words into my mouth . nowhere did i say it's not your right to stop speaking to her . i said it was absurd to dislike someone over their tastes in fiction . you're taking it way too ... i am not . film and digital media is my major , i've studied this and am still studying it . i've taken classes over this subject . you may be uncomfortable about it but it's obserd to hate or want to disown someone based on fictional literary or movie preferences . i thought the twilight series was an abomination but i wasn't ... i know what a bandwagon is . what i fail to see which specific bandwagon you're referring to that this film is jumping on . the only one i see is the book adaptation trend since popular books ... i have to vote the specialists . '