' persona 5 ! ! type ze characters istj ? mayb 1 . i'm very straightforward and blunt with how i feel about anything . i'm oblivious to how others feel and sometimes this leads me to hurt others because i dwell in my own little ... seems like it . drank troll : ^ ) infp instinct . switching to mystic . sorry team . anybody watching love live ! sunshine ! ! ? i'm really curious about their types , though we're only 3 episodes in so it may be a bit difficult ... 1 . fe ? 1 1/2 . te .. 2 . i think ti ? 3 . ne 4 . wut ... i guess you're trying to relate this to si ? lol 5 . er not function related ... or even personality related :p 6 . fi 7 . ne / lack of sensing ... no . you could be fake . heckkk yeahhh you mentioned some of my favorite anime youtubers ! ! i would have met them yesterday at anime expo ( hint : i went there yesterday ... ( july 1st ) ) , but it was too crowded . :/ perhaps ... sure possibly unknown = inaccurate entp meme . quite a rare personality type ... way rarer than infj .. you could be an intj ... intps are nerds that barely have any acess to human emotions . the only people they care about is their anime waifus ... i wish d.va was infp ... though she's most likely xsfp idk do u play overwatch i actually thought you were an intp ... intps are such freaking trolls ... like just pls stop ur jokes aren't even funny ... leictreon ur avatar is really cute ! ! ! ( for some reason i said accurate at first lol ) - - ( at above person ) ur a mystery man ... this all seems really accurate ! props to ya ! :D yes u r pfne lever ( oh whoops ... that's already been said . oh well >:D ) the last vid ! ! ! that's on my liked videos playlist on youtube ; i didn't think i would see it here ! ! bossa nova like that = perfection . ( sorry i got a bit too excited lmao . ) anyways , jazz is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqWcCJKVHhk i love the vibes and lyrics of this song . it's just so chill ~ oh gosh , i'm such a dreamer hehe . maybe with a little mix of idealist but mostly dreamer :p agnostic theist born in a christian fanily . : o isfj :p thanks for joining this topic ! : o hmm , i relate to both of you , but i think i identify with you more . i also took the quiz you suggested a billion of times because i tried to answer all of the ... i present to you an estp you see more isfp . : o isfj :) pretty noice good thing you mentioned that . :P my thoughts do tend to be very personal , so i'm not always one to share different ideas with a bunch a random people . if i'm comfortable with an individual and i ... o-o-oh my god ... there was just one period in that sentence ... my head is spinning i think just had a gag reflex i read turnip as trump lmao definitely inferior-te . :p infjennifer maybe i could explain my intuition function without directly saying which statement applies to ni or ne . i'm pretty much just gonna ramble lol :p . i am very open to possibilty ; ... besides the stereotypes , i'm still not sure if i use ni or ne :/ that ... that confused me . : | quite accurate m8 : ^ ) i thought i was but i just ? ? ? don't know screw pokemon and digimon beyblade let it rip i used to wasn't it on cartoon network u guys have taken over the thread once upon a time infjennifer thanks for explaining :) i don't think i should really rely on stereotypes ; they will definitely confuse me when it comes to figuring out my mbti type . i should continue ... b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-baka ! ! ! infp , of course :p heh , ya never know :P infps are noted for being very creative and i'm just ... not . infps are called artistic , poetic , and all that jazz , but all i do is play video games , read , and watch tv . i ... '