' so ambrosia , what do you want ? i keep getting a lot of mixed signals from you . once you find out what your end goal is , you can continue on . as far as answering some immediate questions , there was ... not poor form at all , i'll read the saga hopefully later tonight xd those are just stereotypical 3 things . not all 3s look like the class president lol . any way , everything in your questionnaire was very externally driven . although i haven't looked at your ... well you're definitely a type 3 xd apart from that , you have so much fe that it has to be 1 or 2 . that makes you an xxfj . i'm guessing if i asked you , you'd say you were an introvert . while i'm ... isfj is probably accurate . you show some solid fe . you say you are introverted so we are down to ixfj or ixtp . fe comes before ti in your function order . i'm almost positive . so ixfj is the way ... from those 10 observations ... i think her functions are ( in no particular order ): ti fe ne si that narrows it down to xsfj or xntp . it's clear fe nor ne is dominant so introvert is a great ... physicist and i love 99 % of the seconds . do you dm online ? if so , what editions ? i swear to bahamut that if you say 4.0 , i will find 12 unicorns and kick them into dragons ... in a dungeon tell them since they are friends , they get a special discount . you said $ 90-125 is typical , so charge $ 65-80 . they still feel like you gave them a good deal , you still acknowledge friendship and ... actually i wasn't lol . the only implication made was that in my experience , ntjs tend to be specialists while ntps tend to be generalists . other than that , i only paralleled good will hunting with ... all degrees in physics i always thought an intp 5w6 - 3w4 - 8w9 but that is probably quite incorrect a collection of haikus written by bigtex for viewing pleasure leaves crush under feet trampled by the unwilling blown away by wind moonlight does shatter darkness of the eternal most likely greatest , although more data is required . politics is like driving aimlessly . you go right until you get tired of that , then you go left until you get tired of that , then you go forward until you get tired of that , then you go backwards . how to win friends and influence people is a great one . as for transforming conversations , i let it undergo it's own metamorphosis . when it happens , it happens . when it doesn't , i just keep it ... this makes the most anti-nonsense . i appreciate it most likely an incident happened ( an hr issue like sexual harassment or something ) and they are bringing in a lawyer to do a few things . 1 . damage control . make sure no one in the store can sue ... horror movies frighten me too much . my imagination usually gets the better of me and it rarely ends well for me sleeping xd he had asthma as a kid and ran around until he cured it . ( his asthma was most likely environmental but still awesome ) the article mentioned his naval history book , but didn't mention that he ... perhaps . could i be a consultant instead ? i don't have time to fully participate but could be a phone a friend of sorts . i can be really romantic when i put all my brain power to it . riddles leading to a candle-lit dinner and stuff like that . but rocks ? maybe if i engraved each one with a different rock pun ! that ... currently i dress in 3 piece suits because they are awesome . if i'm going casual during summer , its plaid shorts and polos . if winter , it is more like the middle picture above . my ideal partner ... whichever type is a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets . those are my favorite :D i'll let you find out . ^ oh naw he d'int . xd i have lots of pieces of advice . 1 . no one cares . no one cares that you're homeschooled unless you shove it down their throats . no one cares if you're the smartest guy in the room or planet or ... interesting but i don't buy it . unless we want to go into some voltaire , i don't see how that follows that being able to think in 5d must mean i am 5d ( or at least my brain ) . i can also think in 1d ... the beauty about opinions is that i don't need justification ;) . why would i need to justify my own opinions on what i like and don't like ? would you have me explain why i like tacos so much ? just ... let's put it this way . if the get together in question was next door , there is a 50 % chance i'd not go . the other 50 % is devoted to the ever popular third option in the go / not go dichotomy , leave ... first of all , why haven't you quit yet ? second of all , bring this to a lawyer or the department of labor ( or equivalent ) . thirdly , march in to anyone's office and raise hell . it could be your ... she annoyed the hell out of me . that being said , most other entps annoy the hell out of me , so it is quite possible she is an entp . i'm actually going to go ahead and disagree anyways and say ... i actually think in 5d ... so there ! :D what is love ? * bobs head sideways repeatedly * isfp and intj have the same functions , and since you are fi-dom , you are most likely isfp . above you said you identified with isfp but the functions weren't right or something like that , then you ... enfp is probably the best bet at this point . if i were a gambling man , i'd bet 70 % of my money on enfp , 16 % on entp and 1 % on all the rest . that way , i win no matter what :D i'm going to guess isfj . i saw a lot more fe ( trying not to piss people off or trying to include ) than fi . si is clearly there . also looking at what you don't have might be helpful . i saw ... http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html is a good place to start . isfp with very weak se , almost to the point of being in an fi-ni loop . fi is clearly dominant , everyone else seemed to pick up on that as well . that leaves ixfp , out of that you said ni fits . ... i've studied abroad . or two xd xd xd xd xd xd joke of the year ^ :D clever . that is the best type . i thanked the above post just so i could unthank it . i did so 6 times . super hero , then treasure hunter , then war hero , then musician , then athlete ( once i found out how much they make ) , then astronaut , then stay at home dad , then scientist . i am now a scientist :D i operate more like this . when i'm in i'm definitely in , but getting me to that point is a long arduous process . as a savvy consumer ( spare me all the self-righteous women aren't objects to be ... i don't behave at all xd http://www.fairfaxunderground.com/forum/file.php?2,file=50550,filename=363-bruce-willis-cool-story-bro-image.png i used to be good with time until i hit on his sister , then he kind of got pissed and now at every turn he tries to make my life difficult . if we are going to be nitpicky , this sounds a bit like fi actually ... at any rate , it has nothing to do with ne . sounds like te over ti or neither lol . not much to go on here . fe ! = ... i come from a land down under . where women rule and men plunder ! xxfjs take the cake for me ( in the order enfj esfj infj isfj ) then entj then intj . i'm pretty sadistic xd sherlock : entp 7w8 . in the book , he is istp ( i was convinced although i still think intp is a good bet ) but in the show , he gathers ideas ( ne ) then filters through them and weeds out the ... '