' o_o this actually blew my mind . i do care . i care so much that sometimes the sheer magnitude of how much i care will creep up on me and hit me like a bulldozer . people tell me not to care . they tell me that the world sucks , and ... i have this problem as well . i solve it with weed and alcohol . okay this isnt really my theory . but its the one i use to explain god . i found it on a yahoo answers , answer by a guy named jim . i hope he doesn't mind if i use it here , i don't think he would .  ... i was in the same situation actually . i was in a pretty deep depression and i cried on a regular basis for stupid things . i don't cry quite as much , but i can still cry . i tend to cry when 1 ) ... ironic , considering what i'm about to suggest . i feel like you would love researching new things , especially things that haven't been properly researched . one subject you may find interesting ... im sort of ... awkward and not that good is my singing future hopeless youtube - flightless bird youtube - scarlett johansson gets naughty in the office sensitive qwertyuiop hm ive been called barbie and or hippie i do this all the time . i get extremely hyper and extroverted . i can have in depth conversations with complete strangers . i also tend to have epiphanies . haha i think kate hudson is about the hottest girl ever . daaamn . http://www.kate-hudson.org/images/albums/photomags/photographers/stephendanelian/hq/hq09.jpg ... if i am right this argument is more or less about whether porn is right or wrong in so many words . well first we have to define right and wrong . is right and wrong defined by an act which ... yes ! a lot of people don't understand that catholicism embraces evolution . :) i think science and religion work hand in hand . why is your picture mushrooms ? i think i would be more like an au pair , because i would be expected to make meals and drive her places . like i said megan fox is hot , i just don't want to hear her voice . she's a terrible actress if you ask me . amanda on the other hand can act and sing . and i agree i think she looks hotter with no ... i looove kids i currently have been babysitting for a little 3 year old girl for about a year now . the mom wants me to move in as a stay at home nanny for the summer . how much should i charge ? it ... megan fox annoys the fuck out of me . she was made to look pretty ... not act . or talk . and i think amanda seyfried looks a lot prettier in mama mia . the pale no make up look isn't working for me ... hello :) i like computer graphics . i disappear for long periods of time . i don't finish large projects . i'm catholic , but our difference in beliefs will not offend me . i will only be ... my parents have an awful marriage ... they don't even sleep in the same bed . anyways when you want to run ... what thoughts are running through your head up to and during that point ? how do ... me too ! i always am looking for the perfect friend . before my first long term relationship , it seemed that i would start to date someone and then after a few months i would get this weird feeling . it's really hard to describe . the closest way i ... i am morally against porn . i believe that when you view pornography , the people are reduced to objects being used for another's sexual pleasure . dear ___ , i feel like you lost a lot of respect for me when you found out that i cut myself . i know that youx 92ve never really understood my cutting and i want to try to explain it to you . i ... when i smoke pot i have these deep moments of thinking and great realizations . its pretty ridiculous also my mom is an alcoholic so i refuse to drink . i think i may have developed a ... well when we started going out he gave me a lot of attention , hung out with me everyday and stuff . then after the first break up we stopped hanging out as much . i guess i just wanted more attention ... ahh so i dated this guy for one year and four months , my first long term relationship . we lost our virginity to each other and he was my first true love . i was the cheerleader , he was the football ... haven't seen one of these threads in a while so i thought i'd make a new one . :) ... so now what ? i am two personalities . is that even possible ? i can completely relate . i have lost so many friends because they will start to annoy me and i will let it build and build until one day i will get sick of them and get in a fight and we will stop ... what the heeeck haha i was listening to a classical song in the background and it matched her expressions perfectly i actually thought that it was part of the video haha my family is away for the weekend and that is exactly what i've been doing . that's so weird because i'm really good at math . it comes so naturally for me . part of it may be because i started piano at 6 years . i'm definitely going to start my kids at music at a young age ... sometimes i just want people to leave me alone like friends will call me to hang out and i don't want to go out . i just want to be alone but i don't really have a good excuse so i just ignore it . ... are you serious people cut themselves to be cool ? ? ? that pisses me off to no end . ive had experience with that and thats really offensive people would do that to be cool . thrift stores bookstores candle stores movies record stores http://www.geocities.jp/senribb/jewels/Turquoise.jpg turquoise http://wihort.uwex.edu/Phenology/images/Ox-eye%20Daisy.jpg daisy yellow ... okay thank you i am wondering how to get it . i have to work at 4 today and i am planning on just not showing up . the person i am planning to put is working today , so calling work and asking for ... i know an employee that has worked there for a long time that might be able to give me a reference . so for the references on a new application should i just put his cell phone number or something ? my ideal birthday would be cave time aka eating candy and chocolate ice cream and watching movies alone i absolutely love being by myself . i have no idea why . i know how you feel about our lifestyle . it's almost impossible to escape it . i hate all the packaged food with preservatives and stuff , but the only access to fresh organic food is through a job ... megan fox's personality annoys me so much people who are conceited just drive me crazy http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v210/hyrojim/HaydenChristensen2.jpg he's such a good actor too likes to talk gets along well with everyone meets new people with ease good at english / writing papers loves sports , always involved in a sport always does homework always really busy cracks a ... nah i don't let him pressure me . it just upsets me when he tries and i have to say no . i don't know why it just bugs me sometimes . i shouldn't let it get to me . i love hermit mode haha i started when i was around 11 or 12 . i sat in bed with a big carton of whoppers and watched back to the future . now i'll either rent a movie , or download one on my laptop ... i like that i can recognize a bad friendship or situation , even when others can't i like that i don't follow the crowd . the crowd drives me nuts with all their cool trends . i like that i notice ... i am the person who doesnt want just one thing .. i made a list cooking art graphic design fashion interior design religious education pianist like if he pressures me to do stuff i am not comfortable with it sometimes upsets me but i won't say anything until later that night after he leaves or something . or just any of the little things ... judging = type a perceiving = type b hahaa : crazy : '