' hey lady lullaby , thanks for commenting ! i've actually forgotten about this post so it was a nice surprise . :) i think it is a sketchy comparison , too . but i've found that sometimes the subtype ... so here's the thing . i've identified and tested as an entp , and i fit the general physiognomical stereotype of an entp : shaped something like a potato , tom hanksy nose , mischievous eyes , lazy and ... you could be xntj . supposedly entp's are really good entrepreneurs , but i don't fit that bill . i think like stunnedfox said , it's just a general sense not specific . you should try to strip the ... 91294 oh . okay , then . ladies and gentlemen , i give you : personalitycafe . are you bashing gays and lesbians while you're at it , too ? lilyanith absolutely breathtaking analysis ! i love your ferengicon story , that seems highly illustrative of the intj / enfp relationship … in fact , probably like many other ij / ep relationship . this was ... dedication actually as an entp i do have si as my inferior . it makes me sentimental to the point where i try not to let anybody know just how connected i am with my past . the feeling is there all the ... enfp - ne , fi , te , si intj - ni , te , fi , se you can see that the functions dovetail quite nicely . i think it's great that enfp's have the capability of keeping you balanced as a person . and you ... great points . when it comes to conversations , ideas , and interactions , they're confident and sure . when it comes to orchestrating events and taking people's experience into consideration , ... guitarguy 3826 i've been learning that this is the favorite activity between a scientist and an inspirer . it seems they like to just talk and discuss ideas best of all . it sounds like you ... i think that's the key to understanding intuitive intellectualism vs . sensor intellectualism . i've noticed that sensors do like to talk about brainy subjects too , but only if they're grounded in ... super , super helpful , chimeric . this was my guess about how intj's deal with their problems , vs . the expectations of enfp's . thus far , all the enfp's that responded have envied time ... … as opposed to ntps , who just have intellect with no real world application … wait … i was just jabbed by an enfp … i would like to be your friend , please . :D well , what i mean is , generally it doesn't confuse them like it does other types . on forums , we sometimes have similar thinking and would look at each other if something was expected . sometimes . and the other times , if we're on the same side of ' cornering ' other people ( in a fun ... many insightful points , eyesopen ! i can really agree with your view on 2 . the enfp i knew would've been a powerhouse if he had the confidence in himself . but i think his ideals and expectations of ... i'm working on a book right now , the two main characters are intj and enfp , both males , and being neither type ( entp here ) i was curious as to the dynamic between the two friends . what are your ... i'm working on a book right now , the two main characters are intj and enfp , both males , and being neither type ( entp here ) i was curious as to the dynamic between the two friends . what are your ... i'm 5 ' 7 , and middle-heavy . broadish build . this seems to be a trend . the extra insulation ( guess you could say famine preparation ) comes from sitting around a lot , reading books and writing ... attention executives — this is hard to find stats on . do any of you entjs have ( or had ) an entp best friend ? if so , how was your experience ? as an entp , three of my best friends have been ... i've been studying mbti and carol tuttle's dyt and i'm trying to find a balance . for those of you who don't know , carol tuttle is a stylist who groups body / personality types into four categories : ... i just looked up and isfj is a very likely match . cool ! wouldn't have come up with this option without you guys ' help . thanks ! i've tried discussing things like religion & stuff , politics … never comfortable with it . it's like he's scared of it . a tolerant istj ? i've never been involved romantically but i've always had an attraction to intj women . we get along extremely well . there's a perfect balance of intelligence , humor , wit , seriousness , carefreeness ... hmmm … good thoughts , everyone . on further speculation it seems that the definition of istp / istj / intj fits him best . don't know what i was thinking :p wow , i come onto this thread and find it nothing but an excuse to invoke tolkien and pictures of river song … * gasp * i think this is the fandom … i'm outta here ! ! ! hmmm … not sure about dominant fe , iamken . at first glance one might think he's a thinker but then he doesn't quite deal with things rationally so much as he does emotionally . does that make sense ? ... hello , givers . i know this person ( we'll call him fred ) who i think may be an enfj . i only say that because it seems to be the only possible option left . e - i think he's an extrovert because ... - clearance racks , yes ! - book stores , yes ( though i prefer to spend hours at the library ) ! that sounds a lot like an entp i know . she prefers hanging out with guys and discussing huge ... wow , you just pinpointed … everything . especially liked this bit : could you , possibly , expound on what you said about not fitting people's ideas of how a woman should act ? i'm ... * looks at all the ping-pong videos * well , i think that just happened . here's the way it works for me : deep , meaningful , theoretical , wildly animated conversations x97 + 1 + 1 + 1 energy points ! ... * looks at all the ping-pong videos * well , i think that just happened . here's the way it works for me : deep , meaningful , theoretical , wildly animated conversations — + 1 + 1 + 1 energy points ! ... i wonder how many es go i because they're intuitives . i know when i'm around a group of sensors , i shut down because the difference in thought patterns between n's & s's is huge and many times i just ... good call , unforeseen challenges . thanks . :) i only used the muslim example because it's closest at hand right now . well then you're not exactly equal opportunity … if they're not religious as the last bit implies , you make it ... very good observations . i have noticed the manipulative bit . their masterful area is their emotions . you're right . i did use the wrong word , i should've said signature . anyway while we're nitpicking about diction , you did say change , not moderate in your original post . also , it seems you used ... diamonddays , i meant misunderstood , as in people don't really understand or agree with many things i say or do , especially since i'm an intuitive in a sensor world . as this is who i am , i try not ... powershell , i totally agree with jdstankosky . this summer i was working about fifty-sixty hours a week and when i got home , i didn't want to talk to anybody . being tired all the time definitely ... sighcantthinkofaname wow ! very spot-on for an esfj . i think that's the thing about them for me . they're genuinely nice people . maybe too nice . i know as an entp i've got a streak of evil in me ... lol … i think he was talking about your grammar , owb :) deja vu yep , that's one of the biggest problems . i guess the issue i'm talking about is where we don't connect on almost anything … here are ... i've always been attracted to intj's ( though always on a friendship basis ) . i can see myself being with an intj . i think what we see as shallow small talk is typically people being uncomfortable , or as i've noticed s-types typically have conversations that we n-types view as meaningless or superficial ( just ... hey visionaries . i've consistently had a history of strained relationships with esfj's . by strained , i mean we've had a hard time understanding each other . here are some examples . esfj'sx 85 read ... hey everybody . i know that entp's can tend to be the most introverted extrovert . ( or as i like to put it , the most misunderstood extrovert . ) we tend to be extroverted , that is , we are recharged by ... being a perceiver , i elected that dw is for p's and st is for j's . i believe that nuwho is more for perceivers than the old series . if you think about it ( about to fanboy on everyone , sorry ) , in ... mercy on us all … if moffat ever appears in my backyard , i'm running off to play ball with sauron . and i'm an intp to and totally loving my type ! we may be one of the most misunderstood of all thinkers . ( we live almost completely in our heads , tend to be detached from our emotions , and are sloppy ... sorry to hear that :( i hope you can figure out which type you are , though . once you do , it will definitely help you recover . :) '