' skyracerx actually , i quoted and agreed with the premise of your position , with two reasons to support why - even explicitly stating regardless of gender twice . my position regarding this list ... good idea ! yes to all of the suggestions above #asdforchatboxmod what did you eat today mr . castelo i think you're actually sp / so . my impression is that in general you are neutral and dispassionate . you emphasize that you have a fear of intimacy in that it causes you anxiety . for me , so ... ugh i kind of like the idea of power and oh yeah , i want to serve this great community n stuff i don't have this problem . usually i need to shut up because i'm too direct . sounds like you struggle with assertiveness . i think this is more common for the type 9 , actually . my advice is to put ... #asdforchatboxmod2017 can i be mod of chatbox ? pls pls pls pls pls psl pls undead warhead i think 6w5 is right , stacking is either sp / sx or sx / sp , probably sp / sx . i'm 6w5 sx / sp myself so i'll briefly elaborate to differentiate . i also think you left out a lot of things as ... : laughing :: laughing : i agree . regardless of gender , our first function is te . te , obviously , is blunt , direct , and transparent - our communication style is masculine in that it's straight to the point . regardless of ... : redface : : redface-new : : very_drunk : ty ty . sometimes i try uncle ben * lol that's a great question . the possibilities are endless ... spiderman once said , with great power comes great responsibility . well , fuck that . 1 . infraction spree . i get excited just thinking ... when are you going to make me mod ( for one day ) ? pls pls ls thesonderer decisions , decisions ... dulcinea asking the ni future vision jedi mind reading questions . enough is enough beard braids or no .. that's a tough one alright . wouldn't want to be in your shoes right now ^ : smilewoot :: winetime :: kirby :: kirby :: kirby : that was rude . fumetsu just caught up on this exchange . judging from the context alone and not by any assumptions or personal experiences inserted , sounds like you're simply trying to think out loud and assess a ... oh wait i thought the potatoes were eggs lol ^ my meal for friday : sun-smiley : make a french foodie thread please ! ! ! ahhh post recipe now ! ! ! what is your favorite french dish we seek answers ! https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2017-03/3/15/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane-02/sub-buzz-29344-1488573403-7.png?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto i think the entire nt squad is overrated ( thanks for that , david keirsey ) . sensors get a lot of crap , honestly . it is a bit unfair - an istj is just as logical compared to an intj , etc . and so on . my sister is a type 1 sp / so . she doesn't prioritize close friends and her friends are sort of like social groups , social friends , etc . a reoccurring theme , however , is around her birthday she comes ... i dunno but sign me up wut ? ni subtype is a valid possibility ; also , if you find out your stacking ( enneagram ) , i find that it helps as well . for instance , i'm entj-ni subtype and my stacking is sx / sp . usually , there's a ... #confused dulcinea to be honest , in terms of tritype , i don't really see any validity . wing , you're probably 4w5 . i figured sp / sx ; are you familiar with the sp 4 subtype ( from naranjo and chestnut ) ? i think ... dulcinea essentially , i think you're type 4 to the max . your 4ness is overwhelming me . do you know your stacking ? i think perhaps sp / sx . a lot of your answers are image-focused . that said , you have ... autism spectrum disorder ... lol : tan :: emmersed :: rolling :: surprise : krayfish are you familiar with socionics ? if you are , i won't link you to sources ; if not , let me know . :p roud : also , i find that a lot of people have trouble deciding the e / i because of socionics ... turi lol @ the ignorance and misinformed data ( you do realize the loyal skeptic is the literal title given to the type 6 , right ? : laughing :) . admittedly , you have 0 knowledge regarding core types and ... if you get into the enneagram you learn about your hidden motivations , fixations , patterns of defense mechanisms , etc . - it presents room for growth and change . this is pretty common for the ... people usually assume i'm unemotional because of my demeanor and are often surprised by my sensitivity and the amount of investment i have to help others once they get to know me . animal exactly , the continued deflection and personal attacks are childish and off-putting as it's an overreaction or moral crusade or whatever bullshit to anyone disagreeing - i can't be ... jennyjukes sorry , i was honestly referencing an entp , enfp , and entj . i'm sure there's a variation there . :p roud : hermetica can you read ? did they claim innocence ? no , you did . so much for reading comprehension . paradigm i thought that was an unfair post as well laced with a lot of biased self-affirming bullshit all equating to nonsense . i have some choice words but i'll refrain given the recent events and ... i agree with krayfish , i think you're a 9 ; you have a softer disposition . actually , a lot of times i see a type 9 mistype as 5 ; especially if they're intp . both are withdrawn types ( 5 and 9 ) .   ... it took reading chestnut and naranjo before realizing i was a 6 . this is common for the counter-types . why do you think so for subtype ? i agree , tritype is irrelevant . subtype is the ... ^ lol this is a good question . i wonder which is more dominant as well . as a 6 in the head triad , i have fear . with my sx subtype , i have more anger , and aggression . in fact , i am more conscious of my ... database error rating : * * * : laughing : '