' this is mostly directed at the intp's i suppose but i wanted to see everyone else has to say . i'm pretty certain of my own life philosophy , have been for about as long as i've actually thought in ... just tell him . intp's aren't notoriously good at nonverbal communication . high school was awful for me . college was better for a variety of reasons , but i've found school environments and i just don't get along . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGWcLg4QlKQ this song's been stuck in my head all day . funnily enough . only pseudo-intellectuals go around accusing others of pseudo-intellectualism . co here too , i'm not even that into beer but i can appreciate the variety and quality of all the local breweries . my personal poison is imperial stouts . a lot of bars don't seem to have them on ... another wave of depression , making me feel bad about things i'm normally fine with . thought the pills were helping . maybe it'll be better tomorrow . being old doesn't make it irrelevant . creating a new thread on the exact same topic would just create more clutter . also i wasn't looking at dates . on and for a couple years . i took it fairly seriously but based on hearsay it sounds like the best way to go about it is as aloof as possible . still awaiting confirmation of provenance . i went ... i've felt as if i'm borderline sociopathic at times and i would be lying out of my ass if i said it didn't negatively affect my ability to maintain a relationship . i'm also 95 % sure i have some form ... i would say that any perceived bias against christians is simply due to the fact that a forum such as this is frequented by people who tend to question rather than accept things unquestioningly ... a ) what phone model do you use ? samsung galaxy s4 . not a huge fan , screen's too big and the battery life sucks . b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? one hand , touching with my thumb . c ) ... shame is learned . as a child i would frequently make a fool of myself and not give a damn who saw . later in life i would not only be too self-conscious to act much of the time , i would also mentally ... i occasionally talk to myself , usually just vocal reminders as i'm buying groceries or yelling at my computer . i think i used to do so much more , but that's been relegated to very frequent , very ... intp's are frequent watchers of anime , and l is one of the extremely few characters in any form of media that is both somewhat well-known and an intp . he embodies the spirit of absurd overanalysis of ... i frequently lose track of the day , time , date , month , year , my age , gender , family , location , how long i've been awake , what i'm doing ... et cetera . when i get absorbed in something i easily detach ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHYIGy1dyd8 people are frustrating , bureaucratic bs is frustrating , being confined to one location is always frustrating . i seek escapism until it passes but that only works for so long . but it sounds like you ... thinking about sex and relationships and why they are supposedly such a big deal , and why i can't just have a week where my own personal feelings on such remain both consistent and not-depressing . ... a cremator from the pre-release versions of half-life 2 , because i love that game and its universe , and i thought it was cool . to not again devolve into a depressive lump that can't function properly because my emotions are overruling my rational mind . that'd be great . detective carefree ? what ? otherwise that's pretty accurate , which is strange , because i thought the test had some really out-there questions . i'm fascinated by people . my one greatest desire to is be able to probe others ' minds , see who they truly are . in theory this is accomplished simply by talking to them , but that requires a level of ... right now , nothing different . i don't have any strong desire to live past 40 , and knowing death was coming sooner than later might be a small relief . once i hit 25 - ish i might start to focus on ... should probably be happiness but experience has shown that clearly isn't the case . it could be to learn everything i possibly can but in the end that's just masturbation and won't be worth anything ... i think this is part of my problem as well . consciously i acknowledge that if i talk to enough people i'm probably going to hear enough interesting stories to justify the effort , but when it actually ... some people have apparently found me irresistible but only after actually getting to know me , which takes forever and happens never . need to figure out how to channel that to my external personality . i communicate via text ( e . g . internet ) the way i wish i could communicate in person : articulate , thoughtful , although i think i come across as too formal sometimes . that said i much prefer ... i hate who i was as a child but at least i was less self-conscious . i think i've always been bad with people , though whether that's due to nature or nurture i couldn't say . but it would make sense if ... i'm assuming that by lie you mean actual lies about stuff that matters . i don't think this has ever really happened to me but i would probably start by questioning their motives before deciding ... i dated one infp and had a massive crush on another so i can attest to their adorableness . i think it's the rampant emotionalism that confounds and enthralls me at the same time . ... huh ? i love steam , i don't know whatchu talkin ' bout , willis . never had issues with it . besides , steam has very little to do with the quality of the games on it , and even less to do with the ... only two people have ever truly pissed me off , and in both cases i came within an inch of getting up and stabbing them repeatedly with whatever was nearest to me . if i were ever pushed to the ... subjective , and not quite what i meant , although i do agree . my point was that , sex being what it is , the only people who can't understand why it's so important to human society are those who derive ... spoken ( well , written ) as only a vehement asexual could possibly believe . highly confrontational . you can't be intp . i don't understand . shepard isn't a real character , his / her personality is completely defined by your actions . what is there to miss ? the me universe is still the me universe . just a different ... i only bought dishonored and bioshock . i don't like to buy random games , even dirt cheap , unless i get a recommendation first . i can't speak for others , but i don't normally express my emotions unless i'm really , really depressed . which is relatively often . and then i vent at one of my friends until i'm satisfied . but if ... i had sex with a friend once just to see what casual sex was like , and determined that i have zero interest . generally speaking i don't really care about sex , i see it as a way to pass the time or a ... 1 . no . i don't do weddings . 2 . the paint has to be something toxic . i doubt it would work though , given that westboro baptist church followers don't read the bible . 3 . two slices of the same ... socialism is anything between communism and capitalism , though for some reason most people seem to assume it's synonymous with communism . pure communism and pure capitalism don't work on a societal ... i've experienced anything from slight loss of interest in my normal activities to completely losing the desire to do anything at all , so i would just lie in bed and sleep the day away . depression ... purely romantic stuff , no . it is interesting to me , probably because it engages my emotions in some way , but i can't stand a purely romantic work . there needs to be something else there or it's just ... i find that my thought patterns are greatly influenced by the people i talk to and think about . as in , among a certain crowd ( in this case , other intps ) i find myself relying less and less on ... if i were to kill myself , my suicide note would simply say , i'm fucking sick of this shit . http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/a44879y_700b_v1.jpg i've got plenty of hypothetical conversations mapped out in my head and if pressed i'm sure i could chat up any given hot girl without breaking down . the problem is i lack the motivation to do so ... i swear there's an estp locked in my head but the intp is too self-conscious to let him out . i could use a mental prybar too . when you don't have a goal or a plan , but if you did have a goal you could plan the shit out of getting there . if one sentence could summarize my entire perspective on life , it would be this ... '