' i totally understand . i'm also strange and think reality is highly subjective . to my father , his reality is that the world is set by the 9-5 work clock . he has a hard time understanding that my ... questions ( y / n ): -> often scatterbrained ? n -> day-dreamer ? y -> wild imagination ? y -> go off on tangents ? y -> go from one extreme to the next ? y -> alternate : found peace / balance ? ... let's go shamrock ! i'm feeling all fiesty and i'm sure a poet like you would show me quite a time . : wink : i went through a similar situation curious , and it's taking me a very long time to get better . to be honest , it's only been in this past month that i've really started to shine after a few years of ... i'd love to do that too , but that ends up causing more problems anyways . people get attached , drama ensues , blah blah blah blah . ugh . * hugs entropy * i think it has a lot to do with the fact that people mistake as for extroverts . when we get quiet and mellow , it's not because we're down , we're just needing to withdraw back into ourselves for ... any time zomboy ! i often have the same problem - when i'm comfortable i am often a little too open with my thoughts or sometimes i let my hyper side come through . in your situation zomboy , i think you're doing the ... you're right , i definitely picked the wrong place to post this ! i'm very sorry , i'll remember to be more mindful next time . : blushed : are you happy ? are you hurt by something i've done ? is the relationship what you want ? what can i do to make you happier ? as an infj , he is not going to respond well to any of those ... ooookay so ! this is all about you and not at all about her . gotcha . you're probably going to go through with your plan anyways at this point , but i strongly recommend you do not bother her at all . i know this is probably not the answer you want to hear but , i know for myself , when my nit-picky side comes out like that i'm not a happy camper with the relationship at hand . it also tends to mean ... okay istj's ! i want to know , for purely scientific reasons ;) , how a person can intrigue / seduce you ? what perks up your interest ? i love intj's . them and their super sexy logic ! i personally agree with all the points that have been made so far by the other infj's . if she means that much to you , i suggest you do the best thing for her and leave her be . think of her needs ... oh you are trouble aren't you ? enjoying getting a lady all flustered ! oh my goodness ! i am blushing like crazy tonight ! also yet another intriguing find ... oh my goodness ! if you are trying to make me blush you succeeded ! lol ! okay now i gotta see that ! why hello there yourself ! ;) i am very intrigued with nyx ! hm , obviously slightly nerdy , that's a bonus . sure , i'm game ! i'm in the same boat with most of you . i don't find practical jokes funny at all , humour at another's expense is not cool . for some specific examples ... okay i'm waving my nerd flag here but ... i ... i agree with your post in a lot of respects , but not entirely . for one , i do not believe it is impossible for men and women to be friends . i have had male friends that had no interest in dating me ... yeah that's what a lot of my guy friends / boyfriends have said about me too . i frankly don't think us infj ladies are that hard to figure out ! but maybe i just take my intuition about people for ... well i'm glad i'm not the only one who has this problem ! it's super awkward . it's worse when the guy is nice and you're terrified your rejection is going to crush him , which it probably is . i've ... well that was some extreme stereotyping ... i'm going to admit right now i haven't always been a saint . i can't speak from the intj point of view , but i know as an infj we can , and some of us probably ... i did the test twice , from different sources , and both times got infj , but i'm teetering on infp . i read up on infp , and realized what i want to be is infj . i know that sounds sort of weird , but the ... you know you're an infj when your standards for yourself are much , much higher than for anyone else . yeah , i understand . i am the woman who is waiting for you to challenge me . i am the woman who knows when to talk , and when to listen . i am the woman who felt her heart swell when she found so many kindred souls on ... '