' religion wasn't a part of my childhood in any way . i grew up as atheist , but i didn't think of myself as an atheist , because being an atheist or being religious wasn't something people in my age ... hi neighbour :) i'm from estonia . drinking and suicides are our national sport . why are all infp males such players ? i haven't had a relationship with another infp , but i'm pretty sure i could handle it . just because someone is an infp doesn't mean they are exactly like you . there is more variation in our type than ... i would download music illegally . that's right . you might wanna check out a half life 2 mod called radiator ( 1-1 and 1-2 ) . i think you need to have half life 2 installed though . pretty much the same for me . i ' ve never been completly shitfaced , so i don't know how i would act then , but the above quote describes me well when i am moderately drunk . all generalizations are false , including this one . - mark twain i didn't know any mark twain quotations , so i had to google for one . before sunrise and before sunset are among my favourite movies as well , and i had no idea a third one is coming out . holy shit . now i have to refrain myself from reading the plot or any other ... - 3 c , some clouds , moderate amount of snow . i actually felt warm outside earlier . violent people cause violence , not video games . if i get bored of a person , then i probably wasn't very interested in them in the first place . i get bored quickly of activities , hobbies etc , but haven't noticed it with people , unless the person ... i function better under the influence of alcohol . i get slightly more extroverted and honest about things . i have never been completely and utterly drunk , so i don't know how i would behave then , ... i think i could , in theory , be a good songwriter , but , alas , i don't know how to play any instrument , so my ideas will remain stuck in my head . i have played planetside 2 a lot recently , which is an mmofps . i started playing the witcher a few days ago . it's a shame my computer can't handle the witcher 2 . i believe whether you are religious or not mainly depends on your surroundings , and less on your type . a lot of americans are religious , because that's how they were raised to be . i live in estonia ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVwDuhNACTE in my opinion , one of the greatest pieces of music to exist . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KMpZaEF6g0 i quite like fps's , even though i'm not very good at them . i've played planetside 2 beta for two months . the beta ended yesterday and the game will be released on 20th . if you are into fps's , i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS_ux2H473I i see a grey ( gray ? ) shirt and some movement . and a laptop nearby , which is connected to a cooling pad , which is connected to an external soundcard , which is connected to my headphones , from which i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1YsFgDaEeo i'm in tallinn , estonia . about to make some coffee ... i have never done well academically , but i never actualy tried to get good grades . in middle-school and high-school the only subject i was good at was english ( not my first language ) , because i had a ... i have been alone to the movies a few times , but it has always been more enjoyable to go with someone else . nowadays they tend to be a bit too expensive , so my laptop is my cinema . i've always been careful with money . i only borrow some if i know i can pay it back within a certain period . when i was young , i was the best at managing money out of my siblings . and sometimes it ... i do enjoy minecraft occasionally . i haven't played multiplayer much , because i haven't found a server where i felt at home . i guess a password protected server with trustworhty players would be ... 16 not too bad i guess . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWa-aMiqQKE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu4fhAY2M1c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukYH43wXOJ8 i'm not entirely sure whether this fits here or not ... imgur : the simple image sharer i don't mind my name . it's not very common . i've only heard of a few people with the same name ( slightly different versions of it are quite common though ) . there is a french cosmetics company with ... love medicine by louise erdrich . whether the themes of this book are of any interest to the reader is a matter of personal opinion , but i believe infp's might enjoy the way they are written .  ... i have always been interested in drums . i own a djembe ( which i can't really play ) and love the sound of tabla . i tend to air drum a lot when listening to music : shocked : we have a course called who or what is a hipster ? in my university . i didn't take it though . when i'm reading something , then it's either silence or some monotone , non-distracting sound ( but only if i can't have complete silence ) . if i'm writing something , then instrumental music works ... i drink both . usually 1-3 cups of coffee a day and sometimes a cup of tea . the thing is though , that when i'm drinking coffee i don't care that much about taste . there is a limit though on how bad ... hate to be a party pooper , but the portrayal of velociraptor in jurassic park was not entirely accurate . the real ones were much smaller and less threatening looking . also , they had feathers . i ... i find reading other people's posts to be far more interesting . than posting . i think i have been a member for over a year ( not sure exactly , will find out after posting this ) , and i haven't even set ... i've never really liked rpg's . there is a multiplayer patch for gta san andreas . i'm an admin on one of the servers there , so i sometimes pop in . frozen synapse is nice . it's a strategy ... the beauty of these songs is in the lyrics . from estonia . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C8PIah6Nvc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CD_H7SzUJA&feature=related ... my friends are important to me . i would not ignore them . if i do ignore someone , i don't consider them a friend . in my opinion , friends are not easy to come by and i intend to keep them around ... i made an anonymous facebook account and messaged her . creepy and stalkerish ? probably . but i eventually told her who i was and she wasn't bothered by the whole facebook thing . we met up a few days ... i would love to have an apartment in the center of a big city . and a house in the countryside , without any neighbours close by ( if i were to go there , i would go there for peace and quiet and ... i'm not much of a book person , so a movie or a conversation . the exact answer would depend on the movie , the person the conversation would be with and my mood . it may seem long , yes , but listen to the whole thing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta2-VXNIhH0 my flickr account :) i took the test several months ago . http://badges.mypersonality.info/badge/0/23/234886.png http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIHPTleCO6U i don't think i'm easy to talk about . i've got a very irregular head . and i'm not anything you think i am anyway - syd barrett '