' exactly , and as an intj , whose se is his inferior function the experience is more appreciated than any other type . my last days of smoking pot , after i came across the typology , i used to write ... couldn't articulate it any better . that's true , but for intjs sensing the physicality is less developed than the other types because se is the inferior function . i can see that is very applicable to me . i totally agree with you , ... i don't think so , thank you very much :) - when you suck at small talk . - when your surrounding physical environment come into a more vivid tangible appearance when you smoke pot , because you remember very well that when you were sober ... people who take shit and don't get pissed off and keep telling me to take it easy and relax piss me off a lot . people who describe themselves or are described as cool and the people who use this ... i find the question somewhat offensive . speaking for myself , as an intj , of course i like hugs and kisses , and i think all intjs do , you know , we're still human . as to when it's appropriate , it ... dr . john becker from the bronx ... to me , it's just like looking into a mirror , but of course without the exaggerations intended for getting audience to laugh :) i absolutely totally agree with that . you simply can't be expecting anything in this context with any level of certainty , however you can take your chances , for nothing's certain . but keep in mind though , the cheap porn-like suggested ... lol whatever you say , but don't give me the cheap porn stuff as a way to replace real novelty in order to defend some stupid notion such as monogamy . peace so i should just take your word for it that what you're suggesting can actually be considered novelty , just because you said so ? this is a pretty shitty try for a rational argument to me , and the ... come on ! you must be kidding ! do you really believe this shit actually works , especially the handcuffs ? ! please tell me , what's so special about monogamy that makes a self proclaimed rational ... only if you take it literally : tongue : you know what , you're absolutely right , i totally agree with you . since i joined this forum i noticed that most of the intj members pride themselves of being intj as if it's a medal of some sort ... it's more convenient for one to stroke oneself : laughing : i know . however the problem with those ' certain people ' is that they know when someone is trying to impress them and that itself doesn't impress them . this is because of the kind of message you ... your point is fair . you're seeking immediate solutions to pressing and alarming issues that need to be addressed quickly . however i agree with monkey fritz , i'm prone to radical solutions , which is ... the only reason i could think of as to why so many non intj chicks in this forum are so eager to meet intj guys is because the attributes and traits the intj guy exhibits make them appear more ... we don't hang out , we rather hang in at home . that's probably why you've never met one . i wasn't talking about you , i was just trying to reason it out with you , but i appreciate your honesty and courage . of course you'd prefer recognition , everybody does , but do you prefer to get ... this makes sense . it really sums up the human predicament ; that our existence is characterized by an infinite number of desires and wants , that constantly demand gratification no matter what and push ... it happened in monterey .. a long time ago .. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrSUvTMVceE very well said :) ) why do you think is that ? is it rooted in a feel of insecurity and need for constant recognition from the outside world ? or to make others feel inferior and inadequate ? i always thought of tips as a way to buy human decency and politeness , especially when the worker is entirely dependent on it for his livelihood , the way things are nowadays . i have a golden rule to go by , never to upset the one who makes or handles your food , and your barber . the first one could slip all sorts of the nasty things into your food without you knowing it nor ... i haven't got the courage of despair yet . you're absolutely right . it's all about perception , no doubt about it . however in my case i perceive the glass as half empty - which is a metaphor for being naturally drawn to see first and foremost ... so no more waxing the good old carrot ? that's a very difficult proposition for a single intj guy in where i live :) in my world , anybody who writes books like this ought to be stabbed to death . to me , it's been a very long while to act this way , not that i'm a stiff person or anything of the sort , but rather it's hard to find someone you like and be uncompromisingly yourself at the same ... i'm still warning you though , if the conditioning process failed , and most probably , if not definitely it would , there's a good chance you'd end up developing neurosis ;) you know what i mean , however since you like both , then it's unnecessary to go through the defining process of 2 contradicting concepts with which you're ok anyway . anyway , good luck with it :) i got my pocket notepad for exactly that very purpose , and since it's the venting of my stream of conscious , i'd like to keep it to myself . thank you very much . i think it depends on the book . sometimes i dismiss buying a book based on the title , because often times you could have an idea if the book in question is worth buy and reading by reading the title , ... you must be warned , we're no picnic ! talking about myself , i honestly try to avoid all unnecessary contact with people , because based on previous experiences it always go bad , including family members , and the reason is that i'm an ... what were you listening to ? i used to fear dying alone in my apartment and that the only way people would know is by the stench coming from my apartment , to which nobody gets any closer anyway , because i'm an asshole , but then ... i have a genuinely morbid psychotic hatred to humanity . here ! happy now ? ! the last days of summer fairouz the last days of summer , and the young lady little by little reached the piazza of ‘ mays erreem ’ and the car broke down the last days of journeys , there ’ s a ... well , who of us - human - hasn't tasted the sourness of failure ? none , ix92m sure . however , the most important thing is not to give up and certainly not to recoil , sap and feel sorry for oneself , cause ... it's always half empty to me , and my answer to those unbearable optimist who like to twist it and accuse me of being negative , is that while it's half full which is true , it's still half empty and ... lol this means i'm not alone in here :) i honestly find all sorts of people annoying , but in general i'm mostly repulsed at all the here and now kind of people , which i find extremely annoying and difficult to communicate with , it's like ... is that an english word ? :) i'm from the political entity that is called saudi arabia . i think monarchy is a form of government that truly belongs to the trash bin of history , as cliché as it may sound , in all its ... well , you can always tell them to buzz off ! sometimes it's of a great benefit to look grim and serious , thus people wouldn't risk approaching you for anything . '