' i'm a great believer in luck . the harder i work , the more luck i have saw this and i just had to share ... redback spider bites man on penis redback spider = black widow spider :) american midwest is definitely on my bucket list ; especially the north . love to experience a proper autumn / fall , and snow etc in winter . for me , it's got a novelty value ! rave = reminding myself just how lucky i am , as i'm hanging out on the beach and saltwater lakes foreshore , on a perfect late summers day ( in support of my boys ' sporting efforts ) . the # 1 beach in ... i hate to say it ; it's a real goanna , and yes , they can get that big and , yes , it probably was on the side of house . mind you , normally , they live in the bush , and don't come into where people live ... you are all insane . truly . in the nicest possible way . i fly a fair bit for work , but , sheeeshh . i don't like it . i do it . sometimes its easier than others , but i never like it . i'm with ... * * off topic warning * * go , all you crazy kats ! and allykat , i'm blaming jcal too ;) ( so far , i've commented twice as i read this thread , on my frustrations with the usa vs uk spelling of ... defining my life ? this ... unfortunately ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt8VYOfr8To rant - holy toledo , batman . 7m white pointer shark was spotted off a local beach . geeez . friends are life savers ; the beach was evacuated . i love the beach ... usually . i might be sticking to ... raspberry , white chocolate and almond trifle x 2 christmas pudding x 2 millions of roasted potatoes ( well , it sure felt like it when i was peeling them all ) . raspberry , white chocolate , and almond ... rant : weather . oh . my . goodness . seriously ? forecast max tomorrow 44c . yep , 111.2 f . this is the 5th day over 40c in a row . this is the hottest day and the hottest nights ever ... and in my part of the world , it's freakin ' hot . really freakin ' hot ... gah ! huge lizard caught on the side of australian house | iflscience you can thank me later ;) more funnies - it's the anger management / egg and cress sandwich episode that cracked me up . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6afnyV8bf8 ps . love those guys ! yes , sorry , i know it's things that make this istj laugh . nevertheless , this makes this enfp laugh especially since it sums up the tj-fp dynamic so very well . especially from 5:44 mark - i still ... gah . just when you thought it was safe to go to the beach . no cookies | the advertiser ps that is an eastern brown snake - 2nd most venomous snake in the world . on a beach , near me . i ... you should've been there . or maybe ... not ! ;) hmmm .. i'd argue that body language should always been seen as a whole and as nuanced subtle language - you look for the constellation of posture ; it's never as simple as the crossed arms =d efensive ... this reminds me of one of the highlights of my life ... i was in an elevator , alone . thank goodness , since i let rip a shockingly stinky fart . it was bad . phew , i thought , i got away with that . ... ah , * hugs * . our childhoods are when and where we learn about ourselves and who we are , for good or bad . be kind to yourself ! in essence , we learn ( and our neurones get wired ) about ourselves as ... * activating pedant mode * mother's what ? what ? aghhh ! ! incorrectly used possessive apostrophe ! * pedant mode appears to be stuck * mbti and personality in particular is not a nice simple ... i got an obliger , although i found answering some of the questions difficult especially if i was thinking of those times i get stuck between fulfilling my own wishes / desires vs my kids ' competing ... nope , it's not a test for autism or aspergers . it's just looking at our preferences of approaching the world :) empathising quotient vs systematising quotient test . this test is based on the idea that , underlying other personality factors , there is an essential orientation ; towards people or towards systems ... yep . ditto . and yep . ditto . :) daisychain i won't get to see you :( but glad to hear you enjoyed it ! i auditioned for the australian masterchef a couple of years ago , and got to the state finals . i didn't make it to the final ... if you think you're so enlightened , go spend a week with your parents . ram dass . and just because i know you like this < ! - - begin template : dbtech_usertag_mention --> @ < span class = highlight > <i> < a href = http://personalitycafe.com/member.php?u=8534 ... http://youtu.be/L7QHgVOsBWc winter wonderland - aussie style :) rave : on a brilliant training course , and enjoying it immensely . rant : missing my family , and i want a cuddle . feeling drained . allykat i think you've summed this up brilliantly :) yep , to my mind , that's the strength of the istj approach to compassion and care ! youngblood 41 , yes , i understand the need for empathy and compassion for folks in trauma ; that certainly helps . nevertheless , i'd ask you about the supposed part . establishing rapport is not ... ok , i'm not going to talk about life as an istj in a people-focused / compassion type occupation :) i am going to offer a comment as a feely-type , and reflections from a career in a people-focused ... thank goodness , not personally :) yep , it's true ; in southern nsw state . apparently , its not truly raining rather it's the baby spiders being swept by the wind . millions of baby spiders rain ... have i been in a job that , in all objective measures ( salary , conditions etc ) is really very good , however , i ended up feeling ( as you said ) my soul slipping away ? yep . as good as the job was , and it ... improvisation stumps timid john indefatigably singing through jams ( as in ‘ predicament ’ ) hey , you might be interested in the behemoth of enfp / istj thread in the istj forum http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/7682-istj-enfp-relationships.html you crazy canadians : laughing :: laughin : dear canadians / northern americans , please don't laugh too hard ; this is our cold winter snap and the media response : cold front to see temperatures plummet in south-eastern states ; blizzards ... having to have a big long think about what work i'm doing and why i hated it , then figuring out what it is that i did want to do , and then finding a new position ; i hear you ! i just started a new ... in all honesty , i have no idea . and to be honest , it doesn't actually make much difference in the long run . i use everything and everyway of learning that i can . see above . frankly , it's ... awwee ... * hug * :) https://youtu.be/473KIeo_Xv0 http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/218130-can-istjs-troll.html hmmm ... i'm not sure ;) if you are actually after some advice or suggestions ... you can graciously thank you boss for paraphrasing and supporting your points , once your boss has stopped to draw breathe . for example ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EADGMYpUa6I who said ventriloquisms is dead ? hilarious ! :) 339850 lolz i saw this and thought of you :) bawhahaha i love the subtle differences in local slang . it can make life very funny . for example , the meaning of rooting in australian slang is nothing like the usual american meaning of ... depends on the suburb :) those the city edges , yes , it's not unusual . canberra ( the australian capital ) has lots and lots of kangaroos in suburbs because there are lots and lots of national parks ... younger : stew silently , and glare at them . i didn't say anything . now i'm old and far grumpier : i tend to say excuse me , i was here . '