' perhaps someone already mentioned this , but keirsey himself made the same link between the temperaments and the seasons . even making the same matches for the same reasons you did . it's in the book ... for the advancement of science , please vote and explain your answer . accidentally made this thread . delete please ! so the division is as follows , that out of the intjs about 63 % is male and 37 % is female . interesting . certainly a very different number than you'd expect . ofcourse this could also just mean that ... bah ... no-one's taking my poll seriously ... come on people , it's for the sake of science ... science i tell you ! ! * weeps in a little voice * i apologize on behalf of all intjs . : sad : maybe try to develop your fi ? fi is all about having values and fostering them . perhaps when you are more certain about the things you find important in life , you'll gain more confidence . the ideas ... according to keirsey , intjs are the most confident type . and he argues along the following line - intjs can determine quite accurately what they know and what they don't know , and what they can and ... sad but true . hey , i didn't imply the world would be off for the worse ... we're behind the scenes , watching you ... that's right , we still have the entps to take care of the necessary trolling . this behavior must be the source of the unusually high number of female spottings here ... what's really going on in this place ? ? lol . you intps should be thankful that we're around . we may be jerks , but consequently you look nice in comparison . cherish your intjs ! : tongue : that's true , but i think we'll get pretty close to the truth this way . i don't think there's a huge difference between online and real life when it comes to gender distribution . * inhales cotton puff * * chokes to death * damn you ... aargh ! it's supposed to be 4 males to every 1 female , or so they say ... but let's find out for real ! it's very suspicious ... there are supposed be much more males than females in our species , but looking at the numbers here makes one believe otherwise . not that you're not welcome though , girls ... that's irrelevant . i want to know what happens to the rest of the world .  ... actually , looking from behind a curtain to see what happens : kitteh : didn't that already happen ? i snapped my fingers and all intjs just disappeared ? i symphatize with you . you're doing it on purpose ! murderer ! ! heh ... you people are pure souls ... you mention all these traits that you consider ' ' bad ' ' but are mostly harmful only to yourself ... and you feel guilty when other people are affected by your ... yes ! yes ! show it to me ! this terrible secret ... it must be uncovered ! ! profiles of the nfs tend to be , in my experience , very , very positive . for example , going by keirsey's description of them , one might get the impression that nfs are angels of innocence , always only ... thanks for the comment . i will fix my problem of plurality promptly ! care to elaborate ? hello entj friends . no , the title is not a rhetorical question - i want your input on this to make the difference between our types more clear for myself . so , yeah , what the title says . here's your ... my , i'm surprised to see so many votes going to the intj ... gives me hope ! by the way , is anybody here on gameknot ? my name is ' ' awhiteknight ' ' , for those interested . friendship is nice , friendship is lovely ... we both have colorful avatars , so we can be friends , hahaha ... : tongue : i've been wondering : could certain types be at an advantage at playing chess because of their cognitive functions ? i'm thinking of the intp to be specific . they have : introverted thinking : a ... yes , this is what i mean . i see myself more as an engineer than a scientist . but to answer my own question : i think we should just be called the directors . sounds more boss-like , and i like the ... anna , hallo en goedenavond ! welkom op perc . veel plezier ! :) well , sure , i love all kinds of abstract stuff , and that includes theories of course , but i cannot be motivated to study theoretical matters very deeply without the prospect of real-life applications ... greetings , fellow intjs . the reason i ask this question is because i don't feel that science-y at all ... when i think of scientists , i picture people in white coats spending long , lonely hours in ... are you on youtube ? i'd like to see . : happy : i put in all that effort to type this and you comment only about my avatar ! ! ? ! : tongue : by the way , that is rare footage of an intj in the wild ... you are now under its spell ... : confused : ... i'd say grumpy cat would be a fitting mascot for the intj . captures our general mood quite well i think . :d ry : 56810 that was very helpful . thank you very much for taking the time to answer all my questions . : happy : alright , can someone explain the enneagram to me ? i have to admit that it looks pretty interesting , but i'm highly skeptical towards it . i have some questions : 1 . is there a scientific basis for ... thank you . i mean it sincerely . you have given a reply that is genuinely informative . that's what i like to see . guys , guys , come on , no fighting in my thread . we've got private messages for that . well , a thread like this is just part of my ' ' study ' ' . and i've become a little wiser because of it . and if ... function theory says that your cognitive functions develop as you age . in your case , that would mean ne was the first to develop , followed by ti , and at this moment it seems that your fe is becoming ... contradiction . i don't get it , but that must be because i'm just a newbie . never mind that i've been studying type for years before joining this site . i just wanted to know what people had to say ... oh those silly intj's with their clever comebacks ... : rolleyes : : tongue : that's cool . : happy : do you think your imagination has something to do with strongly developed ne maybe ? i think that's slightly exaggerated . and my library is already perfectly organized , thank you . by the way , i was asking sj's .. ! you don't look like an sj to me ! : tongue : i'd love to believe you , but you'd be more helpful if you could provide examples . i'm pleasantly surprised . is that your own work in your profile pic ? i like it . i find this to be the most agreeable explanation so far . :p roud : of course , there are those who would like to replace ' ' awesomeness ' ' with ' ' evilness ' ' but i prefer the former . interesting to hear about that entp's approach to work . it looks very chaotic and maybe nonsensical from a j's point of view , but it gets the job done . so it seems that the j-type's a-b-c approach ... thank you for sharing this . so ne is not that much of a help when it comes to concentration ? i think it depends on how well you can control it . i'm a ni person , but i find myself regularly drifting ... i'm thinking of writing articles on all the types and their contribution to the world . it depends on whether i receive enough feedback so i can really write something substantial . '