' the need to be alone mostly , and the need to be understood . it's easy , if you want him , chase him . you already denied his desires to be in a relationship with you , so it's normal he's playing hard to get now . if you think the troubles are worth it , go for it , ... i don't make friends : laughing : every friendship i have lasts for a short period of time because i very quickly find myself drained and bored . if i manage to find a few people i like to be around ... like people said here , doorslam if very lucky : exterminate : . with me , i'd probably screw their lives a bit so they wouldn't have the nerve to ever look me in the eye again , but i am a prideful ... i am quite easy to hurt in the feelings department . besides that i lack interest to be social ( as it drains me dry in a few hours ) and i get easily jealous / nervous . i don't know if it is fitting ... i tend to have lucid dreams more than often , and sleeping is one of the best things ever ! for every type actually . for me as far as i can tell , if i have a nice dream i'll feel refreshed and it ... infj's are introverted by nature ( hence the i ) , but yes , i am not a fan of public areas and i don't have a friend group ( i just have individual friends ) , but when i was in one back in highschool , you ... emotions do have their dose of rationality , after all you can ( almost ) always connect how you're feeling to something that caused it . it can be interperted differently ( same situation causes ... depends on the argument , if i am right and the other person denies i'll probably not explode but leave some nasty words behind , one probably will connect the other , at least in my mind they do ... soulspark thanks for your advice , i appreciate it greatly . i got to talk to her yesterday about our relationship ( especially because she's a bit clingy and easily jealous even though she won't admit ... soulspark no , she isn't as far as i know ( and if she was she'd probably tell me ) . that is one thing that in order to convence her , i'd have to imply she needs help , help she nor i can give , and it'd ... that's true , i had self esteem issues and seeing people with them just ... makes no sense in my mind . when i had issues , they made sense to me , once i began working to solve them on the long run , they ... sai i had depression and suffer from mood swings ( for reasons i'd rather not explain ) . yes , a part of me preffers alternative girls , and when i see someone who's going through something similar to ... thanks for your words , and thanks to everyone who replied , you guys are awesome : happy : this thread will cover some relationship issues i've been having recently , i need opinions because i feel like soon enough i'll have another breakdown if this keeps up . long story short , i am a ... phlegmatic definitely , the other three simply piss me off too much . if you think you're broken , then you aren't broken enough . everything's just dust and stars . discover the shape of the person within you , and strive to achieve that inner integrity . ... in my opinion ( not experience ) , you have nothing to lose . due to the distance , if you don't win her over soon someone probably will . if she likes you to a certain degree , she'll accept the ... in need of more food well ... i'll let my favorite bands speak for myself : angels and airwaves plus 44 blink 182 falling up , green day , eminem , there for tomorrow ( i'm in love with waiting tbh : kitteh : ) ... hi there ! no friends ? join me in the friend request : laughing : not any longer , even i know i'm a tad cold and cruel when someone manages to tickle my spine . life goes on , i don't care what others think of me , i simply live my life as i want , pushing the toxic ... for me ... ff xiii , persona 3 , disgaea 4 and just finished mogeko castle ... gf made me play . unless you like having horny pikachu's chasing your skirt ( and having 99 panties to steal : 3 ) don't play it ! ... you kidding , right ? these are the kind of things only you can do , no one else . don't write words down , the words you remember are the ones that are meaningful , practice , practice , ... you perhaps fear that commitment will chain you down . it's just speculation at this juncture , though . do you want to change though ? that's the one matter that's relevant , not the insight in itself . well ... depends on the damage , and how much he , as a person , has been hurt before . i remember the first time i was ever damaged on an emotional level . i probably looked really down , because the ... wow , fredward , you don't go around asking people those questions without buying them steak first : wink : sorry , double post :d ry : i think everyone has a limit for socialization that's different from the rest . i can spend about thirty minutes talking with a group of friends , after that they do the talk : laughing : i get too tired ... all you need to find the right path in life is attitude , everything else comes later . i'd regret ... not treasuring my close friends as i should've . the count of monte christo by alexandre dumas . although you are not quite as vengeful as the lead character of the count of monte christo , you can relate to his plight . all you want is to be ... personality and mbti don't align dot by dot . if you take 100 ( in this case male ) infjs and analyze their personality , there are certain traits that'll diverge . moreover , you have to know if he is an ... well , i'm straight , and i like women , that i can assure you : laughing : i never ; never look for a shallow relationship , no matter how cute a girl is i won't fall for her ( i don't look for one night ... first , it depends on the culture . here my friends have a impudent way of treating each other , however , they are the best friends anyone could wish for ( i'm dead serious : laughing :) . less mannerisms ... if you're climbing a mountain , obviously you are aiming for the top . but let's not forget to enjoy the view . i think what's socially acceptable is meaningless , it is a creation of ours . and so are those barriers you speak of . i can see you are someone introverted , really , really introverted . meeting new ... well , i'm glad i could at least make you laugh , and give some insight on the matter freud honestly , i'm just happy i was of any help : happy : just follow your heart , for as corny as it sounds ... http://afremovart.com/image.php?type=P&id=20079 http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lc4h3mjkNO1qc8dsno1_500.jpg been in my head since 87 ... dem moves : laughing : ... values aren't any good if they aren't strong , at least the core values . talking about them doesn't mean much , it only means anything to the person who has them . this is quite a subjective thread ... maybe some other infj here can answer you objectively in 5 words or less . i'm not of such kind , and your friend is an odd fellow i must say ( please don't punch me to death , my mom would be mad ... i find it amusing when someone thinks they have me figured out honestly , i only show very little of me in social situations and to teachers , so when someone thinks they know all about me , they are ... hi there . welcome on board ! be sure to give the robot a cookie : wink : hey , my posts are really low too : happy : besides , i did not say much . about infj male / infj female relationships ... i'm not sure about it . being the same gender i can imagine them being amazing ... uhh ... the difference between males and females are covered in anotomy class : tongue : but seriously , males by nature aren't as sentimental as females , it has been like that since we lived in ... the fact he knows you noticed it is important because it shows you genuinely care about him ( in our friends list , it adds as an extra star : tongue :) , and when i'm upset and someone notices i find it ... talk about creeping , i had these two girls stalking me for about a year . it was the oddest thing anyone had done to me until now . they'd follow me around school , watch me eat all the way across form ... i have to agree with vinnie , often a person's eyes are all i need to know them . normally when someone's gaze is cold , or uncaring , their eyes will show their confidence while when it's a bit more ... i tend to like an ending that makes sense , happy or not . depends on the story really , i just finished reading a book that had a bitter ending ( the book's name is baltasar and blimunda , if anyone's ... thank you pupazzo :p roud : you are awesome . '