' to be honest , i'm kind of bad with money - - though i don't want to be . like some of the others said on here , i usually spend the money i have - - regardless of what the amount is . sometimes i can ... let's be real : we enfps aren't known for our follow-through on commitments of any kind ( big or small ) . it's not impossible , but sometimes it's tough . it seems like every time we commit to something , ... i was going to vote for an sp as well . my isfp isn't as interested in the abstract / spiritual stuff as i am , but he is always willing to listen and he will participate if prompted , too ( though expect ... i'm going to put in a vote for the isfp ... maybe because i'm in a relationship with one , but i've been attracted to them a lot in the past , too . even if we don't have the same type of ... only three countries ? but i have a month ? well , i would really want to just backpack all over europe , but if i could only go to three countries ... well , maybe i would throw some different continents ... so , i haven't logged into this site in months . but it's funny how things have changed since the last time i posted ... so , up until this summer , i had never been in a real , serious relationship ... if you really want to be with her for real , then you have to give her space . because in reading this , all i can think is that if i were in her situation , i wouldn't trust or believe that you wanted ... haha , no it isn't always a good thing ! in france , direct eye contact and a smile usually means , i'm really into you , so come hither ! so imagine this smiley enfp smiling at everyone ... i tried to ... hmm , not certain if i mirror exactly , but i definitely calibrate my expressions to the environment around me . for example : sometimes i feel so happy , but it seems out of place where i'm at , so i'm ... i tend to dress comfortably , but if i am putting effort into it , usually it's a theme or a mood . i do like things that match , but more than that , i like conveying a certain ... idea or something . i'm ... my dream holiday would be one that never ended ... where i had enough money / resources to go to all the places in the world for as much time as i would like and i could eat lots of wonderful food and ... i want that ... but i think i would be similar to you in that sense ... in having an interesting time adjusting to that , in believing in that ( that someone could accept me and want to help me with my ... can i just say that i love this thread ? :) awesome idea , zeptometer also , it's fascinating to think about how mercurial an enfp's love life can be . my answer to this question changes daily ... hmm , interesting . i'm less like this as i've done a lot of personal growth ( learning to accept others and myself as we are right now ) but as a teen and even into my early 20 ' s , i also had very high ... you know , if you think that you'll always wonder what if .. ? then maybe you should figure out a way to be on that career path you feel you should be on . i'm learning i'm happiest when i am living up ... i don't think dating other men is necessarily about telling him , but i know that us xnfps can get caught up on a possibility so much that we lose focus on everything else and become all about that ... i feel like the fire starter sessions by danielle laporte has changed how i make my goals and just my perspective on day-to-day living . it's helping me figure out the steps i need to take in order to ... not saying that i don't think she is an esfj , but wanted to point out that i am an enfp and whenever i write , i reference the past - - especially when i journal ( which would be similar to the ... sometimes i make lists , but then i just avoid them , haha . what is working for me lately is : yoga , kind self-talk , recorded affirmations occasionally , peaceful / positive music , and keeping my ... i don't hug a lot ( at least for an enfp ) , but i feel like i hold back from hugging people a lot . like even at work with customers , when we resolve an issue , i just want to hug them ! or even ... haha that's brilliant - - introducing yourself through gifs ! ! ! and i want to marry my bed , too . :) i think more than change for change's sake , i like surprises , diversity , variety , and unpredictability . i mean , don't get me wrong - - if i really like something , i will like it hardcore ! i will get ... this is amazing and exactly what i needed to read . wow , what a shift in perspective ! thank you ! i'm going to go ahead and echo the sentiments of everyone else here and say that looks matter some ( meaning physical attraction ) , but personality matters way more . also , i can like pretty quirky ... haha , you were close ... he's about 20 or 21 . but yeah , i definitely suffer from the chronic friend-zone thing . i think i get scared of coming off as too clingy or smothering , so i back off instead of ... two guys that i work with ... we aren't dating but there's chemistry there . one i saw lots of long term potential with , but it turns out he was going on dates with someone else . of course , that's not ... i never really know when people like me and i've never been in love ... so i would have no idea if someone loved me from afar or something . i don't know if it's a thing where the guys who fall for ... so , i read all the time about people having very powerful intuition . but us enfps ? well , it's just like that personalitypage description - - we can intuit the inherent truth of a situation , but make ... also , i wanted to say : have you ever tried listening to affirmations ? on itunes , try searching belleruth naparstek ... she has a great cd with affirmations about self-confidence and it's a great way ... socializing with an estj ? i've had lots of fun , good times , laughs . working with an estj ? i could imagine that it's scary :) my mom's an estj and she believes that work is a place to get things ... i'm trying to think of a time when i would be seen as a follower ... and sometimes , depending on the group and harmony or whatever , i might align myself to certain socially powerful people ... so i can ... for me , i look like an : infp if i'm feeling quieter or in an introspective mood esfp when i am feeling goofier and more outgoing but the most in common ? probably an infp . to be honest , i forget about the nf boards ! i go straight into the specific ones ( primarily enfp ) without remembering that there's one for our temperament . oops ! i know it's hard to believe sometimes that you're worthy and it's hard to think of ever getting to a place where life doesn't always feel like it does right now , but it is possible . and i can only ... currently , my closest friends are : an enfj - - we talk to each other practically everyday , are super-best friends , can tell each other anything , super-intimate . she is a healthy 2 and is super ... esfps are magic at anything physical ! hahah ! i remember being utterly captivated by an esfp on the dance floor ... it was like they were doing everything i wanted my body to do , but way better than i ... to be honest , maybe you are giving out vibes that you are not self-assured . because if you think about it , a bully is going to go for someone they don't think will fight back , someone who is weak ( i ... tell me more about this ... so when you sense someone moving away , you move away , too ? just a little , or do you sort of disappear ? does this happen instantly or is it over time ? is it communication ... i think i am coming to the point where i will use more discretion , too . i thought about this issue a couple of years ago and back then , i didn't want the burden of it . i didn't want to not feel free ... oooh , there are a lot of books that i could say - - i love self-help books ! but the one that really stands out above the rest as i think of it is how to be an adult by david richo . life-changing ... what sorts of boundaries do you have up ? in what ways have people tried to test your boundaries ? ( just curious ! ) i've never been in a situation where information was used publicly , but i suspect that it would be quite like you said . actually , i remember a time in elementary school when a girl tried to make fun ... i remember reading in the personal growth for enfps that we can be too trusting and naive . i definitely relate to what you wrote , especially the part i bolded . i thought that there was no ... i can definitely relate to this ... i can make it so you don't know something is wrong or you don't know what's going on unless i want you to ... but yeah , for the people i trust , they can pick up on ... reading this , i just smiled because it sounds so adorable ! but the others are right - - don't let it go so long without doing anything that she emotionally shuts down because she assumes you're not ... oh , i definitely do that as well - - try to keep my problems in or act like everything is fine because i don't want to bring anyone else down . but i guess , it's more of ... conversation . like a lot ... i pretty much agree with this whole thing except ... if we're having a fun , light-hearted discussion , i'm totally down for that . but i do not like being interrupted if i am stating a serious ... thanks for this ! i've been trying to figure this out myself ... i was pretty sure i was an enfp , but went back and forth . but i think this helps to clarify it for me . * i * do this as well . * i * totally notice it whenever i write . sometimes when i am writing papers for some reason ( school , blog posts , whatever ) , i'll change things around because there are just * i's * ... i like to call myself a bit of a nomad for this reason - - i like change . i don't like too much stability , and yet i crave it in some senses . this is the first time in my adult life that i am actually ... '