' pokemon : these games were my childhood and it'd be fun to have a cute and fluffy partner with me in life ^ ^ persona : so ... basically modern day life ... i think life right now is , honestly , great ... this thread is why i love you guys ... ^ ^ in all seriousness , i actually really love most forms of sausage ( food-type i mean ... i just don't swing that way ) . then again , i usually like any food ... just as everything that begins comes to an end , everything that is born eventually dies . however , the beauty and simple aspect of living , learning , and understanding the world around us makes it ... yep , definitely quite common among us : 3 it just feels so nice to help others . seeing smiles on their faces , the tears in their eyes , the happiness , etc . it's absolutely amazing to help others , ... daaang . i'll try to say what i can with my current psychological studies ( minoring ) . yep , a lot of mental diseases such as add and whatnot are definitely over-diagnosed . there are many ... i will face myself the struggle against the self is one that repeats itself throughout life . each time , it is truly humbling friends don't just sit down and cry with each other , they ... infj , love them so much :D my best friend in the world is an infj and she's amaaazing ^ ^ i was ostracized throughout elementary school and bullied throughout middle school . although i'm empathetic because a lot of bullies were bullied and hurt themselves , it does not excuse it in my ... i had a mean steak egg and cheese this morning . this was literally mind-blowingly amazing . made myself a good cup of tea right afterwards and proceeded to melt into a puddle of happiness as i ... am i loyal to or obsessed with her ? the personality types are guidelines of cognition . even if you are an infp , that says little about who you are . sure , certain ways of cognition will definitely give somebody preferences to ... you're asking me to post good things about myself ... ? um ... : bored : 1 ) loyal . i love sticking with my friends through thick and thin . a lot of the time , people just need a stubborn and solid ... i'm actually quite open around people i like , i think . it's a terrible habit , but i like telling those i like about myself and opening up . sometimes , i can get really embarrassed , but that's if i ... this basically describes my life , but in terms of schoolwork and labs . it's annoying to have to section absolutely everything away and have a single , tiny folder for every little detail in my life ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGk50Nh_2Rw&list=FL2RUq_kHIfVxPM0xo3GXw3w& index = 28 you will never find me D:< * hisss * honestly , you can find us anywhere . if we're not in our rooms , we can be usually be found minding our own business in places ranging from coffee ... well , i am an infp , but i'm quite borderline in everything except for feeling . i still love learning things and exploring . give me a new game with an extensive wiki and i will read the @ % $ # out of ... i can be me , that's something only i can do ;) i love being social , flirting with my friends , and i friggin ' hate reading 95 % of the time sciamachy doing undergrad in chemical engineering here . sure , some things seem completely arbitrary at times , but it just needs to be explained and taught in the right way such that one can understand it . i ... i like you too ! <3 92466 i love you ... <3 : kitteh : there is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you . - maya angelou i remember a pure , vehement hatred i remember shaking its hand and patting its shoulder i remember the dark being lonely because everybody's afraid of it i remember standing for what i know ... chinese ! :D yes , it sounds generic , but i just love it so much . so much variety and different kinds of flavors . besides that , maybe japanese or italian . i have too much asian pride :'D three words : the little prince either a long distance area with sniper rifles , or katanas . i barely have any experience with either , but it just ... feels right ... 1 ) restaurants . strip clubs are kinda out of the question with my mindset and ideals . my family does apartment business , but i don't like it so much so hotels might be okay , but not optimal . that , ... eggsies haha , i'm flattered ^ ^ i have a flat rate of 3 slimjims per hour not including convenience and insurance fees . averoblivious i can understand how you feel . our own insecurity and ... greetings fellow infp brothers and sisters ^ ^ this is probably going to be more a short rant than anything else as these are commonly held values by many people . my words here are inspiration from ... i love you : 3 if i was a furnace , i would make others stronger if i was a blade of grass , i'd bow to the wind and let it pass if i was a wolf , i'd stay loyal if i was a talisman , i'd protect that which is ... prepare your anus ... going in dry . http://media.giphy.com/media/taBYVegUszdO8/giphy.gif i felt kinda smothered by my family while i was at home since my mom has a tendency to helicopter over me . they also like making a bunch of huge plans to go to all sorts of places while i just want ... controlling my emotions and not letting my pipes burst just because people don't message me back as fast as i message them ... it is something that has bugged me for a long time considering how i am ... abc chinese from guangdong http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko4k_Ya4n6w&list=FL2RUq_kHIfVxPM0xo3GXw3w& index = 2 >:D in my opinion , intelligence is a big factor , but beyond a certain point it doesn't do much . all i would expect from a potential lover would be that she be at least decently intelligent . she should ... yukari or rise from the persona series . maybe isabeau from smt 4 they drunk all of your chocolate milk and juice ! ? ! ? ! ? someone ... must ... pay ... in all honesty , i do everything i can to give leeway and understanding to others . if they push me to far though , i ... tjseabury has the greatest beard in the world in all of history ... period . all kidding aside , you're one of those guys who just ... knows himself . many people like me are still searching a lot . ... video game music ... video game music ftw : 3 the alpha version of saber's edge from ffxiii persona 4 reincarnation i'll face myself anything from shadow of the colossus more smt series music :D dd one of my intj friends is really jaded and has always called me weak for being kind , empathetic , and avoiding conflict and confrontation . to me , kindness is strength . it takes a truly strong willed ... music - summer dance | audiojungle :D dd work , procrastination , and misery ; ~ ; my best friend always told me this metaphor when i was going through these situations . she would tell me that love and care for another is like a butterfly . if you try too hard to catch and grab ... i know . my apologies for the sweeping generalization . i know that there are a lot of scientists who take drugs . again , for some including me , it just defies our moral codes because of what drugs ... i don't know about others ... but sometimes i just feel anger towards people . i feel like i cause drama , double back on moral questions i've already answered for myself , and get caught up over the ... i'm into science so you can already probably tell what my stance is ... ( i'm against drug use , but no judgements ) i just would personally never do such things to my body . it goes against my code ... '