' are there any infjs out there who found meaning with a career in nursing ? i have an extremely high level of compassion towards others and i wish i could use it . it's just a bit annoying ... love and ... hello , update here . i still don't have a job . there have been a few interviews where they really liked me , but end up not extending a job offer . i'm concerned my previous employer is slandering my ... graphic design has interested me in the past , but i can't really commit to the field . it's very difficult to find jobs , and i'm simply not in a position where i can go back to school . i know my way ... to be fair , what really kills me is the whole corporate structure . working with all of these people who think they're smarter than you , and you have nothing to offer . the drudgery of the same thing ... hello , i've recently lost me job as a software developer i'm not quite sure where i should go next . i worked there for two years and pretty much spent all of my time maintaining a c # winforms code ... hmmm , a number of factors : 1 . i'm quiet , and it's hard to get a word in with most social groups . 2 . i'm an infj and am different from everyone else . my interests tend to differ from others , ... i get frustrated by the same thing . i don't enjoy hanging out with most people , so i don't get invited back when they see me looking bored . i mostly just sit around at home , alone . i just don't ... true that . you can many deals that are just as lucrative as black friday simply by hopping on amazon . it is rather silly . people only reach out to others when they have something to gain . those with compassion do not exist . people only seek to use others until they are no longer useful to them , and then drop them from ... or by someone who has seen the truth far too many times . love is a lie spread to give people false dreams of hope . youtube series my friend and i are working on . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwjM-UPOzRY&feature=plcp fellow nfs ... i have come to bring you the sad news that this thread is dying ! despite repeated attempts to bring this thread back to life , it seems that this thread has no choice but to die , ... i'm sorry , i can't give you any useful information . i live in the u . s . so the laws are a bit different here . if you're an infj , i can imagine that you're seething with rage . sorry about the ... college and education are insanely innefficient , and are structured to waste our money . fine then , i shall rephrase my statement : on a standard gaussian distribution of this world's population of mindless sheep , religious people are more likely to fall towards the right side of the ... how does one go about getting an infp girlfriend ? they are just so damn cute , and meeting one sets off my need to be there and love them . i wish i could find one , but it seems infps are as scared ... religious people are mindless sheep . when you run around screaming my drill will pierce the heavens after watching the anime gurren laggan . 7:30 am : wake up 8: 15 am : arrive at work ( 15 minutes late ... always ) . i program stuff . 12:00 pm : lunch , and play a game of dominion . 1:00 pm : back to work programming 5:15 pm : leave ... i don't trust people . it takes a very long time ( years ) for me to trust someone , and even then not fully . i've never met a person whom i could fully trust . sucks , but i have good reasons . do you have a goal in life ? the answer should be clear if you have one . but if you don't , perhaps then just living life instead of a 9-5 job is the answer . you'll grow out of it . try to see through the bullshit of a game . it's not real . games trick us into believing that we live in this fantasy world where we can become heroes . it's so real that you ... isn't there anything you can do with legal authorities in situations such as this ? find a new job . i would just tell him to fuck off . but that's me , and i can be a complete dick . i recommend learning some more about atheism before coming out and telling your parents . you want to be able to do it maturely , and i think many people in this situation rush out telling their ... honestly , you should focus on keeping yourself healthy and build a future where you can get away from that . maybe you have some friends you can get an apartment with and you could live with them ? ... greetings infps ! i just wanted to let you all know that you are all freaking amazing . that is all ! ! ! i would buy ... this ! pallet of 500,000 magic : the gathering cards - magic : the gathering lots & bundles - magic : the gathering i would buy a house along with some nice things . and then give the ... i just flat out ... can't deal with sensors . i've always tried , but they always seem to miss the point of something by filling it in with pointless talking . i remember reading papers in college that ... i really need to ask , why do people like paranormal so much ? i found the characters to be 1 - dimensional , the humor to fall flat , and the story just flat out doesn't make sense . i remember reading that as a child and found it intersting , but didn't have the higher level thinking capacities to really relate to it . one litre of tears . an incredibly moving diary from a girl who had a degenerative brain disease . it's from japan , but you might be able to find an english translation around . designing with the mind in mind . it's about gui design from the perspective of psychology . okami is the greatest freaking game ... ever ! why does everyone hate cars so much ? i studied japanese in college on the side . fascinating language , but it's a ton of work . in all honesty , i've heard that it's best to go straight computer science to get into computing . cis is considerred to be the less valuable degree . some employers don't care which degree you have , ... computer science '