' i hate customer service . most of my jobs have been in the field because i'm not trained for anything better . i'll always be polite and i will never get angry with a customer even if they are angry at ... people need to stop trying to convince me to have children by saying children are about selflessness and maturity . i think planning to have children is selfish . the purpose of planning to have ... my best friend is intp ( at least i think she is , but i'm not totally confident in my typing ability ) . we have a common interest in music ( and also drinking hah ) . sometimes we fight ( read : sulk ... i was good at math , after i got past the social idea that girls aren't good at math . then i got to trigonometry and failed a lot . =( it has helped me to write down my fears , and then to pretend that i am my own completely non-judgmental and understanding best friend and write down what this friend would say to my fears . for ... adorable : all the time . i can see why , as i am in my early 20s but look like i'm about 14 , and i tend to be energetic and smiley a lot . sometimes this is good in social settings , as people feel ... i don't think it's a lack of motivation , actually . i have plenty of motivation , just not for anything that will make money . ^ ^ i have endless motivation for things like creative arts , helping people , ... i like drinking . i'm a lightweight , so i only need like 2 drinks to be pleasantly happy and unstable . this is good because i don't have to spend as much money as everyone else . i will then proceed to ... i'm not sure i'm getting all of your meaning right , but ... that seems like a good comparison . i wouldn't really know , because though i think mbti is interesting i haven't intensely studied the ... you totally just described me . i just graduated college and people still think i'm 14 or so . and everyone always says , you'll be thankful when you're older . hate that . i think it may be a ... i have trouble making friends , too . but i don't think there's really anything different about how anyone does it . you just have to go out and do things with other people . preferably things that ... hi ! ! ! i'm pretty new here too , but i just wanted to say , whatever lipstick is in your avatar , i want it . ^ ^ welcome and see you around ! depends how much money you want to make from it . if other people happen to like the same kinds of things you like , you're lucky . if you're charles ives , you sell insurance . ( for the record i do like ... i have no problem with electronic music , in fact i compose with electronics myself . i just think it's sad that in the free market companies will likely choose to use a synthesizer instead of a real ... that reminds me of another problem : though this music will probably have a place in media for a long time , the people that produce it generally favor electronic sounds instead of live musicians . ... true , despite the fact that there's practically no money in the profession unless you're insanely talented , music programs in college are still full of students . where i am , most of them are doing ... i probably shouldn't be talking , because i'm one of those arts majors who is currently jobless and sad . but near the end of the semester last year one of my classes had a discussion about why people ... i agree , i don't think it will ever really die . actually , classical music is kind of a problem term for me . i got a degree in music , and to me classical music means stuff that was composed in ... my best friend is intp . we are room mates , and shared introversion works out well because we don't fight about having huge parties or anything . we share an interest / major in music , which i usually ... i can't really make a judgment about whether he's evading you or actually really busy , because this is the internet and all . have you tried telling him that you are frustrated ? if he avoids talking ... i play flute ! i used to have piano lessons , and they made me take class piano in school , but i still am not that good at it . ironic that i experiment with a bunch of random other flute-like ... i think seeing each other two times a week is perfectly acceptable for a relationship that is only several weeks old . however , if you constantly feel like you are in second place to family or ... among things that others have said about compatibility , i'm looking for someone who doesn't take my loyalty for granted . lately i've been in relationships where i feel like i'm the one who is more ... i don't really recommend that either ... some women get away with marrying into money , but what if you fall in love with someone who makes less money ? what if it doesn't work out and you have to ... i'm in arizona right now , and i'm studying performance and composition . i play flute . i have a flute instead of a car , as it's very expensive instrument . i am hoping to move to california for next ... i do try to be happy . thank you ! i definitely need validation as i am very concerned with what people think of me . not for everything , but especially if i have to present something i have created . it's always my worst fear that ... greetings ! i'm graduate student with a bachelor's in music , and when school begins in the fall i will be studying more of the same . i'm here because , like everyone else , i think this personality ... '