' that's an opinion , not a fact . that being said , i believe in the inherent right of everyone to be as big of an asshole as they want as long as they don't infringe on the rights of others to do the ... given how much i relate to everything you said in your post , you sound like a strong candidate for infp to me : cool : welcome to perc ! ! ! do you ... talk / laugh at your talking / sing loudly when you ... yes you are geniuses , athletes , wildly attractive with genitals at least five times the size of the average of those of other types . you can do anything you want with little to no effort involved . ... ughh that is so messed up that you got fired for that . for me , i have been very outgoing at certain times in my life ( people who met me at these times would definitely assume i was extraverted ) and ... everything about what you just wrote screams infp . haha i am halfway through writing my speech on this topic as i'm reading this . locking people in cages is not the most effective way of dealing with the issue . yep . i look back at all of my best friendships / relationships in the past ( before i knew about mbti ) and they were all n's of some kind or another . haha that would be a fun time for me too . i'm a big fan of debates , especially when it comes to me winning them . and thanks for the last part ... i never really thought about that but yeah i may ... if you had to give a persuasive speech that was supposed to be controversial ( but not so controversial that nobody listens ) what would it be on ? the fact that you even wrote this post , used the phrase how vague ! , and this ... i love joking and gossiping - in terms of more serious stuff i love to talk about the arts , music , ... that's a tough question . ummm idk maybe because i just don't see the use in it unless it's important . or i look at it , say to myself , i'll text them back later , then later rolls around ... i ignore almost every letter , text , email , etc . that i receive . just sayin . phone calls / face to face is about the only way to get a response out of me unless you are a close friend / close family . i'm addicted to cigarettes hard . i occasionally smoke weed , rarely drink , have done salvia once , and plan on doing shrooms in the near future . never tried or never will try opiates or coke or ... 67356 this is imagine dragon , bitch , which i made on my laptop last week when i should have been studying . we must include one estj in the revolution , if only to keep us from procrastinating . seriously though , i would be so down for a revolution . let's do it . a new manager where i work , who i suspect is intj , has been very quiet but made sure to let us know when he started opening up that he was sarcastic . i haven't heard him say anything that was rude ... i see ni and fe . i see this in his alone time with padme , especially the scene on the balcony . my best friend in hs was a male infj ( a rare breed , i know ) and they actually have similar ... ughh , i edited too slowly lol i have heard somewhere ( i don't remember where ) that george lucas was familiar with jung and supposedly for the first set of movies it was to be luke - isfp vs . his shadow , darth vader - entj . ... about string theory : if string theory is correct , from my understanding of it , the whole concept of time is a purely 3rd / 4th dimensional construct . as in , we are 3rd dimensional entities ... you pretty much put into words my exact thoughts on this stuff . the truth may not necessarily be pretty or warm and fuzzy . or maybe it is , i don't know , but many people tend to be drawn in by that ... lately i've been into the ideas of terence mckenna . while he was definitely wrong about some things , i think he hit the nail on the head with some . i've never done any psychadelics ( unless you ... dude awesome i've been looking for these books online for a while , since i'm too broke to buy them : cool : . i think i take it hard sometimes and sometimes i brush it off . if it's somebody that i care about , or if i am invested into the outcome of the situation in some way , i might take it hard but i get ... so , i'm putting this in the infp forum ... well , because i want other infp perspectives on what i'm going to say . this is kinda long . i know this might border on typism but i think it's necessary to ... i've heard a very good metaphor which i think adequately describes the difference between ni and ne . since the intuitive function in general is concerned with ideas or abstractions , the metaphor is ... yes i believe that ti is like fi in this way . it creates a value system or a set of internal rules based on what seems logical to it rather than fi which is based on value judgements , or how it ... i agree that we must save ourselves from ourselves before we can try to enact positive change outside of ourselves . yes , we are from nature , and in a way , this desire to help mankind may in fact be ... don't worry i love a good argument : cool : i agree with nearly everything you said except for about ne . what you say might be part of it , although from my own experience i spend much less time ... yes ruthless was most certainly too strong a word for this . cold and calculating is a good fit . i can only speak for myself , and maybe fi users in general , but if i am ' guilt-tripping ' ... thanks for that . it's reassuring to know that i'm not the only one with similar thoughts to these that brood over every couple weeks or so . on the other hand , it's not something that i would wish ... yes , i see what you are saying . i , myself , am a competitive person . the difference is ( this may come close to typism , but it is from my personal observations ) that thinking types , in general , seem ... ooh ! ooh ! tell me how wrong ( or right : cool :) i am about my theory ! ignore the rest of the thread though , for it has turned into a raging battle over the right to free speech . ... without estj's , who would be my boss at every place i work ? and tell me that the bottom of the sandwhich is where the top should go , even though we're working with sliced bread and every slice is ... clearly you believe that you should be the dictator of thoughts and words in this world . i don't appreciate you telling me that i support racism , because obviously i don't . i never have , and never ... i will . because they do . i am not the thought police . i can't tell people what and how to think . i can peacefully pursuade them that they are wrong ( as all forms of racism are ) , but i do not ... yeah the kkk should have every right that every other organization has . there are laws against murder , rape , etc . if you get offended by kkk signs then that's your problem . yeah the kkk are a ... i view eating cheese as a sensual experience . i feel the cheese and it feels me . the cheese and i become one living unit , reading eachother's souls as it passes down my esophagus into my stomach . ... yeah i agree with what you say about being offended . to be offended , imo , is to be insecure about one's own self , beliefs , etc . but i do empathize with it . the problem is , if my life worked out the ... impatient was not the right word . as long as i make sure to explain that it is purely an abstraction or theory she is perfectly fine and understanding . if i don't properly explain that , she ... sociopaths : shocked : i live with an esfj and we seem to have similar problems . i don't talk to him about things because whenever i do , he just explodes . my mom seems to be better at communicating with him , because ... explain what you mean by saying that i am letting my feelings be the precursor for my judging , please . explain how i am looking like my shadow , estj , please . i think you may have ... dude some of my favorite people of all time are entp's ( or at least i believe they are ) . bill hicks and joe rogan , my two favorite comedians are , i believe , entp's ( some think that bill is enfp . i ... well i'm glad you got something out of it . : cool : i think , if we were to get really specific about it , enneagram type might come into affect as well . most infp's tend to be type 4 ' s , with some ... hello , i'm pretty new to perc as well . i'm also 21 and in college . this theme of infj's being infatuated with entp's keeps popping up lol . it's like they're just drawn to eachother ( my mom and ... yes i think one of the biggest things she doesn't understand when we talk is that many times i am speaking about things in a purely abstract way ... as in i am speaking about the idea of something ... yes i agree . we should be able to admit to both our strengths and weaknesses , although we should not use our weaknesses as excuses , but rather attempt to strengthen them . i'm curious ( getting way ... my mother is an infj . she will also answer questions without actually answering the question . frustration ensues ... love her to death though :p roud : can you give an example of ni stuff that an infp would deny ? '