' actually , intelligence and happiness are linked . https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/significant-results/201410/the-surprising-connection-between-intelligence-and-happiness intelligent people ... the notion that esfj's are unintelligent is borne out of rampant ignorance . most people have ( by definition ) average intelligence and are in no position whatsoever to judge what high intelligence ... actually , i wasn't talking about active and passive roles in flirtatious exchanges ( or similar activities ) . maybe you can experiment with your own platonic / romantic paradigms . a game of sorts , which is really what interpersonal relations are . predictability implies that you understand basic social ... not a female , but i can almost relate . in fact , this about describes my current outlook on romance . for me , there seems to be hope that it is a passing phase since lately i rarely ( but ... i skimmed the first time through ... then realized after i posted , but didn't feel like deleting . and , yeah - i saw my first white castle as an adult . it's a pity . what if i told you ... neither do some entire regions in the u . s . shocking , i know . : tongue : military personnel answer phone calls with [ greeting ] , ma'am or sir . usually the person on the other end says something conversational , with their voice indicating sex . in real life , something like ... i just wanted to show that you are likely mistaken in your undervaluing assessment of your intelligence . no , it doesn't . contrary to what you've been told , level of intelligence can be raised ... absolutely . as others have advised , i would be tactful and do the utmost to factor out any personal vendettas . i would not , however , lie or bother to conceal the fact that her mother is lying .  ... you know , often what you don't know is the only thing that can hurt you . the test designer and maintainer , through private email to an online acquaintance , communicated that ( because of the test's ... there are many reasons . some would take tomes of explanation , but one most fundamental problem is the dunning-kruger effect . most earnestly believe that intelligence is negligible because they ... i thought about this yesterday too , but didn't want to infuse my intp nitpicking when i understood what the op meant . somewhat tangential , i was reading through a bunch of goethe quotes yesterday , and noted to myself that a surprisingly high number of them pertained to doing vs . thinking : knowing is not ... 42 . the answer is 42 . edit : perc erroneously double-posted my # 6 comment . can you sum up why kiersey rejects the notion of intelligence as cognitive ability ? i do as well , but quite possibly ( if what i understand so far from the above excerpts is any indication ) for ... i believe both of you are right . i believe stunnedfox is emphasizing a perfect imitation in language , which is inherently non-sensical , but by definition wouldn't differ at all . and sequence ( in ... the order produced from chaos is just a rearrangement of chaos into a different chaos , and vice versa ( i . e . , order to different order ) . for instance , decentralization of authority of some entity ... possibly . and i rarely laugh so hard at comments i read online , but i laughed profusely at this . i'm glad that mine did the same . you do realize occam's razor is figurative , right ? or should someone lecture you on some more basic stuff ? try here : occam's razor - wikipedia , the free ... what's worse is not just that he is apparently a scientistic myrmidon , but that he is a dumb and presumptuous one too ... unless he knows for certain that the presumed non-scientists and ... maybe we should revisit this one after resolving below its concomitant issues . well , further discussion on this section is , too , contingent upon an acceptance of quine's argument , or any ... i've been in the unfortunate position of trying to explain the pervasive consequences of some ostensibly doctrinaire philosophical idea , only for it to fall on deaf ears . all things considered , ... i know . it is , however , somewhat ambiguous . kind of an all thumbs are fingers but not all fingers are thumbs sort of deal . the assertion that non-empirical inquiry is justified , in its most ... yes , i do . we'd have to be more specific . accepting that conclusion seems to justify * at least some * non-empirical inquiry . from this reasoning alone , and not necessarily other means , one ... yes , go study the duhem-quine thesis . pure empiricism is almost as absurd a fantasy as pure rationalism . no matter how long we study reality , there will always be a certain open-endedness without ... i think there has been a huge miscommunication . i never suggested there was an order of gravity between lies . quite the contrary , i inexhaustively grouped all lies of the variety you've mentioned , ... if i may butt in , i think you are both right . manipulation is something we all do constantly . human communication of all kinds , for example , is manipulation of thought . on the other hand , i ... and from what i understand , this is more of an issue of respect for personal boundaries . my opinion is that should be a more pressing area for discussion since , if a long-term relationship is ... i agree . there isn't nearly enough data ( to my knowledge ) to maintain anything conclusive about a perfectly ( or maximally ) optimal human diet . off-subject : any rhyme or reason to that particular list of exclusions ? if they're really advanced , they might have about as much interest in us as we have in a run-of-the-mill ant colony . there's really only so much i could expect out of flick , the ant , as a slave , so ... entj . i figured socrates would be entp-ish . the same ti-centric style of thinking , but in an extroverted personality . my now-estranged wife ( who is an infp ) used to have the same issue of becoming overwhelmed in our personal debates . she was quite smart , but had trouble gathering and articulating her thoughts in the ... your professor just single-handedly debunked the grounds for evolution theory . she should be proud . @ op question : yes , it's hard to do both at the same time ! often . especially if i think it will improve the quality of their life by kindly * suggesting * an alternative . i think most people have a limit . to illustrate what i mean by limit , if we could ... someone taught me how to dougie , and i learned it . be a philosopher minus the dogma . many of the world's great religions weren't founded by religionists ; they were founded by philosophers who , on the search for truth , found something of assumed ... i think this is a matter of level of emotional intelligence , of which i haven't noticed , strictly from personal experience , any one type having a clear plurality . i've seen emotionally reactive ... i think neuroscience has thoroughly inculcated the belief that we are only high-functioning automatons , and i wholeheartedly disagree with this notion . it would take a lot of explaining to delve ... while i don't want to downplay the importance of intelligence , i totally agree with the gist of what you wrote about the folly of comparing intelligence for autotelic purposes . it's like ... hello , again . i had social anxiety as a child so severe that i used to derealize . i was prescribed an ssri as a teenager , which i only took for a few weeks before quitting due to concerns of ... barnett uses a personalized mnemonic system for numbers much like those of classical mnemonics . most people can memorize high volumes of information quickly in that way . you understand my post is directed to you , so why does it matter ? because you made a potentially specious claim . either you can support it or you can't . in either event , that should be noted . why do you consider i . q . tests pseudo-scientific ? do you have any real scientific research to back that claim ? it is my understanding that , despite ubiquitous and usually ill-founded criticism , ... i have a theory about where that fits into the scheme of things which would be too lengthy to share . but the most glaring problem with defining intelligence in any of those ways is that they are ... '