' i'm going to win this . this sounds exactly like me ... except how you delivered this post . i hate bold . the fact that you are conscious of lack of organization could be indicative of a sensing type . i'm not sure if this is how things are but this is how it feels sometimes . wondering if anyone can relate ... basically i've got this half of myself that can feel and love and connects feelings to ... i would say istp definitely ... > when it comes to solving a problem , i care more about it actually being solved than how to solve it > i see deadlines as absolute and always make sure i do something by or before the deadline to do ... logic is relative tho : | lmfao no . why would i want to do this ? it's easy pleasure any time you want : 0 it feels good , why stop ? i sometimes drink 2 litres of milk a day . is this bad ? sexual pleasure has more to do with thought than anything else . sensing takes things literally , intuitive can imagine more and come up with more stuff :D anyways , more thought = more sexual ... 8/ 10 made me laugh . i'm willing to bet any amount of money that if every time you were told something about god in your life , it was replaced with a pebble , then you did the same thing with the pebble as you did with ... imo religion is disgusting . it's a self-replicating parasite that brainwashes people at a young age . you could literally convince anyone of anything if you did it the same way you convinced people ... hm . i find i'm completely the opposite : 0 i think about sex all the time , fap all the time , and kind of find it hard not to cause it's so easy for the amount of pleasure involved : 0 also i can ... to be blunt about it ... http://puu.sh/7yJWc.jpg aha still no one votes no . favourite hero would have to be phantom assassin . that pure base damage is so useful , the ability to basically out-carry anyone late-game , with a stupid about of base damage , built-in overpower , ... super mario 64 descent 1 . sub culture . joust . buck bumble . pilot wings . ray-man . crash bandicoot . mario kart . hm . runescape was 1999 ;D well , i guess that's true . i was talking more about how any combo is beatable . like how na ` vi pulled out of the naga siren darkseer combo that iforgetwhodidit pulled out using juggernaught , and ... every time i play a multiplayer game . i swear teammates just sit and look at enemies when the enemy is shooting you . > intensely . i started playing dota last november :| i have 730 hours logged on steam ... also you can beat anything with literally anything , dota is decided upon which team makes the most mistakes . when i say i don't judge others i mean i don't care about your preferences or capabilities or morality , people are people . i see everything as being relative . i've basically decided i'm intp by now , ... scams . i despise scams in every way shape and form . well , yeah it's basically the same for me except like , i'll get 10-15 k words into a story and get bored . if i'm writing a 3 hour philosophy test though , i'll be the first done ( in half an hour ) , and ... http://puu.sh/7yu9m.jpg i draw lots of stuff , though it started out as being fueled by my sexual desires when i was younger and had more hormones : 0 ( can you tell ? ) 0 / also almost all of ... i know i have this stupid - crazy obsession with isfp's and their annoying seemingly natural ability to just shit out simply ballistically amazing artwork from sheer talent , but i've never met an istp ... my ideal life would be this one while being turned into some kind of immortal superhuman that could go for months without the simple needs of human bodies , like food and water and air . perhaps having ... > intp forum . you're not going to find a single no i think :| unless someone was trolling but then it's not going to be an intp : | imo getting a degree in psychology would be a stupid amount of work to do - with all of the research on things that people have already done and the thousands of pages of stuff you'll have to write ... yeah i find that i can only have 1-2 obsessions at once , but like many of them overall , i just switch between them every 2 weeks or so . > 136 iq . is that gifted : 0 it's not really that gifted imo , cause i got tested and my brain literally processes things at like 20-25 % of the speed that the average person does . something to do ... dot damage in dota is extremely important for strategy and setting things up . if it's pre-level - 6 and both enemies are at half health because of dot damage , you can easily run in and demolish both of ... hm . i guess it's possible , i just ... think a lot , and i can completely put aside my feelings when i need to , but they are still there ... actually i don't think i fit in with the j at all though . ... hhh . funny cause i love hard carries . like , kind of . i like playing axe , pa , crystal maiden ( probably the best support hero on dota 2 ) , slark , sven , etc ~ when i play axe i play stupid aggressive , ... i can never find the motivation to write tbh : c [ edit ]: moderator please move this to the intp forum : 0 i messed up xd well ? i have 90 ~ digits memorized , i memorized about 65 of them when i was 13 in a single night when i learned it was a ... yeah this sums me up better than my post : | gold league is a league of legends thing : | payment scheme ? is it pay to play ? also i play dota with these controls : wasd for movement 1234 for skills ( 56 for extra skills ) i never bother with control groups , and i never move the ... so i'm thinking that toxoplasmosis is the cause of most depression because maybe it attacks the part of the brain that effects your body when you feel pain ( like , without the damage or stinging that ... just find a free ebook version somewhere ( illegal ? pffft you can probably get it at the local library who cares : 0 ... ) convert it to kindle format , upload to ur kindle c : hey there ;D i hate what these people say about this guy and why they say it > does the same thing i can't tell if you're mocking them on purpose or you don't actually realize you did the exact same thing that ... isn't this turning into a you know you're an intp when thread ... if you do , add me . i'm nyxeka on both steam and second life : 0 though , i think there's a few nyxeka's , so search for nikkesa.resident i find that intp's seem to be really really good at dota ... i think i have a new fetish : | negative is relative . did you make that stuff or did you just find random images off of the internet that have to do with the stuff in this thread : 0 did you make that building in second life ? reading . gaming . diagnosed with adhd at the age of 6 . it's less adhd and more a constant state of demotivation but whatever the drugs did and do what they are supposed to so i just stick with it . i probably just ... '