' 59725 a new camrea and a new shot . hope this time people will share their creativity : happy :: happy : i'm from mannheim ( near heidelberg ) in germany 50180 one of my favourite selfshots :) its great to see all the amazing people , keep posting most of my freind 90 % are female , i think its because i need deeper a conncection , which i can't or don't want to have with a man i wish you a lot of fun , next time i will be their too . well , this month i won't have any time on the weekend , but next month i will have 2-3 weeks of vacation . it would be nice to meet the others , but my bank account told me that he can't let me go - . - i confess that i was energized by having a great evening at a local bar with about 10 people , which 9 of them never met before . it's quite disturbing when you behave like an e when your an i it could be a story , a poem or something else . i'm sure you have a creative hobby post your creative works ( e . g . songs , pictures , videos and so on ) it would be great to see some other infj art : laughing : i will start , with a hugging squid ... a little explanation about what a re-energizing infj moment is : i describe all action that will give you energy as an re-energizing infj moment , like build your own world in your head , hobbys and ... most of the rapist and child rapists are sex offender . a drive can't be changed by harder penalties . hunger , sex drive and so . are not working in our conscious , we can try to control our drives , but ... the question is not how many of them have chosen their life out of genuine pleasure ? , because you can make an job for the money . even you don't like the job , you can do it , if you can get along ... take a look at the bdsm scene . would you say that the women who enjoy bdsm ( like flogging , spanking , humilating and so on ) had a bad past ? sure , because its didn't fit with your expectations of a ... a ) their are 3 kinds of prostitution . a1 ) forced by someone a2 ) forced by being poor a3 ) and just for fun a1 ) is the worst and is illegal , their is no excuse and the person behind should be ... their is a problem , with the sex drive . it's hard to satisfy your sex drive , if you get energy with a wrong wave length . well , their is some kind of satisfaction , but not what you as an infj need . ... it's not really dominant , its more like a background noise . it's like the phrase it's on the tip of my tongue , you know that their is something in your subconscious , but you don't have acces to it ... in germany you won't find any of the abstinence education in our normal schools . we're open minded and have a good open and scientific correct education . it's important to talk about this topic ... it's a 10 because sex is about getting one with your partner . it's like an spiritual enlightment , so intense feelings , so much love and being so close as possible . i need it , because it touches my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2xoO_tU7HI&feature=related leftie and type :) it is exactly like ronnie wrote it and its kinda weird skund is word from a terry pratchet book and it means your finger you fool . i like it , because it express something that barley someone knows :D i live together with my girlfriend , and i have just some places which are my own . their is my desk , pc and the cooking corner . never , ever touch and change these places , i will get very agressive ... i'm very good at lying , but i only use it for entertainment situation ( e . g . : telling a story etc . ) not for my own benfeit . another important aspect is : it's not only about lying , its most of telling ... no , no one understand me and it can be hard especillay when you're in a 5year old relationship i have just a rough plan what i want to cook . i go to the supermarket , take what i need and play god back home :D i analyse recipes and learn the characteristics , then i start to cook and modify ... my birthday is on a 13feb ... so many 13s here oo another picture , it's one of my favourite :) http://fc05.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/079/9/5/me_sund_by_gefallnerengel-d3c1rb4.jpg i call it : work rage the world can die and i will still work . well , it has his advantages , you learn very fast and get done things very fast . but : you often forget about time , so you go far too ... maybe this song : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4LL_vdj-VM&feature=related http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2011/074/0/9/me_by_gefallnerengel-d3bp3u5.jpg as an introvert , it wouldn't be an easy games the process of creating something new , especially when it is combined with learning new stuff . at the moment , i combine crafting and electrical engineering . crafting for the body and electrical ... the search will take days , it was the biggest earthquake in japan ever happend ( since messeauring it ) . and it will take days before they will really know what has been destroyed , how many died an so ... creating something new by cooking , crafting and so on this is not unusal . they often fail class and have bad marks , genius need challenge otherwise they become rebbelious it kinda fits , especially when you're very moody http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N3N1MlvVc4 it depends on my mood , but i like it both , especially green tea pork fillet marinaded in mustard , olive oil , vinegard , garlic , onions with spätzle and cream sauce yummy :) yeah , i've got one , because i make logos and co :) http://gefallnerengel.deviantart.com/gallery/ their is another interesting aspect : social networks flatters all the different layers we show to different people , to one single layer . eventually we show certain friends more of us as we really ... i'm more an perfectionist . every time i create something ( cooking , crafting , desgining and so on ) i try to learn more and make it so perfect as possible . it's an comeption with myself my girlfriend is an istj and i'm an infj and we are confronted with the same problem . we're about 5 years together and i have learned to handle her way to deal with problems logicaly , sadly she's ... uhhm , i'm left-handed too , maybe we should start a poll for it :P one of the best poems i've ever read : happy : aedh wishes for the cloths of heaven had i the heavens ' embroidered cloths , enwrought with golden and silver light , the blue and the dim and the ... a predisposition ist just a chance , like talent , it can evolve or just shrink . ok , i don't think their is already an answer outthere , but it would be still interesting how predisposition could ... ok , change my question to : is their a predisposition for developing a specific type and if so , can it influence our look ? e . g . : their are predisposition for becoming an addict and other ... another good question is if infjs are androgynous . i'm a bit androgynous i think most of the infj characteristics are just not manly . '