i really wanted to own a kindle but i was put off by the price of ebooks ... recent releases seem to cost more than hardback versions ... ( what is the logic in this ? ? ? ) thats the main thing that put ... racism or any kind of derogatory remark about a generalised minority group .. it really pisses me off ( possibly my straight caucasian male guilt kicking in ) what other songs do you think are infp related ? i am rather loving this too darth vader is an example of an infp whose idealist nature turned to the dark-side . drawn first to the force , he was enticed and then overwhelmed and captured by ... i dont particuarly like the song , i find it kinda hard to relate to lyrics if i dont like the musical style i think this is more infp , i tend to like quite angsty music though so maybe mixing it ... so guys , kinda interested to know what your politics are or if you even have any strong political views ? i'm pretty much libertarian , i think individual liberty in all things outweighs any other ... what's with all the negative responses to this thread ? i can see what he is getting at .. i often find myself mixing and mashing my personality around different people to conform and then realising i ... im a man so obviously ive got no monthly patterns , but i do tend to go up and down like a yo yo though .. can feel almost euphoric at times then crash down to a major low over something really stupid ... i can totally relate to your inner fire as you term it . especially as it applies to loving or hating people .. i can feel like i swing from one feeling to another with someone based on a conversation ... rubbing his eyes bewildered , bud stared at the man on his couch . who was he ? how did he get here ? bud carefully picked a beer out of the mans sleeping grasp and eyed the label in disgust . ' budwiser ' ... i think i get the same sort of feeling from time to time , usually when doing something incredibly mundane .. i dont think ive had anxiety problems before though , well diagnosed ones anyway i agree with yallredyno , ive tested as enfp on my professionally done test but identified a lot more strongler with all the infp profiles ive read ( ie its a book about me ! ) . the mbti qualified guy ... loves all well and good but how can you even consider leaving this world without making your mark on it . great people achieve , you never hear about their love lives though ! if i could make a truly ... gaaah can i have half of both ? oh .. i get that all the time : i thought i was just easily bored what are the symptoms of add / adhd ? i kinda thought it was kids who were really loud and kept jumping around everywhere ? ( ill freely admit i know very little about it ) is that a gorey cartoon in your profile pic ? ( or is it called an avatar ? im a wee bit new to forums ) gah all the time ! i can totally relate . i feel i often mimic other peoples feelings without even realising it and i only realise when im alone . a blessing and a curse i feel . on the one hand you can ... your mehness has added one more post to the masses ! feels good no ? can i get a hell yea ? ! ? ! compartmentalized ! yes ! that is the word i was looking for ! thanks :) hahaha too true ! i fear nothing less than my worlds being destroyed ! arrrah ! ugh i totally agree ... ive tried to tell people many times that money is just paper . thats all it is ! its a collective hallucination that bits of paper have any value . i get weird looks hey guys i dont know much about this stuff .. what are fire signs and earth signs ? im cancer by the way . i get crabby ! ive got a feeling this is probably just something i do , not really a personality based issue but noticed a while ago that i tend to zone off all my relationships and try not to have them mix . i have ... overseer and creator forums combined ? anyone else curiously proud of that fact ? what if you are already dead and your entire life is just a few random neurons firing their last in your head ? how did it go ? what did you do in the end ? in a way it terrifies me .. but in another way i'm rather looking forward to seeing what ( if anything obviously ) is next ... its intriguing ... guess i will find out someday ... unless ... quantum ... strange you should say that about weed though , i have the opposite .. it tends to make me more introspective ... unless mixed with booze then it just makes me into a ( very happy , slighty nausous ) ... the lack of inhibition is really refreshing as im sure you can all relate to and not feeling burdened by inhibition can be clarifying .. but ive had many occasions when ive woken up the next day with ... so im still kinda facinated by the whole personality profiling thing , and am pretty new to it all .. i took a test years ago and got infp and recently took another proffesional one at work and got the ... i really do not like the idea of the personality test being flawed so that if someone of a different personality type took it when despressed they would show up as infp ! that means that in general ... gotta be george orwell and aldous huxley ( although i really doubt their ... infpness is proven ) and i always thought 1984 and brave new world were just two sides of the same coin i think most tests put a very positive spin on the personality types , maybe this is what's throwing you off a bit ? haha i got called too laid back by my boss recently too ... crazzee i dont really understand the question . i mean would you not take anything seriously unless it was backed up by action ? to me thats an insane way to live ... everyone would be knackered ! wow .. that just sounds bizarre . you go out of your way to help someone and this is what you get ? insane ! i think she sounds slightly unbalanced when it comes to animals .. if i were you id just turn ... yea i guess so .. i dont think infp automatically means pacifist though .. if you wanted to analyse it in an ultra biased way ( and why the hell not eh ? ) you could say he was symbolically destroying ... just do whats right for you , i wouldnt feel obligated or bad about not telling them . you will work through it im sure , you have already taken a big positive step yea totally , there is so much ugliness and stupididy in the world . i often think humanity would probably be better off if we had never climbed out of those nice trees ive got a few people i know i could talk to just ... i dont know i just dont want to burden them with my own personal crap . i find it kind of difficult to express my own feelings outside of my head ... good on you for taking action dan , i went through a real rough patch when i was at college too but i stupidly didnt want to talk to anyone about it , let alone a doctor .. and well it wasnt a very ... see id feel really awkward talking to someone about it if i was in a big downer . if i feel down or stressed i usually try to vent it with exercise , endorphins do wonders for mood in general . yea i agree with dan , i dont consider myself depressed though .. i can get down sometimes like everyone else but i think infp's probably have more difficulty in expressing this when they are down for ... how bizarre , i wanted to start writing a post apocolypse story too , i really liked the idea of something like metro but more ... real .. the mutants and magic and stuff in that book really pissed me ... yea ive reintroduced myself to people ive met once or twice before many times , its extremely embarrasing ! and yea im terrible with names too , i have to hear someones name at least five or six times ... i guess everyone is different but personally i tend to keep my feelings closely guarded specifically so i wont come off as a drama queen or just annoy everyone with my incessent self obsessed ... thanks for that , thats great :D and glad to hear its working out for you ! i can definatly see the whole organised vs disorganised thing being an issue but glad to hear you can work through it . thanks ... wow bossing around and controlling ! , sounds rather facinating but im guessing it would translate into being made to tidy up ! perish the thought ! too true about looking for flaws though :/ i guess it ... yea exactly ! haha thats why i like this forum , because you can ask questions like this you have been thinking about for ages without sounding like a total weirdo ( or possibly someone with incredibly ...