' how was it that you became friends ? ask . i listen more . then i talk trash . i dont know if this is relevant but i remember after getting through some flirting one time i finally got a date . feeling particularly extroverted at that time , somehow it came up that i was going to ... yes i would want to be flirted with but not with someone who seemed like they were just wasting my time . i like having control over others . no ifs , ands , or buts about it . i make it very apparent that i am flirting so that there is no confusion . i probably come off cheesy , but i don't care . if it wasn't sexy at least it was funny . i gotta be me . well according to this the problems are all your parents so i would say there is really nothing you can do but to move out . i assume you are old enough , good luck ! there is some quality of the personality that is not intelligence or empathy . that is what i like , in addition to a pretty face . i read in another thread that you had bipolar and aspergers , how does that manifest itself ? the way i imagine it , i would have a hard time dealing with someone like that when i was younger . i fact i ... no i don't consider my self traditional . i doubt there really is a traditional way in america . culture at large seems to lack any real direction anyways , it hard to tell how i should be acting to ... i would get all tailored clothing . id would run a farm where i paid the workers rediculously high wages . i would build a pretty elaborate house with a library and secret doors . i would ... i learned the basics pretty easily and didnt have to go further with it because those weren't my majors . ( i'm a business major ) if i could wear suits all day i would . i am . also concerned with wearing quality shoes . i prefer to blend in , but i still have a little flair that i will have someplace hidden . i sometimes ... i was the same way . hopefully they would influence the other towards themselves making the enfp calm enough to endure and the istj even more awesome . at least that is my theory on the matter . :) can anyone tell me how my body language is supposed to look so i can act accordingly ? ! do i ever ... do these one time or a lot of times ? which are you asking here ? 1 ) yeah everyone does at least once . 2 ) yeah everyone does at least once . you could be right , i keep my cuteness just under the surface . part of its appeal is how it surprises you . i used to have a mohawk ( before it was cool to have a fauxhawk , but after it was truely a punk rock-only thing to do ) ripped pants , etc . , as a teenager . i dressed like a bum until about age 28 . so in ... feelings , you would fall in love with the first blank screen to ask you to put your shirt back on . does anyone ever find their own quotes very inspiring ? i definitely do . i will post one : when asked for dating advice : he is weird in a way you dont like . dump him . highly debatable . i've read compelling evidence that sheldon is more intp than istj . you know you are istj when that is what your test result is . ( i may have said this before haha ) what did this person say when you asked him about it ? i dont read it just because i often lose my place without something to break up the monotony . also i judge the post as not intelligent enough to provide basic formatting , not intelligent enough to ... what a butthole . im an istj majoring in hrm too ! this is purely for science . i dont ever need to have control of the relationship as long as i have control of myself . how good are you ( ) ? my guess is that if you are great and he is great then it should work out . when i was in the army i hated standing for change of command ceremonies . i dont care what the new general is saying , im not listening , he isnt even talking for my benefit - why do i need to stand ... classes , hands on , tests , more hands on , advanced knowledge classes , hands on test - i will do great . the problem i find is not enough hands on time for me . without hands on i am just learning how to ... 25795 heres a new one . i used to but now i just enjoy the dreams as they go along . the closer to the end of the dream the more lucid it becomes anyways . i like money for a gift , because most people buy me things that i dont like or want or are in other ways less than optimal . i just throw them all out when they arent looking . i would reevaluate ... you can't pick up a turd from the clean end . if i can help it , i don't even talk to people i dislike and am unhappy with . i think the fact that he is talking at all is a good sign . if you want to get him to therapy you will have to make him ... what does his type have to do with being a jerk or not ? what mbti type is jerk ? maybe this person is ' too annoying ' because your brother doesnt know how to fix his situation or the friend isn't ... i dont like hints either . i guess that is part of the dating game though . it depends . i am on friendly terms w my ex's but not my ex-wife . if we are fb friends then i will usually comment on something . if we arent i have no shame in adding / readding them . i've never heard or read the word cliche used in quite that way before . hmmm . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s3vHFyybxk&feature=related i cry at movies all the time and i'm a guy . indiana is the crossroads of america ya know . :p 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? i prefer a hat . i never wear a cap . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ( max 3 ) new balance 3 . female question : how often do ... nice backpedal you have there . although this is not what it always means . i dont think it would bust the stereotype of the istj to wear that while skating . i think it would actually reinforce the stereotype of the istj to dress according to what is appropriate . i hope that ... '