' you're welcome ! sounds like ni , so i'd go with intj then . naoki urasawa's monster kenzo tenma - infj johan liebert - infj ? nina fortner - enfj ? heinrich lunge - istj wolfgang grimmer - enfp ? i have no idea . eva heinemann - esfj maybe roberto - estp i would agree with stunnedfox , ixtj . do you think you use si or se more ? not going by functions , i would suggest that you look at inxj . what do you think your type might be ? hmm , i've been thinking about this more extensively , especially with respect to the loops and the difference between ni-fe and fe-ni , and i've come to the conclusion that i am infj ( perhaps with ... yes , exactly this . if the end goal for enfjs is peace ( fe ) , you could also argue that are using ni to achieve fe ( creating ideas to make peace ) . and vice-versa for infjs . well , i usually test 1 % in the introvert-extrovert category and thought for sure i was infj , but i'm not . so i'd agree with star tripper ; it might help you to think about fi / fe and te / ti . this ... personally , i don't think it's a rare type for intjs to have . :) i know a few intjs who are type 1 . why do you think that 1w2 would not fit an intj ? i think it depends on the enfj . he / she may seem quiet and observant , especially if not secure in his / her convictions . when someone else is speaking , the enfj will listen very intently to what the ... i think i've already guessed your type at some point , but i can't remember what i guessed . entp 4w5 - 6w5 - 1w2 sp / so . the philosopher ( 4 and 6 are fairly even ) these are really good points ! to offer another perspective , i think introversion and extroversion largely has to do with whether you prefer to be around people or not . i'm an extrovert , but i ... esfj - mrs . hudson isfj - riza hawkeye isfp - harry potter or sansa stark esfp - baloo the bear istp - han solo or megara estp - james bond ( in some of the movies ) istj - alicia florrick or spock ... darthalpha haha , i chose ender as well :P inxj , probably intj . your characters are excellent ! this sounds very xnfj to me . in your case , i'd say it's se-last . the si-doms and general si users that i know tend to remember everything ( or at least it seems that way to me ) , so i'd say you ... ah , i can see what you were talking about with regards to the inflated inferior fe . i'm still thinking infj , but what is your opinion about se vs si ? hi boheme , i'm going to try and look for evidence of what cognitive functions you use . let me know if you have any questions . why would you say so ? ni , se . potentially si . i don't ... i think that any type has the potential to talk a lot if they're interested in the subject :) i don't know any esfjs , but i can vouch for enfjs as being generally talkative . both . i thought i was an infj for the longest time before deciding upon enfj as my type . i've seen enfps mistyped as entjs , but i don't think this is necessarily common . correct me if i'm wrong . that would account for the ni too ! yeah , totally ; in the movie , his conflicts with his father are presented as his deepest fear . he seems quite selfless and open to helping others , which is why ... love sansa ! :D i want to say isfx . i feel like you might use ni , so i'm going to go with isfp . your second post reminds me of xnfj . you know yourself better than anyone here , but would you mind expanding on why you think you're an introvert ? do you strongly prefer solitude ? i'm only ... that's actually a good point . i'm putting some of my examples down as commonly used phrases / stereotypes because i think that's the quickest way for me to describe how i feel , with others ... , how do you feel about xsfp ? from your post , i am thinking that you use fi , ni , se and te . if you do identify with either of these , here's a comparison between them that might be ... imaginaryrobot you're welcome ! what you describe sounds like ni to me , and kuzami's explanation is a very good one . i agree with respect to ni and its application via writing ; the infj type has ... okay , i just retook the humanmetrics mbti test and it gave me these results : extravert ( 1 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) feeling ( 38 % ) judging (8 9 % ) you have marginal or no preference of extraversion over ... hi imaginaryrobot ! i am in the same boat ( xnfj debating whether i am e or i ) . for you , i would guess infj with high fe . ni is hard to define ; i think this is a good explanation : introverted ... totally agreed with the above post , so i'll give you names of famous leaders who were / are feelers :) feel free to challenge me on the typings ; this is just what i've heard , most of which i agree ... agreed , based on the movie . the way she solves the simulations naturally makes it seem like she uses a combination of ni and ti . wanting to leave abnegation sounds like repressing fe ; being nervous ... okay , this is totally legitimate . : laughing : thank you for your answers , everyone ! they ’ ve been very helpful . robert 2928 i ’ ll keep an eye out for your thread ! :) i prefer actively facing the situation , but i think this might have to ... i'm curious about these typings . why did you choose them ? plus , richard harris ' portrayal of dumbledore was so different from michael gambon's . harris was this totally chill infj-esque ... hi pinkrose , i'm thinking xnfx , maybe infp or enfp . i also got a sense of infj . what do you think about these types ? portrait of an infp portrait of an enfp portrait of an infj if you don't ... hi everyone , if you could please offer your opinion on whether i am infj or enfj , i would really appreciate it :) my enneagram tritype is 4-6- 1 , with the 4 and 6 basically even . my big 5 type is ... you're welcome ! memory can also be linked to ti ( which infjs use ) … ti takes in information to build an internal map or structure of the world in order to better understand and navigate it ... queen of shandanda , enfp ? ( if not , esfp ) hi kev , i'd agree with infj . based on your post , i can see ni / fe / ti / se ; you also seem very values-driven . if you don't really identify with that type , you might want to consider enfj . ni is ... i'm thinking entp ; i can see hints of the ne / ti / fe / si functional stack in your post . otherwise , you might be intp . hi harper , welcome to the forum . :) enfjs are awesome ! ! not sure how often this happens , but infps ( and enneagram 4s in general ) sometimes mistype as infj or vice-versa . i've heard there can be mistyping along e-i lines as well , especially with xntp . hi ambitious , i would say entj . from what you wrote in the entj section of your post , it seems like you are forward-thinking and think more about the future ( ni ) when making decisions than you do ... hi inregardstomyself , it might be helpful for you to try and order your 8 cognitive functions . the 8 cognitive functions as you probably already know from looking around the site , each mbti type ... yeah , it seems like he could be intj or infj in the movie . there are a couple of book scenes that didn't make it into the movie where his fe is a lot clearer . ender wiggin , all the way . he's even got the ni eyes in the movie : 95612 story of my sci-fi life . :P ( not sure if someone's already mentioned ender ) i think you're an infj with well-developed ti . i can definitely see fe in your social interactions . not sure what to say about your cognitive functions test results ; those usually tell me i'm an ... i love this thread . xd seaside , xnfp ? enxp close ! :) i heard the recent sherlock holmes movies portray him as an entp . dark knight rises is also awesome because a fair amount of people think batman is inxj . :p roud : lord of the rings … infjs ... intp literal lol at enfj being incompatible with all the sensors except for isfp . : laughing : that cannot be legit . i'm fascinated by the fact that inxj - enxp relationships are purportedly so ... '