' i need to move on . i need to move on in life . i set out a bunch of goals for myself back in january , one of them being to invest in my personal growth . and i've actually made some progress on some of ... hey , person you've inspired me in ways that you'll never realize . i've been putting many other things on hold this past year just to focus on areas of my life which i feel are in need of work ... dear person , i was actually thinking about ditching a social function tonight . then you suddenly popped into the scene seemingly out of nowhere . yeah . took a lot in me to act cool and push aside ... dear infp , i'm only saying this here and never to you in real life . yes , i'm a coward . but i'm sorry if i came off slightly abrasive and dismissive earlier today . i only realized about 20 ... i think i may have finally found someone within my group whom i can consider my equal and a possibly ally . i'm going to hang out with him for a bit and gauge things . dear person , i struggled with and grappled with my obsession with you for nearly a year . i am now thanking god almighty that it's finally vanishing . without any sort of strong bond between us ... mood : the swings suck reinventing myself is proving to be more frustrating and difficult than i hoped it'd be . like any other goal , it sounds great and motivational when you spell out what you ... dear person , there is nothing more to sbl than meets the eye . so stop treating me like some kind of mystery that needs revealing . while it's true that i keep secrets , it's really no different from ... rant of the day looks like it's going to be a fairly quiet week . might be an opportunity for me to spend my after hours reflecting on my current goals and plans and making any adjustments . haven't ... dear friends , all good things must come to an end . the sun is setting on my stay with this group . as i look to what lies in the future , i feel a yearning once again for adventure . any plans to ... dear old friend , it pains me to say this . but i unfortunately will be ducking out of your upcoming birthday party with a fake excuse . i'm sorry . i really am . but as a working guy , i just don't ... have you ever had a feeling that life was sort of just passing you by with very little you could do about it ? because that's what i'm feeling today . like i have little control over anything and that ... mood : a bit anxious hanging out with large groups of people , many whom i've never met before , has never been an easy affair . but it's something i'd best get used to . if it's not friends , family , and the world telling me i need to stop being a coward , it's my own subconscious mind reminding me of the lessons of the past . a brief trip down memory lane tonight ... within this past week alone , everything from my meetings with really successful people about my age and even random incidents upon hindsight have been reminding me i need to move on and choose a path ... come again ? dear persons , you know who you are . you guys need to stop elevating me as some kind of divine cool guy figure . it's true i've done things that have helped the group out . but the focus really needs ... if there's one cold , hard truth i've had to accept it's that i can't expect to be able to connect with and befriend every single person i identify as being cool and friendly . it sucks . but it's ... dear person , this is the second time we've run into each other at our group socials . and i must say i'm not disappointed to say in the least ! even though we've spoken with each other just a couple ... short-term fad . but still , i find it quite fun . in my experiences , it's been less about the game and more about just running into people and sharing in the joy of exploring while catching pokemon ... rant of the day can't wait for the weekend . this week is really testing my patience for a plethora of reasons . i've accepted i can't control the chaos that comes about . but it'd be nice having a ... dear person , i think you've gotten me wrong . another person in our community has suggested that you think i have some kind of strange crush on you . yeah , no . you're wrong . and if you're going to ... dear person , thank god you weren't there at today's get-together . man how things have changed between us . when we started running into each other , you were that girl i always looked forward to ... rant of the day i'm having mixed feelings about this circle of friends i've been with for a few years . i thought for a while maybe i was going through a funk , or that i was just out of touch . but ... vent of the day i have to remind myself that the good days are often easy come , easy go . there are times when i feel i'm really in the zone . i'm tackling every challenge in front of me and ... my quality of life has improved over the past couple of months . i do martial arts and i hang out once in a while with this group that meets up once in a while for random fun in my area . and i've been ... rant of the day i thought that a certain acquaintence could become a good friend . he and i started off on really friendly terms . even fit into one of my groups very well early on . but lately , ... so there's a devil even in infp angels ? : shocked : i feel you there . even this istj has regretted showing his more cold , calculating side . absolutely nothing upright and morally driven about it . nah . just a typical drama . you've an infp being crushed on , and then an influential figure within our circle who's creating trouble for the group , and then there's me , a reluctant rebel . come to ... dear infp , the cards are all falling into place . i have gathered a contingent of loyal followers who're ready to break off from our group and form a separate faction our own . i have already ... had a funny moment today . while walking to the restrooms , a door knob got caught on my shirt and created an inch-long tear . after a brief moment of assessing the damage and feeling frustrated , i ... dear infp , i'm glad to see you're settled into our group and that you've become a core member . that was something i was hoping for when you first joined . but alas , it does sadden me to know that ... been going to this weekly meditation group for a few weeks now . using this as an opportunity to grapple with a couple of personal issues that have lingered around for years . i think i can say it's ... we get a bad rap for being rigid , but in this case , it's about principles and being very cautious . i've decided i can never be too careful . and this dang feeler in this case is a suspected infp , ... we're out there and we're quite common . we just prefer being outside the limelight . you infps are known to be even more reclusive than us , so it would actually require you to not only step out of ... dear intj , you say people are questioning my intentions . i understand you said this out in the open as a half joke . but knowing you , it was also an accidental cue to me that a small clique in ... 2 things i need to get off my damn chest . dear estj , i haven't been completely honest about my past . and i'm thankful you haven't used your authority to look more closely into my file . imagine ... it's a tough journey reassembling the pieces of the thing that is my life , redefining who i want to become , and finding satisfaction with what i have right now . i keep telling myself that i am the ... dear infp , i'm relieved to finally be seeing my feelings for you go away . i'm not feeling nearly as much of the pent up resentment from not having what i desire or the occasional moment of ... not too far off the mark . i've come to accept that you lot tend to have very creative minds . certainly does make for some interesting discussion topics . strength of a fellow introvert ... op , you need to give us more . this is a relatively less known forum , so you can probably give us more details and leave out names without the fear of having someone irl discover this thread . the ... dear infp , damn it took me a while . but i finally got over my incessant crush for you ! you'll probably never realize the extreme measures i took to make it happen . i made an extra effort to go out ... hardly anything beautiful in someone else's emotional pain ! and yes , i had to get it off my chest . what hurts a bit is when she still seems a bit curious about me even with all these other guys ... dear infp , if it looks like i'm somewhat distancing myself from , possibly even doing subtle things to avoid you , you're not wrong in your guess because that's exactly what's happening . before ... i did it . i found my conscience screaming out at me when my group leader tried to get me to enforce a very , very bad rule on the group . i told my leader i couldn't in good conscience do it and asked ... the realist says : you don't . you throw yourself into other activities and stay busy . you focus on getting to know more people along the way and discovering there's a bigger world beyond that one ... i'm fine most days . it seems like as long as i'm keeping busy , i'm fine and dandy . but there are just some days where the weightiness of my situation feels like it's too much to bear . it's a mixture ... yep . like an angel or angelic is how i've seen people here and on other forum boards describe infps . i don't consider that a bad thing by any stretch of imagination . if anything , that makes you ... rant of the day after months of weighing the pros and cons and thinking things over carefully , i've finally decided to leave the group for good and on good terms . no drama involved , just a rising ... op , what you are saying sounds exactly like how i'm feeling about another community i'm a part of and am making plans to leave it at some point ( probably best to leave out the personal deets in the ... '