' im from latvia , which was part of ussr for 5 decades . there's still alot of architecture ( if you can call those ugly things that ) , cultural damage ( by russification of older generations who grew up ... i guess we get excited easily . no , actually i know for sure we get excited easily . but in my case people usually appreciate my outlook and my ideas . almost anyone who knows me has referred to me as ... has this industrial cyberpunkish sound to it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTgqd_MpDrg hello people ! as someone who has quite grim outlook on the world and humanity , i would love to read some books that leave you with that lovely warm feeling in your tummy . i'm usually drawn to sad ... i've noticed that i'm always respectful towards others people sleep and peace . late at night or early in the morning i will always try to be as quiet as possible . i will open and close the doors , ... when i was a kid my mother told me that killing a spider will bring bad luck . i think its quite common in latvian culture , that one should not kill a spider . im not superstitious , it's just my ... i also feel as if the main issue why i might feel uncomfortable from switching from group to one-on-one communication is because im sensitive to the change in my own behavior and way of thinking from ... i can make most people feel stupid ( or maybe its just my ne , that makes them dizzy in the amount of information and thoughts that i spit out ) , but when i come across someone who makes me feel that ... weird , maybe not so often . i hear things like : special , unconventional , deep thinking ( im not , compared to real thinkers ) , unpredictable ( in a good way mostly ) and interesting . weird - only ... eleventhheart thanks ! something like that is what i was expecting .. i think i'll write another one this week . no , its not like that ... we all have our place in society ... i just thought it would be fun to envision the world without nf types . offending other types and glorifying nf's was not my intention at ... i've done many tests , sometimes answering questions while imagining certain situations and my most common results are enfp and entp , sometimes enfj shows up . i know this doesnt answer your ... thats nonsense . i was raised and nurtured by a pig family . i was the weakest piglet , but still they loved me . when other hogs tried to mess with me , my momma took care of them . dont spread the lies ! russel brand is a chihuahua . enuffsaid heres what louis ck has to say about bacon : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bhP14neXJs our planet is overpopulated anyway . sooo yeah ... by killing 2 billion people you would probably give humanity couple of decades more before food and water crisis comes and kills most of them ... mid 60 ' ies peruvian punk rock http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fML-0M3e6Tk take all the good things about enfp and turn them around ... thats pretty much how unhealthy enfp looks like . the opposite of himself / herself . negative , argumentative , somewhat reclusive , ... i've been having sleep problems too . the reason is basically same as yours . cant stop thinking .. i also have a decent diet , i also work out .. use my bedroom only for sleeping . i did not like the ... a douchebag : somebody who has mastered the great arts of arrogance , obnoxiousness , ignorance and shallowness . well , since the meditation requires me to be free of thoughts to get into the meditative state its pretty hopeless for me . i can't calm down . my mind is always going places and i cant seem to have ... i dislike most of the music that gets terribly overplayed on the radio and tv . pop music seems very shallow to me , but i dont mind it too much in low doses lol it gets horrible if you have to listen ... my vote would go to pink floyd ... but i will nominate tool 85682 im not a girl , so sorry . but being an enfp i can say that i love when people let me get to their inner self . i , personally am very gentle in such situations . even if what i start to see might not ... i feel horrible . i mean if a woman cries in front of me , but i dont know the reason , then maybe not that much . i just feel bad for her . however , if i know a reason for the breakdown then i sometimes ... agreed . me , an enfp , shall use my superior chameleon abilities and infiltrate in both camps finding common ground with all four types . then , trying to use my charisma and lead both sides onto frontal ... this ! i think its a big mistake many people make when they are dating . whats the point in acting like someone else . its almost like lying . if you got anxiety issues maybe have a glass of wine ... scenes from movie baraka , combined with dead can dance song . makes me cry sometimes ... ahh , fi ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1J6TFHCevg . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZpXPwmbQvc ¤ philosophical jester ¤ thats why i said after couple of generations . since we are social beings , we are learning and influencing each other , and i believe that nf's are a driving force behind creativity , art , music etc ... yeah .. im slightly disappointed . i was expecting some creative stories here . omg i just had the greatest idea ever , what if ... ooh , shiny . whats that ? umm , what was a talking about again ? sometimes i feel like my ne makes me prone to missing some important details . i can see and get lost in the big picture missing the small details which make everything work . its like an architect , ... my right hand is intj . its intense between us . my father is an estj . very verbally abusive , critical . no empathy whatsoever . does not care what kind of consequences his words will leave on the person he is criticizing . being a russian guy his ... i know this thread is quite old , but i feel compelled to post my experience . my father is an estj and my mother is definitely an nf . growing up in that house was incredibly painful for an enfp ( me ) ... what do you think , how would the world and human society look within couple of generations after all nf's would suddenly disappear one day ? warning ! heavy dramatization : cities filled ... introduce her to personality cafe ) ) have you tried to introduce her to mbti ? it seemed to be a great help for me in figuring out some things about myself that were confusing as hell . the ... its never the drug , its the person . i know very successful guy who uses weed and lsd regularly and you would never guess just by looking at him . great job , family , house an apartment etc . whatever ... - says he always gets taken advantage of - says he gives his life story to everyone if you take out these two , you pretty much described me . when it comes to be used i'm usually quite quick to ... i've always had a big circle of friends and groups of friends , but never really had a very close friends . i guess during my teen years i was seeing flaws within each of the groups and could never ... i too , forgive people alot . however my attitude shall never be the same , thats for sure . most recent person i've kind of shut off was a friend whom i've known for many years . we left to work abroad ... well , maybe she had noone to tell these things to in her social circle . they build up and some alcohol probably made her less reserved too . i've done something like this too . i guess our intuition ... into the wild van diemens land the thin red line 127 hours eternal shunshine of the spotless mind and many more ... i havent learned how to hide spoilers so i just wont post the scenes thats my typical state when i'm drinking . just mellow , with a gentle tone of voice , narrowly opened eyes . unless if there is too much social pressure from guys , when i cant show that side . it's ... same pattern here except some occasions when im drunk . sometimes i abuse my extraversion which is combined with ne and some decent intelligence creating a monster of dominance , unless i'm relaxed and ... have you ever felt yourself being in the question on why ? and how ? on who you are . first thoughts of this kind i remember of are from my teenage years . having a big circle of friends and ... be prepared , for one of the saddest songs you shall ever hear and i mean it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZyHx4Hx6mU day grey park look the same and the days are pale i never thought it ... tool : 84835 84838 dead can dance : 84837 spontaneous outburst of dark humor . probably inappropriate and out of place . should'nt have posted it . cant control myself sometimes . '