' you should see my backgrounds folder . beautiful scenery that is absent of humans and usually some fantastical , out of place elements . i also appreciate nature taking over in abandoned places . enfj https://49.media.tumblr.com/549f5c5588776e5135062d17047b50f0/tumblr_nn52bbPtfE1tnhfwwo1_400.gif istj ... mbti types as buffy quotes / moments . estj https://49.media.tumblr.com/ba0b9b068bc6e14269f96bf9bb1966d5/tumblr_nvnow2IcyC1uahyebo1_r1_250.gif esfj ... this may seem shallow , it probably is . but for the most part if anyone * doesn't seem attracted to you at first , they aren't likely to change their minds on that at some later date . it's science , so ... it's funny because mai-chan ( the girl , not the cat ) is probably intj or intp so this is more accurately rare intx showing his / her feelings in a not so acceptable way . which , if you aren't ... is this all theoretical or should we start talking numbers ? : crazy : there is one way we could do this ... but i doubt the ethics board would be very happy with it . 80/100 male 46.667 / 100 female 55/100 androgynous don't worry , you are not alone . https://31.media.tumblr.com/55c6aa8c795484b1f321c85bb29b2feb/tumblr_inline_nj2fohECjA1qhmpfb.gif i don't feel that way at all . obviously with any classification system you will see some amount of expounding on differences . but it seems to me that it's not on the same level as other perceived ... intj's are on nearly everyone's list . i had no idea we were so seductive . hmm . 1 . entp 2 . enfp 3 . estp 4.esfp i'm guessing you are expecting a flood of intjs with bruised egos beating down your door . - 115 atheist and agendered in america ( the us ) and . 75 cents over minimum wage . but i'm not complaining , i like being on a higher difficulty setting . makes victory all the more sweet . it doesn't have to be perfect . don't overthink it . just do it . let's go out to the bar ! you and me baby ain't nothin ' but mammals . so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel . ... yes , i am always right ... but only when i'm right . i have no problem admitting when i'm wrong . if it can actually be proven . * expletive * i ran into the again . how do [ i ] you know ? it's ... this all rests on the assumption that iq and cultural development are in any way indicative of raw intelligence . or that it is sensible to segregate thereby losing what one would gain from diversity ... emwuzx they've only really analyzed family environment vs . genetics . peer influences are rarely controlled for , and could lead to much more effect on personality development than family . do ... well aware of all that , but the flip side is that no study can ever fully predict what environmental controls lead to what effect ... well , without being incredibly unethical . consider skinner boxes ... unlike everyone else i think it can be done at that age ... whether or not it should be done is a question for someone more ethically inclined than i . the brains of young children are constantly ... time is nothing to gods . ie ; esfp's . just kidding ! but not really ... http://howthehelldidienduphere.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/fly-you-fool.jpg?w=645 ... intj with ili as a sociotype . that's why your j is low ... because some intjs focus more on ni than te which gives them a pseudo perceiver vibe . also ... do try to ignore the stereotypes . they will ... definitely intp . subjective . i would not know . was it in english ? i don't think i have seen anything quite like that . i'm for legalization for recreational and medical use and penalization if you smoke and drive . let employers self regulate if an employee comes in stoned . hilariously , i don't smoke or drink . i ... not yet . i'll have to do something about those teeth though . i attract the nfps like crazy ... they seem to have some way of reading the intj wavelength . but , at this point in my life , i'm looking for someone more grounded . i'm not sure if that means an sp ... i'd like to see an intp have theirs tattooed on their skin . come on ... we need some intersectional analysis here . also , sexier guys . particularly if you can't accurately type yourself or others in that system as you haven't really studied it . you can't simply port over your mbti type into socionics . it takes more self study than ... and why couldn't his mark come after voldemort fails to kill him that way , apparates onto the lawn , and then tries to avada kedavra him ? harry wouldn't be in mortal danger from a fall , as long as ... could have survived not could have died . hello 23 year old intj from texas . this is your slightly older intj sister from texas . ( 26 ) motor function . it allows one to stand and sit at leisure , as well as climb things . it's also the strongest muscle group in the whole body . pretty essential stuff if you want to live on land and not ... not particularly . you also need to think about the past for a myriad of reasons . even enxps think about the past quite a bit ... ( never in any kind of concentrated way ) and they have si inferior ... so you say . but you can't actually back up that snape thinks statement as his perspective is never outlined in canon . you can only assume how he thinks based on how harry thinks snape thinks . ever ... based on the two that i know , that have typed themselves let's be fair , it's hit and miss . i enjoy the ease of understanding , but often times it gets taken for granted . suddenly they assume things ... i don't know ... maybe when i get back to my dom phase . i'll call you when i'm ready . don't ask how i have your number . my ways are secret and many . shit , i didn't want to do this and be that girl but ... he actually could have because that's one way of figuring out if your kid is magical or not , no kidding . and this right here is the ... so ... you are just bored with the life together portion or with ... other things ? i don't know ... rob a bank together . i have a fairly high libido , but no interest in people outside of those i form an emotional bond with . so , demisexual ? i just think i wouldn't have casual sex , but that doesn't mean i can't tell if ... i've seen a mixed bag with religion as far as the internet intjs ... the one i knew irl was formerly quite into religion due to family influence and is now closer to an agnostic . i have devoted ... i'll be the master and steal the tardis . maybe let him be my companion . my style is either like the esfp or not at all . no weak movements ' cuz that shit is just embarrassing . i cry when i realize what i've lost ... what is no longer possible in the future . mostly , this has to do with the death of a loved one ... or , more accurately , my inability to be with them due to that ... what's this ? entj with intj ? that'd be ... strange . can you imagine the snark ? https://31.media.tumblr.com/90ee0e2591d4450635b56ab10dd2d695/tumblr_mw6vcriCR81s3h43ko1_500.gif ... i'd do / date me ... genderbent version or not . it'd help speed up my absorbing all the knowledge of the universe . i could set them to study one thing while i studied the other then we could meet up ... this . so much . i want to do an intj / intp one but i don't think i will do it justice . intps on the outside ( nefe ): ... perks of being a female ? kind of . guys tend to go : ooookay ... what happened to the cute shy girl ? where did all this sexual energy come from ? i can't take it . * bolts * i will demonstrate with a series of gifs . https://31.media.tumblr.com/19ea379e5f12d0cbe781c1fbe8a725b9/tumblr_inline_mkr6zjRazv1qz4rgp.gif ... '