' / comfort , i'm sure that's not true . you'll find someone who can relate to you & enjoy your company .. there's so many people out there , there's bound to be someone who wants to be your friend . i ... soo i was wondering , why did it bother you so much when someone said you weren't the ' typical woman ' ? do you want to be ? do you want others to perceive you as more feminine ? is it because you want ... i've actually said this to a female istj friend before , about not being the typical female . i mentioned it because it was just something that really stood out about her ... and it was meant as a ... yeah i'm also like this .. i think this isn't just type specific is it ? it's hard to talk about anything if you feel the person isn't understanding or interested in what you have to say . with ... maybe you can find out more about his limited interests and get involved in whatever he's currently into and do it together . you can also try to share your own interests , like enthusiastically share ... when someone takes the time to share a lot of information like what's currently going on in their life .. and you just answer with k , instead of inquiring about it or positively re-affirming it .. it's ... i have a female istj friend , and her thought process seems similar to what is stated here . she can be really nice & supportive to certain people that she likes ... but if she doesn't like or does not ... if i remember right ( read about it somewhere before ) xd but it could be that red is attractive because it relates to love ( ex : valentine's day ) . the media could have influenced our perception of the ... please stop that . she said it wasn't nice , and yet you just did it again - sigh - . i know you guys can be blunt and direct but please consider that not everyone is like you and respect their feelings ... thank you lirulin , that is really what i meant to point out ( everything but mostly the bolded part ) . my very first post was just trying to show a different perspective compared to the typical ' i'll ... even if that may be true .. i still think intentions are important because they are what drive us to do certain things in the first place because we want some kind of outcome .. if someone didn't have ... - nods in agreement - xd yaay :D sounds like you're in a great relationship . very sweet ! softboiledlife - and yes i agree with you . it's best if you can realize what you're missing in your ... lol i knew someone would point this out . you guys take everything so literally ! ;p ;p what i meant is that some people may not mean to cheat , their intentions at first aren't meant to hurt ... aww , you guys are so loyal ! so cute . i like your response too . others might disagree because it may seem disloyal / flaky .. but i think it may be true that if you feel happier & enjoy someone ... a couple times i accurately predicted outcomes , thoughts or actions of a friend .. and she was super shocked & surprised as well as a bit creeped out how i knew . once it even caused a ... you know it's funny , because this is exactly how my istj friends think too . even when i met them , they seemed so content with their own company & just didn't want to bother having friends or ... umm i'm not sure , but it seems like you're angry & haven't resolved some issues within yourself . i've also had some out-of-body experiences before , except instead of feeling taller & above myself , ... they know you wouldn't gossip because it'd be against your character & how you've always presented yourself . i view my istj friends this way too ... they seem to dislike harmful gossip & ... i don't know if this will help but :P smiling does work ! ! a couple of weeks into class , there was a girl that usually sat near me ( front , side ) . i didn't think anything of her since we had never ... i think because istj can appear superrr responsible , so that makes them dependable & trustworthy . plus by observing their strong sense of right & wrong and how they always try to be honest .. it ... sounds like it was some misunderstanding perhaps ? if you want a chance of being friends again like before , you need to take the first step and apologize .. talk about what happened & clear up the ... once i asked an istj why we were friends , considering how different we were in our thought processes . when she believed in one thing , i usually believed the opposite for differing reasons . and yet ... hmm , i can relate with that :P maybe i'm more of an infp than isfp lol . oooh let me guess - adds - .. they have a childlike curiosity to them . may appear optimistic / naive as they tend to try ... - confused - so why the change of heart suddenly ? do you secretly like him ;p ? like memphisto said though , i don't think it's sounds like typical istj behavior . they're usually nice to people they ... wow , do people actually say to your face that you're a bitch ? are they usually guys or girls ? that's so rude / mean . although honestly , how i described my first impression of istjs .. they do seem ... thanks :D you tooo thank you . hahaha , i think my friends would be freaked / creeped out if i shared these perceptions of mine to them too . so i keep it to myself , unless i had some reason to ... ahh thank you for the comments : blushed : . i think it's just because i try hard and want to get to know the istj friends i have better .. so i usually pay attention to the things they do and what they ... i know two istjs , one guy and one girl . it's funny because even though their gender is different , their personalities are very much alike . it's as if they can switch bodies and it really wouldn't ... haha .. that's me too . i try to repress the paranoid feelings & rationalize it , then move onto something else instead . i don't know if it applies to her too , but one of the main reasons why i can be so accommodating / defer to certain people is because i like them . w / e they want i tend to go along with because if it ... this is mine :) lol , i actually tried to make a video of myself answering yardiff bey's question .. but i did the same thing ! i think i went off topic many times & rambled ... so the video got very long & i had to ... i don't want to be a downer .. but i think we just rot in the ground dead . maybe we enter a state of nothingness / total darkness ( like an eternal sleep with no dreams ) . or it could be like a long ... probably because it makes some people feel uncomfortable .. it puts more stress on others so they rather you just play along , that way they don't have to deal with your troubles . depends on what this ... ^ awww you two sound very close : blushed : thanks for sharing . b + blood type :) 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? yess , if i had the chance to and the money / time . sounds exciting ! probably would be more fun going with friends though . 2 . would you ... wow , your video really reminds me of myself somehow xd .. i don't really plan out what to say beforehand , tend to pause a lot & speak softly , look upwards while thinking & smile to myself , my eyes ... ^ ooh random but the proof i like that quote from nietzsche . :) yeahh i think i've taken another type test long ago .. and i scored very high on 4 because of my mood & how i feel about myself . but now if i think about how i act towards others & focus more on ... ahh i kind of feel you .. - comforts - . my friendship with an istj is sort of similar . not that she treats me badly , but she can come off somewhat distant to me sometimes . i had to put a lot of ... concerning the nature & nurture concept .. i personally think nature has more of an influence because it's what you're born equipped with ( genes / hormones ) it's like a blueprint of ... pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores type one : 9 type two : 48 type three : 4 type four : 36 type five : 27 type six : 44 it might have to do with not liking the attention ;p it's embarrassing especially if it's an individual picture . - feels everyone's stare - . for me , i feel awkward taking a picture by myself & the ... from what i seen . my friend smiles in all group pics we've taken , the least is at least a smile with no teeth . i haven't been able to get an individual pic xd and i don't think it's gonna happen ... i think because your name started out with hello :P and i ignored the numbers ... and because i perceived you as being a friendly person , i probably just thought hello kitty fit you lol . xd so this ... lol , i didn't notice i did that either until you pointed it out xd ... for some odd reason i just kept seeing that as your name , so i probably typed it out without thinking . maybe it should be your ... lol , reminded me of the episode from family guy , where peter passes a couple of asians and calls them all jackie chan . i've had some friends tell me that to them , all asians look a like and they ... ohh what a fun & interesting thread :) good idea hellokitty ! i'll do it in reverse since i have a istj friend ^ ^ these were the actual responses at least in my memory . 1 . i never actually ... i can relate with memphisto ( except i've always been single ) so male friends usually confessed their crushes later on in the friendship ( i think my easy-going personality contributes to their ease of ... '