' i can relate to you . i move on quickly , a trait that most girls in my school don't seem to possess . when i hear stories about girls who spent weeks and months mourning over their breakups , i can't ... no , there's no invite . that must have been fun . * says this sarcastically * when other types start squealing when they find out they have the same mbti type as justin beiber , while your the one dancing around because you share the same mbti type with albert einstein . i'll start off the list . - intelligent - able to have a intelligent and meaningful conversation with me . - if they are an extrovert , they will not force their extroverted tendencies onto me . ... it takes a true genius to create facts , while a normal genius just quotes them . intj's always test theories in their head . intp's make up theories and set out to prove them . to become a writer . i live to write , although it's usually science fiction and fantasy . scientist , dentist , or writer . i'm so sarcastic , some people start to think what i say is actually funny . but really , it's not . when i was in elementary school , chess was a passion for me . i attended chess club meetings and even won a few province championships . now , chess is just a hobby for me . intj's , with their high confidence exterior . ( i have no harsh feelings around intj females , perhaps because we're the same gender and i feel uncomfortable with men in general . ) canada - isfj . intp woman right here . because a girl in your english class ran up to you in a small party hosted by your one close friend , and started talking to you . ;) i've gotten used to the awkwardness . i was quite glad when the conversation was over . small talk is something i dislike . i prefer to be talking about meaningful subjects that interest me and the other person . last night , i was at a party ( hosted by my one close friend , a enfj ) , and i ran into a girl that was in my english class.we weren't close friends , just acquaintances . it was very awkward for us to ... big and comfy sweaters , shirts that have graphic images on them , skinny jeans , and socks that don't match . i didn't mind that i was alone , i kept to myself and poured myself into school . i'm in my last year of high school now , and i've accomplished so much in those years . isolation has in a way , became ... well , everyone has their own opinion . ... i agree with you . your welcome . um , i'm an intj , if that helps . there's really no way to approach us . true , we intj's seem like the bad guy . introverted thinkers often get that rep , but intj's get a scarier reputation because we have vision and intelligence . now that i think about it , i don't ... i used to do , but according to studies , he is an enfp , who uses his f powers in a twisted way to convince people . our type does seem cold to others , which probably gives us the impression of ... i agree . i can see your point . my friends are all extroverted feelers . wah . i agree with you . many villains in real life also aren't xntj . for example , hilter ( yes , i consider hilter a real life villain ) showed many entj traits , but he actually was an enfp . ( although he ... yes , although , i am more f then most intj's . i've been called cold many times . but in truth , we're not icy . we don't show our emotions as often as f's do . all my friend's are f's , so i've been called un-emotional many times . well i'm sorry ... is it just me , or are most movie / book / t . v characters that are villains have intj or entj traits ? i'd love to hear your opinion on this , even if your not an intj or entj . if it is true , this is ... yep . ;) in is correct . xd close . close ! before i begin , i want to say that i already know my type , i just want to see what others think my type is . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a ... dear esfp , i appreciate your concern about my well being , but please , leave me alone . sincerely , istj reading . and reading . and reading . and reading . yeah , i like to read . yes , my best friend is an enfp , and we are very close . i'm tied between intj and intp . so i guess for me it's intx my list : twilight : intp fluttershy : isfp rd : estp aj : estj pinkie : enfp rarity : exfj of course ! i can read people really well and im an infp , but i have an infp that's really clueless when it comes to reading people - w - but i think ur an infj lol , i can cry easily around my friends , but not adults or teachers , but rather then that , i don't cry easily around others c : yes , you probably are an intp , your answers deemed everything as an fellow p . =P hm , i guess esfp does suit you . i have an esfp friend and you and her share a lot of common traits . you fit most of the esfp criteria , so i guess you are an esfp . coool yeah that is the website c : '