' lizzie bennett - - enfp http://www.smh.com.au/ffximage/2008/02/14/PP_080213035037494_wideweb__300x375.jpg lee adama = enfj ? ... administrative assistant ? sounds like teabagger u ... at least they make sure people know what they're getting into , instead of trying to convert people by misleading them . i just hope not too many people are sent there ... i don't write much fiction , but i do a lot of journal writing . mostly about my relationships , with everyone . my high school journal read like a soap opera but lately it's mostly romantic ... this is me exactly . when i was having grad school and career plans pushed on me a year ago ( i graduated last winter ) i resented it . i had no idea what i wanted , and i felt deep down that the most ... i interned at one all four summers during college , and i enjoyed it . i loathe workplace politicking and that can actually be way worse at a small company . small companies can also be very resistant ... yeah , i always get lonely if i'm n-deprived . having a full social life with little n energy can be more exhausting than having none at all because you're always feeling like a weirdo and frustrated ... use a neti pot , drink lots of water , eat spicy foods , no dairy . np types aren't supposed to be good at mindless busywork , administrative type stuff - - but i've been commended for my productivity in every job i've had like that . luckily , the offices have all been ... at the moment , i'm an english-as-a-foreign-language teacher . it's fun most of the time ( some classes are dreadful ) but not ideal for me long term . it's fun but not satisfying , if that makes sense . ... it would involve some combination of travel , writing , and food . maybe i could travel the world selling pastries at various markets and blog about it . i'd throw in some volunteering for variety . ... when i was trying to talk about thanksgiving and its importance in the us , a student ( 6yo ) asked me what the united states are . at the airport , the guy stamping my passport asked me what ... another experiencer / innovator here . all true ! i had no idea how exhausting teaching is before i got into it . frankly i don't think it's a great fit for me - - i need time to breathe during the day and the freedom to work according to ... reading your post , the first thing i think is teacher - - of any sort , really . a teacher that lights up a room and makes everybody happy to be there is so valuable . if you work with kids , being ... psychiatrists are actually quite in demand . it takes 4 years of med school and a psychiatric residency to become one , but once you do , getting a job should not be difficult . there are programs that ... i actually have a pretty good feel for my sense of self and what i want out of the world . the problem is that it's so broad i don't have enough direction to create a real career out of it without ... i drink tons of water . i keep an old cidre bottle full of it in the fridge , because at mealtimes i can go through a whole bottle of water and i just prefer the feel of pouring it out of a pretty ... interesting . i had a job that was essentially the opposite - - convincing engineers ( not f types or particularly cooperative people ) to do paperwork things that make business flow more smoothly for ... if it makes you feel any better i don't regret my high school senioritis one bit . it wasn't awful enough to affect my future , i just went from a straight-a student to an a-b student , but i was doing ... i have tested as 7 almost every time , but i still don't know about it . i don't fit the superficial personality trait description of 7 - - i'm not super happy and cheerful and outgoing , at all . i'm ... all the time ! especially if my social circle at the moment consists of people i'm not totally comfortable with , like right now . my extroversion mostly comes out when i feel good about the people ... i'm generally more t when i'm more depressed or isolated . at my best i'm more f . my functions test said i use fi more than ti , and i agree - - i'm generally internally preoccupied with emotions and ... as a kid i wanted to have a lot of great adventures , travel around , be an environmentalist , live in the rainforest or on a tropical island , and be a novelist . i spent a semester in the rain ... i had an awful first year . everyone says college is supposed to be the best time of your life , so i felt like this huge failure for being so miserable , and when i actually sought people out to talk ... i speak a bit of both and find spanish easier to speak . it just flows out naturally . i find it very satisfying to actually pronounce all the letters in all the words after speaking french . i do ... i worked as a teacher at a school for autistic children for a few months . i was good at building a rapport with the children initially , but the methodology this school used was very intense and ... i feel like as enfps it's important that we have a good balance in the number of things we're pouring our energy and passion into . we have a lot of emotional energy and if it's all being poured into ... i know right ? the problem is that i'm not really interested in learning to be patient . i'm more interested in learning how to speed people up . this doesn't actually have anything to do with enfps but i thought we could identify or someone could make a poster out of it : http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l22b9wOmz71qbui8qo1_500.jpg to be honest , i'm not sure . i never listened to anyone because i didn't trust anyone . i had therapists , parents , and other people who cared try to talk to me , i just assumed they didn't understand ... this has been on my mind lately because i'm apartment hunting . what do you guys need or want in a living situation , whether you're living with parents , in student housing , out on your own , whatever ? ... i haven't chosen yet . i wanted to be a travel writer all through my childhood , but i felt overwhelmed by my journalism coursework ( then-undiagnosed adhd ) and switched to psychology because the ... i love drinking but sometimes it makes me hyper and annoying . it results in verbal diarrhea sometimes . i just get so happy and i have to say everything in my head . and i have enough courage when ... what was your innovative way to eat trail mix ? i guess you're an enfp if you are overcome with curiosity about how people eat their trail mix . i did it so many times in high school . i was an enfp raised with ntj values . basically i felt like i needed to be strong and in control and rational at all times , and given my nature this meant ... i absolutely sucked as a call center worker . you had to be at your desk all the time , so that sucked . and i can't not react when someone is being mean to me because they're angry about something - - ... i don't either but i always wind up finding out that the guys i date are intps ( like my good girl friends tend to wind up being esfps ) . i just have a pattern . anyways , none of mine worked out ... you might be an enfp if you are currently eating a yummy salad out of an ice bucket because you brought romaine and goat cheese to a hotel but forgot a plate . don't worry , i washed it out at least ... i don't have much direction , heh . adventure ? that's what i'm mostly pursuing right now . i just want to experience many different lives in one , travel around and live different places working ... cynical , deceitful , manipulative , constantly playing a character , assumes everyone else is out to serve themselves and uses that to justify constantly acting self-serving . gets bored of people and ... when you're 2 hours late for work because you got distracted on the way there , and you still pick out the parking spot with the best view instead of one that is close to your building . ^ me ... on the beach / in the water , at bars , wandering around the city , at cheap taco / noodle / whatever shops , plus the usual boring places like the grocery store , target , and home . in high school i was ... better to be immature and a player through your 20s than to play by the rules for a long time and revert to immature player mode during a midlife crisis : laughing : my fi mostly shows up when i'm alone or just bored . not necessarily when i'm in an introverted funk . sometimes i need to purposely be alone to reflect , if something has been bugging me and ... i'm sort of a serial dater of xntps , but they've gotten my attention in all sorts of different ways . once i was at my friend's party and his hot intp roommate ( who never participated in the ... i found something i love and want to do for hours every week , which is surfing . that's most of my exercise . i supplement with lots of other stuff - - weight training , running / walking , dancing , ... you know you're an enfp when a simple witty poll evolves / devolves into a discussion of world peace in half a page : tongue : i doubt i'll do everything i want , because i literally want to do almost everything . but i'm completely okay with that . life isn't about a checklist you hand in when you die . it's about your ... i generally hate photos of myself . they're not always awful , but they make me uncomfortable for some reason . the only recent photo of myself i like , i'm wearing a spiderman mask with a pashmina ... '