' hey been a while since i've been on here ;) thought id update this thread . my daughters first birthday is coming up . what a huge change it has been . she's amazing and love her to bits . things going ... thanks to everyone for your replies . i'm amazed . not one istp responded to say ' hey infj i'm not like that at all . i love talking about my day ' . i am fairly confident with your replies that ... hi there i'm seeing an istp and overall things are going well . we are going to be moving in together very soon and i'm looking for a bit of advice on how to improve communication in our ... repost haha a box would be difficult to miss . i agree it's a good thing i'm glad he feels comfortable :) it started with a simple phone charger . he asked if he could leave it at mine as his phone is always running out of batteries . next an umbrella appeared and it hasn't moved for a couple of months ... i think the desiderata poem has the best advice within it ( below if you haven't read it before ) go placidly amid the noise and haste , and remember what peace there may be in silence . as far as ... yeah it is a bit of a roller coaster ! it is taking some time to rework my infj vision of the future to include pregnancy and a baby ! but it's coming together slowly ha . i need to educate myself ... thank you :) yeah trapping him is the last thing i want . the idea of doing that makes me feel sick . i'd much rather be on my own than with someone who feels trapped or unhappy in a relationship . i think he ... thanks :) it's been great having an outlet to get advice and work through the initial challenges . what new problems do you forsee i will need to resolve ? what is ending ? thanks everyone for your responses . it has been a crazy couple of days ! here is a quick update . i had decided to speak to the istp over the phone on thursday and suggest we discuss in person once ... thank you , yes it feels right to tell him and give him space to process and let him contact me once he has his head around what he thinks and feels about the situation . after a few hours knowing i ... thanks for the response . yeah saying i can do it myself may send the wrong message . gah the thought of telling him makes me feel sick ! i don't know how i feel about it myself i'm still in shock . i ... i can't believe i'm typing this . i took a pregnancy test 2 hours ago and it's positive . i'm freaking out . i haven't told anyone . i've been seeing an istp for 4 months and i'm going to have ... that's good you're feeling better . i'm an infj and i also go through periods of wanting to radically change my life and direction . i get restless and bored with routine and i like to shake things up . at the same time i long for ... points to avatar that's horrible . a friend should know not to toy with someone's emotions . i have been in love once before and unfortunatley i'm currently in love with someone that doesn't have a clue how i ... my fears # 1 death and being dead for an eternity with no afterlife . i walk around with an internal life clock ticking at the back of my mind , as each generation dies i am very aware that my turn ... if someone is trying to manipulate me into doing something i don't want to do i become stubborn and don't budge an inch . if they are trying to manipulate me but i don't care one way or the other i ... i adore estps they are not just lovable they are the best of all types ! ! ! intelligent ... thoughtful ... spontanious ... good listeners ... hilarious ... passionate ... great in social ... i'm not estp but i guess it would depend on my feelings for the person back home , the definition of dating and what i had promised in terms of being exclusive to my significant other . i don't like ... sold ! thanks for the clips i will buy the series and give it a try : laughing : lol well literally keep us posted ! ! ! i have seen serenity and i loved it ! i liked the humour and story line . i didn't know it was based on a tv series . i may watch it but i am just recovering from finding out terminator the sara ... lol you are so like my estp friend ! ! ! i'm 90 % sure he's interested ! if he's estp you should be able to figure him out . i mean 3hrs * come on * . that's a long time just to be friendly . : tongue : if ... lol us females have a tendency to over analyze relationships , i'm just off a 2hr phone call with my estp friend trying to work out if her current target fancies her.the reality is no matter how much ... yeah yeah , i heard that too . why do you think we're all hanging around in the estp section ! : wink : but seriously ... lol ... i wonder if some types are better than others ... i guess it would depend ... interesting ... the male estps seem better at identifying when someone fancies them ( or maybe the girls are being modest ) . i felt this thread was missing some green . hi there interesting thread glad to hear you got the green light from your man . i would suggest having fun and try not to take things too seriously or worry . arrange to meet up and have some good ... darn ni tuned into the wrong frequency again ! * slaps own hand as punishment * : blushed : i hear you ... i struggle with the social aspect all the time ... * climbs in bulldozer and and points it ... i look at things differently ... i think all over 20 ' s should focus on knocking down walls ... i always build one after i experience pain ( i think most of us do to protect ourselves ) but i make an ... years ago i met a guy for a date and he had brought his friend . we ended up kissing ( for a long time ) and his friend just sat there ... i felt terrible ... lol well a bit bad at least ... in my ... i bet she has fancied you for ages ! ! ! my estp friend calls me once a week ... every week there's a different guy that's caught her eye and she wants someone to listen to her talk about him . she goes over all the situations she has been in ... mum would get a magic wand ... one wave and all her cleaning would be done ( she's house proud ) . my brother would get x-ray vision because ... well lets just say i know him well . my dad would get an ... hahahahahahaha you know full well what i mean ! ! ! convenient memory indeed ! i'm sure there will be no problem with my name next time the estp wants me to do something ! ! ! as an infj i live mostly in the land of future possibilities or in imaginary ... congrats on the a ! : wink : i'm feeling the estp love again today ... agggh i can't stay mad at you guys for long . i sat last night an imagined lots of revenge scenarios 1 ) saying no get someone else ... cute kitty pic ! ! ! yes i notice i'm able to predict things much better after i have spent a lot of time reflecting and i wonder if it is due to ti , if i don't get time to reflect i become really ... hmmm is she modest ... she is super smart , brilliant with words , excellent at socializing and has a really good sense of humour ... yeah i hadn't thought about it before she is modest . there are so ... very true , i struggle with keeping things in moderation , i'm a give it everything ... 100 % focus right now or do nothing at all type person ... maybe i need to meditate or something . i love ... thanks very much : wink : maybe that's an nf thing lol : blushed : yeah i would say my entj friend has the consuming urge ... i can tell he doesn't want to do it but can't help himself . thanks very much for your post , you nailed it ! i did a bit of digging and the girl criticized my estj friend on how she is raising her daughter . double slap in the face according to your post 1 ) ... this is exactly like my friend i am amazed she can't see it . to me some guys are practically wearing i love you t-shirts , there was this one guy that laughed at all her jokes all night , followed ... i like this forum but it did get me wondering if it makes me less social ... i get my fix for interaction with others without actually meeting people in person . i don't need to work on being more ... yeah i think you're right . dad's also brilliant at finding a great deal 2 for 1 offers that kind of thing . i heard that about tamiflu also , supposed to just mask the symptoms but not really have ... '