' a love of poetry , lyrics , and music is never a bad thing , unless the speaker speaks the words falsely . ah , but they have so many closed groups on fb now . they have me by the neck . if it makes you feel better something like 70 % of the people who win great sums of money in lotteries end up bankrupt within six years . hanging onto money is actually as tough or tougher than ... i knew you would like the choice , but thanks for the thanks . :) i lived one year as a child in upstate new york and we had these all over the place . let me say they are absolutely impressive ... i see him more as a praying mantis , eating every bug that walks by him . a lethal insect killing machine ... mission control to creepy flying bug squadron one : sending launch codes , and notify other creepy flying bugs to initiate the invasion . show no mercy . if you want ideas on dietary approaches that would tackle this while simplifying your life , i know a ridiculous amount about nutrition . succulents are my thing . put up some photos of your plants and most importantly the soil you are using . please tell us every ingredient in the soil mixture you used . my first guess is that you are ... i just love your post , and i think you have nailed a really critical idea . perhaps many infjs want to be known deeply , but only by an * indirect * method . as you elaborate , direct questions are too ... you sound perfect for each other . i would say take her up on her offer to go out , and if that opportunity is gone create a new one . just take a little initiative , and be open to her initiatives , ... yes , it was exactly that . my infjs said they wanted to be understood , but once i got into the bank vault of their souls it was clear they really didn't want anyone in there . :) you should ... this is exactly how my infjs would describe it , particularly about wanting something more natural and organic . but can you give some specific examples of what you think a healthy way to do that is ? ... ah , it was earl grey #69 ( you can't make that stuff up ): earl grey no . 69 - teagschwendner this is the real mccoy . if green is your sin , then try arabian night by teagschwendner : arabian night - teagschwendner they mix in very fragrant flower blossoms of different types with the tea , and it's pretty amazing ... i think you can't beat earl grey # 6 and many of the classic british teas . i like loose leaf and i make a sh * t ton all at once and then store the excess in a huge ball jar . the thing about tea ... only time i like to go to a coffee cafe is when they have an artiste on staff and they can make fancy designs in the coffee for me . so cute . barista , can you draw a flogger for me in this ... all of what you say above is true , and it's even worse than that . by introducing a low-quality competitor to the cafe idea , mcdonald's is reminding anyone who visits to constantly think about ... please allow me to inject the random male opinion into this thread . part of what you are describing is shared interests , which strictly speaking does not require each person in a relationship to ... stop putting yourself down . this will be annoying to her if you focus on it . you can have this negative conversation internally , and let's not rule out that she has an ulterior motive yet . maybe ... maybe you are actually an infj and the universe was secretly sending you to your correct home ? :) your original post does read to me more like an infj than an infp , just because you seem to want ... well , i guess one way to approach this , within the scope of being a lawyer , is to work as a litigator representing some class of people who normally do not get a representation in the legal system . i ... if it makes you feel better , most infjs are really mis-typed infps . infj is far rare statistically than infp , and an infj male is one of the rarest types , only about 1/2 of 1 % of the population . ... right , but that is all as observed from the outside . from inside each person's frame of reference , maybe the experience is the same or similar . you are right we can only speculate . i just ... right , but perception is everything . what is the difference in perception between : a ) a non-psychotic person who does not fantasize imaginary demons and who encounters a real demon in the world ... i have counseled two people with active psychosis before , and i would say that is pretty much what it looks like . these people always seem to imagine a dark shadowy demon figure , and it always ... i'm sensing you are the kind of woman who strikes up conversations with spiders and tries to make them feel safe before you have your way with them . wow , you are practically a serial killer . bodies all over your apartment , i am guessing . :) you are luckier than most because you at least know her reasons for not wanting you ( initially ) . i would start following through on your career goals and taking them seriously . at the same time , ... those are constructive ideas , thanks . :) if we linked to an outside dating profile , there still should be a section where those are posted . a single thread would get busy over time . i'm not sure ... it's true on every dating forum that someone can lie about important characteristics . fat women can say they are skinny . old men can say they are young . young women can say they are older . that's not ... who cares if the forum is derided by other forums ? why is that important ? are we a bunch of 13 year old girls who need to evaluate our status based on gossip put out by other 13 year girls ? my ... many people who say they are not single are in fact single . they simply don't want to be contacted , so they lie . and - by the way - some people are in open relationships and want contacts in spite ... i haven't seen that either , and i doubt i would ever participate in that even if i did see it . it's not a substitute for someone saying : 1 ) i am available and interested in meeting people 2 ) ... that actually misses the entire point of the feature . most people on this site are taken : either married or in a committed relationship . the point of a section like a dating section is to let people ... can you tell us what the questions you asked this intj were ? that might give us some clue about whether they were ordinary or not . as an intj , i would say in general that i have some threshold of ... there's always being a webcam girl , so you could lay back in total relaxation and talk to desperate men about politics and whatever else strikes your fancy . porn stars have greatly reduced lifespans , even excluding the ones who die from drug overdose and violent causes . it's probably all of those bacteria and viruses from a gazillion fluid exchanges .  ... i do the same trick with a caffeine pill plus going back to sleep . very cool photos . gives me an esfp vibe though . i think it would be very interesting to create a new section - maybe as a peer to the sex and relationships section - just to hold dating profiles . people might want to express interest in meeting ... oh no , you guys broke up ? so sorry to hear this ! i think people who have been abandoned in life by parents or lovers tend to exhibit pre-emptive behaviors to sabotage new relationships . some people will use those as a reason to walk away early , ... as a leo , i thank you for that . i have always wondered why the milky way is not alive with radio signals from other civilizations . the calculations i have seen suggest there should be many such civilizations . similar to you , i ... how did you break it ? i did same at age of six or seven . i fell off bike and landed on my face . :) broke nose and had blood and scabs covering my face . i should have gotten some good crime ... i am sure that being supportive and understanding is the wrong approach . it endorses a pathological behavior . i am also thinking that going face-to-face and having a brawl about it is also the ... is there a way to insert a youtube video in a post here and have a specific time index into the video supported ? youtube supports urls that end with a time index like & t = 2141 . when i insert a ... maybe be proactive . suggest in your email to him would he want to get together for lunch in a public place , just to see what each of you are like in real life . he might just be very hurt by what ... now you are sounding spunky . i smell a recovery coming . :) i think friendship before sex is always a good idea . but everyone has flaws , so don't be too exacting ( then you become like him ) . ... awesome ! '