' fi can depend strongly in different types ; it appears to me that when you couple it with ne , it tends to use ne as a power source with fi - ( te ? ) to make judgments . with se , it seems to be interested ... 1 ) you are acutely aware of when an n-dom is reducing an argument too much , and when an s-dom uses a story to answer a question 2 ) you chuckle to yourself when you see both sides of a miscommunication ... slightly disappointed that it was already done ... thank you . i will develop the theory myself a bit too , though , the language socionics uses and the differences between the two systems are both ... hmm ... that was legitimate , my comments were seen as sarcasm ? i just wanted to share the love a bit in this hatehouse lol ... actually , though , infjs are the only other type that doesn't really put up ... lacking of fi means one's worth does not come from oneself . lacking of fe means one can attain self-worth independent of others . in a dichotomy-ruled system , we certainly can just as easily find ... i aspire to you , infj , for your authenticity . it is radiant and amazes me and many others , i'm sure . i want you personally to come back with an honest evaluation of intps . what could we improve on ? ... i appreciate your feedback . i still feel like a lack of certain functions , particularly the extraverted ones , have an effect , at the very least . i can see something significant about all types being ... i have a new idea for type categorization into four groups , but i need your help because this seems to me to be more of an ni task than a ti or ne task as far as going deeper , and i think your ... i love it , my fe certainly needed to find a thread full of compliments . keep it coming ! :p roud : i think i need to be more social , though , because this has activated an intense longing to be ... what do you pride yourself on most ? what does dominant perceiver manifest itself as in you ? do you think your life might be easier , more enjoyable , etc if you were another type ? are there things ... the most aggressive i am is eager to bring about one's own fate upon themselves when they are trying to be right , deflect blame , or can't see why they're wrong . it's awesome because i can get away ... no , it's not you . i have an enfp mom and i think it's a misunderstanding . not giving excuses or putting your type down . my mom is a superstar who does everything . during conflict , though , it is a big ... yeah , i don't think that one particular example showed anything ; we have no idea how to verify whether he was intj . blind faith is all we're going for on the internet . but don't get offended ; this ... no , we really have something against clouding out our thought processes in the desire to get past emotion or pain . maybe our emotional mind will want to , but i'm guessing in most cases intps put ... well , think about the muscles : you have a heart , that just pumps automatically even when it's injured , tired , etc ... the other muscles have limited energy . the heart doesn't always feel peppy , but it ... don't worry , i just found patiant as an example . my phone decided without my permission to post . i don't like music as much as i could because the conventions that make things easier bore me , when ... you misspelled patient . i advise sitting in a spelling class , writing down the word 100 times in a class . i understand that . repetition is not my preferred type of learning . if it's patient working ... please prove the constant is 42 and the way they are compared is multiplicative to get the meaning of life . you're correct at the variables approach infinity , but deciding to derive the meaning of ... it's mostly from our abstract ne jokes being laughed at by ti . and ne , too , since it is able to work with ti internalizations . lol . it's mostly from our abstract ne jokes being laughed at by ti . and ne , too , since it is able to work with ti internalizations . a rabid teddy bear would be soft , but it would scare anyone near it . maybe you meant a tamed bear ; lovely , but scary at the same time . i haven't a clue why it is funny if you don't get it ... i've ... lol , scary is a funny way to describe entjs . of course , their desire to influence others makes you right by some standards . i also loved the nature of your reaction to what i said . if other people were smarter , you realize , that's not much different from lowering your own intelligence . intp was in its cloak of invisibility , chuckling to itself . it bit me and i feel like my bloodstream concentration of intp has exponentially increased by month . why not find a boring career you'd enjoy ? or create one ;) guilt trips . they are perhaps the more annoying things . it attempts to stop our disconnected stance because of an appeal to fe , which makes me doubt which is worse . the meaning of life requires that all of the variables in existence be considered ; mathematical analysis is only done after the relevant variables can be put into an equation , and we can be sure the ... hey , i recently had inspiration , about the enneagram . i posted this to the intjs but want you guys to critique it as well : have you been trying to see how many types you can be in a month ? is it se trying new experiences ? maybe you should become entj and go on their entjs only thread ;) p . s . is something bad going to ... right , right . an objective fact can be masked by other facts found elsewhere that contradict truth . i actually think , though , that as far as type i or j is what we're looking at . ne and se are both ... hey , i've recently had a rush of inspiration on the enneagram , and for those of you who have heard of it , i want to run it past you guys for criticism or whether you agree : - the enneagram types ... honestly , though , intelligence is much more than this . nts who vote are more likely biased . other people aren't going to take this objectively . other things , maybe . this , too much on the line for ... sorry , that was definitely my fault . i think you just saw an example of a ti-ne expansion overload . i lost focus on the original topic and came up with new possibilities , then i met my limit and all ... that deserved more than just a thank . do you get what i'm saying , though ? : happy : well , i see a lot of intjs being narcissistic ... but i know that prejudice isn't born , it's taught . i don't judge intjs as anything bad in itself , as anything i've heard , and especially after ... now i got that . well played . i've only seen all of the star wars movies once , and i missed the actual tone of it , the manner that looked like a sarcastic statement viewed correctly . as far as your ... because its animal instincts found a reason to cross it , be it to fulfill a basic need or act on its curiosity , but in the end , someone made a joke about it that's supposed to be funny because nobody ... i actually almost took you seriously , but we've talked on this forum and i could tell you were joking . thanks for telling me . where's the fun , though ? i expected you to tell me about a tribe . i ... thanks . i feel you , a lot of this holds true for me . my friend introduced to me by my hyper istp friend is intj , and he is quite knowledgeable . he really likes to simplify the conversation to answer questions , but the ironic thing is that often i ... can you tell me how the troll society works ? i'm deeply curious . yeah , i agree with agelastos . the other poll is going to dissatisfy people not in first . this poll is basically throwing an insult directly at them personally that is not assumed in the other poll ... i see . yeah , i can't really argue with that . all of the other nts ask a question to revolve their studies around finding , and for all except the intp , this question requires reference to life and the ... yes , in general , if a , if activity is what makes people experience slower time ? that would mean that a life spent staring at a gray table would have a faster time passage than skiing down a cliff ... i said something interesting ... if you said something interesting , i'd listen : sad : i guess this proves it ; i was patient enough to finish my thought . you weren't enough to read it . the most ... hmm ... i get the bit about boring , and that makes sense . we get bored just a bit less than you guys do . i don't really think of my type as patient , i am patient mostly with people where i have some ... imagine a person inside a giant destruction robot . he is in control , but he isn't good at his fight without the vehicle . his vehicle is complicated and mechanical . he , however , has the knack for ... i want to see what you guys have to say , and i think this'll be fun : imagine , four nts are forming an alliance . one of each . they ultimately want to control the world , but are not evil . they are ... how assertive are you ? how much do you voice yourself ? what childhood experiences encouraged intp-ness ? we are seeing the world that way , but that is still an optical illusion and the way our eyes work limits 3 dimensional vision to a plane where the eyes see two dimensions and figures out how to see ... '