' yes , and rainbows and fluffy things and how to make our partners emotionally , physically , etc , satisfied . haha ! this is quotable . i think mbti focuses too much on t / f , as if f types are unable to think and want to preserve the emotional dynamic at all times no matter what and t types are the ones who ride roughshod over ... either you have : 1 . typed the isfps as esfp because they seem extroverted . 2 . wrongly assumed that esfp = esfp . no one can guarantee that , but esfj almost always is esfj , it just happens haha . ... i don't fit in and i never will . but i am still fun as hell to be around . since i am a supporter of socionics , i naturally think socionics is much more valid than mbti . mbti has its uses in quick and dirty typing using tests , but otherwise , mbti types are reduced to just ... what would you know about socionics , someone who has over 2000 posts in an mbti forum ? indeed the validity of mbti has screwed with your mind mr . intp . you know not what you speak of . what site ? link me . haha , not bullshit . facial expressions or lack thereof and general behavior are very telling in order to discover personality . i talk very fast . i need to get out all this information because my brain moves faster than my lips can talk . 99 problems but a girl ain't one she's a whore , she toyed with your feelings . what do you think i am going to say ? we love you :D <3 false . socionics has the ability to predict the general trend of a relationship between two types . took me two months to learn socionics . i don't regret it . it has helped me in my life in more profound ways than mbti did . it told me to not pursue a relationship with an ili ( intp ) girl . i ignored it ... the j / p switch is untrue . mbti functions are not the same as socionics functions although they are named the same , and i know a couple people who i gave the mbti test and came out as intp and have ... if you will read on over the next couple days , you will see that socionics is a well-established theory , just as established as mbti , although leagues less popular . trust me on this . and i still ... what is truly novel is the theory as a whole , its ability to predict the course of relationships between types rather than just focusing on cool type profiles . you are a definite ili man , no doubt of that . you're lucky we are super-ego relations . i happen to be a sei ( isfp ) in socionics , so we will be fighting in this thread for a while . :P what is really cool are the intertype relations and the quadras which are formed by your valued functions . it's like one happy family . yeah , it's not that far-off from reality . but as you might agree , a much more fool-proof method is to know people in real life rather than looking at candid photos of them . photos are one-dimensional ... haha , not all socionists believe in the validity of vi . you need to get good at it . it's not so much the structure of the face and body as it is the body and face language of the person . i know a ... if you are unwilling to distinguish between valid theory and crackpot claims , fine . but don't try to bad-mouth something you are afraid to look into . these descriptions are russian bullshit , end of story . socionics is not mbti , so don't expect a mbti type description . how a socionics type description works is how through the blocks of functions ... socionics is a vastly superior system to mbti bro , and i would disregard all this intj have rounded shoulders nonsense immediately . this is not how socionics works . check out wikisocion for what ... i just demonize the person haha . but all the advice i can give comes from this quote you miss my point . i very rarely tell a girl i am interested for fear of being shot down , but i will spend all possible time with you so you will make the move yourself . i don't even bother with ... yeah , i feel for you . find a new girl man , one who won't treat you like a bitch . party slut girls are gross . i like your type of woman better . don't come to me , i will come to you if i like you . simple as that . you're cute . yes (: you are compensating for your heartbreak man , watch out . i would be wary if i were you man , but it's your life . you are crushing hard , and i myself am subconsciously compensating for my girl haha ... yeah , i treat everyone with respect , which is rare in our society today . that is a really cool story man . i really liked it . i can string verse together and i love color . (: yes , in a sense , i am indeed unique . even regarding the other isfp i know , i don't feel they know the real me at all . this is all i can say that is otherworldly . i myself have a hard time with ... well , since i have never considered myself an artist , i use my fi to make judgments regarding my friends and family , what i feel to be right regarding how i treat them , and think about how they treat ... no . if anything , i would imagine isfp to be one of the more grounded types of the sixteen . i see things how they are , and although i may idealize things a bit , i am certainly not in an other-wordly ... the idea is , you don't want someone emotional since you yourself is emotional , but you want someone who can open up to you . nope , you are looking for an entp . this isn't even type related . the girl is sick . congrats , isfp have that ability . but relax man , i doubt she is the one either , but who knows . gauge her as time goes on . i myself have felt the urge to replace the intp with any girl at all , and i ... as you can see from my signature and my avatar , i love color and beautiful things , but i am terrible at art . i am going to college for a degree in biochemistry . that must suck . ): oh man , out of the frying pan and into the fire . your friends don't understand how you feel about her , do they ? they aren't very good friends if they make a mockery of this , but it is irrelevant . you are working to forget about her now . i ... well , if he gets a girl , he is going to feel a hell of a lot better about himself . but yes , he needs to relax about it . if he is like me , he knows he deserves more than what he is getting , but a lot ... this will be painful , but it will be worth it . you can bet your money on it . that makes two of us who are repressed . i deal with it by firmly believing that i will find a girl who accepts me for ... this type of wisdom only comes from experience . this is the only reason i don't regret trying to get with the intp for a whole year . i learned things about relationships and women i would have never ... you gotta tell her the truth . you need to get your mind into a position that you will be able to do this . tell her everything , all the pain you have suffered . you can't have her hanging around with ... i missed your last post . i would get out now , no matter how painful it may be . she has a boyfriend , and you are only hurting yourself by hanging around her . trust me on this . yes , i have just gotten through this . i got over it because i realized she was just wasn't right for me . i had to tell myself , i can't talk to her anymore , because i was so attached to her and it was ... anything by lights will get an isfp choked up , since she is an isfp . listen to this song , and let yourself become as dynamic as the music , ever changing . youtube - lights - face up i used to ... i know that is a big turn off for you . i would stand up for your principles . he probably isn't as great as you think if he abuses alcohol like that . '