' count me in . i'm willing to argue either for or against pretty much any topic . i can work as judge , but would prefer to be a participant . work is extremely demanding at the moment , probably until ... cold fingers , a couple of random thoughts : - it's highly likely that you're nowhere near as boring as you think you are . i think your highschool experience may still be affecting how you see ... so this poll is not about our own political preferences , but our guesses on how the majority of other istjs would respond . i'm a bit confused . wouldn't the visibility of the ongoing poll result ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcPc18SG6uA the guy who cracks sex jokes . :d ry : i actually dug up my old class yearbook for this . in the section where we were supposed to write flattering things about each other , six of my classmates ... sure . :D i just dump all files onto my desktop screen . there's so much crap that i can hardly see adriana lima now . this thread reminded me to start making folders again . out of idle curiosity , is there any iron maiden music video that does not have some black-and-white footage from 1920-1950 ? : 0 and of course , up the irons ! one of my favourite tracks ... to put it simply : your parents are not well . the reason that you find it difficult to make sense of their behaviour is precisely because they lack rational basis . people nowadays are too quick ... on a semi-related note regarding diets , keeping pet snails is incidentally increasing my own vegetable consumption . these days i give them slices of celery / carrot / lettuce / whatever and snack on what's ... mbti enthusiast : i'm really sorry for the late response . workload was unbelievable this week . my frustration has been that both sp / sx and sx / sp descriptions online contain bits that i relate to , ... i reduce caffeine intake and generally stay away from the computer . the latter is most effectively achieved by going out and vacating the house during the day . none of this is very pleasant . you ... tbh i was also taken aback by the humongous s / n percentage difference . i cited this survey simply because it has the largest sample number to date , but would personally take the figures with a grain ... a lot of korean bloggers peg him as an xsfj . one esfj poster apparently pushes for yoo being an introvert : the man is supposedly a total homebody , has confessed to having mild stage fright , and gets ... there's nothing hard to understand here - the op is an oversimplified comparison of behavioural stereotypes . i don't blame the above posters for being uninterested . the professor was attempting to tip the scale by posing that additional question . like you ( and me ) the majority of the students initially answered that they'd save 10 people . this response became ... 1 . there's dignity in embracing the consequences brought about by one's own actions . hell yeah i'll tell the truth . protip : work on the apologetic smile . be cute . 2 . tell the truth . no ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STWRdLJkvbk deadmilkman : 42657 excuse the slime trails on the wall ; that's what happens when i neglect to wipe it off for a day . : unsure : the half-buried dud ( ette ) is giorgio . the one sitting on top of ... the snails seem pretty happy . they eat a lot , crap a lot and move around a lot . lettuce , squash , watermelon rinds and ground eggshells have all been met with warm reception . armani ( ... because the ... because percussions are awesome : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOtcMxTxaN4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfceAvdwKg4&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l1dLHxLTrA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InNJDqlIq9g i used to entertain the notion that j-rock performers really can't sing ( that , or the japanese ... i got the same animal , and had the same reaction . : 0 thanks . yours must've been freshwater snails . mine seem to be land snails of a local variety ; i was told to place shallow water containers in their habitat lest they drown in the thing . the ... nope , gf thinks i'm the funniest guy alive . love blinds . http://static.fjcdn.com/comments/Didn+t+think+it+would+get+this+popular+_53e020d314a7a930ec9802b4a426f4ec.jpg + and she takes ... i now own a pair of snails . my mother apparently visited a farm recently and came back with them . i thought she got them to make compost for her potted plants or something . but no , mum told me ... sadly , yes . you'd be surprised by the number of people who believe that stereotypes have some basis in truth , that they ' don't get formed for nothing . ' it's far too easy for people to make ... on the contrary , i think women would have a lot to lose personally by gender-stereotypical portrayals . mass media is a pervasive force that shapes people's thoughts ; repeated exposure to an idea ... no ... my hobbies include daydreaming , making up imaginary worlds inhabited by furry magical creatures , and singing / humming to myself .   ... the above conversation reminded me of an article that i came across recently : in search of a feminine feminism : why skirts are the new pants . cari knip : i agree with the notion that one's ... re : birthdays 1 . food , dessert , people i love : yes . 2 . gifts : highly optional . 3 . group song from the restaurant staff : javert from hugo's les miserables . i also frequently sympathize with antagonists who claw their way up to the top only to be struck down because of their seeming ' lack of humanity . ' something ... glad i'm not the only one who read the opening of the premise and thought ' fight or f * * k ! ' being an enfp will not exempt any individual from a duel to the death . melodic death / symphonic black metal , 80 ' s heavy metal and synth pop , tons of guitar instrumentals . but really , anything catchy is good in my book .   ... i think they are schoolkids . the youngest of them looks young enough to be in elementary school actually . i'd reckon the rest of them are in middle school ... highschool at the most .   ... what's not to like about being a self-recharging battery ? i must say i'm very proud of myself . thrilled to have been of service . thanks for letting me know ! : wink : what happens at the end of act 3 ? i haven't really gotten around to playing ... congrats le9acymuse . you're an eloquent writer and i enjoy reading your posts . congrats on the robothood ! ;) this ' method ' merely lists cognitive functions by another set of names , then proceeds to give advice that's vague and nonsensical . how exactly has this helped you out ? i feel alone ... so alone . http://emilyj712.wikispaces.com/file/view/Teddies.jpg/256826320/Teddies.jpg gah i wish the picture was bigger . fifth row , third from the left ? ^ this . and the whole post deserves a sticky of its own imo . http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19940559.jpg just kidding . you may carry on . ;) i actually like parents ' day ( as it's celebrated here ) because it provides me with a legit excuse to do those embarrasing stuff for my folks . stuff that i normally don't do all that often , if i may ... i'm not particularly cold . my face is just really crappy at doing expressions , that's all . : sad : http://www.plokta.com/plokta/issue17/george.gif i'm not sure . i wouldn't say it's likely though . what also occurs to me is that even if he does say yes to a relationship then , it will have been a somewhat forced choice on his part ( a choice ... personally ? yeah . eight months is more than enough time for a guy to figure out what he wants from a woman . even if you decide to wait around , there's really no guarantee that he'll change his ... leelawho : the search function on this site sucks . google works better ime . i typed in personality cafe : istj autism and got this thread .  ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiA7KE-xl5s '