' it is some blend of not wanting to live an ordinary or suboptimal life and wanting to have an impact on others . h o w e v e r , i'm still shaking off my bad habit to procrastinate . i want to light ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9jNSwmEQ3s&user=HalseyVEVO actually , sorry , this is quite incorrect . plato's famous piece the republic is an argument about knowledge and a case against democracy because the democracy of athens ( the world's first ... i propose you look at it this way : ° when most people receive praise , it only takes one negative comment to cut through their current joy . ° when a day is thus far going well , one incident or ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuK2W5JgAZ4&user=BakermatOfficialVEVO https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhU9MZ98jxo&user=ChainsmokersVEVO no , this is honestly really only the case in the us . other english speaking countries enjoy using it with some frequency . hard consonants make certain words more satisfying to use , particularly when ... i personally am not aware of any narcissistic tendencies , if anything i am self-critical [ other types are absolutely welcome ] background : i have happened upon a considerable amount of reading lately ( such as this survey , blog posts on tumblr , and even some polls on this site ) ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feA64wXhbjo&user=modularpeople why has this song become a meme though ? ? ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbKmm_xAEro&user=All%20Ski%20Casino i sometimes get so deep in thought that i become visually detached from my environment . every now and then i have moments where i come back to the world around me and realise that my eyes have been ... we're not socially awkward ! ? : shocked : : unsure : i guess it is only me ... i would have to say ... you need to be confident , initiate conversations , be a supportive figure , have some depth of character ( in my experience infps tend to be well read and cultured individuals ) , ... the best and purest path to connection is having a shared interest to talk about . the more passionate the better . i think it is safe to say most people have interjected themselves into someone ... intj , male based on how quickly i connect ... most : enfp , enfj , infp least : istj , estj , estp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w5jPT8LMF0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vusqQJ56iIM with some regularity , perc is now starting to redirect me to false adobe updates that was incredible you are new on personality cafe so you may be unfamiliar with the forum rules ( linked ) . under rule number 1 . do not make personal attacks - subsection type-bullying moderators have defined ... over the years i have become more capable of handling sudden changes , i would not say i have ever had a control issue though . the only thing i am still irked by is a last minute cancellation of ... i am a liberal socialist ( linked ) , i also avoid party affiliation . i think the baseline of friendship is a reciprocated enjoyment of company with maintenance , you need to stay in communication . if we like one another but do not really talk , or talk much anymore , ... i am not sure if there is a type . the three most uptight people in my life so far have been an esfj , istj , and enfj . i'm really excited for information to come out about mass effect andromeda ( n7 day ) revisiting old episodes of the yogpod https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3se8RL2144 it is not a feature available to you anymore , but its listing in the settings remains in the site's coding . i am actually quite awful at maintaining eye contact . ^ honestly , that is some solid wisdom ! i would definitely heed antipode's words ! i am going to probably come off as insensitive in saying this , but she seems to be acting ridiculously . i understand respect for personal space and a need for trust in a relationship , i praise these ... i have been here for a while and i do not create threads without some resulting substance in mind . i would not worry about it , i think it is normal . e . g . i once had a very complex thread i wanted ... while i would appreciate the effort my partner went through and the idea behind it , i would personally find it unnecessary and a little bit frustrating to do just to be able to get my hands on my ... i have never associated myself with the term alpha because i do not see myself as being dominant or confident enough . ___ when it comes to anything professional i certainly will take ... i initially answered for : how does one humiliate me ? to recap it is by providing instances of me being a failure as a friend , worker , human being , and not living up to my own standards . because i ... i fully agree with heart , these should not be thought of as mutually exclusive traits . i deeply desire aspects of both of these qualities in a significant other . ___ i like people ... i can take a deal of criticism and own up to my shortcomings , but if you know me on a personal level it is not too difficult to drive a knife into me . i think i am most sensitive to failure ... ' hei ' please and thank you . i realise a user of stranger status is ' hei ' , all lowercase , i hope this makes my temp name change choice a nonissue achievements were removed , lingering bits such as the notifications remain i welcome the entertainment plaza's presence on this site because i recognise it helps people integrate themselves into personality cafe's community , as mentioned by many people here . a presence ... oh , allow me to clarify . i did not think you were being a boastful arse , no worries . what is noteworthy about intjs , whom as young adults tend to feel misanthropic , as they mature do tend to ... sure , this could have been because you are liked by your peers , that you have some charm . this is not to be flat out discredited . but there is more to entertain here . ° you could not help the ... i second the move of the personality test section to spam world , if not its complete removal . i think many members know it has long been used as a cheap way to raise user post / thread count by ... enfp safe spaces have have been hijacked and turned into complete rubbish > / / ~ / / < oh my goodness , i wrote beth instead , my apologies i am sorry , but please let us not mix facts with personal feelings , there is little more aggravating . it is not clear that it has everything or anything to do with just the op of that thread at all , ... this proposal has been asked about a few times and already ruled on by the site founder . http://personalitycafe.com/support-suggestions/522586-astrology-threads-some-other-things-3.html that's tough to say decisively , mate . i prefer to be asked directly because i can otherwise be quite oblivious to romantic intentions . i do not want an interested person to become frustrated and ... i would argue beth has given you the most crucial advice which is to engage this girl by asking her personal questions . something of great relevance is your age . i am certainly not aware of ... '