' this , so much . : happy : funny thing about growing up . you finally get to do whatever you want , except anything you might actually want to do . : tongue : i guess i'm a kind of social darwinist . i think that the powerful win in the long run , and that this is a law of human society . this is how it will always be , and how it always has been . there's ... it's almost as if people are more than their personality type ... nervous before a date ? make yourself confident and relaxed by writing down a long list of words that make you feel that way and repeating them over and over . there are two kinds of boredom : type 1 ) i have so much to do and it's all so pointless ! type 2 ) i have so little to do , and it's all so pointless ! i've transitioned to type 2 ) in the ... stop paying for video games , then . ever heard of post-purchase bias ? it's like the exact opposite of buyer's regret . when you buy something expensive , you try to justify your purchase , and one way to ... maybe that's not such a bad thing ? how long do you drop these activities for , ' cuz if it's for just a few days , i wouldn't call it a productivity issue . holy shit ! : shocked : yes . i'm often looking out at my thoughts in my head so i move my head around a lot and make weird faces when i'm thinking really hard , often smiling like a madman while staring intensely at things ... ^ please tell me this is real . he lives reasonably ever after . bmineral probably lives with his grandma now . you are now aware that lydia's death will be ruled a suicide and her daughter will think that she abandoned her in the worst way possible . i think it's absurd to say that skyler's nagging is what made walt coo-coo for cocoa puffs . gretchen and eliot . her subsequent actions suggest that she was merely concerned about her family's safety . what she's really afraid of is that someone in her family could end up like gus . i mean , if someone like gus ... i take the opposite view . i think she's pretty much exactly the same as walt . the main difference being that she can't cook meth and has much more to lose than walt does . yeah , but that in no way makes her a hypocrite . throughout all that , i don't think she even once says that what walt is doing is wrong . she certainly thinks it's putting their family in danger , but ... i'm not defending her actions , i'm just showing that she is not hypocritical . yes , she helped him launder money , but she did not disagree with walt's meth cooking out of moral concerns by that ... true , but that was before the whole gus thing and her finding out just how dangerous he really is . before that , from her perspective , walt was simply doing something illegal , like beneke . during that ... she never aided him and told him what he was doing was wrong at the same time . before she was an accomplice , she was attempting suicide to get her kids away from walt . when she was an accomplice , she ... but that's just what normal people do . why is that a reason to hate her ? it was like this : http://www.threadbombing.com/data/media/2/bb2.gif except more intense and every five minutes . thank you , dear sigs . :p roud : neutral evil a neutral evil villain does whatever she can get away with . she is out for herself , pure and simple . she sheds no tears for those she kills , whether for profit , sport , or ... it's my default method of learning . pretty much everything i know , i learned by myself . i don't understand how people can lack the motivation or ability to do it . to me it's as natural as ... hello ! : kitteh : what dany needs is one of these : http://sakura-no-kuni.weebly.com/uploads/1/2/2/8/12282841/3999118_orig.jpg?304 she'd be much better off with a spear and a short-sword than anything else , considering she'll probably be riding a dragon . a bow would be useless in close quarters and superfluous on dragon-back . a ... mhysa ! damn ! now i really can't wait for the new season . littlefinger ... the gods only know what game littlefinger is playing . - - lord varys no , yes , and yes . funny . these are my top three favorite characters ( littlefinger at the top , and then i can't decide whether i like daenerys or tyrion more ) , but i don't understand all the hate that littlefinger gets . roose bolton is an idiot if he thinks tywin is going to let him stay lord of winterfell ( i'm assuming that this is what tywin promised him in exchange for robb's life ) . does he not know that sansa is ... what the hell ? am i the only one who's actually rooting for team lannister ? face it . robb stark was simply too impulsive to be a king . one does not simply balk an oath made to one powerful lord ... reminds me of hamlet . reallife.com then you'll be fucking your own bride , with a wooden cock . what did you say ? ... what . did you . say ! ? best moment of the season . littlefinger's speech . ' nuff said . like this : 69577 oh yeah , i don't know if anybody else caught this , but it seems that tywin's decision to marry sansa and tyrion implies that he plans to kill robb stark if he captures him ( also bran and his borther , ... it could just be that the writers fucked up , but it's also possible that the north didn't send in literally every last soldier they had . a good portion of them must have stayed behind in each holding ... what the hell , mormont didn't die ... did he ? o . 0 this . also , the incompetence of the fbi and swat doesn't surprise anywhere near as much as how well joe's plan worked out considering that the people under him are bunch of lunatics . nothing at ... agreed . they should have ended the season on the episode where joe and joey meet at the house . would have been an epic cliff hanger for the next season . i agree if by bitch you mean my favorite character . did you all see the crime against nature they pulled last night ? so fucking mad ! ! ! : angry : : angry : : angry : : angry : : angry : : angry : i'm getting hyperlinks in text . i think it's something to do with firefox , since they occur on every site despite the fact that i have adblocker on . '