' shea , i love how even the thought of alpacas and llamas lingers in your mind . haha , i would've asked the same , too ! so great to hear that you're from montreal ! had circumstances not creeped up , i would've gone to mcgill too . now i live only two hours away . i visit very often though . it would be so neat if there ... i like to live a simple life . it's been a year and a half since i've stopped using a cell phone , and about six months since i've had a laptop . nowadays , i just use my ipad to keep in touch with the ... i wouldn't say i intentionally test people , but i do study them in a very deep and subtle way so that i could draw a character analysis of them . what's funny is that i'm highly aware when others ... never mind meeting someone who can understand me completely , for i don't understand myself completely , either . there's so much of who i am , whatever is buried in my psyche , that i myself must dare to ... simply being and tapping into the present moment - that's the only time that's ever real . that's the most alive you can ever get . it's alright , many people are busying their lives away , with busy ... i'm really considering cancelling my phone service and some social media connections . if people truly want to find me , they will . i feel like you're hiding something . no , i'm not hiding anything , at least not intentionally . it's just me , that elusive part of me . something you can't grasp . something you'll never understand . talked to myself . pretended i had an imaginary friend , and had my own conversations out loud . i always read whatever i want , regardless of what others think . what i mean is , because i don't have anyone to discuss these weird ideas with , i just feel even lonelier in my head . haha , it's an ... i wonder the exact same thing . sometimes , when i go to the science or philosophy section of a bookstore with the intention of picking up a book , i end up putting it down because i'm well aware that ... before , the thought of babies was just repulsive ; and even then , i was still very nurturing whenever i encountered one . when i was in high school though , i became an aunt . according to my family , i'm ... leaving my mind and entering my heart , and the realm of emotions . yes , and often . sometimes i find that i have so much to say that i don't know where to begin ; and even after writing out my response , i tend to feel that it doesn't do my mind any justice . so i take ... keep talking , i like it . i ramble about theories all day too , and look for people who don't mind it . i need new clothes because i can't really fit into my old ones anymore ... these past months i'd managed to gain over 10 lbs from stress and heartbreak . keep in mind that i'm very short too . oh well , ... i know , i realized that a while ago too ! updates are often from infj forums ; i'd have to search way back for an updated enfj one . they're probably out busy collecting little minions . lol , i had to laugh here . i know , i catch your drift . ps . apologies to lad for derailing the thread . :P i've never felt that the world owes me , because the world doesn't owe me anything . do you mean that you wish people could appreciate you more , as much as you appreciate them ? if so , ... i prefer the truth , no matter how much it hurts . similarly , i'd prefer to tell someone the truth too , though i'd soften my approach so as not to hurt them too much . because if you love someone , truly ... affirmations would be nice , but i don't really need them . hearing from someone that they like / love me once ( or twice ) in a blue moon is fine , because i find that actions mean more than words ... wow . i was just thinking about this too . indeed , i do tend to think that people don't remember me all that much , because i assume that for the most part , i care more about people than they do about ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oD2XV_Ri800 i offered my thoughts in class today and my prof responded that i'm one of the cynics . i feel as if everyone sees me as a cynic , or at least some kind of tainted idealist . if you don't necessarily ... i like you guys . a lot . with the nts i know , i really appreciate the intellectual discussions and weird sense of humour we share . i don't know what it is , but i often feel as if i can relate to you ... i feel that as time goes by , i no longer believe in the notion of best friends . there are those with whom you can form deep solid connections , and those who just float on by . sick - fever , cold , sore throat . you name it . funnily , i woke up this morning with socks on which means that someone had secretly put them on me last night ! they also went out in the freezing cold ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvgN5gCuLac because george carlin knows what's up . i have the same barney . where is it ? now i'm sad . i have the same barney . where is it ? now i'm sad . i can see where you're coming from . i feel that i know myself deeply , but do i know myself completely ? probably not . that thing that's incommunicable to others is an identity , yes , but more than ... i feel that i'm a 4w5 too . i'm reserved and private , but sometimes i do over-share information about myself and end up talking a lot . i think it's because i seek authentic relationships and a sense ... you know what's messed up ? playing it safe every day . doing x today to achieve y tomorrow . same bullshit , different day . what if tomorrow doesn't come ? what the hell are we waiting for ? for the world ... just wanted to make a note : reading everyone's comments here made me feel at home and very safe , like i belonged somewhere in this world and that there are kind , loving people who truly understand ... reading this is like reading about me too . being the black sheep of the family or the so-called problem child ; having my parents ripping me to shreds my entire life , albeit unintentionally ; dad with ... when i read your post , it reminded me a lot of myself as a kid . especially the ant thing . can we be friends ? i was surprised when my closest friend of almost 7 years just told me that she thinks that she doesn't really know much about me . yet here i am thinking that i'd already granted her access to my ... i've never lived alone , but i'd love to ! in fact , i could imagine myself living on my own forever , but with friends and loved ones visiting here and there . or , i could live with a future partner , but ... wherever it is , it's not here . whatever it is , it's not this . it's true , i long for something that's far off . i feel nostalgic for a place i've never known , yet it's so vivid in my mind . i long for ... i like alan watts . no matter what , try to keep his words of wisdom in mind : x93forget the money . because if you say that getting the money is the most important thing , you will spend your life ... come to think of it , i've had many blogs before , with seemingly different personalities behind them . for example , i've had a blog dedicated purely to intellectual topics in science , philosophy , ... my spine would tingle in discomfort if i called someone fake . not only do we not know others to the extent that they know themselves , but more importantly , i wonder how many of us truly know ... isn't it weird ? i feel as if the only way for me to start fresh in life , is to completely abandon my family and friends , or the person i am , to become the person i could be . sometimes , when i look at ... first : in my head , i'll be like , aw shit , da fuq ? but i wouldn't get angry or anything . what's done is done . i wouldn't make a big situation out of nothing , it's not worth it . instead , i'd be ... i'm a big fan of haruki murakami . ;) when i was in high school , i loved reading fiction , especially mystery . i probably have around twenty of james patterson's books sitting on my bookshelf ! nowadays ... same . i'm as plain as plain gets . i don't wear makeup ; i only straighten my hair . as for clothes , very simple - jeans , t-shirts , cardigans , and long-sleeved shirts . i also like neutral colours . all ... i think it depends on the conflict . if it's impersonal stuff that has to do with intellectual debates and such , i love a good challenge . even then , the environment is harmonious , as we agree to ... when i was a teen in high school , i was very reserved and kept to myself and my small , close-knit group of friends . i didn't care to fit in or date around ; i was very much focused on academics and ... you pretty much summed me up in a nutshell . when i'm extremely stressed , i become different than my usual self . it's as if i've lost my footing . i'll start to avoid my problems and responsibilities , and resort to focusing on my immediate ... '