' hi . delete my post plase . sorry . :D le me . 47843 hmmm . i like tooth gaps between the incisors for no particular reason . haha . oh god . i changed . 45195 45196 45197 45198 unlike other nf types i rarely cry at movies ... actually i only cried watching brokeback mountain and the green mile ... still i found grave of the fireflies sooo touching . i love morbid things . i love melancholic music / movies etc . i often can't listen to people because they bore me . isn't it a pretty good social skill to sort out people you can't relate to ? :P p no really i know that sooo good . i really have difficulties to listen to stories of some of my best friends , yet ... intp , i guess . :D i don't even exactly know why . :D you could ask someone who you don't like to watch after your dog for a week . metal , rock , ambient , neofolk , country , dronedoom , indie , post-rock , classical , some rap ... really everything . hmm games can't entertain me that long to be honest haha :D :D and if i really love a game i need holidays because i tend to play it day and night then :D and i don't have holidays . so no games ... uhm ... i listen to both , but mostly male . ( there aren't as much females in my music taste-related-bands as males :D ) test tells 9 . can't really relate to it . 4 or 7 more , i guess ... 7w6 or something pretty much was me , but really i couldn't find that much new about me there :/ haha :D yes i really complain a lot , actually . sometimes . but afterwards i often say i shouldn't complain , though and play it off . also : it's hard for me to accept a truth without complaining ... am i the only one who doesn't care about enegramms ? i guess eneagramms don't tell that much about your personality :/ i mean there are only 9 types ! mbti is telling much more about humans ... good luck ! since i know i'm enfp i'm always conscious of the fact that i'm an enfp and kinda behave more like one , which is pretty awesome :D i guess enfp are cool . + the fact that my t works pretty good ... i'm not that good at drawing :D i guess i'm morelike the writer . and : yes . it is boring here . without a car i would be pretty screwed here :D city ? 10 people are living here like ... in the next ... 948429 kilometres . really , there's nothin here :D and i guess i'll go to bed soon . i gonna go to a university tomorrow where i want to ... not in my world . ( i'm german . ) you're sitting at your computer alone in the evening listening to summerish music and you just suddenly are in such a fuckin good mood and you just wanna do something but it's too late and you ... well ... i like it black to be honest :D i feel kinda ... elegant when wearing black :D but also .. black . it kinda shows my music-taste , too . and i guess black just suits me well . some people ... amazing stuff ! that's actually something i totally love ! i love that kind of music . is it really your band ? :D it's so damn amazing ! exactly that's what we do . but sometimes world's so fucked up that we can't even laugh about it . you won't guess how much candy we got :D ( yes we actually did trick or treat in these outfits . ) we spoke in bad spanish ( we're mexicans . ) dulce o acido ! ! ! ( sweet or sour , that's what the kids ... hm . everyone's lookin so good . i need to change that :D long hair freak incoming ! ! mysterious black / white picture http://s1.directupload.net/images/110215/3vh7b2nl.png this is my new ... what is your reasoning behind making them ? having friends afterwards . what do you gain from it ? friendship . what makes you smile when you are in one ? friendship . why do you make friends with ... ... when you're sitting in your math-classes , imagine all the things your teacher says comes out as blah blah blah or something totally random in his voice and his current emphasis and you must ... i'm sending some new letters from germany to you all ! äöäß here , because everyones wants some of them : äöüßäöüßäöüßäößüäößüöäßüöäßöüßäößüöäßüößäöüßöäßüöäßö ask for more if that's not ... i'm just getting totally angry then , but i do the same as revenge so we're quit . but mostly the people then recognize that i just do it because they did it ... hm . intps seem to have the most awesomestest musics tastes . katatonia - criminals ( i know . not intp . i don't care . ) i just recognized myself in this so much , actually . well ... i don't think i would annoy nts . i really don't do drama or something and i don't get why nt should be afraid of feelers :D or annoyed . i guess it really depends on who you meet . not ... metal . ( doom , death , black , folk , gothic , thrash , power , heavy ... every kind of . ) rock . ( indie , southern , stoner , { post } - punk ... ) post-rock . shoegaze . ambient . neofolk . country . classical ... hm ... here on the countryside it's not that unusual that there are patriots . and it's not a taboo ;D i guess that's just a clichee or a prejudice . i know many un-patriotic people and also ... yeees . in my signature . or here : campeybene ? s music profile ? users at last.fm i did not join the military in germany . i don't feel that much connection to the land and don't feel like i should serve it . i really don't get patriotism . doesn't mean i hate every patriot . i just ... i kinda laughed at this because it sounds like istj is the personification of all evil and pretty exaggerated . then i realized you're totally right . who cares ! the music still rules . and yes . maiden are ... the shit ! :D i love them . for me neither . well , i guess enfp is the most introverted types of the e-types , isn't it ? they have to think about their relationships , their values etc . before they act often . and the fact that ... i guess there are some ! e . g . : - no need to learn but still get good grades - not stupid ! ( i hate that there is the stereotype that enfp are dull or just childish and never think ... that's ... an enfp friend and me always get in fights because we exactly know what pisses the other one off :D we know that we are pretty similar so we know what pisses the other one . wow i gotta tell ... nothing corny on that , i guess . i guess it's normal for nf-types to do so . yes yes yes yes yes ! ! i said that when i started typing myself and when i read that s / j types are the most of the population my first thought was : whyyy nooo that's why the society is as it ... shortly a friends said : in every movie there's that one stupid idiot . why does it have to exist in our real life ? he actually was a little bit annoyed of me , i guess . :D sorry for doubleposting , but really nobody ? that's a thing why i've mistyped myself as a t in the beginning but then i realized that it is more connected with fi than i thought :/ both fuckin ' awesome , socrates . ... often don't show that i really like someone . too shy . mostly i imagine i'm a singer of a band and headbang and sing . hey . i'm wondering if this is only me : many people can't read me and think i'm pretty shy and a serious person and actually only the people i'm close to know me and appreciate me for what i am ... '