is it ever possible to have the perfect life ? perfect body ? perfect relationships ? perfect job ? i'm not sure . what am i striving for , then ? i'd probably be a cleric . a neutral good cleric . does anyone else enjoy the healer role in games ? is that linked to infps at all ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQeMxWjpr-Y ' there are no foreign lands . it is the traveller only who is foreign . ' ' we are all travellers in the wilderness of this world , and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend . ' ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRwijpJqLUw paraffin ? paraffin wax ? it's the lines on my nana's face as she tells me the meaning of life , and the patterns in the smoke of her cigarette , and the swirls in the old wooden table .  ... should i call ? 92403 ' man cannot remake himself without suffering , for he is both the marble and the sculptor . ' - alexis carrel unrelated : i want to write a poem about february in australia . eh , relaxed , actually . yooo , books ! i haven't read any of the ones you've listed , sorry , but i'm only young . i should write them down for later . i guess i'll post my favourite young adult fiction trilogy , because ... 1 . you are walking in the woods . who are you walking with ? i'm probably by myself actually . so i can be at peace with my own thoughts . 2 . you are walking in the woods . you see an animal . what ... if you ignore the gender swap and the pressure of saving the world , i'd definitely be 91731 definitely green . as well as autumn colours . when people talk shit about someone who does not deserve it one bit . take your prejudiced , racist , sexist , hurtful and all round unreasonable opinions elsewhere or god help you , i will shout and ... theodore from that new movie ' her ' . he had an amazing outlook on life . well i suppose i'll bite . i'd just dropped out of high school due to depression . i ended up seeing counselors at a company specifically for teens and young adults . in addition to that , there were ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI0KIsRo1zk i'm not actually that picky with making friends . i believe that every person on earth is worth talking and listening to and making a bond with . i'll probably learn something new by hanging round with ... i'm in love . unemployed , but in love . couple more waistcoats . 91723 91724 91725 if a man walked up to me in one of these i might faint a little bit . happy australia day guys ! ! i hope that wherever you are , you are learning to love yourself , and move positively into the future , working on creating the best you your lovely infp self can possibly ... you know you're an infp when you want stags wearing leather jackets to be a thing . yeah . animals with personalities wearing clothes , haha . time to daydream . feeling melancholy on a cloudy summer afternoon . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbI-B-hffbM waistcoat porn ? waistcoat porn . 91608 91609 91610 91611 91612 i just ... i just really like waistcoats . i recommend it ! you can choose whatever film you want , and don't have to worry about how anyone else is finding it . you can feel , think and react how you want to it . and no one judges you for the ... what if ... what if we could touch people and absorb some of the pain they are feeling , physically or emotionally . like , hey buddy , you look kind of down today , do you want me to take some of that ... going to go see a movie tonight by myself . i'm really looking forward to it . anyone else love doing this ? here , have a shock blanket . http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v620/Redmagelilith/tumblr_m0kn8tOEFa1ro8fvjo2_250.gif i know how you feel . http://static.lockerz.com/decalz/W310/image0013421298102926c4fsr.gif it's 11:10 pm , and it's pouring down with rain ! ! should i go and sit in it ? i think i'll go sit in it . did anyone else watch eurovision last weekend ? i think this is a very infp song ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmc21V-zBq0 prince aleksandar von hohenberg from scott westerfeld's leviathan series . oh man , i had a crush on him for ages . and i'm 80 % sure he's an infp too , so i could empathise well with him . oh , alek . how ... hahaha , oh no , they're definitely not mine . i'm flattered , though ! : tongue : i probably should have posted the artist's name along with them . thanks , i love them ! they're oil paintings by artist jeremy mann . i wish i could paint like that ... i'm a fan of ' sonder ' - the realisation that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own - populated with their own ambitions , friends , routines , worries and inherited ... i get this all the time . : blushed : i like the name simon . and elizabeth . but i'm not really sure . what country do you want to travel to ? or what is your favourite country to be in other than your own ? 7260672607 72608 does anyone else love the rain ? this is sydney right now . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vvs4__2XRI i've just realised - i've lost my heart . wow , ok . i started losing it two years ago , and this year it has left me altogether . i am tired , worn out , and i'm finding it hard to feel anymore . my heart ... i typically read fantasy novels , to escape into a world that isn't ours . i'm currently rereading the a song of ice and fire series . what is your one true favourite song ? the one you go to when the ... music can speak to anyone , anywhere in the world , no matter who they are or how they've been brought up . it is the oldest , widest , deepest language the earth has ever known . ' the soul that sees ... imagine if everyone in the world got into bed and slept at the same time . the earth would be so quiet for a few hours . it's almost the weekend ! finally ... i am so exhausted ... why the hell not . http://img.pandawhale.com/post-14135-Relaxing-looping-tea-gif-6UHJ.gif you can't buy happiness , but you can buy tea . which is kind of the same thing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkm6EK9j9hs this song feels kind of infpish to me . i love it , it holds so much emotion . i wonder what type hiccup is , from httyd ? perhaps he's an infp ... done are the days of the cage around my heart today will start a new beating of unburdened blood i've always wanted to be an outdoors person . i love the idea of it , but i'm always too lazy in the end ! i have a bike , i need to use it ! well , that can be a goal for me for the future . note to self - ... taurus - earth ! i have a passion for astrology . i don't really believe it all , but i love looking it up and learning about it . but i'd like to think i'm down to earth and patient like a true ...