' i would put contra as enfp personally . she said regarding her live debate with blair white there was a fundamental disagreement in values . right at the start of the debate , she wanted to set ... agree on mae as isfp , been arguing for that . most of these seem really accurate . interesting note , the pastor is partially based on the creator's struggle when he was a pastor when he himself began ... filthy frank comes across as an introvert in his interview with the needledrop . he plays a character . idubbz is definitely entp though . agreed with mae as isfp . why istp for bae ? she seems somewhat distant from physical interaction . mae criticized her for using a computer and not real drums , while bea criticized mae for being too ... thanks for the rec . ! but you're right , steve irwin was one in a f * * * ing million and he'll never be truly replaced i have been obsessed with environmental studies as of late . long story short , i really want to be able to watch an entertaining personality explore the animal world in a similar manner that steve ... fitting i agree on angus . gregg could be enfp but i guess esfp makes sense because he is physical . mae i got isfp , she likes physical interaction with the world a lot and uses blunt force ( breaking the ... yeesss lower fe users and fi users look very similar , but lower fe users seem to have more confidence in the sense that they seem more detached . the thing is , it's difficult to base type on observational ... characters like link and mario are difficult to type because they are essentially passive instead of proactive characters . they are told where to go , what to do , etc . because in the context of ... from night in the woods gregg - enfp mae - isfp angus - intp bea - istj watched interview with the man behind the filthy frank persona made by the needledrop guy , switching answer to intp . seems like an introvert , but the functions still line up ... he is entp imo . i find it funny that he always clarifies not all furries / anime fans / liberals are bad , just these ones . he seems attune to other people's feelings despite his whole schtick being ... https://media.giphy.com/media/GVjphWSdwIV6E/giphy.gif guys turn the music down i just saw a cop walk by and drunkparrot forgot to board up the windows with cardboard 646706 i'm okay with that . * looks at the code for the gif * ohhh , that's how you do it . thanks for sharing the glory of the lizard ! anyway , here's the url to a gif of a lizard popping bubbles https://media.giphy.com/media/h3vlT12YvJU8E/giphy.gif 646682 6464 98 present ! you're very much enfp . also , i hope i don't offend anyone with the image i attached , just an observation , and i'm totally not above it myself clearly lol 643113 memento is based on a book jonathan wrote , and jonathan's version is far different from christopher's film version . there was an interview about it , but i can't find it at the moment . i'm sticking ... my list thus far ... michael haneke - infj sophia coppola - isfp wes anderson - enfp christopher nolan - intp 641530 what about michael haneke ? i see infj , he described making films as psychological studies , and he wants the meaning of his films to be a bit murky so that people can make leaps of intuition ... i never made anyone take it , but it's really obvious to me what other people's types are . or i could be wildly wrong , but i have confidence in my typings . i feel like it would be really awkward ... an insane person . so enfj : tongue : tmlt win a hot dog eating contest estj , definitely . tmlt accidentally become popular despite making attempts to alienate themselves i remember emma watson saying coppola has a rather hands off approach when it comes to the actors , liking to guide them as opposed to command them . i say definitely an ixfp your profile is istp as balls , yet that may be overcompensation ... ... will have to analyze further ... naw you're probably istp ( * whispers into walkie-talkie * we've found the mole . over . ) finally someone who wasn't a fan of the jungle book remake . i liked the original film as a weird , chill movie with low stakes but a good vibe , the remake ... ... i don't even know . they tried to have ... xnfps like to make really detailed fictional worlds . see tim burton , an infp director , or countless fantasy writers ( tolkein ) i'm claiming wes anderson as part of the enfp gang . partially because i want him to be . still , he makes films about overly ambitious characters who have no set path but rather see several , and his ... what people need to take into consideration is that directors do not always get the final say . thousands , if not more , people work on creating a film , and studio interference is extremely prominent ... esfp , se as fuck boi . my esfp friend would actually love this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLiV-yRaxw0&list=PLszpmRzWUeH_KH0T7czlx9_KRtZ5h49cm&index=5 awkward infp . see michael cera . tmlt break up with someone because of fear of another fish being better , leading to indecision overanalyzing navel gazer who sees humans as special and unique when most decisions made come from primal needs and not deep-seated philosophical reasoning , return to tumblr infj , from whence you ... i already roasted you . this is beneath my ability to roast . we all know , though , that entps have never cleaned anything but a plate roses have thorns , i-types just bore me we can rhyme too , but we're not as corny tbh i'll give you creativity points for making a poem for that , i shall give you a pass on roasting you . when you come to get roasted and they don't have anything on you 638474 6384 66 if they try to remake the lion king i will punch an executive in the butt profusely . i loved zootopia , a documentary titled the 13th , hail caesar ! , deadpool , and sausage party . yes , sophomoric ... thank you for hating the tarzan remake . such catharsis , i'm sick of all these stupid live-action disney remakes . as much as emma watson is perfect for belle , i don't see any point at all in remaking ... that's just the intp's perception of the world , it's not wrong really . i guess i should expect nothing less than grasping at straws from the more annoying twin brother of the ne-doms is right . also has good aesthetic guesses on how different types consume and judge the medium of film through their functions . my guesses ... fe - this film does / doesn't spread a positive message through the inherent themes ni - the ... intjs have the glasses push when they're evil geniuses lol . when their eyes glow through their shaded and they push them up the bridge of their nose why are ditzy anime girls always associated with enfp ? still , seems right '