' ooh , entj celestia is actually an interesting thought . now that i'm thinking about it , she does have some traits that remind me of the entjs that i've come into contact with . either type sounds ... i'm not quite sure if naegi has all that much si--maybe i'm not the best person to consult , seeing as i relate to him a lot , and my thoughts are a bit hard to word on the matter , but he never struck ... i assumed that he was a fe user because of his general attitude and acceptance towards the quirks of everyone in the army . the ni vs ne thing is what really gets me stuck as well , because while his ... now that i've replayed it a couple of times : first generation robin : infj / intp . chrom : exfj . lissa : enfp . frederick : isxj . sully : estp . virion : esfp . stahl : isfp . so , i never really felt quite right about having 6w5 as my strongest enneagram type . it just didn't quite feel right to me . i took the test again and landed with the same three types in a different ... gosh i love this anime . edward elric : entp . alphonse elric : infp . i've also seen him typed as an infj , which is possible , but he seemed more fi than fe . winry rockbell : esfj , i feel like . izumi ... another question : is it sometimes hard to see fault in the people who you're extremely close to , or is that just a me thing ? for example : my intp brother slacks off when it comes to school ... yeah , wow . after seeing all of your thoughts i'm seriously reconsidering almost all of my typings . o3o madoka is very hard to type , the most i can tell from her is that she's an ixfx type ... something about kyouko's openness to new ideas , as well as her wish for becoming a magical girl , screams ne to me . her attitude also seems more entp-ish than the estps i've known . it's a bit tough to ... hey ! i'd really love to hear about your closest relationships as infjs . i know that we're known for being a fairly exclusive type , and only really trust a select few in our lives , but i'd love to ... i hate being the one who's expected to be kind and helpful when i'm so often the person people throw under the bus for their own selfish means . i'm a very altruistic person but i swear to god , if one ... i suppose that that's fairly accurate for me , but there are a few that i disagree on . boy , i haven't read these books ( or seen the movies , for that matter ) in so long . most of my types will be off . :P lucy : xnfj . definitely a ni and fe user , but i'm not sure which she is more ... i'm mostly starting this because i'm bored during study hall . :P i mean no offense , and of course , there are exceptions to these general statements . istjs : i'm not very fond of them , but i get ... bless this thread . okay , maybe i'm the only one , but the ingenuity of people really pisses me off . like , if you're saying i'm always here for you ! , then please act like it . just ... be honest , ... ahh , that makes lot of sense . i completely understand ; especially the whole getting along fine with all types , but with family it being different . at least you still have some people in your family that you respect . :) best wishes ! i'm aware that i am also a 6w5 , which is probably why i've struggled with anxiety so much , but i am curious about the correlation between infjs and anxiety . i read that it was fairly common , but i'd ... 204146 mine is just my fandom trashiness ( hetalia ! ) and a few folders . :P i'm really sorry to hear that . i hope you two work that out between you . but , it is good that she moved out . romantically : entps ( currently dating one ! ) , intps , enfjs , and isfjs . platonically : intps ( my best friend is one , and i love my intp brother with a burning passion ) , enfps , enfjs , and esfps , mostly ... personally , i consider myself an agnostic atheist . a respectful one , at that . i do believe that there is something greater , just in the people and world around us instead of the theological world . i ... i decided to redo my old post on here . john egbert : i'm leaning towards isfp , tbh . rose lalonde : i think she's possibly an infj , 5w4 or 4w5 . she doesn't seem to be a te user so much as a ti user , ... i really love this series and haven't seen too many typings of the characters , so i figured i'd start a thread . madoka kaname : infp . homura akemi : aaaahhh , she's hard to type . ixfj , ... i have a question for my fellow infjs . what are your relationships like with your siblings ? i'm sure that everyone varies , but i'm just kind of curious as to what the norm is for us . i have two ... harry seems like a fi-dom to me ; but something about him seems more ne than se to me . both are very likely , i don't know . isfp or infp . ron seems very enfp or estp to me - - either would make a ... i rethought some of these and decided to change some of my types . haruhi : either infj or intp , although i'm more inclined to think infj because she reeks fe to me . tamaki : enfp . i still don't see ... haha , i guess it is in an infj's nature to be nostalgic and playful deep down . :D i've always been someone who appreciates the smaller things in life , much like a child would . i have several ... being a very feminine person , there are traits of both genders that i appreciate in friends . i tend to get along well with boys because we share many common interests ( ex . video games , even though i ... my mother is almost definitely an enfj , although she's also gotten infj on the online test . ( she doesn't seem to have the proper attitude to be an infj , so my enfj theory is more sound . ) my father , ... sensitive , emotional , intuitive , loyal , private , intelligent , caring , harmonious , individualistic , astute . or , one who can bring light or darkness in a moment . : i'm not saying you're wrong , but could you kindly explain why you think that mikasa's a fe user ? also , i'd like to understand your thoughts behind armin's type , if that's alright . tamaki - enfp , i don't see much fe in him at all . haruhi - intp . hikaru - estp . kaoru - infj . kyoya - intj . honey - esfj . mori - istx . i just typed the members of the host club because i'm ... yeah , you're definitely right about that . the only possible one i can think of is hestia , but even then , she didn't get much time in the spotlight and could easily be almost any other type . i've read different theories on hazel , and the general consensus is that she's at least an introvert and a feeler . one of my friends typed her as an infj and i thought that it fit , so i put her down ... i'd love for more people to read the brothers k by david james duncan . it's hilarious , smart , and emotional , but not very well-known . it taught me a lot about human nature and interactions , if i'm ... yeah , rhonda does seem to be a fe-dom , now that i think about it . and ni definitely fits her more than ne , so yeah , enfj . i went back and put more thought into my typings . eren jaeger - after going back and rewatching the season as well as reading the manga's earlier chapters again , i'd say he's either an esfp or an ... i've been curious about other infjs and the types that they tend to really look up to . so , i pose you the question : if you could be any other mbti type , what would you choose ? my favorite ... percy jackson - esfp , though isfp is also possible . annabeth chase - intx . grover underwood - isfp , possibly ? bianca di angelo - isfj ? nico di angelo - infp . thalia grace - entp . jason grace - ... as i was looking through my bookshelf , i happened upon these three books and i remembered how good they are . i started to reread them and was suddenly stricken with a desire to know what others ... just my thoughts ... dangan ronpa makoto naegi - infj . kyouko kirigiri - istj . she seemed more like a sensor to me , and is extremely observational . intj would be my second choice . byakuya togami ... one of my entp friends brought up an interesting point that i hadn't stopped to consider - - and excuse me if i'm biased - - but is it possible that satoshi could be an infj ? he doesn't really ... first generation robin : infj . chrom : enfj . lissa : enfp . frederick : istj . sully : estp . virion : esfp . stahl : isfj . sumia : infp . miriel : intj . yeah , looking back , i could definitely see yuka as an esfj and satoshi as an infp . the reason why i thought that ayumi was infj was mostly because of her intuition . it states multiple times that ... i've been really interested in this game as of late and think i've gotten a pretty good handle on what character would be what type . satoshi mochida - enfj ? yuka mochida - isfp . naomi ... axis north italy - enfp . germany - istj . japan - isfj , but infj would be the second most likely . alliance america - really , he could be any of the exxp types and i wouldn't be surprised . ... actually , i suppose you're right about there being a lot of si in the group of characters . i could see haru , nagisa , and potentially rin being intuitives , but the others are almost definitely ... my guesses are : haru : infx . makoto : xnfj ( xsfj is my second option ) . nagisa : enfp . rin : entj ? rei : istp . it's kind of funny that i see the majority of the characters as ns when the ... i've been loving this game lately , and was thinking of starting a thread to guess the character's types . here are my guesses ( they're likely terribly wrong but i may as well give it a shot ): ... '