' concrete random entp height : 6 ' 0 weight : 166 lbs . eyes : blue hair : black shape : athletic build yes . same here . i take it as excitement . found one ! isfj intp what's my personality type ? you'd probably have better luck posting this there . hmm ... yeah , i'd go with intp pro-choice well , my guess is infx - can't decide between j and p . that is a fairly wild guess though . hmm ... my guess is istp fill this out and post your answers in this thread for more accurate results : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html however , from what ... skimmed some of the questionnaire , but i'd probably guess istj hmm , i read the questionnaire ... maybe isfp ? yeah probably entp infp ? what type do you think he is ? trojan would go out of business i'm not particularly sporty , and i actually like school for the most part . i agree with this . 1 . do estps think about their past a lot ? like past relationships , past friendships , etc .. ? sometimes . 2 . as an estp , would you ever go back to an ex ? what would be your reason for going back ? ... true , i'm mainly asking because i want to better understand the difference between the two types so i can then decide which label suits me more ( if either does , that is ) . thanks for all the ... but then i take the other test .. based on your answers , your personality type is most likely : estp introversion ( i ): 24 % extroversion ( e ): | 76 % intuition ( n ): ... based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : entp or second possibility : estp or third possibility : istj your cognitive functions are , in order ... i can't decide which type i am . i've posted about this before , but still ... can someone highlight key differences between the two types and maybe take a shot at guessing which i am ? i'm leaning ... mikael akerfeldt : isfj steven wilson : intp devin townsend : infp intj , i think you could very well be right . maybe he was really angry ? lol i dunno . i'm can't decide between entp or enfp for tarantino . alfred hitchcock was an estp , i read somewhere . jj abrams : enfp ? he is not an e ; if you listen to the show that is obvious , i think . intj perhaps . mai valentine from yu-gi-oh no way - intj , maybe ... but i see you have him as your profile picture ! there is no way that howard is extroverted . he is actually a very quiet , shy guy outside of the show who likes to be alone and doesn't like talking to his colleagues or going out ( often ) . he has all these crazy ideas , and he told gary ( the producer ) when he first hired him that he wanted him to handle everything so that he could just create . i could actually see him as an intj ... howard stern : intp robin quivers : esfj fred norris : infp gary dell'abate : enfp ( ? ) benjy : entp ( ? ) artie lange : estp sal governale : esfp richard christy : isfp i probably missed a bunch of ... entertainment gordon ramsay , chef , author , tv host , businessman glenn beck , conservative tv host and author angelina jolie , actress madonna , singer meryl streep , actress jack ... i would guess intp for you i'm thinking entp , i think i read he was an entp somewhere too . updated list from me , taking some of your comments into consideration as well as my own opinions ... star trek original series kirk : estp spock : intj mccoy : esfj scotty : istp sulu : istj ... istj maybe ? 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? a butterfly ... no one suspects the butterfly . ( c ) simpsons 2 . name an accomplishment that you are ... i'd love to be typed , thanks ! filled out the survey . i would guess infp . 1 . for a person you loved deeply , would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be little chance of seeing your friends or family again ? this depends where and who . i ... just be yourself , whatever yourself is . she has a dollar sign in her name . please fill out this questionnaire : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/145423-questionnaire-2-0-a.html then we can type you more easily . thanks ! there's lots to learn from fiction as well . what type do you think he is ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_raVequ2jD4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDG2MSXIN98 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsUCAR0iqBM '