' he is sarcastic because he treats his co-workers as friends . i am the exact same . i am only extremely caustic to my close friends , and their girlfriends ( muhahaha ) but like many of my kind , we ... i would consider myself as a loner , but my personal opinion means little in actuality i was the class clown , i had almost no enemies , i made friends with almost anyone ( smart kids , not so smart ... well the index is just an index , just because you are typed under a category means you have to follow through the entire stereotype . intp is described and defined with both it's strongest and ... i never buy gifts for men i know that without a doubt , i would never ever buy the right thing i never buy gifts for other women i know that without a doubt , i would never ever buy the right ... one more story ... i'm working in china and i drink alot of coke . and everyone is telling me how bad it is for my health ( and i know it isn't good ) so i tell them , this is china , i trust the ... theoretically hormones affect the shape of your body , i focused on breast for my particular analysis . so the female body produces about 200mg of progesterone a day during pregnancy , and ... all i can say is be prepared to hear alot of weird ideas ... i once fed my girlfriend a diet of hormones to grow her breast after a week's research on progestrones ... she claimed that he boods ... i believe you are trying to draw a relationship between environmental up bringing and personality types . environmental such as cultural and maybe nationality . i cant judge on that matter , but what ... i see something slightly similar i see life , the girl is walking the path which everyone of us will take or has taken , walking towards the great daunting unknown . ever so frightening it may seem ... http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/misc/quote_icon.png originally posted by swordsman of mana http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/PersonalityCafe/buttons/viewpost-right.png ... trying to find the correlation of mbti of anime characters that attract people dragonball - son goku - enfp - alittle dull with common sense but intuitive with combat one good example was ... you are a : neutral good human bard / sorcerer ( 3rd / 2nd level ) ability scores : strength - 15 dexterity - 13 constitution - 12 intelligence - 13 wisdom - 15 charisma - 13 feerbeer , well i'm pretty close , the last i cried was 3 years + ago when my girlfriend pack up her stuff from my room after i broke up with her . other then that other times i cry when i was movies , ... i neither accept nor deny the existence of anything that i have not seen or experienced . i do not know therefore it would be rude of me to believe blindly or blindly reject their existence . i only like songs that are meaningful to me . abortion - why not . health care - duh ... we didn't evolve and started bath houses , barbers , soap for nothing , we are programmed to want to live longer . economy - honestly , it is a game , money ... i try ... but i can never stick to a game ... but when i do play street fighter , i macro the moves i'm intp and leo ( enfp ) anyone sees the conflict ? maybe i am just an extrovert with tons of feelings just waiting to burst out of my fur ... its not the number of topics or length of the conversation , it is the person you are having the conversation with that matters when your girlfriend tells you that she is not feeling it and you ask what should be done to be felt when you are standing in a packed train and you feel uncomfortable and you study the movements of people within 0.5 meter radius and avoid any physical contact ... or it might just be a fear of ... gregariousness - 63 % based on 10 questions anger - 61 % based on i'm sorry for your loss . i really am ... i fear i am changing into someone i no longer recognize ... managing an office have changed me in so many ways , so many levels , i dont dream like i use to , i no longer see the endless possiblities , i ... cons first - centralize government biggest flaw would be who is going to head the the top position , the leader of the world so to speak . assuming we abolish and no longer see regions as countries ... no , because even if i know the optimum method to perform the task ( video game or what nots ) i am always eager to try out a new idea i have just formulated in my head and 9/10 times it fails . good ... i think so , i try to break up the information into tiny bits to get the other party to understand . but that is if i already very well versed in the subject ... any subject i have just picked up on , i ... so how does mind altering drugs affect you ? these are only drugs i have had the pleasure / dis-pleasure of trying alcohol - hate it ... the more i drink the more aware that my abiltiy to logic is ... a actual conversation on omegle ... i had to enlighten the that poor soul ... you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! question to discuss : what do you think about poppunk ? ... what if i told you demond lied * evil laugh * this is a good question , normally i try to find what little hidden meaning in alot of things , but for music or songs , i take them as they are ... maybe this is why i like music so much ... i dont ... you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! question to discuss : yogurtpop 11 kik me if you want ^ - ^ 15-17 you : are you normal ? you : if you are not please go away ( mentally ? cause if it is just a crush and a physical undressing ... its a crime it is isn't concessional ... but if the undressing is done between 2 consenting adults and you looking at this forum ... i wonder if they cry for cotton plants ... cause they are wearing lots of them ... dont get me wrong i repect that we should honor nature and how it sustain us , but crying over trees ... its like a ... ignorance is believing you know everthing . complacency is thinking you know enough wisdom is accepting the limitations and working with it . ( or i could be entirely wrong ) - he remembers details of the conversation - he will steal glances at you and if you spot him , he will keep looking for awhile and pretend that he is thinking of something so it doesnt seem obvious ... me thinks so too , my best friend ( female ) is a entp too we have alot of fun hanging out talking and i had a crush on her and i actually told her i liked her ( that was when i was 16 ) she rejected ... actually i do like positive reinforcement , it feels alot better , but of course a balance of the stick and the carrot is key . minor achieevements = simple acknowedgement major achievements = awe ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . noo i need my space .. but if it was because i wanted to rent out my aprtment to make some money on the side then .. ya .. maybe ... for a few years ... i disagree , we are the excersie type , just not the conventional way , we dont stick to a routine ... i would like do pushes up at an increment of 1 pushup a day , and after i hit 50 , i feel that i am ... i think i crashed the bot ... intp chameleons , i dont judge quickly , so first on interaction ( s ) you just see someone who completely understand what the social standard and as conversations takes place somehow i turn in to what ... i thought about suicide when i was younger , but i dont know if i am a masochist or am afriad of dieing , but somehow i concluded that death was too easy , it would be an off switch to a game and i ... i deal with boredom with a boost of endorphins ... yes a dose of orgasm . but normally the effects last for only about 15 to 20 mins then its back to being bored . which is why my partner is ... i'm dating an esfp ... well all my exs were esfp ... they are lovable and somehow my amassed knowledge make me very attractive to them . but the problem i have with them is personal space .. well at ... i have yet to fall alseep while watching any documentaries yet ... and i normally can't sleep while i watch movies ... well unless it is a re-run or if the story is so un-original it was taken ... if i dont pace myself i normally stay up till 5 or 6am easily ... and would sleep at about 7ish and not wake up till 2pm . it is not good if you have work ... my curtains i perm . shut and double ... i hate displaying vulnerable emotions infront of other people , not even to my parents . only my partners and two close friend has seen me cry or react baddly to a situation . apart when i was a kid ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 25.6 ) average use introverted sensing ( si ) when you making love ( or having sex ) you start to experiement with your movements and try to identify why are specific movements more pleasurable to your partner . and this little experiment slowly ... '