' well , everyone is unique and brings something different , so i try not to think much abou - entp . ' sup , fellow nefi people . i have a potentially interesting topic of discussion . i've noticed that , even though i'm very adept at making a mess of my room and leaving it like that for some time , ... my guess would be that it's how these two types are sort of the ' counterparts ' of each other ( note : counterparts , not opposites ) . both types are similar in that they focus on ' potential ' features , ... er . sorry if this reply is too logical and structured . i just got out of an argumentative exam , so i'm pretty logic-y right now . i've been officially half-tested positive . i was answering the ... leave it to the entps to give me all the tips i need to stop getting distracted and study for my maths final . you people rock . i'd only add : stimulants . some sort of stimulant , whatever works for ... i think lostthemarbles is right in drawing the distinction between logic and feeling . i'm not going to argue with reference to definitions or anything like that , but , after all , this distinction is ... for me , if i am bouncing very excitedly , i most likely like you . it's kind of ... i don't know . i think you can notice if we like you in the enthusiasm we show . if a ne-user likes someone , you will ... yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes . although a nice story ( moreso characters than plot ) is great as well , that's not why i play games . if i want nice characters , i watch a show / anime , read a book , or ... i have very good ( sensitive ) hearing , to the point where , if a quiet sound that others in the room do not hear occurs , i will hear it . one ear moreso than the other . however , i have very bad ... i'm sorry to hear that , breaking up with close friends is always a devastating blow that makes us doubt ourselves and what we are doing . :/ if i were you , i'd talk to a friend about these doubts ... our entp brothers and sisters have got one of these , so i figured we should have ours as well ! have you people thought you were a different type at some point ? what type was it , and why did you ... ( i'm assuming here that you ask this because the breakup was recent , agreed by both , and not over anything too controversial . correct me if i'm wrong . ) weeell ... i'm not an entp , but i'm a bit ... a grilled sausage and mashed potatoes , with some herbs . kind of like this : 69211 probably not the healthiest thing around , but it sure looks tasty . haha , just now , i was talking to a good mate who was telling me about how she's going to break up with her boyfriend ( even if they get together later after he realises what he did ) because he asked ... thanks ... really . i wouldn't be this way if it weren't for you ... thanks for believing in me . y'know , since we tend to regard people higher than they regard themselves ( well , except for ... duuude , seriously ? glee club ? seriously ? :d ry : no way , i'm not nearly as dramatic and loud . the reason i seem to be more talkative and loud here is because i am verbalising this i usually ... now that you mention heart rate , i have a surprisingly low heart rate . as i write this post , it is just below 50 , and , if i get very , very relaxed when lying down , i can get it down to below 40 . it's ... i see . a thread with pictures of cats , rainbows , and ponies . 68941 please help yourselves and proceed , i shall watch and eventually contribute . yes ! let's do it ! oh guys , we can follow this plan a , or plan b , or plan c , ... ( 2 hours later ) , or plan geq , or plan ger , or plan ges ... okay , that's enough for now , this was a productive meeting , ... there kind of is one already ... http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/130050-things-make-enfps-laugh.html anyway , a guilty pleasure of mine is watching people fall in total wipeout ... hey , my intuition was right , you were going to be a bit embarrassed and apologise fiercely ( well , i'm assuming three exclamation marks are pretty fierce ) , even though i said i wasn't offended to ... ( yeah , that , that was what i thought you meant , i just wanted to make sure . ) um ... her ? oh god , again ? archetype also made the same mistake earlier ... i'm a guy , guys . yeah , yeah , not ... yeah , that was the ambiguity that confused me , i wasn't sure if he meant just contrast as in oh , this is a person , this is another person , infp acts this way , enfp acts this way . there is an ... what do you mean when there's an enfp there for contrast ? i laughed my head off when i saw what you did with the post quote . text . yeah , much more convenient than quoting all that crap hahaha . yeah , but not as much as when i write . except when i have coffee , that is , which i had a couple of hours ago . maybe it's because i can type fairly fast , so i ramble on for many paragraphs . true , ... wow , lots of infp-entp tension here ! hahaha . i can see where you're all coming from , though , there tend to arise a lot of problems between these two types . i have another infp friend , and she also ... yeah ... i'm not sure if it has anything to do with cognitive functions , or with just being young , or what , but i do tend to have the same problem with my sleep schedule . i find it really hard to get ... ( sorry about the double post . ) i also tend to be the ultimate singer / dancer . and i don't mean good , decent songs . i mean the worst among the worst . a few weeks ago , i was in a car with some ... ultimate hugger ... yeah , i can relate to that . especially when combined with alcohol , such as after an irish coffee ( i'm quite sensitive to alcohol ) . i have a pretty embarrassing story about ... yes , this ! the confusion about what led to that and the expected reaction from him . yeaah ... things is , as you probably already know , i tend to ramble on and write long stuff . so . not at ... oh no , not feelings as in negative feelings or things like that , just regular , positive feelings . although rarely he has asked about my negative feelings and past experiences , which surprises me a ... oh dear . caffeine and energy boosts . no . just ... no . let's leave it at that .  ... fine , i'll answer the question . at least for me too , it's a thing as well . my sleep schedule has a tendency ... ( argh , i replied but it wasn't sent correctly . oh well , here it goes again . ) omg , you like totally get me ! ! yeah , i also like a lot how maths teaches you to think critically and in innovative ... oh god . the other day , a couple of friends left my house around midnight . that night , i had an incredibly graphic dream of another person i know being killed by a bomb . the next morning , one of the ... er ... sorry to disappoint you all , but i'm not doing psychology ( not that the thought never crossed my mind , though ... ) . i am currently studying maths & philosophy at uni . yeah , not quite the ... how chilled you tend to be . and yet , full of energy , doing stupidly fun things . your insights . those moments when you say brilliant things , things that hadn't occured to others . especially , the ... awesome , thanks for having such a thread , entps ! so ! question time . how do you guys feel about receiving sudden displays of affection from people close to you ? my entp best friend and i get ... because yolo . ( best explanation to piss people off ever ) it may considerably vary between different enfps , but generally speaking , based on the functions , i'd say ... - be a good ne companion . this means that you'll have to go along with spontaneous ... enfps love everything and everyone , and will get along with every single person . you clearly haven't seen us when someone goes against our deepest moral convictions ... kind of , but not at the core . my default behaviour is set to reserved / observing for self-preservation purposes , unless i'm around someone who i know won't mock / dismiss / deprecate my convictions and ... erm . well ... slightly more important than i'd like to admit , to be honest . they must be from people i feel close to , though ... people whose hugs say i see who you really are , and i like it , i ... this must be simulatedworld's description ... it was originally posted in another forum , i think ( personalitynation ) , which , unfortunately , is now deleted . he's a pretty knowledgeable fellow . i ... 1st level - 40 % 2nd level - 56 % meh , i was lucky . sup people . : happy : i was thinking about this today , about the way each infj interacts with their culture , how their culture affects them and what causes each infj to feel part of their culture or ... that you should spend as much energy in yourself as you do in others . the only one who is always going to be there for you is yourself , most people will eventually leave you , so you should have a ... maybe some of you will enjoy this article i found . who feels the pain of rejection--and who doesn't | psychology today ok , here it goes . sorry for the long post , i couldn't resume the conversation . some background info : there are some people at my school who i call the artsies but some others call the ... ... i was thinking of creating this thread a few hours ago . synchronicity ? yes , i can imagine how you probably feel right now , with everything happening at once . when i had a similar situation with my parents who wanted me to go live with an uncle , i was also suffering from ... '