' i scored 140 . infj , 7w6 . it was obvious which answers you were suppose to choose , but i went with what i would do instead . i do think i have a high eq , but i think there are better tests on the ... owlet i don't know what type you are ( i haven't interacted with you enough ) , but i think you're pretty awesome ! : encouragement : humanmetrics infj introvert ( 6 % ) intuitive ( 12 % ) feeling ( 44 % ) judging ( 22 % ) you have slight preference of introversion over extraversion ( 6 % ) you have slight preference of intuition over ... thank you for the welcoming ! : encouragement : i appreciate it ! i will check out the humanmetrics test , and see what i get ! :) i * think * i understand what everyone's saying ... when functions are discussed , it does feel a bit like math class ( i must admit ) . : redface-new : in a nut shell , after scrutinizing step ii ... hi everyone ! : sun-smiley : super new to mbti , cognitive functions , blah , blah , blah ! ( i usually hang out around the enneagram forums ) but - out of curiosity - i've been mucking around with other ... i haven't really noticed type 7 ' s trying to impress others all that much . sometimes 8 - wingers . obviously , there is a human element to wanting to impress others , and everyone is subject to that ... jack pearson : ( unsure - possible type 2 ) rebecca pearson : ( unsure ) randall pearson : type 1 ( possible type 3 ) kate pearson : type 6 ( possible type 2 ) kevin pearson : type 6w7 ( possible 3w2 ) i have been binge watching the t . v . show this is us ( who else is a fan ? : welcoming :) , and wanted to try some enneagram typing ! i have almost finished season 1 ( season 2 is set to premiere in the ... so , i recently got back into therapy ( mostly to come to terms / peace with my decision to cut my family out of my life ) . after the first session , the therapist suggested i look into a particular ... some of you guys ' take yourselves wayyy too seriously . it's just enneagram . you don't win anything if you're right . : tongue : a lot of you made some really good points ; ; & i have decided donald ... i saw 7w8 as possible in tritype ( especially the sp-dom 7w8 con man aspects ); & i agree with many of your assertions . his entrepreneurial-ness , and businessman stuff , also corresponds to type 7w8 ; as ... you said a lot of good stuff there : that i'm not going to argue with . but ... you take that back ! i've seen joe biden typed as 7w6 ; ; & i like the idea ( & agree with said idea ) that joe biden ... i would argue that caring at all about appearance is a key indicator . i don't think it says anywhere that type 3 ' s must dress well ( though , many of them do ) . it's more that they must care about their ... couldn't agree more with all of this . :p roud : this drives me crazy ( as i've seen just about everyone type donald trump 8w7 ) . i feel he doesn't vibe type 8 to me at all . he's whiny , narcissistic , not all that intimidating ( heck - he's actually ... your score for openness was high , at 80 % . your score for conscientiousness was 70 % , which is in the moderate range . your score for extraversion was moderate , at 53 % . your score for agreeableness ... never mind ... this paragraph describes me perfectly ! in fact , it's the most sense that has been made through this whole journey ! no wonder i feel a bit off or different from both my fellow ... so , the plot thickens . i am probably an infj , when looking over the mbti step ii information . i have always been a strong xnfx , but decided i would look into nailing down my mbti type ( thinking ... so / sx sp / sx ( possible sx / sp as well ) reina i don't know if i've seen enough of your writing to say . ( & i'm not sure if you went by a different name when i was here a year or two ago ; ; i don't remember you ) anyone i don't remember , ... ok ! do me next ! ( & not like that : tongue :) ( get your head out of the gutter ) how does my writing come across ? :D coburn for what it's worth , i find you approachable . : ) ( & i am definitely sensitive to that sort of thing , in the sense that i get nervous if i feel someone is not approachable ) obviously , ... coburn yes ! though , i would have trouble describing it ( but i'll give it a try ) . your writing has a distinct flair about it . i experience it as calm , in control , without any tension . there ... reina i dig your writing style ; it's very eloquent . : ) do the instinctual variant ( stand-alone ) descriptions you relate to , match up with your enneagram type's ( instinctual variant ) subtype description ? i always score incredibly high ( almost a tie ) on ... i have almost exclusively dated type 9 ' s ( i am a bit addicted to their accepting , calm , kind , up-for-whatever , natures ) . but , in the past , i've been attracted to a type 3 ( they tend to bring the ... animal i am leaving for the weekend , but i wanted to thank you for responding to my questions ! i found your responses helpful . : smile-new : also , i wanted to let you know that i appreciate that ... guys , if i end up back at type 7 , i'm going to feel like such a dumb @ss . : laughing : well this was a dramatic little journey . like paddling a canoe in a circle ... over a waterfall . i have ... quernus thank you for always ( seemingly ) being willing to answer questions that no one else takes the time to answer . this is the second time i asked a question that i thought might never get a ... also , i'm a ( possible ) type 7 , and i tend to be shy and slow-to-warm up . i can be the life of the party amongst those i know well , but i also am quite introverted at times , reflective , and ... in my experience , type 7w6 ' s tend to be the more exuberant , and as the night's queen put it , chattery . however , i find them to be a bit more contemplative and introspective at times ( due to the ... it's interesting to me that several people mentioned nostalgia as a positive feeling . i tend to find nostalgia painful and unpleasant . like , it feels nice to remember something good , and ... ha ha ! i know the feeling ! : laughing : my answers were similarly stereotypical for a type 7 . albeit , boredom didn't make my list , and it is not the worst thing i've ever experienced ( it's not ... favorite emotion ( s ): ( it's hard to pick just one ) happiness , excitement , joy , love , general intense emotion ( of any variety or flavor ) , and feeling intensely alive ! least favorite emotion : at the ... starflakes asked this wonderful & intriguing question over in the type 4 area , and i thought it would be interesting to open it up to the main perc enneagram forum . : smile-new : so , have at it ! ... can someone help me understand the difference between the type 2 ' s drive for love , and the ( mostly ) universal human desire to love and be loved ? is the difference simply the way in which type 2 ' s ... so , i wanted to make an update ( i don't assume anyone is waiting on baited breath , but i document my journey irregardless ) . :p roud : i have decided that i'm probably not type 4 primary . i think ... i think my collage got skipped , so i'm reposting ! :) if the image doesn't appear , click the link beneath it ( all of this shows up on my end , but i have had issues in the past with images appearing ... the tritype overall is one i waffle on ( i currently type as 479 ; but prior was 471 ) , however the wings are a bit whack . i don't know if you're saying it's still not working , but i read your linked post , and i will try what you suggested ! ( just in case ) p . s . am i suppose to delete the attachments after adding the ... thanks reina ! i * think * i got it sorted out . your help was very much appreciated ! : smile-new : bare minimum , the links should work ( i'm a technological mess : laughing :) https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3762/33678189625_6897a9cfc5_b.jpg https://ibb.co/iytf3v rose for a heart arg ! the one where i have 2 collages ? yeah , sorry guys . i cannot wait . i am having too much fun making these collages . : star : so , i'll post these two together for analysis ( still don't know how to make them bigger , so they're the tiny ... so , what immediately stands out to me , is there is a lot of fire depicted in these images . i take intensity away from that , a burning , warmth , and passion , which is leading me to say ... here is my collage ! i am eager , and excited for feedback ! i left my analysis of the prior poster's collage above . i posted separate with my collage ( so as not to confuse things ) . i am ... alright . i am back home ! : smile-new : so , you should know that i'm a little insecure about my enneagram theory game . i'm sure there is actually nothing wrong with it , but i shoot from the hip ... [ double post ] '