' ooh , i'll have to test that one on my infp friend ! :-D you faced discrimination because of your type ? : - 0 but this is awful ! in europe we know about psychology and iq but we never ask anyone about their types or levels , it is considered rude and even ... my mother is an entp , and this is a pretty good description of her . i don't know if i've met any other entps . the funny thing is , most of the qualities that icy heart puts under likes , i passionately ... yes ! i'm the same way . this is usually when my entp mother would start snapping her fingers in a ( fruitless ) attempt to get me back here . :-) this is an incorrect and a simplistic view . you are talking about arithmetic . try abstract algebra instead . i never said i didn't want it . i said that sex and relationships are two different things to me . one can have one without the other . there is no need to reject everyone you don't want a proper ... you could also be one of those rare in-betweeners . contrary to popular belief , not everyone fits into a box . if your percentages are between 40 % and 60 % , you could easily have features of both types ... i admit , i stole some of the techniques from the other types , e . g . , small talk . one can learn that . but for some reason the conversation quickly cuts through the chase , may be i'm just that obvious ... to me , sex and relationships are completely different things . reading the posts in this thread , it seems that intjs lack a libido , which i know for a fact is not true . may be it's just this thread , ... i have to ask : reading emotions etc . aside , don't you guys and girls have a sex drive ? you sound like a person can only be of interest for their conversation ! i love landscapes and i am not an sx , i'm an intj . that is not to say that i hate other forms of art , but the pictures in my house are either landscapes / cityscapes or still life ( got some 50 of ... i agree as well , but i am very good at both . hence really bored ! :-) gosh , people , what lengthy posts ! why not just stick with another intj for a partner ? i found it best . my parents were that , but after my intj father's death , my entp mother completely suffocated me ( i'm a female intj ) . entps need to remember that because i said so is not an acceptable argument for ... not necessarily true . make-up is a means to an end , depending on the social environment or goals . i used to wear full make-up in my early twenties in order to look older and be taken seriously at ... no one seems to have mentioned it , but it's obvious : she's got the death stare ! :-) afterthought : ok , i had not read all the messages . :-) it had been mentioned . but it's still true ! also : look ... most likely an anxiety / panic disorder or ocd . not to say intjs don't take up other things that impair their ability to focus , it just seems like a lot of intjs naturally have anxiety and other mood ... i think sherlock has been typed as an intp . he hasn't got the death stare and his cocaine habit is too messy for an intj . i read somewhere that intj is the only personality type to consistently categorise taking classes among fun and leisure activities . :-D what have i been into lately ? let's see ... - various ... now , why didn't i think of that ? ! i'm annoyed with myself now . : - s our teachers believed that practice makes perfect , so we had to solve problems in their high hundreds if not thousands - differential and integral equations , algebraic systems , boolean predicates , ... my classmates just mostly wanted to copy my homework , i bet that's why they were being nice . ;-) this is interesting ! i spent 10 years with an entj - the conversation was awsome - but we had a wall between us maintained from both sides . was that love ? no . respect , yes . i did find him to be very ... i just wanted to pick up on the logic thing . when i studied maths at the university , my teachers of abstract algebra and boolean logic both told me that my reasoning did not naturally follow the ... i agree with you - arrogant is more like it . however , it seems to me there's one or the other type out there that does perceive us as amazing : i have met a few unlikely people in my life who ... so your way of doing it may yield more innovative and unexpected solutions that were hiding in those obscure branches that we had cut off . people don't get killed on the civvy street as often as at war , granted , but what we consider unacceptable damage is also different . at war , any damage that does not kill , is acceptable . in peace , a ... i'm glad you left it there for me to read , thanks ! :-) it's all relevant , i don't really know what i'm getting at because i just have this ball of confusion and don't know yet what it is that i am ... interestingly , i found both the greyed out and the new text in tangosthenes ' post very informative . like a phenotype and a genotype of the same thing , i . e . , the underlying principles and the effect ... i should think that most rational women ( me and my friends included ) would conciously act like the stereotype from time to time in order to fit into the scene . it is often easier than to stand out ... oh , i see ! and other people later argued that there must be both introverted and extroverted variants of each function present , and that's what i read but didn't realise it wasn't originally jung's ... which makes up eight functions all together . what am i missing ? this is exactly right . what do you mean - structured research ? the one you described is the only true research , in my opinion , when you don't know where you're going . the rest is enginering . i've done both , enjoyed both , ... i don't hope if i can help it . i project the most likely outcomes and follow the path to the best one or the least awful one , as the case may be . then something lucky comes along and things brighten ... hey , you sound just like me 12 years ago ! i got so bored with industry , i went to do a ph . d . , but oops , got bored again ... got a fellowship at a uni - finally something to look forward to - oops , ... may be she just wasn't properly in love . my partner is an intj and it was an instant attraction , on all levels . it did take me a very long time to find him , and many unsuccessful attempts , but ... all these questions can be summarised in one : does the good of the many outweigh the good of the few or the one ? everyone has to answer this for himself , possibly differently in different ... it's nature that gets softened over time . in jung's theory there are 8 cognitive functions that each of us has but that are developed to different degrees , i . e . , the brain uses some functions more ... kathy , it is your privilege to believe or disbelieve me , but please do not twist my words . let's just agree to disagree on this one , shall we ? well , i've known my type for over 20 years now , and have been questioning it periodically , for various reasons . although psychiatrists may not be using the type system all the time , they do know ... i agree with what the others said about taking it slow , etc . remember to give him his space . if he's going through rough time , he will want to disappear sometimes for a while , allow him that , he'll ... the reason i posted this in an intp thread rather than in a general one , is that i'm not that interested in the jargon , but rather in hearing it from people who may be quite similar to me .   ... she doesn't do either of those , and her nature is different from the stereotype . hi kathy , firsty i must apologise for my emotional outburst earlier w . r . t . knowledge of mental illness . now , having re-read the postings in this thread , i am really wondering whether you are ... hello intps ! i've been wondering : how do you use your p ? i'm an intj , so should be quite close to you guys , except that in spite of sharing three of the four letters , we seem to have completely ... quite . i just would like to add that this is not the place to discuss mental disorders because most members don't seem to suffer from them , and thus have no idea what it feels like and what it does ... hi , well , you're not an intj - i remember how i was when i was young . depression won't change your type , neither will medications , even psychotropic ones . i would suggest you take a test like the one ... well , i've seen different ideas for doing it , but my subconcious way was to learn to play the violin . in addition , i got interested in doing crafts far more than before , and those turned out to be se ... ooh , that's a hard one - an introverted feeler ! i can see why you find contact with her draining though - it's emotions hidden in every word , an overload to us . well , personality type aside , she ... '