' 1 . isfj 2 . slytherin 3 . yes , jk has spoken ! but honestly no one would say i'm skytherin , more hufflepuff or ravenclaw . but i think slytherin could help me with my weaknesses . 4 . male isfj myself :) inspired by personality questions that have you pick out a word that resonates with your personality , i thought i'd make a thread allowing everyone the freedom to pick any word they want . what are ... i had a lot of help from someone , going through my thought processes and associated behaviors , and then applying that to the cognitive functions . it really helped having someone help me through it . ... well , children are still a far out possibility for me . but i think i would like a boy . i've always liked the name adam . as far as looks , idk ... a ginger ? the most important thing is i would want ... yes , i used to think i was an infp . so function-wise , more fi-ne dom being an si-dom , how can i choose ? ! okay , okay . so it's really nerdy , but one of my best memories was playing world of warcraft for the first time . i can't even remotely believe it's been over ten ... yes , i hate people that talk too much . but not if it's a friend of mine . i prefer he / she to initiate and direct the talking . in your case op , i don't think you should back off . i think if she were ... last compliment : you are very astute last complaint : you can be kinda selfish isfj i like loud vs mellow most of the time . and happy vs sad . i like dancepop , synth pop , electronica , goth , and some rock . loner mostly , but eventually fell in with the nerds / goths / outcasts in my last couple years of hs - that's where my personal tastes revolve around . i can carry a conversation with most types though , ... oops , forgot to turn my tag back on . you are close ;) and it's a yes from me well , the first time i had a role-model in my life beyond my mom , whom i've always looked up to , was my teen years . those were turbulent times for me ( just like everyone else ) and i had a tendency to ... i say yes ! personally , i think i need to actively engage my fe more to achieve better mental happiness overall . in contrast to those who use it actively by doing nice things for others in a physical sense , i am ... the one that bothers me the most is that we are supposed to be like stay-at-home moms , very domestic , nurturing , and altruistic . so pretty much right off the bat , you assign a very ... nice . mine was negative emotion empowerment . i had a good laugh . i do struggle with strong emotions ;D found this via tumblr . will randomly link you to an article on the superpower wiki , which has a huge superpower database . pretty entertaining . click for a random superpower from the superpower ... istj i think i put my tert ti out for people to see often . i get mistyped as intp because of it . it provides a much needed objective look at things when i am under stress or someone is upsetting me . i ... narcissistic what would you say my 4letter type is ? ? 1 . te or fe 2 . si 3 . te ( or fe since you are not wanting others burdened by your feelings ? or is that fi ? hmm ) 4 . si 1 . si / ti ( using directly relevant past examples to try and narrow down a selection ) 2 . you could just have an extra-dominant auxilliary ? 3 . ni or ne and ti 4 . ti / ne 5 . yeah , it could be lower fe ... how about tabitha from the familiar of zero ? this question / scenario is for isfj's , but others can chime in . let us say you are in a new environment . for a specific example , a new college program . i say program because you are going to be ... * i want to start tossing fireballs at people . how can they be so ignorant ? or inconsiderate ? disrespectful ? selfish ? egotistical ? * i procrastinate . * i curse my terrible memory ( i remember ... how old are you , if you don't mind me asking ? i feel like i get istj vibes from your description . but if it's isfp vs istp , definitely istp . what do you mean by sx / sp ? the only explanation i can give is that the tests are mostly useless . the questions are poorly worded , biased ( typically toward intuition ) , too narrow , or even too general ( keystocognition's test ... la reine yeah , i can relate to your brother in some of those ways . however , i can say no to people i am close to , probably because i feel comfortable to ? i try to avoid saying no if i forsee it ... just want to hear other's input about differentiating between this type in someone ( namely myself ) i do not know whether i am just having a bad relationship with auxilliary fe , or if i'm really te ... likes obnoxiously cute things how annoying . people need to try and look past what's on the outside . i have been compared to : christopher robin milo ( atlantis ) eugene ( twd ) flounder ( little mermaid ) neville longbottom ... you're not nerdy , just super dedicated ! we need nurses like you ! high school was the pits for me . i didn't fit with any group until i found my niche toward the end of my senior year . pretty ... i enjoy wearing soiled diapers i say intp i am the same way . i only adventure to very specific places . so basically i like to know what i'm going into . like the above poster said , it's an si thing i think . hi folks question for the isfjs - do you enjoy roleplaying ? either independently , like in rpg video games , role-playing with others in a multiplayer rpg , text-based on forums , tabletop , etc . etc ... isfj .. tropical storm hmmm i have like zero assertiveness lol ... it's a key thing i'm trying to work on . i have almost always tested as infp when taking a test in a neutral state of mind and i continue to do so . i know the system has little serious validation and i am wary of barnum effect . but i am ... istj . i thought the answers were pretty decent i . e . i gave a definite answer on all but one or maybe two . but te is probably my weakest function : obsessed with this sort of topic . i'll have a go based on d & d 3.5 classes ( ie baldur's gate / neverwinter nights ): estj : fighter istj : monk esfj : paladin isfj : cleric estp : swashbuckler ... i am funny in different ways to different people . most of the time i am pretty sarcastic and cynical , especially at my work where i am surrounded by people with the same sense of humor and we all ... yes indeed , op . my partner , mom , and boss have accused me of being a bit messy but compared to my sister ... let's just say on a 1-10 scale of messiness ( 10 an episode of hoarders ) she'd be a 7 and i ... i would say yes if i wasn't on such a tight budget ! otherwise ... nah i can't really claim this is a quality i possess :( i have been called this by a high school english teacher of mine . she noted it based off my writing style and content . i love getting deep into things , but usually it's silly stuff like works of ... i know i do ! writing is an area i take pride in and continually strive to improve upon . i am very sensitive to typo's and mistakes . but regretfully , i do get a bit judgmental , especially if it's a ... ditto . sad to think , but it has been a motivator for the vast majority of choices i have made , from the very big to the very small . but it's not all bad , it does have its perks . i like similarminds.com ' s descriptions . i fit pretty much all these for isfj , with some tweaking here and there follows the rules , polite , fears drawing attention to self , dislikes competition , ... '