' i think dreams do have some type of unconscious meaning and i also want to believe that they can be signs from some higher consciousness ; i say want because i'm not sure . i've analyzed quite a ... yes , i do consider myself an animal whisperer . i volunteer at a wild rehabilitation center and i've found that many animals seem receptive to me ; owls , pigeons and ducks in particular . i also ... i believe there is a thread on ideal partners a page or two back . you might want to check that one out before asking the same question . to answer the question : yes , i've had much difficult finding a girlfriend , as it's almost impossible ... because i'm mainly attracted to guys : laughing : sometimes i find the threads in these forums ... root : under-active ( - 31 % ) sacral :op en ( 19 % ) navel : under-active ( - 50 % ) heart : under-active ( 6 % ) throat :op en ( 38 % ) third eye :op en ( 31 % ) crown :op en ( 31 % ) ouch , - 50 % sounds pretty bad . i feel that awful feeling you get when you sleep in too much , combined with emotional agony associated with dreaming about something you wish would happen , but you know is impossible . i like to revisit old hobbies and have a rush of nostalgia to show me how life goes by really fast , and get myself motivated . i like to think that the feeling of nostalgia is created to get us moving ... i feel as if i was born to do something with nature . most of my hobbies are related to horticulture , ornithology or nature photography . nature never fails to fascinate me . i'm really passionate ... i got abstract tan , and blue . then again , i feel like i scored high in other colours as well . i identify with the they want to make sure that everyone feels loved and accepted . part of blue , but ... i pretty much agree with that . i find that during times of distress , seeing a crow or a swallow flying is a message . i usually see swallows as meaning happiness ; i'm unsure of what the crows means , ... i wrote an essay on why my school should have gender neutral restrooms for trans * folk and my english teacher liked it : crazy : my username is my name and my favourite number ( s ) . i have synesthesia and to me , 1709 is a beautiful number . it's been my favourite since 6th grade and that's how i can tell i have synaesthesia ; ... someone who .. - somehow manages to actively listen to everything i have to say and can also lead the conversation . - i don't have to downplay my emotions or passions with . - is in my opinion ... the existence of human beings ... i think the planet would be so much more beautiful without us . or if there was a way to somehow convince humans to not be little shits , then i would change the ... at first , i though a senior was attractive . it eventually escalated to me thinking about him daily , and my heart stopped ( and still does ) whenever he walks by me . i've barely ever talked to him , but ... once , a rude acquaintance was going on about how she could do a make over to me and how i should get my hair and eyebrows done , how i should change my wardrobe and do all sorts of changes to ... goodness gracious — ellie goulding ( chainsmokers remix ) to remember the typical infp cognitive functions , i just remember fine site .. perc is a fine ( web ) site . fine site ... get it ? apparently i'm hilarious at telling stories , so people enjoy listening to me explain events . i also talk a lot , and although some people consider me annoying , most people are used to me . i usually ... i do believe i may suffer from this personality disorder , although i'm hypochondriac and it's not quite easy for me to diagnose myself with anything .. 6 months ago , during the holiday break , i ... i can imagine myself closing my eyes , and shooting / ( other means of killing ) the poor thing . i'm not very good with dealing with killing animals , but i can sometimes manage to mute my emotions enough ... i imagine a relationship with them , cuddling with them and if they are physically attractive , well .. do i have to continue that sentence ? i usually imagine them being bisexual / gay , and wonder if they ... they go 100x better in my head .. i get nervous and have a tendency to talk way too fast without noticing and stumbling on words . on good days , i summarize and use simple language to easily deliver ... i have a tendency to remember odd facts and bits of information ... i'm good with scientific names and etymology , but i know a few random facts as well.here are a few from the top of my head : - ... by blood i am ( my mother and her side are from quebec ) , although i'm born and raised in southern ontario . there's actually a small community down here with all french ( not immersion ) schools . good luck with french grammar .. i've been speaking it since i was 5 ( i'm still in my teens though ) yet i still have trouble with feminine / masculine . this is absolutely me . minus maybe the whole master part ; i usually get preoccupied with something , forget about it and then i move on . sometimes i'll come back to it , but i usually don't . right ... i believe that if you the relationship is consensual and between adults , then it's fine . i don't typically agree with the polyamory displayed on tv , because i think that it's all an act , and it's ... i'm mostly into the same sex , and considering the main population ( especially in highschool ) is attracted to the same sex , i'm very used to this . i used to completely hide my crushes , but that i'm ... i once liked a guy that turned out to be pretty ignorant . he'd constantly use gay slurs as synonyms for stupid , used the word retarded and said with certainty that people with tattoos and ... no , there isn't anything wrong with it in my opinion . as long as they are both consensual and comfortable with it , and use protection in order to prevent the risk of issues ( i . e . developmental issues ... edit . : gifs not working :/ the closest thing to asmr that i've experienced is chills while i listen to music .. i especially get these when i'm outdoors , the wind is blowing , birds are flying and i'm holding a pretty crystal . just some of my babies ! the first photo has hematite , carnelian , citrine , green aventurine , sodalite , amethyst and selenite . they're meant for chakras , but i just think they are pretty and i got them ... yeah , i learned from seeing so many gorgeous wraps on instagram , and ad decided to try it myself . after a while of fiddling around , i learned techniques . i love wirewrapping ! i've only done simpler things , like this ; mine are small tumbled stones too , although i do have larger pieces .. i usually just wear them or put them in my pockets for the day , and note differences in emotion .. etc call me crazy , but i feel ... yes yes yes ! i have a whole collection of stones and i find them so gorgeous ! i kind of use them for energy work and the like , but i still think they are very shiny and beautiful . just saw this post ; i love your photos ! i actually just got a new dslr with lenses today ( canon d300 ) and i'm feeling the creative urge to take photos of everything . pansexual too ! i'm mainly attracted to men but people are people , and people happen to be attractive . i like dominant people in general ; they contrast my passive , nervous self . i just wanted to thank you for being an amazing human being and clarifying on sexual orientation . i've seen too many threads assuming that everyone here happens to be heterosexual and it gets ... i usually revise notes ; i learn best by understanding a concept or idea , rather than memorizing a string of words . then , i'll write notes once , tell myself i'll revise them , throw them out and go to ... i'm afraid that i'm a hypocrite and all my judgements of others are simply a reflection of myself . i'm afraid of dying with regrets i'm afraid of not knowing ... not knowing what to believe in , not ... i feel like subconsciously , i do . at the age of 5 , my mom passed away and i think if was especially traumatizing at my age . i don't remember much about her , but i do remember growing up with a ... yes .. i remember once in elementary school , people were being a bit racist torwards muslims and the only arab girl in our class was offended .. i immediately began to bawl , without consciously thinking ... i usually cry alone , in the shower .. this way the tears don't get all messy and because it's where i usually think . the only times i cry in front of other people is when something sudden happens ( i . e ... the lack of humans .. i feel like humans completed ruined every single natural cycle , we caused the decline in wildlife population , pollution , erosion .. etc and i feel like we are the worst animals to ... i normally take walks as i photograph but i enjoy running . it seems like time stops for a while and when you feel like vomiting and you feel awful , you quit running and a feeling of relief floods ... when i was around 6 to 9 years old , i remember sitting in the bathtub , thinking what's the point of life ? and my father noticed how depressed i was and brought home some of the neighbours toys to ... i'm pretty superstitious and i have a few crystals for the good energy and luck but i haven't really seen any significant change . i just like them cause they are pretty ( especially dumortierite ) . ... '