' my roommate for the past 6 months was an entp . we got along splendidly . we could discuss and debate for hours ; we often played devil's advocate just so we could debate something we agree on . she ... repeating a bunch of these : value : peace , a good debate , being kind for the sake of being kind ( you'd be surprised how many people can treat a stranger like shit ) , clarity ( don't tell me it's 6:00 ... hispanic intp here . i think that if there is any correlation between mbti type and race , it's probably insignificant . i've only met 1 intj and barely knew him , so i can't really choose that type . :/ it's hard to choose between entj or entp . entj for the same reasons you listed . their ambition is something that i ... i watched a short video of a strange parasite exiting it's dead mantis host . the top comment was , i find this very difficult to masturbate to . it was funny at the time . not so much now . assuming that the chance of a horrible outcome is reasonably small , plenty of ns will do something potentially dangerous for fun . enxps ( ne-doms ) in particular are optimistic and see how much fun ... i had an intp friend in high school . he was basically an exaggerated version of me . he was lazier , smarter , and much less social . he slept through ap calculus bc ( and probably other classes ) all the ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) xxtjs . they tend to dedicate a lot of time into their work ( a quality i ... i think your mom is doing this because she cares about you . however , she doesn't know what's best for you . i think you should just come out whenever you want . i've never regretted coming out even if ... this sounds more like anxiety than a cognitive function . i think anxiety is linked to the si-ne function pair , but that's just my theory . i'm an intp , but have mild gad ( general anxiety disorder ) . my ... lol . i didn't even catch the irony in my post . i've only gotten close to one entj , but there's a 9 - year age gap between us . this probably affects our friendship since he's more mature than i am . but here goes : entjs have incredibly sexy ... i'm an enneagram 9 so i'm usually warm and friendly ( until you get to know me and my sarcastic humor comes out ) . i hide my ti most of the time . but when people make exaggerations , i often correct ... one of my infp friends is extremely patient . she endures a lot without complaint . she'll occasionally go on a catch-up story-telling rant ( but we don't see each other often and i'm bad at ... i'm 99.99 % certain i'm an intp but my enneagram is type 9 , the peacemaker . we sugarcoat everything . i occasionally even agree to do something i don't want to do to just to make someone else ... actually , dissonance occurs when two tones are either a half-step , whole-step or tritone apart . dissonance is notably jarring to the ear when two dissonant notes are played , but can be quite ... can't we just look at this objectively ? i don't see why everyone is getting mad at the op . it'd be interesting to see honest answers . and i certainly wouldn't be upset if a lot of you chose intp .  ... si isn't all about tradition and memory . it's also a bubble of comfort that we don't want to get out of . when we get asked to try something new , our si kicks in and tells us that we should stick to ... please describe why / how you arrived at atheism . this reminds me of my entp friend . she's very optimistic about her ideas and it's so annoying when she doesn't see the obvious flaws . we do sometimes work together to refine her ideas , which i'm ... heterosexual : sexually attracted to people of the opposite sex according to the definition of heterosexual , it does matter who you are attracted to . you are wrong . also , you aren't being too ... hi sj's ! i want to know what your personal thoughts about your tertiary or inferior ne function are . here are some questions to consider : what are the strenghts and weaknesses of your ne ? ... intp here . pretty spot-on for me except it's extremely rare for me to express emotions verbally ( pretty sure i'd be aware of this ) , and i'm not too sure about expressing them physically either . my ... yes , but he stopped trying to go to sleep and instead played on the computer . that time isn't spent laying down in bed with all the lights out , devices off , and his eyes closed . in essence , he gave ... i define going to bed as laying down in bed with your eyes closed and with the intention of falling asleep . is any amorous relationship rational ? i , for one , don't think any kind of affection is rational . affection doesn't come from logic . it comes from emotions . maybe you should rephrase your ... are you misunderstanding the question of this thread ? to clarify : if you 1 . go to bed 2 . stare at a screen for 4 hours 3 . turn off the screen 4 . go to bed again 5 . fall asleep in 5 minutes ... lmao . i follow these steps every night . although it's more like 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 3 4 . steps 1 and 2 are kind of off-topic though . :P i'm looking for responses like steps 3 and 4 where the subject is ... these all sound like enneagram type 9 traits . i think the stereotypical infp is a 4 . i'm a 9 and an intp , and i fit the above description pretty well . the only differences are that i love to debate ... lack of fulfillment for the child . but the child will be dead . why should it matter that something dead would have sad feelings if it were alive ? the second bold statement is purely subjective . well if there's any correlation so far , it seems like ixtx's have trouble sleeping . i'm not certain there is a correlation though . : o a much larger sample size would be necessary . oh well . i ... the p stands for procrastinator . epicglitch i can relate ! and thanks for the comics . :) mcee your test results are a little scattered . read the portraits on personalitypage.com for those 3 personality types and see which you ... my entp roommate and i ( intp ) were talking and this came up in conversation . i usually take between 30 minutes to an hour to fall asleep after turning everything off and closing my eyes . she said she ... there shouldn't be any commas in this paragraph . the words because and that make whatever comes after them part of the original sentence . they aren't coordinating conjunctions . they are ... 21 . : blushed : a good chunk of them were during my freshman year in college ( 2 years ago ) . my sex drive has gone down a bit now . you have every right to be extremely wary of cars and dead bodies and to not ask jon snow's opinion on anything because as you said yourself , these things are likely dangerous ( or useless , in the ... the difference is that statistically , the chances of encountering a yakusa member or ninja are extremely low compared to encountering a rapist . and believing whether the old white man is a greedy ceo ... if i find out someone's an atheist , i generally become interested in them . i don't know enough fellow atheists . : sad : i don't really care if someone is any other religion . unless they try to ... i think i can be a pretty good leader . i wouldn't say it comes naturally though . leading isn't exactly something i want to do . the writer explains claudia goldin's theory about why the pay gap exists . [ t ] he trick is workplace flexibility in terms of hours and location . specifically , she thinks women with children cause the ... my cousin regularly ( something like 3 times a year ) raises money for battered women's shelters . she also works at a sexual assault hotline . you may now retract your statement . :p roud : the argument ... no . women actually make less money in the same jobs with controlled age , race , hours , and education . http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/24/upshot/the-pay-gap-is-because-of-gender-not-jobs.html?_r=0 the power to transform into a snail . but only when attempting to travel long distances . the ability to change the font of words on official documents such as birth certificates and passports . i ... i can relate . i once took 2 hours to find a place 15 minutes from my house . and i had written down directions from googlemaps . to be fair , the directions were a little confusing . :d ry : i also ... i've asked a few friends to take the test . sensors tended to not care about the test or not want to take it . some of them took it , but lost interest halfway through reading a portrait of their ... i think have a slightly higher preference for fe than other intps . emotional movies move me ( if they're good enough , of course ) . and i like when people tell me about their feelings because if i can ... i agree with above . i prefer to analyze a situation and act accordingly than to immediately let my feelings take over . that being said . i do love opening up every once in a while and letting my ... i agree with corrosivethoughts . in relationships , i'm pretty submissive unless certain boundaries are crossed . prefer not to be dominant though . this is all pretty interesting . thanks for the responses everyone ! :p roud : i don't remember actually touching anyone else's privates when i was a kid . i probably wanted to though . i also do ... '