cosmo . shock to honks . istj . tmlt be very optimistic otherwise , but listen to very pessimistic music . reach . that is true , it also happens a bit in real life we have all eight functions , we just don't use them all a lot , this is to say there are rare occasions were i seem to act more like fi than fe . it is ... cents . entj . tmlt be the type of drunk to pick fights with everyone esfj . tmlt be an overly cautious driver and get into accidents before of such . plane . esfp . tmlt record their favorite tv show but never go back to watch it . maise to miser . brats . entp . tmlt pick up skills just to impress the opposite gender . istp . tmlt crash their expensive car by trying to avoid a rock on the road . pairs . taper . esfp . mostly because i feel like they get the worst rep and it would be disheartening , so i can see some esfps pretending to be enfp or estp . tmlt be addicted to frivolous things , like ... first off thank you for taking my word with the isfj's in mourning thing :) secondly , i am not fully convinced he leads with si . as i said , i can't really see fe in him and since aux te seems like a ... i just think that what we see in neville ( putting type to one side ) is him being insecure at first and growing into himself . definitely , insecurity is not linked to one type , but the way he ... definitely in the earlier books but he grows out of this by book seven , this could be fe maturing or just him not being insecure anymore though . fe always needing others is a stereotype , unhealthy fe ... then what examples can you give of it later on ? you mean of him prioritizing other's ideals versus his own ? i just wrote an entire post with references to that . please reread my response , but even ... i can definitely see how he lacks primary ti , but i again should point out that ti is not his dominant or secondary function . obviously that is not a substantial argument , so i will elaborate . if ... remember we are not supposed to type ourselves at a young age because we are not developed . also is that really fe we are seeing or just insecurity ? because if it was fe then we would see it all the ... i think you're mistaking fe with ne . fe / fi is not the primary interactive mechanism of mbti , they're more so the place between opinion and action , like a middle man , if that makes any sense . for ... seconding this . slack to class . i'm not clumsy , but no matter what i do , people either throw stuff at me or hit me by accident ( i assume ) . i'll see it coming too and try to avoid it but nope . i'm a magnet for disaster . why can't it ... grape . cinnamon . i agree with a majority of your typing's and others i have listed my reasoning's in my previous post , but what are your thoughts for istj neville ? i see the dominant si but te secondary ? what are ... - in what ways do you act and / or feel introverted ? before i learned the word , i always felt like an outsider among my classmates . y'know , the type to pretend that their parents said no just to ... eyeballs . reading usually makes me quite drowsy , so picking up a book an hour or so before your designated time could help . getting that mental energy out is what you need to do . you're doing it again , completely dodging responsibility . instead of actually going into your faults , you just attempt to feed me stories about your self-hatred to garner my sympathy . i am not an ... entp . tmlt be really good at attracting people but terrible at keeping them around . it's very alarming that whenever you do something to hurt her feelings , you jump to ' she doesn't understand ' which is the complete opposite of how you claim to respect her . and also , about the ... then age is important . you made it sound like all of her family members were insane in your first post - that was very immature and irrational of you . she has a lot of self-discovery to do and steps ... i understand that you care deeply for her , but my point is that her feelings are relevant as well . you say you asked but you haven't given an examples of her answers . would you mind answering with ... wow , i didn't expect for you all to be so clever . good for you , infps ! ( hitting myself too ... ) if she feels like you lie to her , perhaps you should ask her for specific examples instead of pushing it aside and comparing yourself to other people in her life that are obviously unhealthy . i know ... moody . entp . tmlt openly like and support generally hated things for the sake of irony . estp . tmlt cry when coming in second place . isfp . tmlt give in to peer pressure and regret it later , but do it again . estp . tmlt commit murder but forget to hide the body . it sounds like writing is really up your alleyway . not just fiction or stories , but perhaps political or philosophic views . of course , it's not a very stable job that you can just pack up and decide ... by my own standards , i am a good person . by others , i might not be . words like ' good ' and ' bad ' are very subjective and i avoid using them , but i'd think that most people i meet consider me to be a ... sneer . esfp . tmlt appreciate the smaller things but be blind to the big ones . 1 . i'm logical . i originally thought i was intp because i was always ' the smart one ' in the group , no matter which group it was . it was before i looked into the functions though and saw the secondary ...