' to my knowledge and experience , there are more questions . i also noticed that the time i took the written form it was actually harder to differentiate what they were trying to measure from the ... it can be ... because it's a very internal process . there's bits from the unconscious percolating into one's conscious awareness . not necessarily . it highly depends on the individual . not necessarily . if the individual is personally rigid and inflexible due to their own personal or cultural influences and experiences , then yes of course ... but that's true for those with a strong ... i see where you're getting at , but not necessarily . those that have a predominant ne may have a more obvious creativity . those with a strong ni are still very creative , but it's not seen ... exactly . and that's true on so many levels . paul i'd guess is an infj ... he's pretty reserved , but creative and structured with an obvious case of writer's block . not so much focused on the logical as much as he is concerned about others . ... i would have to agree with you . when acting , he appeared more extraverted ( like , perhaps an enfp ) but if you watch any interviews i can see how private he was . he was a creative ( n ) for sure , but ... yes yes yes . definitely . it's especially easy for those of us who have a high level of empaths ... so naturally those in who are nfs and especially those with fe . i've written about this a bit ... hi gollymolly , sorry to hear about the breakup . i'm definitely feeling for you there ! yeah , we all always tell ourselves something like that . but how realistic is that ? not very . if ... haha . okay that makes sense now . [ / i ] mmm ... yeah that sounds like more of a fear of intimacy . or , more deeply stated , a fear of vulnerability and self-exposure . makes perfect sense why ... i'm going to apologize beforehand if any of my comments feel tough but it truly is coming from love . i feel like sometimes we really just need to hear the tough love reality in order to get past ... i don't feel that they necessarily dispel as much as just simply not be as heavily weighed upon . i feel like the initial functions and preferences gradually balance themselves out with all the other ... i feel that you're taking this mbti thing a bit too far . there's a difference between recognizing preferences in myself to fit a model versus fitting myself and other people into the model so it ... exactly . it's not very proactive , ultimately . there are nts that are very interested in bohemian dialogue . there were several in a course i took who were very into the theory . in fact , albert einstein ( intp ) was involved in its creation ( can't ... i feel like we've crossed the line in the discussion where we've all agreed that we like sweet potatoes over white potatoes but it's getting technical as to whether the orange or purple ones are ... yeah from what i'm gathering here is that really any people's disagreement with my initial post is coming from their belief that i don't feel there's anything to gain from debates and expressing ... isn't that what i was describing in my initial post ? i felt that was the theme of this thread already . that being said , perhaps there really is just a lot of mutual agreement going on here it's ... i'm really wishing i knew more about the theories of these two . unfortunately , i'm only familiar with the jungian aspect that was mentioned . so please , add to the discussion . :-) that's actually why i'm really liking the enneagram lately because i feel like i can't really mistype if i focus on how each type looks when at various stages of development . i can look at the ... haha . it's okay . i actually just found it funny that you ( and every person that has responded to my question about reasons why ) has mentioned something that i was talking to someone about this ... yes . i find anger rather interesting lately . like , a tragic event happens and rather than experience and express sadness , people respond in judgmental anger and start blaming others . i'm not ... i get what you're saying , but i feel like i'm missing a step or something to fully connect it back to the issue . yes , there's knowledge in all sorts of ways and not just intrapersonal ... oh i feel there's an increase in violence worldwide - - not just the us . i was just talking to my boyfriend ( in south korea ) last night and he was telling me about some 16 year old boy who brutally ... oh , i love the moderators here ! * high fives all around * that's part of the reason i came back because i was on another forum for a while and the moderators were very strict on rules . sometimes i ... that would be interesting . not only to just see why other people are there , but it's also a way to encourage people to stop and reflect upon why we are doing certain things . cause i feel like ... eh , i kind of encouraged it just to get the discussion a bit less intense . i felt the humor is needed . for sure . somebody posts something and it then seems to open the door to be attacked or something . i wonder if these are the early signs of a soon to be alien invasion ? ? or wwz ? ? hahahahah hmm ... so since there are several who feel the same way i have on this , lets play with this idea a bit . why do you think this is coming up ? more people on the internet ? a lot of people with ... why thank you . :-) oh i know they are harmless . it's just when other select people may not take it that way . i just like to describe ni simply by taking in many different ideas and data and noticing patterns in order to come to a conclusion . the exact opposite we see in ne that sees endless possibilities ... you just explained my hesitation for posting this . i kept looking inward and asking if i was just somehow looking for more ego boosts . but then i realized : i was actually looking more for ego ... agree completely . the only thing that irks me is that a lot of it seems to be ego strokes . and there doesn't seem to be anything else in the world that brings about ego strokes more than religion and ... see , i remember it always being there on all those extra forums , so i avoided them most of the time . the infj forum was alway like my safety net where i didn't have to be exposed to that stuff . now ... i feel like you're kind of describing more of a fi user ( like infp or isfp ) . fi is more personal value oriented while fe is more community value oriented . this is why , to the infj , an infp can ... wonderful . thank you for sharing . :-) i've been a bit hesitant to say this , but i'm feeling inclined to mention it anyway . as maybe some old-timers know , i was on this forum quite a few years back . i started back in 2009 and then ... yeah . i was having them about every night or every other night about a couple years ago . through certain people i had crossed paths casually at the time i eventually found myself seeking out a ... i've read through everybody's thoughts and especially this one . the one thought that keeps coming to me is the importance of healthy boundaries within a relationship . this is going beyond type and ... i'm sorry to hear that . i've haven't had too many jobs after my undergrad , but i can quickly say this : i hate working for other people . i've been in education . it's better than business ( i'd go nuts there ) but i hate ... mmmm that can be difficult in finding books like that in the world we live in . i guess that's when i've sometimes turned to watching disney movies . : laughing : i know they are kind of tragic in ... btw , i'm saying universe to focus more on the reality of our experiences rather than to put any energy into the endless debate of whether a deity exists or doesn't exist . i feel that whatever your ... based on my own experience i have the philosophy of : follow the feeling , if its not supposed to happen the the universe will throw something at you to stop you from messing up . if the doors suddenly ... not to much . i live very simply . so simply that i was living in this apartment for the first month with just a couch , japanese futon , and two tables . there's more now , but it's still very simple . if ... if i were you , i'd focus more on how to change myself to better improve such relationships rather than simply look for a different type or a different person within that type . that being said , ... listening patience with others , yet ( generally now - - not so much previously ) know when to not grasping philosophical and very abstract concepts ... but even i've struggled with some because they ... i love how you simplified this and broke it down to a simple description of each type and explain each type's integration easy . i wish i saw this sooner long before i dove into reading all these ... i feel like you're taking this a bit too far ... i loved thailand , japan , and korea . i enjoyed russia and china as well , though a little less like because of the extreme culture difference ... i believe it was one of the websites of vicky jo , an mbti coach . so it was either i n f j or infj or infp ? a closer look . just not sure which one , since that was a very long time ago . '