' a chimichanga . hello , dear fellow café-members . let ´ s try to work off the questions . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , ... in school , i spent most of my spare time in the library ! : cool : i ´ ve only heard that intp are grammar and spelling nazis ... i don ´ t know why , but every time i re-read the characteristics of intp , i have this image of a malkavian in mind ... eeeh ... ? you can switch your personality easily ... just like that ? you lucky one . spyair – just one life lyrics & translation | | jpoptime lol , you said non-edited xd just one life lyrics - to answer to another thread xd spyair – just one life lyrics & translation | | jpoptime :) being a hermit but not being cut off of electricity and the internet . i know , contradictory , wishful thinking , huh ? i ´ m thinking about why am i ' wasting ' my time with gaming , eventhough i could do so much more ... but i love gaming though - _ - an apple and a persimmon . now i ´ m feeling bad @_ @ i am an intp , but i think intj are slightly more ' intelligent ' . ... i guess ? i mean , they are not called masterminds for nothing :) how are you today ? i feel ill . and bad . might have some reflux issues . pains in the upper torso . feeling tired and nearly every muscle aches . especially the back . i hope i don ´ t suffer of thyroid ... i have a bad stomach ache , and i don ´ t know why . i just ate some carrots and drank water . i can ´ t be possibly allergic to carrots ? damn , the human body is a huge mystery . no . no , i don ´ t like gore at all - neither in movies and video games nor in real life . ( okay , real life would be really drastic ) . i can ´ t stomach splatter as well , but i can handle brawls and ... standing up against injustice inside our heads is easy . the reality however looks a whole lot different . for example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EisZTB4ZQxY : your avatar picture ... gave me nearly a heart attack xd 109154 hello everyone . i ´ ll be joining your community from now on . hope , we ´ ll get along well . :) personal ~ * name - zayel , you may also call me zay as a nickname * gender : female location ... i think this explains your question quite a bit ... in a funny way :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPfdiMnrbYE too bad it ´ s german , but i think this is quite an intp-song , right ? ( starting at 2:30 ) http://youtu.be/YYaRNbzA-lM?t=1m45s 108402 explanations here : http://malkavian.wikidot.com/traditions i think it fits quite for an intp . drawing ... and the library :) no ... i ´ m just not good with these kind of tests :( time pressure doesn ´ t make it any better . i love ( d ) dexter , spartacus and v ( 2003 ) . game of thrones will be the next series i want to watch . but i generally don ´ t watch tv very often . playing games or watching animes ... well , that ´ s a ... hmmm ... the general first impression of me is quite good . people think of me as a reliable and accommodating person , because i tend to talk in a polite and considerate manner during the first ... i tend to be happy during my alone-time ( hobbies , etc . ) and in get-togethers with best friends . apart from these two situations , i am always serious and broody . hmm ... i ´ m terrible at maths ... though my results in the meyers briggs test / 16 personality test / jungean test is always intp . i have a very flat nose and have major difficulties to find the appropriate pair of sunglasses , hence - no trendy shades for me :( is it weird to say that an overly huge amount of cuteness makes me laugh ? most of the time i wear casual clothes which consist of sneakers ( spring / summer ) or boots ( winter / autumn ) , blue jeans , t-shirt and cardigan . ... yes , i guess i ´ m rather one of the plain people - but ... i can ´ t link a video here , since i haven ´ t reached the 15 - posts rule , but well ... right at the moment , i ´ m listening to blumenkranz ( kill la kill ost , artist : cyua ) hahaha ... this was also the first thing i had in mind . second one is ignorance . third : arrogance . oh , i do like barcamp , but most of the time there aren ´ t many issues which peak my interest . guess it depends on the country and region too , huh ? i agree with this setup . i ´ m chaotic neutral as well ( though chaotic good is on equal level ) . judging from the results of the poll , it may be safe to say , that intp are generally neutral ? alignment : lawful good - - - ... '