' a lot of conspiracy theorists like to say that a cure for cancer already exists . do you think that it's possible that it is withheld from the general population for monetary reasons . if someone can ... thats pretty much season 3 in a nutshell i was joking . im not questioning the actor , just the character he played . i hated the character frodo in the lotr trilogy . having the final word doesn't mean winning . if i argue that i can put a gun to my head and pull the trigger and not die , someone says no , and then i say yes and they realize the stupidity of the ... so i went to this site and put a female friend of mine's snapchat username , needless to say it rather reputable for people who wanna sex on snapchat and she got so many dickpics she had to get a new ... so because of their personality types they aren't accountable as much as others for any flaws or flawed actions ? possible hobbes ' ( hobbes's ? hobbi's ? ) deaths . 1 ) a tragic wagon / sled related accident ... 2 ) death by mildew from the incessant water balloon fights ... 3 ) or worst of all , calvin losing us and ... is it because it provides with a safe outlet for mental challenging so to speak ? do you fellow intps like it because it's like safe conversation ? no douchebags or jerks to monopolize the conversation ... isn't that hypocritical to make that statement and then have that opinion ? if you could believe in the christian god absent-mindedly and not have to question it , wouldn't that be better than ... well do you think you would excel at those jobs ? i have trouble not doing jobs if they can be done by anyone with an iq of 50 or higher . i prefer jobs which are the culmination of pioneering and ... just download an ad blocker and go to project freetv its all free including the ad blocker . it'll change your life and ruin your social life . at the same time that is an excellent representation of the flaws of humans , no ? do you think ryan is an intp ? his name is elijah wood , don't disrespect him with the role of that incessant douchebag named frodo . ok 1 ) likewise on your avatar handsome , 2 ) how great was fight club ? ! and 3 ) what if it was something stupid and at the end of season 4 he wakes up from his overdose , or they go the supernatural ... are you trying to prove that non-violence can extinguish any situation by agreeing with me ? or am i just paranoid ? niccolo machiavelli , he is the person i would want to guide me throughout dante's inferno . first of all , your condescendance is highly unappreciated . so if someone breaks into my house and starts beating my wife , not being violent back is gonna stop that ? your theories on violence are ... congratulations on basically taking away people's ability to feed their children ? i fail to see the victory in that ... i was just wondering about your philosophical thoughts on the fx show wilfred and all of the underlying themes and connotations and your theories as to the existence of wilfred .. i disagree , if you don't fight back , then whose to stop violence ? conquerers and warlords and religious fanaticism that implement violence don't tend to stop just because you don't fight back ... i think that yes , it would be up to the people that are in power but what i challenge you to look at is how easy is it for someone to exploit this system and use it to turn one person against the ... both are objectifying , true , but what i'm asking now is if personality types were mainstreamed would it make the world better or worse ? so you see racial discrimination and personality discriminations as equals ? i see them as two different things entirely , one being knowledge based and the other being a lack thereof . how would you contrive such and argument for the open-mindedness ? also , more educated doesn't necessary mean they won't still discriminate ... i feel as though the 16 personality labels have a way of making it so that instead of ted , the 32 year-old investment banker from ohio ( made up for the purpose of this statement ) , people will see ... point ? no one told me i was supposed to have a point ! thanks obama ... well thats a very intp assessment ... where will we go ? switzerland ? just a general tip as in any relationship , patience is key . an intp will usually have trouble relating to you on an emotional level . you must realize its his nature , not a reflection of his feelings . you must also ... see win win ... i myself am very much a feminist , my dad is very much a chauvinist and i abhor discrimination for sexual preference , gender , race , and intelligence quotient . i believe the right of the ... success , sex , drugs , and carbs feminism in its core form is logical , but often it is used , not to defend but to offend . organizations often treat all men as misogynists and many women think that because they were discriminated ... it depends on his reason for dating you but generally we have trouble respecting people who don't allow the nurturing of their intelligence in any way . intp's are more do as i say , not as i do . they could perfectly design the personality of a completely new person on every level but can't seem to change themselves regardless of their logic and ... thats only for the emotionally underdeveloped . emotional trauma to an intp generally makes them either entirely invulnerable or more vulnerably or often a weird heterogeneous mixture of the two . * they're i find this ridiculously sexy . sexist pigs 98778 this is me . i'm a high fashion model ...  ... not to brag or anything . seductive white guy is seductive does his wand ever come into play in these fantasies ? 1 ) i once did psychological experiments on my girlfriend , studied , documented and basically followed the whole scientific formula . needless to say she didn't like it when i confronted her on the ... the fact that some kids don't know what gamecube is ... or maybe thats just a little sad my late sister was an intj an seemed to have the world at her fingertips . she was beautiful , smart , and everyone wanted to be around her all of the time , ( though her introverted nature didn't permit ... perhaps its a little condescending or ignorant to say you can't have blissful awareness or miserable ignorance but if given the choice is it better to search for answers you may never find or simply ... a female intp ! a sexy unicorn ... violence does not necessarily beget more violence . often it stops future violence . how rational are you in a spousal or significant other fight ? if you like her behavior reward it . if you don't care or you appear not to care about her helping then how can you expect her to ? and a healthy relationship between roommates is honesty . that means ... '