' no i look like a robot so serious i try to discover the truth , but do not step to anyone . i'm not honest , i'm a liar and fuck you . nobody wants to discover any truth , then why go to the people ? want is to deceive them , ... charisma ability to solve problems exotic intelligence without fear ambition i've nothing against promiscuous women , but come not talking about marriage . who lives in promiscuity gets used in that kind of life . y'all can see that these pretty girls enjoying the ... good to fuck bad to marry swallow my ego and enter modeled system revolt is for the weak seduce has nothing to do with types . it's instinct . i fuck a lot . centrist , not so much the liberal or communist utopias that are extreme . ' m homophobic . i don't like chaos . i like being in my corner without much change or error . i reject rules , types of behavior of other people . at work i always treated badly some people , and sometimes i just kept quiet and solve technical problems . i think fe is important to ... who has tips to develop fe ? my fe is rubbish , i'm at a critical stage , should be the ti ... i reject all that is social . it's to manipulate others , dont see why seek harmony with others if not to ... sorry , my english is rotten , but you are wanting to write a story or is going through it really ? forget the stereotypes . so how can there be a marxist entp , may have a conservative . i don't like intps . intj is the smartest . the dumbest is the entp . i'm not se ... was never the action , now , details , i think i have introverted thinking , but is not dominant , i was always more to explore outside . but i confess that i have a little more ... i've never been much of help , today i am more selfish and do not even see the purpose in friendship , only if you give me something in return ... this question of friendships exchanges ... what i meant is that the world should revolve around what i think , revolve around my ego ... and sometimes escapes from reality , because it's not always how i think . i don't see myself ... i put these opinions to see people's reactions . it's amazing when i make a criticism of women , and regardless of being entp , entj or isfj ... they ( the women ) always comes with the same opinion : not ... - do not consider myself an introvert , i just seeking information abroad . but sometimes lose track of reality . and to recover end up having to remember the past to know what really happened ... i decided to ask the help of all . would be easy for me to say how i see the world as it's what it's about the mbti and jungian functions . - i'm not a person of action , often get stuck in the ... when i want to earn lots of money . just do it , and you'll have the answer . edit : functions / types do not exist , has never been proven . forget typology , forget that it is entp , just do it . the experience is who will say , without practice you have nothing . only say that women who are with useless * guys like me are not because they have problems or are golddiggers , but because they like the emotion , like a dominant man . that's nature , you can be the ... marie curie was the exception , as various geniuses who think outside of the curve . one thing i tell you man x woman relationship in the nature / biology will always speak stronger because the man ... that is feminine , good mother , good cook , be submissive to me . but today's women are very free and libertine , then i take to have sex and only ... so no wedding today , only to return to patriarchy ... i am spanish and do not speak the native language , so to summarize : i do not like rational women , because they are boring . most women that i picked up in my life i wasted no time , and was just ready ... i do not like intellectual conversation with a woman , seriously . and they do not like intellectual man , my experience tells me having status ( like money , beauty and trickery ) only speak bitching in ... men are polygamous by nature . it has nothing to do with types , rational or not ... is animal , women want the best , it is natural . and love does not exist , never existed , i just love deceive the women ... nothing . my god , you're marxist . fucking hell , the worst people to be discussed are the marxists , if they understood the logic they would not accept the system they preach , it will never work . the us's fucked ... did not want to be insensitive , but in today's modern world people live just whining . when i said that my grandparents had no time to grieve , it is because they were working hard and had nothing to ... feynman is not entp . i know a enfp , boring as fuck with their moral valuesu 200bu200b . morality is a limiter for the development of a man . and the authenticity of it enrages me , i'm more style adaptation to groups . genuine ... the world is not for the weak , fuck you even more if you stay up victimizing . when i read these texts disappoint me . in ancient times when my grandparents were in the countryside didn't have time to ... submissive woman , sexy , sincere , that gives me peace and good sex . doing this i'm the happiest man in the world , no more . the type who has it , i appreciate it . ah , that cook well too . my writing sucks , and i can never truly express what i'm thinking . i've thought fucks things and when i quit writing shit . i write fast and ugly . women are too emotional to be rational ... and when has a rational i don't have sex with her , cause are very masculinized . i like this topic.all entps will all gang fuck motherfuckersyesterday i sucked a delicious pussy and i put my wife to wash the dishes , i'm fucking sexist hahahahahhaand all the women that forum will ... entps are bums . sj's are working , making your life while you have a lot of shit bums throwing their lives away . a forum should serve as an escape rather than the lives of many . so i prefer to study ... i've never used . angry and depressed i am always the same . can be used , but not be aware of the use windows 95 is isfj . just wanted to find out that you are an fi user , over . but did not continue with the answers . socrates feelings . hahahahaha sorry , my english sucks or is what i'm asking ? why ? because kill yourself ? very playful you . but i'm talking about real life . what do you think of killing someone ? i've killed someone . what do you think ? '