' how aware are you of unmet needs ? pretty aware of when something is off , but it takes me awhile to process it and figure out the source , much less what to do about it . how do you cope with ... another one : https://www.enneagramworldwide.com/type-comparisons/#one_to_five i am core 5 with 1 in my tritype , so i know your battle . both 1s and 5s want to appear competent and capable , so ... interesting conversations and things that make me analyze , or topics i can fixate on for long periods of time . chewing the cud mentally , so to speak . intj . spock , a few times . but that's hardly fair . i couldn't dream of living up to that , haha . and the person who called me that is enfp , so , you know . as you say , it gets even messier when one thinks about the degree to which the wings or instincts and so on play a role . in theory they may be discrete categories but in practice we do exist on a ... you know , that's a good point . for me i think it's pretty cut and dry , because as a core 5 , both wing 6 and sp as my dominate instinct create the same essential attitude in me . i am security and ... everybody's got an opinion . as a student of the enneagram ( not an expert and certainly not someone who has attended every lecture or workshop since the 70s as i was not alive then ! ) i have found that ... in the big 5 there is an additional scale of neuroticism : calm to limbic . assertive ( a ) corresponds to calm and turbulent ( t ) corresponds to limbic . core 5 . disintegration to 7 : it's like i move more towards my inferior function , se , and become more impulsive and scattered . i eat or drink a lot and i do so randomly because i'm trying to avoid ... i can second that experience between 5s and 9s . i've known so many 9s and get along with them on a deep level , but once i started to explore the differences , it became apparent . at the very ... ok , nevermind . you left a statement in the context of this discussion ( we are similar in some ways , and we are different in others ) and such a statement does little to clarify the point since it's ... don't you think that asking you for your personal experiences , from your relevant perspective , counts as research ? i'm asking you for your perspective and your observations here . you said something ... what would you say are the notable similarities and differences , as you both share an mbti type but not an enneagram type ? perhaps 5 going to 7 in their direction of disintegration starts to exhibit scattered behavior that may include impulsive ( not controlled or balanced like a proper healthy extroverted type ) trips to ... i realize that there is some manner of debate about the correlations between typologies . i do hold that there are correlations or at the very least connections . you say they are evaluating different ... certain enneagram types heavily suggest certain mbti traits . for instance , 1 embodies j characteristics . 2 embodies f characteristics . are there any xxtx 2s ? i'm sure there is an istj or something ... i think this is a great question . 5s need a lot of time to process on their own . the cruelest thing you could do to a 5 is put them in a situation where they need to rely on their senses or ... when your non-mbti friends are annoyed as shit at you for your obsession with typology .  ... and they still refer to things from a typology perspective , because they are so used to hearing you do it . emotions of the enneagram 5 now i want to see what you guys come up with for your types . hahaha ! this is the best thread ever ! average 5w6 day on my way to work i have ocd . what makes these thoughts stick around is my horror and reaction to them . the more i resist thinking about them , the more they persist . just like don't think about polar bears . and what ... kinda sounds like the intj is nothing but a placeholder for you . you met on tumblr of all things , and he filled an emotional hole you had . but when the real relationship you have disappears , more ... wow , . good insight . the 9 i dealt with recently was at the unhealthy levels . like , can't brush teeth or get a job , completely dependent on others unhealthy . but most of the 9s i know are ... this conversation has been going on for awhile , and i apologize if i've missed any of the finer points . i just wanted to chime in on my recent experience with 5 versus 9 dynamics , from the ... i suppose being female in a male dominated type preference is likely to produce females that don't fit in as easily to the predetermined female mold . ask around in the intj forum , i'm not sure they ... your question is pretty loaded . in one sense , ni-doms do tend to participate in the world in a deeper way and tend to forgo material or inane interests . but that doesn't say anything about what types ... i do not identify as femme ; i'd say i am a masculine of center androgynous queer person . i guess i just prefer person to any gendered terms . i would prefer to be known for my ideas and my mind ... i'd have no problem participating in such a survey . but in the interest of academic integrity , if the content came from a source that was not you and wasn't properly cited ( nor was permission ... ints faighto ! i especially liked that line about the fi talking . anytime an intj disagrees , it's the fi , right ? 51.667 / 100 masculine 42.5 / 100 feminine 49.167 / 100 androgynous biologically female intj 1 . i have synesthesia ( mostly the grapheme / color one ) . 2 . i type primarily with my left hand alone . the other hand holds a coffee cup . i have 60 + wpm typing with my left hand on my full sized ... despite my undying obsession for mbti , i never use it to craft my characters . i do , however , type them after the fact . my main in probably my most significant story is istp , and it took me awhile ... if my feet ( and head ) aren't covered , i feel too vulnerable . can't sleep with too small a blanket to cover both parts , obviously . i'm definitely thinking that how caregivers responded in the formative years played a huge role--my parents tried to shame and embarrass me when i was struggling with my emotions ( mostly frustration , ... that is quite possible . i know that fi is by its nature a private function , whereas fe would have far less trouble being involved with group-emotion situations like audiences or unison activities . ... yeah , a part of me was thinking that being reserved with emotions is probably an introvert thing in general , but it's interesting to see how fs and ts relate to their emotions , or fi and fe users , ... absolutely . and i can't stand things that can't be ordered into neat little boxes in my mind . yeah , i always felt most awkward with my family . i think both my parents were ts . i know my dad is , and honestly i can't remember my mom ever exhibiting much in the way of f . when she died my dad and ... that's exactly what it's like for me . if i can conceptualize my feelings as thoughts or ideas i can discuss them just fine . it's the raw emotion i can't deal with . how do you relate to your emotions and feelings ? do you tend to regard them with a degree of embarrassment or do you just let them flow ? i've been reflecting on an element of my personality that ... this is hard to put into words . with ns , there is a tendency to phrase things as if it were a question , or an opening to a question . a statement is an invitation to ask questions , to discover , to ... now i'm curious about what they look like . that sounds interesting . there isn't a whole lot here that is screaming out ' n ' to me . maybe the subject matter of your fascination , but nts don't own physics , research , or enjoying the process of gaining knowledge , despite ... have you ever considered that this istj is so compelling , and so devastating , because he is the thing you cannot reach ? you mentioned your mother and her disdain and disapproval of you . do you ... i think people eat lettuce for two reasons . one , because they've always had it that way , and like lemmings they must continue to perpetuate consumption of this useless food item . and two , because ... uhh ... correlation does not imply causation . on that note , i do happen to have large blue eyes . it's not a flavor of the month , exactly , because i've been doing it for years but i started a crochet project and have been making a few things again . i took a knitting class two or three months ago ... i'm not disagreeing with your personal opinion ( which is your right to have ) . i'm just saying that being on the other end of that informs my answers to the above . i waited until marriage , and my ... 258490 sure you can have some te . just offer up your ideas , feelings , and opinions to be shattered by the tide of logic . what have you been incorrect about lately ? '