' when you discover this site : ccmr - ask a scientist ! and wish you could just take a week off and read through every single question and answer . sure , knowing why whales can stay underwater for ... yes . exactly . i don't enjoy being swayed so much by my emotions , especially because i'm an introvert and would rather just be on my own and learn things . i have a constant compulsion to make the ... when you wonder is everyone annoying , or am i just easily annoyed ? when , even if you think someone is a complete asshole , you wouldn't tell them because it might hurt their feelings ( and also because it would create a conflict ) . basically i'm just keeping my ... when you hate schedules . i want to eat when i'm hungry , work when i'm inspired , exercise when i feel like i need it , etc . i don't understand people who try to schedule their lives down to the last ... when you're so busy thinking about life and the mysteries of the world that you end up sitting in the wrong class because you forgot your timetable ... in the fourth week of school . this happened ... i feel like i'm always on the edge of depression and have to fight back against it constantly . i have to do things that make me happy and ignore things that don't , and as a result i'm pretty sure ... yep . i'm currently majoring in art and i love coming up with ideas , but when it comes to actually knuckling down and making the pieces , i suddenly have no energy left . i wish i could just have the ... when you see the world as being in a constant state of fluctuation and evolution , and you do your best to try to keep up with it . i'm fairly sure i'm either a 4w5 or a 5w4 , and to be honest i'd really rather not be a 4 . special snowflake or not , i don't like the idea of being at a high risk for suicide because of the brain ... i do tend to have an idea in my mind about the sort of guy i find attractive , and i favour a combination of physical characteristics and personality traits . if a guy is gorgeous but acts like a jerk , ... i think the stereotype that infps are fuzzy , loveable , innocent people who always put others before themselves can be explained only because we tend to appear very easygoing on the surface to avoid ... when you have an insatiable craving to learn new things , and dislike committing to any one subject . this is buggering me in university because i don't want to pick a major . i have a constant fight in ... this is basically my thought process . god forbid i ever need to get anything done . is there a job where you can just sit and think about things all day but not actually have to do anything ? ? when you take the words you wouldn't understand as a huge insult . it's complicated , you wouldn't understand . try me . oh yeah , i definitely think it's important to love yourself first , and to try not to be too easily influenced by what other people think of you . that's partly what i was trying to say with ... i made this recently and it seems relevant to this site . 46028 link in case that doesn't work for whatever reason : http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m90ttbAnWD1qmtpt7o1_r1_1280.png i like the idea of an enfj guy . i feel like he would be caring , and the shared n would be good for conversation and mutual understanding . i also feel like i should be looking for someone who is a bit ... i hated my appearance in high school and i'm still not thrilled with it , but at least i worry about it less often now . i would say i've had four big lessons about physical appearance in my life : ... i used to hate double entendres because the only time i heard them was at school when boys would yell that's what she said after anything anyone said and then high-five each other . it's like when a ... when your coping mechanisms are avoidance and humour . i went to a math and science camp when i was little . when i first discovered long division , i would do it for fun because it was like a new trick i had learned . then high school happened , and now i ... when you've set your heart on living in a specific place that you've never been to , and deep down you're terrified that you've built it up so much in your head that if / when you finally go there , it ... my proprioception is pretty terrible ... is that an n thing ? like if i lie on my stomach on my bed , close my eyes , and try to touch my foot , i'll have trouble finding it . i'm also terrible with ... when you have too many ideas and not enough time . when you want to shout at the world to just be quiet but even if it were physically possible to shout at the entire world at once , it would be too ... ( my dad used to do this ... he's definitely an n , possibly an intp ): you know you're an n when you read through personality tests and realise that you can see through every question and manipulate ... my mind is almost always wandering . my summer job is being a jeweller's assistant , and i have to focus really , really hard to make sure i put everything in the right place in the display , because i ... alright , this is the summary of what i think i know so far : extraverted functions want breadth , introverted ones want depth . extraverted ones want to gather as much information as possible , ... when you go through periods where you don't want to watch any movies or read books because you recognise every plot device and archetype and you get bogged down feeling like it's all been done ... i thought i had found my type and after this thread , i'm convinced =) i already posted some of these on the isfp art thread ( sorry guys ! ! ) but i figure i might as well post them here because hey , ... when you're perfectly happy to rotate the same 5 outfits , vaguely hoping no one will notice . when , if you played soccer ( or another team sport ) when you were young , you were terrible at actually ... you know you're an n when you want to know the backstory of every character in every show you're watching so that you can better understand their motives . speaking for myself , i get bored if i don't have something to think about ! i think most n's end up contemplating difficult things because we've gotten bored with contemplating simple things . or we ... when you really , really want loki to have a redemption arc in the new thor movie . ( putting my nerd cards on the table lol ) when you are constantly holding your tongue because you know that what ... when you have 7,455 unread messages in your deviantart account . true story . when you dread opening your email because you know it means you will have to reply to people . when you love to stay ... when your desktop is littered with dozens of half-finished projects ( in my case drawings ) that you keep meaning to finish . when you are trying to colour some lineart and it takes you hours because ... thanks for the link ! the idea that the spelling with the o is being used just because it looks nicer drives me crazy . i guess i'm bothered by the inconsistency ( i wish everyone could ... now this makes me think you're infp : i'm mega nostalgic and love thinking and talking about the past . that's very , very si . i couldn't figure out where to post this , so i'm starting it as a new thread ( although i have a sinking feeling that the answer will be something simple that i've overlooked , and that i will be ... doctorjuice could you give some concrete examples of use of the different functions ? how would two people , one using te and one using ti , approach the same problem or situation ? ( i'm having a lot ... when you wish you could just shut your brain off and be happy for a while instead of overthinking every little thing . tried my best =) you sound like an isfp to me as well ( but i don't think i'm really the best person to listen to as i've been trying to type myself for years without a solid conclusion , lol ) . the reason i think ... when you relate to calvin from calvin and hobbes frighteningly well , and have ever since you were a child . thanks so much , you've confirmed what i thought i had figured out =) isfps are more likely to be activists . infps are more likely to be philosophers . i am not an activist at ... sometimes i feel good about myself and sometimes i don't ... it varies often , from day to day and within each day . i'm sure i have a tendency toward self-deprecation , but most days i like ... haha , sorry , my mind is a bit of a tangled skein at the moment . i keep trying to leave this alone but then my brain goes back to picking at it unbidden . thanks for the help so far ! ! i ... i'm still not sure if i'm an infp , but i am at least 90 % sure that i am nf . so here goes the rant : i hate being an idealist type . i feel like we might as well be called the useless type . i ... this is exactly how i feel , and i hate it . =( i want to add that that in practice , i think it's a good idea for people to believe in whatever gives them comfort , as long as it isn't hurting them or anyone else , and as long as it isn't being ... '