' your attack is based upon limited information . i have more volunteer experience outside arcosanti than inside arcosanti . the majority of my work took place in other places - but then again you ... when we view different personality patterns in different people , they are time-contextual options within the space of parameters in which those highly nonlinear dynamical systems are operating ... thanks bekkajp - you're pretty cool . your own openness to my point of view allowed me to remember a time when i saw things differently . i sometimes feel tremendous respect for the everyday person , in ... it seems that maybe you have not read my pro-pessimism thread , rational depression . i am fully aware of the alarming figures and numbers you listed off in your original disparaging ... really happy to already have 54 thanks on this guys . it has been an intense but worthy discussion imo . well you have a lot right about me , . thank you for this reply . i wrote you a pm but i'm not sure if i actually managed to send it . i do know object-oriented programming in a major ... this is the long , hard , tedious question that plagues all of us who know about this part of ongoing design history . the long and short of it is that this project has been going on since the early ... thank you for your help hashing this out with me . i really wanted to write the original post because i know there must be others who have felt these things , and knowing you're not alone is quite ... both of you guys contributed so many thoughts to this discussion that i couldn't adequately respond without writing a treatise . i love that . but i will respond to your ideas of a better system : ... your reply was obviously heartfelt and i thank you graciously for writing what you did , and writing it authentically . you are certainly a beautiful person . that's exactly what it feels like to ... people say this , but a jobless recovery is a jobless recovery . i can't affect magic . i do my best but it's pretty meager pickings on an already picked-over wealth carcass . that said i appreciate the ... i'm not sure whether to hug you or smack you . i can't help but to try but it's like expecting an ant to pull a sailboat with the wind pushing the opposite direction . thank you . if you think i'm amazing , and it's true , then you're amazing for recognizing it . yay ! some of my work was so specific that i'd risk anonymity talking about it . it's important work , ... yes , we are indeed the emotional duct-tape which collectively gives just enough of a shit for humanity to sputter loudly into the next dimensional paradigm . the logarithmically increasing numbers of ... i sit at home looking at a world that does not really care . i've volunteered for thousands of hours doing things that helped people rise from economic distress and taught people new things about the ... i live in a 50 mile wide metro of many millions , so my apartment is my sanctuary away from the incomprehensibly busy , colorful , loud , beautiful and distracting city . my wife is an interior designer , ... what i mean is that the number of literate people with freely accessible anonymous ability to talk to virtually any type of group is pretty unprecedented in history . we could all ( well , many ) be da ... these are the types of comments i love seeing . quite brilliant guys . i agree that humanity is worth it and i will continue my own struggle for less ignorance and more peace in the world . i've been described by many people as an intense person , but i feel that given the state the world is in currently , we should reserve very little of what we really think . i mean what's the internet ... thanks shea . i have little formal education , but i do not care . truth does not make note of your post-nominal letters as far as i can tell . i don't know why so many people are erecting social norms for a social phenomenon as new as facebook - like , are you purveyors of ultimate social destiny or something ? the greatest freedom we have ... exploration of our diversity and our differences can be as rewarding as study of our similarities . one of the greatest ethical precepts of the ' developed ' world is not just mere acceptance or ... it's boring to me that there's this almost unanimous decision to keep your uniqueness tucked safely within so as not to disrupt the social order . why ? the social order benefits from diversity and ... there is nothing more sinister to my ethical path than hawking some outrageous crap to people i dont know in a high-pressure environment where my ability to eat and keep books dry is at stake . what i'm saying is that you could go participate in that very different culture ( or a number of others ) pretty much whenever you want to . exposing one's mind to new very different cultural realities ... your post makes me feel ... emotions ... :p roud : yeah , it's tough being the harbinger of a globally networked telepathic humanity . i'm writing a sci-fi novel about this concept . if you'd like to ... i think you need look no further than indigenous psychedelic groupmind culture to find an example of an entire functioning worldview that is so alien to yours as to be practically a real unreality ... i seriously doubt if it's as simple as bad wiring . seeing into another dimension ? what is a dimension anyway ? well : 1 . my family has long commented that my gait is unique or unusual . when i press them as to what exactly they mean , inevitably i get this kind of vague you do it with more intention . 2 ... yes , i have experienced atypical cognitive phenomena . it caused me to take up a ( probably lifelong ) research project into the human mind and brain sciences . i can tell you that after a decade of ... that's interesting . to me , the battle is always coming from the outside . i seem to have a pretty good relationship with myself . in times of identity crisis , i usually look to habitual reading . it ... i was only able to go to college for 5 weeks before i couldn't handle the lifestyle anymore . i seem to be an extreme person in a lot of ways though , i don't know why . just the fact that i'm ... well , i appreciate you taking the time and mental effort to hash this out with me . i wish i could better relate to your view of the world , and maybe you feel the same way about me . despite the odds ... that's actually exactly what i said . read the sentence again . the internet is natural . man is natural . the separation between man and nature is an illusion , at best a linguistic dichotomy ... i've actually listened to and read everything t . mckenna contributed ( took me three years of study ) . thanks for sharing that though . interestingly , mckenna would have probably agreed with my ... i agree with the spirit of what you're saying as i see all kinds of false categories being sold as truth to young people . that surely is no good , but shortcuts to enlightenment have been peddled at ... i see a lot of people dissing the mbti , but what about the fact that jung legitimized the ni mode of thinking even though it was never even represented before as more than a schizoid trait in ... yet another intj wow , you had so many misinterpretations of what i said there it's surprising . 1 . i never meant that overpopulation causes wars . i meant that we could achieve a much smaller human ... i can't say either way what tattoos mean to the people who get them . i've known extremely confident people who enjoy esoteric lives and body-wide tattoos . i've also known insecure teenage girls who ... what kind of job was that ? after about 20 minutes doing the typical interview him-haw , i was overcome by boredom and asked my interviewer ( the hr director , no less ) if they used mbti at her organization . she said , yes ! we all ... this is quite insightful . i'm impressed that without even knowing me , you could tell what i wrote felt hollow . it is pretty straightforward to theoretically lower the human population . if every woman on earth had only one child , in 40 years the global population would drop by about 50 % - no wars , eugenics , or ... not sure if trolling or just unaware that gmo's already make up about 90 % of u . s . soybeans , 80 % of our corn , and 60 % of our cotton , roughly speaking . it's already a very significant portion of what ... you're probably completely right . and ... well , incremental change probably isn't going to get us off the bad road fast enough in my honest opinion and the opinions of more than a couple legitimate ... there's a solution that would solve all these problems - building autonomous communities for everybody out of - mainly - locally sourced materials with earthships ( look it up ! ) and permaculture and ... you can identify very specific lifestyle activities that contribute to the destructive process . driving cars is the obvious example , and changing this paradigm would require infrastructural changes ... there are important distinctions between whining and commiserating , sharing , empathizing , and spreading awareness . i see many of these things incorrectly labeled whining when in fact they are crucial ... haha . i'm glad you enjoy this type of banter . do you agree that rational depression is legitimate given the situation ? or should we say screw the odds and fight the impossible fight ? i think that point of view is certainly more helpful and progressive than pessimism . that said , we need a lot more than a change of mind to get the ship back on track . we need a change of mind , a new ... '