' have you given thought to the possibility of isfp ? you sound to me more like a se perceiver over ni or ne . there is a certain competitive nature in your writing , this is somewhat typical of sps ... reading the way you've written here , i have a strong feeling you're intj . this is a te / fi communication style , i noticed you described your logical side here by using personality traits rooted ... as much as i'd love to surf against the grain here , even as a stereotypically tougher sp , i am so damn overly sensitive it's ridiculous . my parents love to tell me the stories : and i remember them , ... let me tell you , i loathe confrontation . i'd have to be really determined to instigate a confrontation in which i slammed the door unless i absolutely ( concrete evidence ) knew . he is insecure to a ... i'm sorry about your situation . as an isfp i've been in situations where the only obstacles in a deeper , more trusting relationship with my friends and family were my own insecurities . this is ... ultimately it will be his decision to change and not yours , so unless he decides to take leaps of faith with you , there is nothing you can do . could it be that his self-judgment spikes even more when ... i think so much about creative projects i have ideas for , and how delighted i'd be ( and almost neeed ) to see them realized . i mope on about the sheer amount of time they'd take , and how in the near ... mystic theurge 22 % combativeness , 27 % sneakiness , 65 % intellect , 53 % spirituality ... is this the famous infj ' doorslam ' i hear lore of from over the mountains ? hate to be the outlier here but i don't mind it at all , actually . every little bit of information i get from someone else , ( whether it enlightening or asinine ) puts other things into perspective ... i can relate . oftentimes i overhear my co-workers snickering about at my unorthodox style of dealing with customers . i think moreso than ne , it's a fi-dom thing , which not only pushes us to want ... can confirm , i hate the idea of typing people and i hate mbti . why am i even here damn ... my condolences , i am here for you . not feeling is antifun . - when you catch yourself ruminating on a conversation earlier with someone you care about , wondering if you've said the right things and considering alternate responses . - when you can listen to ... maybe it comes from vulnerability ? fi-dom presents an immediate modicum of respect and kindness . the infps i know are consistent in that they treat every new person just as respectfully as they ... no , but i bet it's sooo hot ugh fuuuck why am i sitting at this fucking computer screen on a saturday night ! ? i could be drunkenly making out with strangers ! shiva , god of destruction and transformation . i liek dis . one of shiva's forms involves a fiery destruction dance which burns the ignorance so that we can take in new knowledge . totally ... not an nf , but with that said , i can sometimes be very manipulative without realizing its harmful consequences . it's very easy for me to slip into a victim / martyr role and sometimes i don't realize ... holding your type as a source of pride is completely silly , this would be akin to pridefully boasting where you were conceived , but at least your hometown consists of tangible , concrete information ... entj , duh how about arumin from attack on titan ? http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130604183619/shingekinokyojin/images/a/a2/Armin.png ... too fe ? tell me what you're thinking ... ? despite my auxiliary se , i can be easily overwhelmed by situations where i need to find a specific place , especially as i'm operating a 2500lb . death machine . i like to know what i'm doing and ... let's sit down and talk about this okay hello finesites . let's assume dom-tertiary loops are a thing . how does the fi-si loop manifest itself ? i hear many of accounts of being scarred by an emotional experience . i've always had the ... hugs . i want to but i'm not gonna ask for it wait what you're spreading your arms towards me ? awyeahhh the warmth feels goood flying through the airrr friendship landdd what is this feeling ... i've always thought i had an easy time forgiving people . but recently i've found that i tend to forgive people only on a superficial level . there's a certain bias that remains that from then on ... hello , fine-sites . i'm learning japanese . today we learned a phrase that twists me up a little inside when i think about it . しかたがない 。 this translates roughly to it cannot be helped . i'm of ... mystery deity , if you exist in any form , please give me the strength to finish what i sta i lie more than i'd like , sometimes without even thinking about it ; usually in situations where my own affairs will go more smoothly if i withhold certain bits of information from others . i sometimes ... isfp your score was 60 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli ... older brother : intj me : isfp younger brother : esfp mom : esfj dad : istp i've been wondering about this , too . i've never been one to make positive or negative judgments based on appearance , but looks do position me to certain biases about a person , i think . as someone ... isfp psychology / music composition my weak-ass tertiary ni shows itself to me most prevalently when i'm listening to / playing music . when i was a kid learning piano , i'd often not want to play older classical works ( think bach , mozart ) ... starting to think i'm isfp regardless , driving's been a source of feelings of inadequacy for me ; everyone around me aced it and drive naturally . i had to take the test three times , and i still ... seems to me he wants something more , couldn't really find the composure to tell you , and is taking what he can get with this situation in hopes that you'll find him to be a long-term-worthy guy . ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entj - while i have sometimes have a tough time with them , their ... 33/36 i must admit some did not seem to fit any of the choices and i had to go with simply the inaccurate best fit te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 25 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 20 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... what if flies aren't as annoying as we think , and they're actually trying to get our attention so they can spell ancient secrets out to us with their roundabout flight patterns ? scarrdragon ... i think of estp i've met five intjs in my life , three of which have set my heart ablaze ~ well-versed in areas in which i'm not ( and vice versa ) , that aloof warm teddybear feel ... yeah i like these guys . close ... mother and father : esfj and istj older brother : intj me : infp younger brother : exfp i'm an infp but i enjoy playing really intense virtuosic ( overly complicated ) music and i do not mind performing it . to me this reeks of se , which is supposed to be the infp polr . i certainly have a ... i secretly empathize with unpracticed pedophiles . to not only harbor a taboo sexual preference but also live with the knowledge that acting on it is dangerous ( and terrible for the other party ) ... lots of people have non-stereotypical interests , doesn't define you . i secretly enjoy dancing : 3 why ? intps and intjs are both awesome , the secret's out . we're discussing typology on an internet forum . of course there are a ton of inxxs . a ringing phone to me almost feels like an ambush . enjoying your solitude ? stop what you're doing right now and pick me up , an unknown ( potentially unpleasant ) conversation awaits ! '