the question is are you as open to the idea that you are wrong ? i find that most of the time people who complain a lot about how narrowminded people are , are in fact the narrowminded ones . as to not ... no , not really visual abstract yes stare at them and say nothing until it gets awkward for them and they leave an intuitive is going to read between the lines a lot more in a sense that is a good and a bad thing . either they see too many possibilites or are unsure of weather or not they are being honest with themselves ... as being objectively honest with yourself is extremely difficult or some would say ... i hate everything ... so happiness from my own experiences the intp and the intj compliment each other , almost like a giant unseen battle of the minds : laughing : and while most of the time it is enjoyable for both sides and we might ... define lazy .. if you want me to get a homework assignment done that would require 10 minutes hell no im out of there .. oh want to play chess for the next 3 hours ? game on . a lot of people on here say ... funny enough its most of what encompasses an intj most of the time i am a completely neutral individual to pretty much everything going on around me .. the key word being most we wont talk about what happens during the other times . we are there .. watching .. from the shadows ... under the stairs .. one could say we stand alone against the darkness .. except that probably isnt true at all because we embrace the darkness ill get a random obsession for a couple of months , literally can be anything and i have no control over it ... right now its dragon age .. the lore man the lore , and after a couple of months ill move on ... i think you need to accept the fact that your going to need to do something to earn money , like truly accept it not just say in the back of your mind that its true ... and as is the norm of what people ... i find the education system to be extremely discouraging , limiting and horridly inefficient as an american right now , i am not completely sure how it is elsewhere in the world ( did live and go to ... ive been trying to find my own type for quite some time but i've found using methods such as relatability to characters to not be entirely realible as my mood and thoughts at the time could be ... true it is a movie though it would be hard to make a protaganist who loses interest like that when that topic is the focus of the story , as to the last point i do agree with that if you've ever ... i wouldn't discount that so quickly , i've seen that inferior fe in people work wonders so to speak xd intp's specifically can grow to care about a specific topic ( if it is the case in this than that ... dragon age : origins ( inquisition is pretty good too ) and europa universalis 4 .. nothing else matters others : most srategy games notable ones being galactic civilizations , wargame , xcom , endless ... europa universalis 4 is saying you are an objective person a subjective statement ? ill desrcibe ti by saying but what is ti ? what are these clothes you speak of hiccup from how to train your dragon i bet you didnt see that one coming based on my picture . this can of lemonade infront of me whom i believe to be an intj is plotting against me i can feel it ... looked outside once ahem , having prepared a long speech for this question i am more than prepared to anwser so lets begin . do i actually consider myself to be weird ? yes . thank you all for coming its been nice . estp however i do see some good points in this pointing back towards intp ... hes like a mix : confused : how to train your dragon : hiccup [ intp ] ... | funky mbti fiction so many choices : confused : 1 . hiccup ( toothless is also awesome ) from how to train your dragon 2 . elsa from you can probably guess it by now 3 . captain jean-luc picard from star trek : next ... the world is a nightmare why can't i get this movie out of my head ? yeah ... i've become obsessed with this movie : laughing : and as for the typings , after reading all of this for hiccup i can say i'm jumping aboard the xnfp train he displays aspects of both an enfp and ... when you watch a movie and relate so strongly to a character and as a result obsess over said movie in your head for weeks on end , also reality stinks infp i wouldnt exactly peg him as dumb to be fair what would you say he is then ? im pretty sure hiccup from how to train your dragon is an intp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2minXF6G5z4 i'd say think for yourself by : robert p . crawford had a hard time getting interesting in anything at school so never put much effort in and was always bored . teachers knew i was smart and my parent ’ s definitely tried to get me to put more effort in ... hiccup is an infj ? i've seen him typed as intp , infp and even enfp but not infj . alright so i guess infj it is , thanks for responding guys :p roud : 161033 1610 41 160985 1610 25 isfj : these rules suck ! ! ! * goes along with the rules * estp : watch me break the rules ! ! ! i know people who are both of these types and these two couldnt be anymore accurate : laughing : i'm having a hard time determining whether i use ni or ne , read all the descriptions and know a lot about each but still can ’ t decide between them mostly because i've spent an enormous amount of time ... i'm clearly introverted and my mother tried to fix that for a time but over time she eventually just gave in an accepted it ... she trys to encourage it a bit still but we dont have arguements over it ... anyone got a guess on mine ? i've got a strong feeling that you're an ixfp , maybe isfj but i dont see a lot of things pointing towards that final letter j you seem to definetely be a p instead however i do agree in seeing a bit ...