' thank you for all of this advice c : i definitely think i'll have to leave him . i guess i just need to grow a backbone now and do it and put my foot down . it's not easy for me because i feel guilty ... i mean yes i'm sure i have other standards too but those are my three main ones i can't deal with not having sent from my samsung-sgh-i 337 using tapatalk like ... idk if i'm really difficult to please or something my only expectations in a relationship are : - don't bully my friends - don't self medicate / self harm - communicate with me sent from ... he cries and begs me not to leave him . he promises things will get better and then i end up feeling like i'm a bad person being too idealistic about him so i agree to another chance cuz i worry i'm ... i will try to keep this as unbiased as possible , but keep in mind i have a biased perspective . my boyfriend is an infj . just throwing that out there . both of us are 18 . well , over the past ... familtype ? what's that ? - shayde i've gotten more resigned i guess and the test is starting to lean me towards intp but the cognitive functions are still fi ne si te think of it this way mbti tells you i think your ... fi isn't an outwardly warm trait like fe . and it isn't necessarily all my feelings > ~ < either . fi has a lot to do with morals and principles . if you have an extremely strong moral compass odds are ... patrick - shayde and what if i ate the peel ? xd - shayde he's had a really bad past , from what he says . lots of abuse , though he's safer now . his family stresses him out . from what i can see his parents are unhealthy too . they never really cut him any ... lol well honestly i probably gave him a really accidental condescending look cuz in my mind he's a flippin ' dumbass lmao one day he was meowing at my friend and then i sarcastically and loudly ... you know your an infp when you decide to make an experiment based on your theory on how to make the people around you happier and less stressed i have a paper stating my hypothesis and everything ... i care to a degree . i'll put effort into making others like me , though i also won't cry over it if they don't . if a person i like doesn't like me back , i'll get concerned , and wish for explanation , ... sex o . o - shayde last time i kinda just dumped a friend was actually cuz she was manipulative and nuts . she kinda scares me i'm unsure if she has a sense of guilt . im diplomatic , and try to pour water on fires . she ... i'm doing an experiment to see if my theory works . the infj i know has the strong tendency to isolate himself from others so he can sulk and hate himself without anyone knowing . in response to ... he's already in therapy lol honestly i'm just trying to understand his personality ( infj ) so that maybe i can pinpoint his issue and very quietly nudge him in a more healthy direction . it so far ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20161213/010bfd22bfe432b18463d8e828a87a3a.jpg this explains why i get along so amazingly with like every intp i ever try talking to it also explains why i don't ... i never got into harry potter lmao but i love fantasy stuff - shayde okay guys . i notice i myself do this often . i struggle to really figure things out without writing it down or talking to someone else about it . i always need to bounce things off of an external thing ... air - shayde calm , relieved , and loved : 3 - shayde i don't usually judge unless a person is being blatantly stupid . like doing drugs , alcohol , smoking , cutting , and self destructive things of that nature . but ... if they are being blatantly ... i think i'm a 469 those are definitely my top three idk the exact order tho - shayde when i'm super stressed i can barely function as a normal human being , let alone be creative xddd like when im stressed o can only think about stressful things , so all my creativity kinda escapes me ... rick - shayde can my future funeral goers all mosh while wearing fruit hats ? did kepler actually poison tycho to get all the data ? why do people get so upset over things that don't affect them ? why do ... i'm attracted to people who need goodness in their lives . i don't think i'm attracted to monsters at all . like i'd tell a serial killer to burn in hell , but someone who was abused as a kid ? that's ... i'm thinking about how la dispute is a good band i'm thinking about how i was restless tonight i'm thinking about how i should be doing homework right now and i'm calculating how low my grade ... i'm more quick to sadness , but once i'm sad enough i just snap and then there's hell to raise one day i was so stressed and sad about a few friends that i just kinda cracked . i was gripping the ... i don't care about who sleeps with who , but there's only one person i truly want . i've slept with that person , and one other . well . i didn't sleep with the other person ... i had a threesome with my ... one day my dad asked me how my grades were . i was already in a bad mood but this amplified everything and i started screaming and wailing at him to please leave me alone because i can't deal with ... a lot of solid points were given here . i'd try to answer you all but i don't think i can . i had to mentally prepare myself to even reopen this and i started crying once i did . i do need to work ... if someone bought me a fluffy beanie i'd probably be super happy and want to go and gush my appreciation for them but then i'd feel awkward and nonchalantly wait for them to contact me first . then ... i lost a friend a year ago or so , and i still have a hard time letting go . i dream about her sometimes and wake up feeling like shit . i can fully recognize the wounds from losing her have not come ... i have been called intimidating on many occasions . apparently i'm terrifying xd even though i myself am clumsy , i joke at my own expense , i act eccentric , and i'm in effect , just a big cry baby . i am ... i want to get through this last year of highschool , so that i can start over in college . i want to get my degree , get my desired job , and i want to be able to support the family that i make . i want ... i'm not sure how to just quote part of your post , but in regards to cuddles , i had no desire for most any physical contact . until i developed stronger feelings for my boyfriend that is . honestly i ... lol i have been mentioned so i have appeared and my first impression of the damned deputy was a curious intp that was studying us infps xddd now who's got an impression of me by now ? * playful * ... i want to be a web developer when i'm older . i love to learn , i have strong communication skills , i'm patient , and i'm perfectionistic . i already have writing simple programs with javascript and ... i want to be a web developer when i'm older . i love to learn , i have strong communication skills , i'm patient , and i'm perfectionistic . i already have writing simple programs with javascript and ... shadywolf my boyfriend is an infj - shayde my mom is infp and my dad is istj im an infp myself and i get along great with my dad so first off don't worry too much about any type differences . my mom says when she first met my dad she ... nerfing something is literally a term for making it weaker and pretty much useless . the day nerf guns get banned is the day i start trying to drown myself with water guns xddd - shayde ( i feel like as soon as the esfps showed up on this thread it got so much more vicious , like damn o . o ) and oh my gosh my extraverted cousin , enfp ! xddd would you like to borrow my teddy bear or ... oh my gosh you're an intp ( just checked your profile ) my best friend is an intp ! ! ! xddd she also writes ;D and i ain't going anywhere cuz i love attention far too much ( like legit your welcome to ... lol good to know :) another part that may interest you is that i can also write from the male perspective . i'm a girl , so certain things may come across as off , and it took me quite awhile to get ... lol thank you xd i don't usually describe this side of me so openly cuz i'm terrified people will call me a lunatic . lol this is the first day in a long time i've tried opening up more about my ... '