' why i was supposedly removed from the forum . even baby me was constantly lost in thought , i was four ... ( do you think i'd post a recent picture ? ! ) http://i1157.photobucket.com/albums/p586/Sherlockk_Holmes/taylorinyellow010_zpscc9883d2.png typically , i just wing it . friend zoned just stop there . there's no such thing , just because a girl isn't into you doesn't mean you've been friend zoned . it might just mean she doesn't feel the same way at the ... some of these are pretty random omfg . http://i1157.photobucket.com/albums/p586/Sherlockk_Holmes/laughingmen_zps1a968d96.gif ... intp cumberlord i post / reblog graphics , mostly dedicated to sherlock holmes and bbc's sherlock although i post other things as well . i do a bit of graphic art and traditional art so i guess this is how it's done ... ( i'm also quite into bbc's sherlock ) 50753 50754 50755 50756 i really do enjoy both work by poe and shakespeare , they're really quite different in the sense that shakespeare's work is made for the stage , and poe's isn't . i really enjoy the darkness in eap's ... the hungarian suicide song of course , this is my favorite version . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzWVWY5QUzg&feature=my_liked_videos&list=L lw5vo2c - wstzeldxptewlkg moonrise kingdom as of late .. 1 . dr . dog 2 . modest mouse 3 . neutral milk hotel 4 . the beatles 5 . yes 6 . csn ( sometimes y ) 7 . dave matthews band 8 . david bowie some of my best friends are infj's , or self proclaimed infj's . i feel i can really connect with them , in certain ways and i feel as if they really understand where i'm coming from , and my values and ... sometimes i feel the same way , or i'm just not likable enough to attract other people . i honestly can't even see myself in a relationship sometimes , i just don't see myself being a loving person ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZT5Hy-i7C8&feature=related i do as well , but i've taken it before and found the more feminine faces attractive .. i'm also menstruating right now , and some say women find masculine looking men more attractive when their ... i found this test on the bbc website ( here ) you can post your results when you're finished , if you'd like . your personal brain score : ... i agree , i've never been one to fawn over someone just for their good looks , they have to have a good head on their shoulders and a personality to pique my interest . but then i'm not usually ... i'm a walking contradiction , i know . but i still wouldn't consider myself to be bisexual . i'd like any kind of soup or warm beverage .. preferably tea . i don't consider myself straight , or gay , or even bi . but in a way i really wish i could , just to make it easier when people ask me what's your orientation ? or what's your type ? because i really ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoYyvcDIpdc infj's are just all around amazing people . i get along with them well , and regard the type highly . this is why everything sucks . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKUZ42T9diU&list=FLw5VO2c-wSTZeLDXptEWlKg&index=50&feature=plpp_video i've built walls a fortress steep and mighty that none may penetrate i have no need of friendship friendship causes pain it's laughter and it's loving i disdain i am a rock , i am an island a room with a door , someone to remove my ovaries , and as always , to be left the fuck alone . does all men's shit stink ? i think i searched this because my dad just took a nasty shit in the bathroom , and it's right next to the kitchen , and instead of getting a nice taste of eggs , i smelt ... lemons are pink to me , it doesn't matter that they're actually yellow , yellow things are pink in my mind . i'm not sure if that makes any sense . i have around 6-12 density and a 6 flicker rate .. i think , it's so hard to tell . but i have static in my ears constantly , as well . i actually get visual snow all the time , sometimes i can make shapes and patterns from it , and it's quite scary at night . but only if i really focus on it . when you begin to ask someone a question and say never mind because you've already worked it out in your own head , and they get mad at you . bloody hell . i find it hard to express sometimes , especially with my parents .. when i was little , and i would give my mother hugs she'd tell me don't hang on me like that . so i've not given someone a hug in a ... my mother : all you do is what you want to do . after telling her i went for a long hike and took some pictures of the lake by my house from a mountain side . some people don't have time for ... for me , i feel this quote about sums it up .. being with friends makes me feel alive . ix92ve done some crazy stuff in my time , and yet i can feel infinitely alive curled up on a sofa reading a book ... i've got a tumblr , i make graphics , mostly focused around bbc's sherlock , some doctor who , and other stuff i like . cumberlord if anyone cares to stop in . i'm not fond of certain parts of my body .. i'd like a smaller nose , i'd like to lose a few pounds ( working on that one ) .. and i have considered rhinoplasty , just because my nose is just a bit too out ... i've watched ouran , death note and fma : brotherhood . i love brotherhood . 5022550226 5022750228 50229 basically english men who have no idea i exist . benedict cumberbatch , john lennon , john simm , martin freeman , and dylan moran . i won't have a funeral , i don't think . i never liked funerals , and so i don't want to have to put people through that crap but if i were to have some sort of gathering it would be the anthology ... my hair is an unruly mess , so tending to it can be time wasting , right now i have it up in a bun , sometimes i don't dry it , and wear it naturally curly / wavy , and when i'm really trying to impress i ... i chose dark but now that i think about most of the people i find attractive , they range from dirty blond to auburn to black hair , and i find them all attractive . so for me , it's not so much the hair ... i rarely ask for help , it makes me feel like an incompetent annoyance , and i'd rather just figure things out on my own . when i wrecked my car , demolished it actually , i guess everyone was expecting me to cry . so the paramedics were being gentle with me , and they kept saying everything would be alright , and i was just ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhbzoltxZms i've been in a dave matthews mood . i'm out of school but .. school was an annoyance . it was an annoyance to get up every morning at 5 am , it was an annoyance to have to be around that many other awkward teenagers so early in the ... people who don't know how do do things and blame you for not helping them . i'm sorry but i just can't deal with that , especially when my mother uses the internet and opens internet explorer . i hate the sound of people chewing and walking or even breathing , sometimes . though that might be something else altogether . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMjoUWAxEZU&feature=related i didn't choose my sex . for christ's sake . but as for being a female intp , the only thing that sucks is when people expect the stereotypical female and get me instead . most of it is apparent in ... when your mother asks you to go on a walk with her , and you say no , only to go on a separate one by yourself . how does my mother expect me to clean when internet ? '