' i wish i were french but alas i am a kenyan-born american . and i'm not sure if they are popular here ; i took an introductory existentialism class my first semester in college and i've loved both of ... i've met one infj male in my short life and i know quite a few infj females . i tend to think that infjs and entps aren't that well suited ( at least when young / immature ) . at first lust , i tend to be ... not really . they often require a little bit too much sensory focus for me to find them enjoyable depending on the task , i make a game of it . crap that has to get done , like homework worth lots of points or projects , becomes the how , in the least amount of time possible , can i make this the most ... i think relationship compatibilty has more to do with character development than just cognitive connection . mature infjs are awesome while immature ones are annoying to say the least . i'd much rather ... i am inclined to agree . however , i think that this is a very ti-centric view to winning and i am curious as to the pov of the other functions . ti is infamous for viewing anything it does as a ... depends . if i care about my opponent's opinon and they start infering that the outcome of said battle is reflective of my intelligence then i care a whole bunch . if not then whatever . i'll use the ... this seems more like a difference between ti and fe to me . depends on your os . the one from netbeans is pretty good ( https://netbeans.org/features/cpp/index.html ) for both windows and mac but the app store's xcode is pretty good too . my relationship with food is weird . eating vacillates between being a general nuisance and one of the best parts of human existence . when i'm into something i can go a couple of days without ... while taking a customer's order : please speak up . i can't hear you because i'm old and you have a low , sexy voice . this reminded me ! ! does anyone know the melting point of human skin ? a history teacher once mentioned it was possible and i've wanted to know if it was true ever since . christian o yes ! i either flail & act like a complete idiot or , in an attempt to not look like a fool , i go uber stoic & cold . and at night when i'm alone in my room i overanalyze all my interactions with said ... interesting thought and , per my observations , i agree with it . though i will add that when my intp friend goes on her miles-a-minute-monologues , she is with close friends and i get the sense that ... violin ( 3 years with private instructor ; 4 years , and now , teaching myself ) and singing . les champs-élysées by walk off the earth http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56L5ppNRyEs all of santa's reindeer are female . learning , discussing , and whatever i'm interested in at the moment . whatever's served at my university cafeteria . my food philosophy : if it's good i'll eat it . not regularly . but i ... good point . i'm pretty sure i have other reasons that i think he's an enfp but it matters little because now i'm going to pour over his videos and try to find poof of my assertion . enfp . he's much more open than i think an entp would be for a public video . i only go into such strictly ne modes around close friends while my enfp friends don't really care . i like my enfj people well enough - - i only know two . we do have a decent logical connection ; it's fun to theorize about junk . my only grievance is their tendency to stick to their argument ... atlanta dorm car and / or bus i already exist 1 ) christian 2 ) live in atlanta but i'm african by birth i concur . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZO9tMetxno i will do this one day . i must . i've never been in love with someone but i do love my family and close friends and i've had numerous crushes so i'm going to use those as my points of reference . i consider it a no brainer , if i ... my favorites tend to be cream-based , savory dishes . and pretty much anything with mushrooms and / or mozzarella cheese . but , as a general rule , i'll eat whatever tastes good . i let our interactions stimulate my ne ... just like i do with other nts . i consider myself to be more of a mischievous genius and recounting the multiple tales would take a while but it usually entails messing with people and reveling in the looks of confusion , shock , ... i don't know but you have ne as well so you should be able to answer this to some degree . articles - extraverted intuition correction . it's organized chaos and it only seems chaotic . ne is ... we find our western hero after a strange and far-fetched twist of events resulted in woody's mind reverting to that of a four-year-old's , the logic of which is a little hazy seeing as he is a toy and ... that sounds awesome ! i'm going to be a college freshmen in 12 days . i am actually looking forward to college , sure the work is probably going to be harder , but i get to doing my own thing for the ... i don't think so - - but that depends on the definition of sub-denomination . the church i go to is officially a part of a group of churches called the international churches of christ , my knowledge of ... [ / font ] suppress was a less-than-adequate word ; i apologize . and becoming more j is what i mean by suppressing - - for lack of a better term - - your ne because it's the si function that is being ... me . i guess my church is considered non-denominational , but we're a branch of the church of christ - - the only difference being we include music in our worship service . i read in an myers-briggs a couple weeks ago that ne-dominant types are the most introverted of extroverts because they are forced to suppress their ne in lieu of their sensing functions because , in ... i'd say entx . what about him makes you think he's a j ? # 4 actually sounds like a decent idea i'm reading the monstrumologist by rick yancey . the main subject of the story is a lonely , unbelievably wealthy , unbalanced , brilliant entp . it's a good story . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAHuN5RqoDk&list=ELD5QVPD5x7gg&index=4&feature=plpp_video welcomes you is : happy : stop taking the tests then . once you have determined your type there really is no need for you to continue testing ... unless you just enjoy them ... anyway , as gingertonic pointed out , the ... hahahaahaha . i see what you did there myname ! ! haahahaahah all the time . i have gotten into shouting matches with the people i talk to . i found out recently that i actually do it in public as well and that when i do i look like a real nutcase . i just graduated high school and i am proud to say i did actually enjoy it . no . i got way too much satisfaction from knowing i had a better gpa than some . but i wasn't an overachiever , that's ... 1 . ) this really depends on how many of my family members knew that i spent the money on other things , if only i knew then i would most likely pull a turmauge . if several of my family members knew , ... i can relate . as for my intj ( what a weird phrase . it sounds like she's a pet or something ) , i don't know if she does it on purpose ( i doubt she does ) but she will often just zone out while i'm ... yes ! ! ! my intj friend does this a lot . it can be extremely tiring , but i find that when i explain my examples step by step then she concedes - - although it is tiring to have to explain something ... i really like infjs . it kind of freaks me out . i don't even know what else to write . there's a lot i could say . i might come back and add more when my ti has decided on exactly what it is i like ... '