' do we really need men anymore ? i mean , we've got freezers and dildo's . isn't that enough ? ^ see edit ^ fi adopts values which it agrees with . it doesn't adopt values which it doesn't agree with or doesn't see the reasons for . it's difficult to define functions by behaviour in a particular ... https://i.imgur.com/JoH9uH1.gif i would say isfp , with istp as a 2nd possibility . as long as it doesn't negatively affect me or those close to me , i couldn't care less . i guess it would have to be do what you want and ... : laughing : i was abducted by extroverts . i escaped . of course it's wellsy . check out the mount of venus . second only to casanova . why did you let them out the cupboard ? predictive text switches ' mouth ' for ' mother ' . it was definitely the wrong context to have the word mother thrown in . : shocked : you want me to put what in your mother ? you will learn not to give smart answers back ! ! i bet you're getting a fat chubbly-wobbly ass now . mine are different colours and i shouldn't be trusted . : hugs : any posts which made me lol . chesire's , wellsy's , idontthinkso's , hombre's , daleks , apa's , mango's , fluffy's , fandango's , fourteen's , ace face's , yoda's , time will tell's , mimesis ' , ... : love-struck : : love-struck : : love-struck : : loveyou : because she's hot and i luvs her . my step dad did that once , knocked her out . : laughing : i took the piss for months . he felt terrible . don't consistently press hard . keep switching pressure very slightly . break away from their lips often , 1 ) to breathe and 2 ) to prevent their lips becoming accustomed to the touch . don't open ... no way . : kitteh : ok . i thought you meant your chest for a minute . : shocked : f meeps m cheveyo and cuck him with meeps babies : laughing : k the invisible magician who i've never seen . fmk idontthinkso , tropes , benty : laughing : : tongue : sounds good to me . wait , shave what ? how old are you ? because she's a lady . it was the only way to get her into bed . i'm going to be a cougar . who's 20 ? f kalie k the others . who the fuck are they anyway ? fmk . talon , knife , hombre don't kick kittens . it's naughty . jelly bottom wobblicious lol . your right . im'e all tongue-tied . : hearteyes : : hearteyes : : hearteyes : : hearteyes : : hearteyes : : laughing : who ? our tina ? she's a very important person . perv perv perv wtf ? you're judgement is impaired because you love me . : shocked : stop looking then . you're one of those ugly-porn fans , aren't you ? dying what ? your bird's not real . i've seen that eye peeping through my letterbox before . you're such a perv . i might have been nekid . baby pigeons suck tit i thought we were talking about exes because you said you'd never done one . i lured them with pussy . works every time :p roud : i said don't look at me ! ! : angry : why are you such a defiant asshole ? i have real men tied up in my closet . did you think a rectum would be ? no star for biology , then . yeah , just because he smells , doesn't mean he's not clean . stroke me . that's just a waste , then . you should give your bfc to someone who appreciates it : tongue : do you stroke everything that you can reach ? probs cuz you take pity on your penis too . i will try my hardest . '