' laughed so hard . ( he is kidding , folks ! i hope . ) for despotic nepotist i can agree with entp , but i also get a bit of entj . 1 . i tend to be agreeable with people i'm not close to . if i start a debate with you , it means i respect you and we've ... what's everybody drinking tonight ? a friend recently made me this concoction from cinnamon whiskey and cream soda . it tastes like a cinnamon bun . this took forever to type . i watched this movie about three weeks ago , and it has been absolutely haunting me ( in a good way ) . frank ( 2014 ) it's probably best if you go in without watching a trailer or knowing what it's ... going by the definitions you provided .. for me , se plays an important role in managing stress . it isn't always particularly effective or desirable for stress management , but it does kick into gear ... it's been almost a year ... but i'm back . and oh , how i've missed you all ! i am so fucking scared and i can't do anything about it . i need to talk to someone but i refuse . they might turn my fear into a weapon . i don't want to wage war ; i only want to feel safe . i ... one of my professors this semester is a big name in the community , department chair on campus , etc . he teaches quite a few of the courses in my program , but this is the only time i've been in his ... how does one forgive themselves for the mistakes they've made when they also understand why they made those mistakes ? is that part of forgiving ? understanding why it happened ? but i don't ... how am i supposed to give details without seeming all deep and mysterious ? i'm kidding , but to tell the whole story would be cumbersome and boring to anyone reading . the short version is : work ... ugh . i was really hoping to be wrong . i'm so tired of fucking everything up . i drive myself insane , deciding that this will happen and then collapsing when this happens instead . in the ... the freedom to do whatever i want has exposed the lazy , incompetent mess i am . i moved into my new apartment a month ago .. there are still boxes everywhere and i haven't taken care of a million ... after eight years , a broken engagement , and a nasty breakup with an intp ... i met someone . i never thought i would . at the very least , i figured i'd spend years alone before wanting another ... chronic bitchface at disney . goes great with the ears .. http://i57.tinypic.com/9r0dqs.jpg i hate having roommates . it doesn't matter how cool they are . the terrible ones are worse , but even the excellent ones are bad . i don't even want to walk around my house . a month ago , my fiance ... i hate when people ask me to be confrontational . like , just let us know if we're being too loud ! um , no . i'm never going to do that . instead , i'll seethe in my room and curse you for ... yep , most of it has already been said ! in short : i love roller coasters and theme parks . i spend too much money on pretty things . and i drink . it just takes time . there is nothing wrong with opening up slowly . allow people to earn your trust as you get to know them , and don't think twice about keeping some things private until you ... i honestly thought that two people , both working 40 + hours a week , would be able to afford a small apartment . pay the bills , shop for groceries . go out to dinner every once in a while . live ... i've realized that my tendency to plan and direct everything goes over a lot better when i don't actually announce that i'm doing it . for example , i'm currently planning a trip to disney . my so ... i just found out my supervisor at work was transferred to another school . clerks don't work during summer , so i won't see him again . when i said goodbye for summer , i didn't think it was forever . ... that's pretty much exactly what happened with me . the typical infp description wasn't too far off . sometimes the test would give me intp or infj , and all my scores were always 50/50 for t / f and ... i have two . a serious business shit list , with only a few people on it at any given time . they're people i am absolutely not speaking to . the real shit list . then there's a really big list of ... i just want to fix it . not even for my own comfort , really , but everyday conflict can honestly be so silly and there's no need for the whole environment to become tense / hostile over petty things . i ... infj - high tolerance for pain , but otherwise pretty sensitive physically . being tickled is torture , and little things like mosquito bites drive me crazy with the itching and burning . i do get a ... the short answer is yes . i only know two confirmed infj's but i felt strong connections to both of them long before i knew anything about myers briggs . possible confirmation bias , i know . the ... do everything without bitching . i saw it as a bit of graffiti once . i think there is a popular image on the internet of the same message , but the one i saw was on my own college campus . it ... although i can't speak much to any relation between the infj personality type and bipolar disorder , this is something important i've learned : personality does not equal behavior in mbti . your ... i have been diagnosed with adult add . i'm not sure if i agree with it , but i'm not particularly opposed to the idea . interestingly , i've also been diagnosed with ocd , with emphasis on obsession . ... i am extremely picky . i actually have these sort of categories in my head of people that are cute or even attractive but they are not quite potential mates . part of this is because i am in a ... it's really frustrating that i often embarrass myself in attempt to be articulate or professional . nothing ever seems embarrassing at the time - if i need to send an email at work , i obsess over ... misery loves company ? as an alternative theory , i recently read about human biology and how we once had to maintain a high level of stress to survive . hunting , searching for edible plants , ... devin townsend ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5BqyluKkk0 why am i so .. awkward ? i'm in my first real full-time office job , and loving every second of it . i even love the people i work with , and i look forward to seeing them every day . it takes me a ... i always have the urge to offer a handshake , heh . whether or not i do depends on the situation . it can definitely be interpreted as strange to offer another woman a handshake , although i don't ... i didn't even notice that ... sorry ? no , not at all . had i already known what i wanted to hear , i wouldn't have asked . i was given advice that i considered useful . apologies if i'm misinterpreting your intent , but i'm not really sure ... this isn't really a vent , i just don't know where to put it . but shhh ! everyone ! i bought my wedding dress ! eeeep ! here's the part where i make you look at it : ... i'm very thankful for all your responses , but this is the response that is so very refreshing to see on perc , haha . thanks bago . i am reaching out to him one more time , to say that i want our ... hullo infps , nice to see you ! i have a friend i've known a little while , around six months , who is a confirmed infp . we talk mostly through online messages and texts , which i think works well for ... funny - it's the total opposite for me . i would peg estp as my least compatible type . not that i never get along with them , or that i can't see why they are excellent people , but we are so ... this was posted on the forums recently , and hit me quite hard : i am a strange compound of weakness and resolution . i have a diagnosis of ocd , but i'm not sure how i feel about it . i am markedly more obsessive than compulsive . i do not have any ritualistic compulsions . i am a perfectionist and a very clean ... i think aizar touched on this a little , but it's important for me to draw a distinction between jealousy and envy . i believe both were described in the original thread . the way i see it , envy is ... i didn't take this specific quiz , but i pretty much always get hufflepuff or ravenclaw , depending on exactly where the quiz puts importance on traits for each house and whatnot . surprisingly enough , ... is it bad that i specifically went and bought beer because i knew i would need one or two of them for the act of confronting my roommate ? i know everything i'm going to say . i'm going to make it ... i wish drugs were the entire problem .. i'm starting to think i would actually be protecting my own safety by kicking him out , and that it wouldn't just be angry bitchy behavior on my behalf ... uuuugh , i hate my rooommate ! ! i hate him , i hate him , i hate him ! ! ! he's been doing all kinds of illegal shit in my house , even though i've asked him to stop . he has absolutely no respect for ... i wish i could post this anonymously or something . i am really agonizing about whether or not to even post it . but there is no one i can really talk to about it and i am just .. ugh . i am so ... this is a common question on the forums . inxx types in general are relatively rare compared to esxx types , but the forum is brimming with introverted intuitives . this leads some people to believe ... '