i've been wondering why i do that too . when something starts to get serious or i feel responsible for someone else's attachment i just turn off . you know that old saying , ' i couldn't love anyone ... and for the record , he took space , you didn't give him any . it's a matter of understanding boundaries . he tells her he is breaking up with her and of course he explains himself and they ... bbiabco , i'm sorry to hear you're having a rough time . i was the intp in what appears to be a similar situation . i was seeing a girl long distance and i ended up breaking up with her because the ... dem 3 a . m . feels https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DsBTZEi2iY&feature=youtu.be i thought the point of this was to field a position :P that hasn't exactly been the case in my experience . however , i was ruling out intp's in particular . extp is fine by me . we know so much about how really small and localized parts of the brain work and the gross division of it is super obsolete . it's not even useful as a model for other things . not even a starting ... anthraex i have heard this story many times . the details are eerily similar to an experience i had with an infj in highschool ... and then an infj during university ... i can tell you that the infj i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leIKDodeQs4 this is what we're supposed to be doing with the gift of limitless synth options actually , its biological function is to strive to fertilize and get fertilized . not being sentient does not limit the biology from having specific function . edit : i'm speaking of the species , not ... honestly , i think the lighting does him no favours . his body fat percentage doesn't look high and his muscles are developed enough but he's not flexing and the light isn't cast from the side , ... it's of the same category as biting your lip or touching your neck . these are behaviours that people do when under heightened tension / anxiety / excitement . because these areas are sensitive some ... you don't know me , you don't know my life ! i'm a strong independent brown bear who don't need no one tryna unna stand me - unreflective - deceptive - homophobic - doesn't take care of their health ( brain health , body health ) - short sighted / overly impulsive / no discipline esfp's will often try to ' push through ' and redouble their effort rather than refine a strategy . his putting in more work and tons of effort might actually have been a bad sign , like a tree ... sometimes it's not you , it's them . my brother , an nt , really hit his stride when he went to uni in the city and met people that he could be himself with . small towns have a way of developing their ... i sell my art so yea , i'm alright . i draw with ink and sketch the most . i have also used water colour and pastel . i also learned stone carving from my nana who was a professional artist and i ... no no . phonetic kernel . as in a homonym for kernel but not the kernel , as in popcorn kernel , in meaning . it was a third imaginary word , the spelling of which i hadn't considered and the meaning was ... i made ( make ) this type of error frequently . over generalization is what people fear . there is a risk that you will be blind to individual characteristics because you are anticipating a known pattern of behaviour . expectation is a helluva drug ... i thought colonel and the imaginary phonetic ' kernel ' were two different words . i should have wondered why i never saw the word in print in military context , only heard it spoken . i feel like that's ... a lot of comfort there . you've got room to work . i have this problem with infjs in particular all the time ! mother , girlfriends and friends . you're right to point out that our experience of time is different . however , our memory is not random . ... some people equate introversion with mystery and depth . they just don't understand the theory they're claiming words from . also , personally , i don't think a percentage is relevant to an mbti ... it will probably be spontaneous and then someone is going to get called to the front of the class to solve a problem on the blackboard and oh no why am i in middle school again ? ! azalea sho i ... hibiscus thanks . of course i do . i hear your emphasis . stelliferous it's not boredom , it's perfectionism . i want to spoil her and i'm just trying to learn ways to do that . from the feedback ... of course , i'm not looking for a 1 to 1 here . i am trying to gain new info to add to my already robust models . i am curious to hear anything from other isfjs , just anecdotes , if you would risk the ... uuum , sooo , i just started seeing an isfj and i was wondering about the dynamics during sex . i tend to be significantly more dominant and that's not a problem . she has mentioned that she likes ... i am friends with three of them . i went to high school with one of them and i lived with the other two . i didn't have to ' spot them in the wild ' as it were because i didn't know about the mbti in ... i am going to approach from a first person cognitive perspective . incoming . first of all , in your scenario you would be blind . we have vision because we can capture the usual / relevent amount of ... i don't have this problem . i cannot relate . also , doesn't some young buck ask this question every week ? i think if you consider that love is one of the many inputs to conscious thought and behaviour then it seems a lot less ludicrous to say that one person can love another unconditionally . other inputs ... i think that's a fair assessment . i suppose the root of it is that we don't easily loose perspective ? we don't loose the taste for everything else we had in our life before we fell in love . my ... space happens naturally most of the time unless you're in highschool or some bulll . i feel the squeeze most acutely when i want to see my friends and my partner wants me to spend that same time ... i actually took notes on blank pages for creative reasons ... was it a date ? because although you are literally clinging to one another that sounds like a lovely low risk initiation . clingy would be asking for too much too soon ( you're not ) or for too much ... leadershiiip . giving orders and public speaking . i don't do them often and i enjoy them when i do them successfully . i like the rush from taking long odds and i like competitive sports . i find ... i think the golden rule applies well to giving gifts to isfjs . as the lizard says , actually listening and remembering what she likes is huge . memory and sentimentality are at the root of a good gift ... i find that entj's are unsentimental at first so i'm not likely to be interested right off the bat unless there's a strong physical attraction . as a guy , i don't mind being pursued . i will also ... i think total group cohesion is a tall order . entj : because of their direct , impersonal decision and action oriented qualities . we won't be living in a theoretical world . estp : i value similar ... sometimes if you do the same thing and it's a later down the line , the different circumstances make all the difference . it's not me , world , it's you . my motivation to understand what i am and what others are stems from a desire to connect . i also use my understanding to stretch and learn new behaviours and ways of thinking so i can become the ... no , i just checked , they still hurt . on the note of intj and intp differences , the literature would say that the intp having an introverted deciding function makes us much more process oriented ... deez nuts . seriously . whenever i start to wonder if life is just a dream i squeeze my balls and that brings me back down to earth . the mind body connection has immeasurable value . well that's an important tidbit . i met me best friend when i changed schools . the bus came early on the first day and i missed it . there was only one seat left in the class when i finally arrived ... maybe you don't need knew friends but just knew ways to interact with your friends . maybe there are mutually stimulating activities you haven't tried yet ? doing new things together is a great way to ... we're out there saying the ' right things ' too . one time i spied one of us and i called him out on it . he asked what i meant because it's an absurd thing to say , that i'm not like them either . he ... anywhere on the spectrum . the excitement and optimism is the important part . i don't feel it for everyone , just the few who catch my eye and i can connect with . i think most intp's would agree that ... establishing intimacy with someone is a great time . i love love , i love girls . i tend to get really excited about new sparks . my intention is never just to aim for sex but to see each relationship ... there aren't a lot of parts of society that i want to partake in . one of my primary motivations , much like some others who have posted before me here , is to get enough to be left alone . i want ...