' characteristics 1 . smart / common sense too 2 . funny . someone who can make me laugh 3 . kind 4 . upbeat 5 . someone who understands me physical features 1 . nice eyes 2 . reasonably fit i can get really bored at work , or with a job overall if i'm in it too long . it becomes routine and not challenging . but i like earning money so i go and do my best every day . my current job ? not ... no . but i can operate a calculator just fine . i am also not shy about asking someone who is good at math to help me if i need help . i usually get decent presents because we exchange christmas lists in my family . and i usually ask my friends what they want for christmas . one of my favorite presents was a vacuum cleaner with all ... you're a senior . suck it up and finish . like it or not , that piece of paper is more valuable than no piece of paper . i started out in a major and quit after 1 1/2 years . i had to go back later and ... my daughter and i went through her stuff from her childhood and her schoolwork for grade school and middle school . she decided what she wanted to keep and we threw the rest out . chances are it's ... that does not fit me at all . i am pretty even tempered and mellow . i always have been . i can get angry or frustrated , or be happy or sadx 85 but overall , i am calm and mellow . i am happy to report that my junk is gone . i cleaned my closets , etc . and donated stuff to charity . i am loving not having needless things underfoot . it's really freeing . i am so proud of myself . i feel emotion , we all do … . but i definitely rely more on my thoughts than on my emotions . emotions come and go . i am not a wear-my-heart-on-my-sleeve kind of person . i also cannot relate to ... doubt about … . < fill in the blank > . how i overcame self doubt was to imagine the absolute worst that could happen ( embarrassment , my own perceived ineptitude , being unable to fit in , etc . ) . then ... what about those three careers interest you ? figure out the elements of what the jobs would entail and see how you really feel about those elements . what would your life be like ? etc . and if you ... 1 . friend requests from people i met at some point in life ( high school , at a job , etc . ) and don't remember ... or didn't like . 2 . political posts 3 . game requests 4 . the inability to hide posts ... i have no problems saying no . whats the worst that could happen ? you'd make him mad ? hurt his feelings ? at least he'd know how you felt and wouldn't waste his ( or your ) time . it may be awkward ... i never knew what i wanted to be when i grew up . i just imagined myself independently wealthy lazing on a beach . why is there an assumption that we are hurting someone or that we don't take them seriously ? having fun does not mean we don't take people seriously . when i am in a relationship , i assume the other ... is there a quality control team ? did they check the machine ? you already said that it was a completely unforseen thing that happened . nobody works in a vacuum . i am sure other people helped him with ... you illustrated what i was going to say . it isn't that you have a 9-5 . it is that you have great people like your data center manager and irritating people like your sys admin manager . the trick ... political correctness scares me . easy ( but at times hard to actually do ) . learn to not speak your mind in a way that scares people . i often have to hold back my real thoughts , the unvarnished version . i will give my thoughts , ... i don't like very many people . i guess because they bore me , or they are shallow , or they are stupid , or they are naive , or they don't stand up for themselves , or they have zero confidence , etc . and , ... i have always been told i am smart . i got good grades . but i do not consider myself brilliant . i think that would be exhausting . however , i have a kind of smarts that others do not seem to have , ... i was unemployed for a while and here's what helped me . do not stay holed up . get out and network . reconnect with friends that you didn't have time for when you were working . meet new people ... i like a good mix of both . feelers tend to be romantic and if they are in touch with their thinking side we can have great conversations as well . but the most irresistable thing for me is a great ... yes ... and no here's the yes here's the no i cannot relate to people that find to be unrealistic , naive , simplistic , let's just all get along type of people . i also have a difficult ... exactly what i think too . stupid people irritate me . so just be stupid and you will piss me off . i was also a tomboy and my parents were cool with it . i actually have more friends that are men because i think more like they do and am not overly emotional like the women i see . i have zero time ... 1 . whenever i read about the nt temperament , nts are referred to as calm , cool-headed , even tranquil . does this seem to be true of entps ? are they ever more excitable or fun oriented ? are they ever ... no , not too caring to be an entp . i had that same issue when i was younger , but i found that it gave me a responsibility that i didn't want . i felt responsbile for whatever decisions my friends ... the best job is the one you want to do for a salary that will enable you to pay your bills . no , i was not bullied . i am very strong willed , maybe that's why ? yes , at times . and it's even worse if i'm in an argumentative mood . some people i just have to argue with . and sometimes the argument seems never-ending . my hackles get raised and i start to ... 1 . no 2 . no 3 . no 4 . no . 5 . yes , i get bored easily . 6 . no 7 . i often get distracted when people are talking ; i just tune out or drift off . yes and no . if the person talks incessantly and i ... you will stick to it when it means enough to you . i was just like you . i was able to finish my schooling and have a decent career because i was willing to do what it took , even when i didn't always ... yes . i had to hide a lost of posts in my facebook feed . one lady posted 50 ( fifty ) things i had to hide in one day . it's like she had tourette's or something . not a feminist . i also do not believe a woman should make the same money as man just because she is a woman . she needs to negotiate salary , quit basing decisions on her feelings , stop apologizing , ... never done it . never will . don't want to or see the need to . me too . right now i am in the midst of three , maybe four books . i might even finish some of them , lol ! my hobbies : - reading - listening to music - art and culture . i love museums , historical ... first of all , assure her that there is nothing wrong with her . when i was younger , i would get so bored with men pretty quickly . i would actually rather be alone than in a boring relationship . first ... i'm really not a vengeful person at heart . it seems like it would take too much time and effort . if i ever were get to the point where i would feel the need for vengeance , i would most likely opt ... all thinking types are cold and calculating . i hate absolutes , so that's bs to me . i am not cold or calculating . i just may keep myself hidden for a bit . as you get to know me , i will decide if i ... so ask her what you two are . a relationship ? just friends ? something in between ? i will not tell you what to do because you have to decide that for yourself . however : she will not ... i hate being told no . i took a job in which i was promised something by a company , some personnel jockey said no to what i was already promised because of policy . yes , i did ultimately get what i ... i don't know any other way to put this ... but ... she is not a science project to be figured out this part leaves me totally cold : describe the individual using a variety of methods at your ... i think overall it's an introvert's playground . ugh . i use it to keep track of people i can't communicate with any other way . or to keep up with my large family . i also play bejeweled blitz . that's ... i only know one infj , so i do realize my experience is not the only experience of them . i really like the infj that i know . he's really cool and keeps me mentally unscattered and uncluttered . ... i can be very sarcastic , to the point where people do not always realize i am joking . bugs bunny was always my favorite cartoon character and he's my favorite to this day . i hate bill maher . my ... i think their j is how they orient their life , structure , schedule , hate surprises , good working with deadlines , punctual , things like that . i do know j's that are judgmental , but that is not what i ... so , entps , what's your career path ? i've been in it my whole adult career . computer operator , help desk technician , desk side team lead , customer support manager , training manager , configuration ... your strong j would drive us nuts and our strong p would drive you nuts . are you a clean freak ? are you structured , scheduled , hate surprises , etc ? '