captain phillips : happy : nice i'm currently reading elegy by amanda hocking the last book of the watersong series . a vacation chicken wrap hello and welcome , i hope you enjoy it here . i just got done reading once burned by jeanine frost . i watched take me home on netflix , it was a great movie . i'm almost done with ever after by kim harrison a orange playing for keeps and alex cross both are excellent movies a perfect blood by kim harrison a perfect blood by kim harrison identiy theif silver by talia vance wake by amanda hocking now you see her by linda howard . florida , usa magic mike the kill by l . j . smith cassandra clare's books are always good . the switch it was really good . i just finished with cassandra clare's new book city of falling angels a few days ago , now i'm reading lisa jackson's new book devious . who's your favorite authors ? mine are nora roberts , james patterson , cassandra clare , lisa jackson there a lot of fun i'm currently reading the mackade brothers rafe & jared by nora roberts is this a poem you wrote ? if so it's very good i agree the summertime is just too hot i want to travel to austrillia someday hello and welcome to the site enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here there's so much to be thankful for my friends my family that i have a roof over my head , and food on the table . hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here i use the norton welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here i guess it would be that i can be very sensitive maybe too sensitive at times hello and welcome to the forum enjoy it here hello and welcome to the forum