' i rarely make art but when i do it's mostly to export a imaginative concept in my head , it's like the moment i've let it leave my head it's left my head forever and has also left the world in this ... seeing a masked like being the top right , the red / blue curvy lines remind me of hair so i imagine that as being hair coming from behind the mask . my second see was the two-colour lines indicated a ... not really , fe is a process of judgement , sociability is strongest in the extroverted perceptive ( ne / se ) whereby you socialise just because you enjoy perceiving a wide range of information ( various ... well , judging isn't necessarily a process of making things consistent , it's more to do with being thinker minded , as those who are energised by the use of systemisation are drained by chaos . judging ... my verdict is isfj , as per communicating with fe and strong si-ne in sensory interpretation . also , guys , fe users have values , too . fi reflects on values beyond ethics , it's to do with how you feel ... you described ni like it was a conscious but loved process of yours , this is generally the matter of the tertiary function . when it is dominant you feel a sense of aha ! moments as things shape ... you sound very s to me . ni inferior is likely making you seek further accuracy . ni is focused and you are unsure of your focus . mbti assesses your most energising functions . to want to seek further ... 9 , 6 , 8 then also 4 for eyelashes and 3 for eyelid , then 2 for the side of the nose and 5 for a nostril , 1 for the nose edge and 7 for the eyebrow x3 so i was looking for fox pics on this other site and it wasn't loading . i haven't been on personalitycafe in ages and i check the intros section and the first post i see just now is by an arctic fox ... that'd depend on your values and how sensitive you are . i used to stand my ground a lot more , now i just avoid conflict entirely or act dumb to their ways . i used to like debates but like so many ... even the most introverted introverts i've known talk quite a lot , introverts and some ne dominant persons tended to prefer certain types of people and were simply more quieter in public situations ... offline i get : enfj , enfp , infp , infj , isfp , intp . online i have gotten : infp , estp , esfp , entp , enfp , infj , enfj , intp and intj . offline these days i seem more introverted because i ... nightmares are rare for me and i'm rarely stressed these days , yet my dreams tend to be sort of like weird versions of the world i know in everyday life with splashes of fantasy and randomness and ... depends how much sugar i've had lol ? hyperactivity is quite a physical thing on the surface . ever started a fast car with no to little fuel ? well i have quite a lot of energy especially when ... so hard to criticise ... being so similar yet so different ? t vs f . i see you're talking about dragons . i used to have some interest in dragons once for a brief time , collected some different ... 1 . waking up in the morning with a whole new exciting day ahead . 2 . pleasing my vivaciously adventurous urges . 3 . taking a nice long stroll with a good fun friend and letting our imaginations ... hmm most of the videos lock up on my tablet . i like the mika video a lot , not heard that one before . i actually learnt to play that once lol . only thing i did , though . wanted to learn ... yeah totally . contrasting with judging thinking they are most like oh my good shut up when i'm talkative idea-generating mode and then when i'm like really excited people think i've slipped a load of ... i find it fun to just join in . couldn't do it for occupation , though , even as a hobby it's quite a stretch for me especially with me being not entirely the fittest . using se is pretty rare for me ... i'm least attracted to estjs i think . nothing against them per se unless they bad people . i just want to hug one for rallying up against them ... pisces is my sun sign . not sure about the rest , though lol . also with horoscopes i think it's may be possible the time of the year you were born affects you psychologically . so like if you're born ... * revival zombiehugs * lol i feel those brakes , too but it's like i got to find more of myself at this current point , i mean i have uni and that as much as i really want to just live in the present , looking to the future kind ... oh beer . can't stand it , i'm also intolerant , i'm drunk on life instead :P i know what you mean i can look at both sexes and i'm sexually not interested even if i joke , and i don't like porn either ... let me see how i contrast with the op : easily excitable when i was involved in brainstorming a potential event brainstorming is so exciting , it's so much more fun when you have all these ... sometimes strangers can be lovers to me , especially if they seem ideal . i'm kind of like a hippy . when i was a little bit younger people found this annoying so i turned it down a bit . i'm demisexual , ... was waiting for someone to question my hitler analogy :P what i am referring to is how people can be so judging and want everything to be in a timeless equal state , much of hitler's idealism ... enfps vary in intensity . fe seems more robotic to me than the ne-te loop . ne strikes a match for the possibilities and the resulting sense of reality te on the surface makes the enfp very excited ... i would say enfp easily given the focus of cognitive energy . still not enough info on your cognitive preference overall . i'd like to see what you get in an enneagram assessment , as well . i wouldn't ... i need someone as solid as a rock who i can go home to and who's not too much of a social butterfly on their own so when i need them they ard more there for me to go on adventures with . someone who ... i hit the back button when faced with this and fortunately for my lateness to an appointment my posting was still there . i make it a habit to copy my text sometimes when working on large posts in ... you sound like a enfp or an esfp to me . i relate a lot to you strongly in personal goals , etc , so far i just let life guide me though i am taking time to reinvent myself currently . are you more ... i like making lists but i forget to read them or i just get distracted by other things lol . i even tried making alarms on my devices but i rarely notice or just ignore them . it's like an automatic ... is it ironic i'm evading work just to read this ? :P i was homeschooled after post traumatic physical / mental bullying at public schools . physical issues and poor social skills drove me to this sense of introversion . my self esteem lowered and i ... you annoy stressed introverts with your enthusiasm for life . you can't stand the thought of being alone . you thirst for involvement in social groups ( beyond the internet ) . you seem to be missed by ... i'm curious to ask other enfps some questions , myself . do you prefer text based or visual based instructions ? or a mix of both ? do you prefer realistic or bright colour schemes ? would you say ... how do you act when you are nervous ? i get quieter , could shake a bit , more attentive to phobias , more clumsy , somewhat joking and weirdly smiley . how do you act when you are happy ? smiley , ... my minor ethics become major ones . i feel like everything is monotonous so complain about it ( i . e . that music on the radio all sounds like some other pre-existing song ) . i become restless and ... i've always tended to have t , j people about since my childhood . while i'm inclined to be messy i make it a conscious thing to clean things up ( not that well , mind ) . well , at least in the material ... endings of any kind . also , brutal violence . i don't mind death so much if it's not permanent . like if a character in a story reincarnates , i find that turning relieving . the rest depends on whether ... very well as long as they don't want me acting super s every two seconds , yeah . i'd say that it means that you can't support something you can't understand because as a supporter you've never ... i want to try all of the jobs . well , the really fun ones , anyway . i am leaning towards the arts which is probably unrealistic in certain eyes but i would rather live to work than work to live ... - supermega hulkcrushing group glomp - : crazy : being penned in with being unable to do as many things as i want due to the development of agoraphobia ( and other phobias ) . the lack of social opportunity . seeing others getting what i could have ... infj and esfj . always need a complimentary and a provider-sensor type in such places :P infjs just click , esfjs that i know are usually ethical enough to trust yet pretty great with their ... it makes me serious and analytical like , kind of like a fake ne-ti but on the outside world rather than introspective thought . when i read myself back in being in such a state of thought i sound kind ... ne is sort of weird because intuition in general can be a very inner ( after all it is perceptive yet productive ) , when it connects with others it just sparks this aura of optimism and it can be a ... 1 . nope but i can act all pro-like as long as it lasts . 2 . not overly . 3 . i have a good sense of ethics ( my own mostly , mind ) and am aware of the realities and would rather be a boss to someone ... i can't remember either . isfp ? '