' enfp i'm sorry but i hate ross so much . he masquerades as some kind of nice guy who's supposed to be sweet and sensitive when really he's a chauvinistic , selfish asshole . he is the epitome of the guy ... so sorry for my late response ! it's odd , but sometimes i do tend to relate to descriptions of inferior si , such as tending to overprepare for things due to constant fear of forgetting details . ... thank you for your explanation ! basically i've just had trouble telling the difference between ne and ni as well as trying to understand si . i am a habitual person as i mentioned and tend to settle ... yeah , the main reason i filled this out is because i was unsure whether i was actually on the si / ne axis ( i was intp before ) and wondered if i was in fact ni / se . mind if i ask what makes you think ... i plucked different questions from different questionnaires , so this one's kind of a hodgepodge . i went ahead and put the questionnaire in a quote to hopefully make the text seem a little less ... alittlebear i know what you mean . their fi is endearing . some of the best examples from harry include firstly when he firmly rejected draco's ( somewhat ) polite offer of friendship in the first book ... i found it easy to relate to the trio and get involved in their struggle , but i did notice some obvious fe-users in the story ( cedric , co chang , lily potter ) are always painted , through harry's point ... i've always thought of the conflict between zim and dib as a perfect illustration of the entj / intp contrast , with zim as the entj and dib the intp . ross is definitely an si-dom . i think he started out as a pretty clear isfj , but he seems more istj in later seasons , especially post-emily . phoebe and chandler are unquestionably enfp and entp , ... i can definitely see that regarding pleasure island , plus not knowing that the seemingly harmless activity in which you're engaging , which was in fact encouraged of you ( from what i remember ) , would ... 45 % visionary 41 % intellectual 14 % advocate this test was interesting ! ^ ^ take your time ! and yeah , not really feeling the ti-dom . thanks so much for your welcoming words . :) i'll ... ^ 10 minute mail if no one wants to use their real address :p roud : that to me has always been the most unnerving . we watched an extended news feature on the btk killer in class a few years ago ; his wife and two kids never suspected a thing before he was caught . i ... i would say these factors are what bother me most when trying to sleep as well ... more intrinsic things , like my personal , physical comfort and mental energy . outside noises don't bother me too much ... wouldn't the main source of overstimulation , at least for an introvert , depend on their inferior function ? i don't mind loud concerts or crowded functions too much - maybe only after a while - and ... jumping in to the disney discussion if that's alright . :) i personally have never found mufasa's death in tlk truly upsetting ... probably because the tone of the film is less glum overall ... i would guess : 1 : hufflepuff 2 : hufflepuff 3 : slytherin , maybe gryffindor / ravenclaw 4 : gryffindor , maybe ravenclaw 5 : ravenclaw 6 : hufflepuff / slytherin 7 : gryffindor , maybe hufflepuff 8: ... not very . i do make an effort to look presentable each day ( no tshirts / sweats if i'm going to be out in public ) . however i don't bother keeping up with current trends or anything like that . i dress ... any of the exxj types , they seem like they really have their life put together . or maybe just any of the extroverts . shorty levi exactly . hence inferior fe meltdown . the reference to te was to illustrate that sheldon uses fe by contrast . in regards to sheldon - constantly seeking external validation from other people . cares heavily about his image and what other people think of him . extremely whiny and immature when he's challenged ... i think gordon-levitt's character uses ni . he builds summer up in his mind to be this ideal woman that she's not at all . he fails to see her for what she is and instead holds on steadfastly to the ... true , but it is still their money . as in , money they provide . they may not be quality , no . but it's still providing a service . i suppose that would depend on the individual and i guess , for some , their level of notoriety . sure , they may not have become famous for any distinguishable talent , but do they donate to charity ? do ... when i was younger , i was convinced i was put on this earth for some special reason , like i was supposed to have some higher purpose in life and that i was meant to usher an era of change or ... hmm ... hmm . i don't know if this is the real problem ... i think a lot of people do change the world in little ways ... can't comment more and don't know why i responded that but ... i see what ... right now i'm going into business journalism and hoping to pick up an internship somewhere notable and see where it goes from there . who knows . really though , i would love to teach english or ... i've often thought of possibly becoming a teacher - i love giving presentations and talking about subjects that excite me . it would be wonderful to find a way to channel this into actually having an ... eh well i think the behavior aspect of it might have been just for the benefit of the parents , which is why they may have felt the need to include it on report cards . i was a pretty irresponsible ... there's really no foundation in iq - it doesn't measure much other than how well you can perform on iq tests . there's no true objective way to measure intelligence - different people are simply ... in elementary school , we had separate grades for behavior / discipline and for our mastering of the material . ( we didn't really have unit tests or homework grades like middle / high school students ) ... we were never tested on iq . we were given end of grade / end of course tests ( eogs in elementary / middle school , eocs in high school ) to determine how well we mastered the curriculum from that grade ... that was exactly the case with my brother . his 3rd grade teacher simply thought he had potential and started teaching him 4th grade math . in 4th grade he was learning 5th grade math ... and so on ... i like rachel tulane . it sounds pretty . for me personally , the university didn't immediately come to mind ... but i guess for some people it might . rachel prime sounds like a character name in ... none of this is specific to infp and certainly can be true for intp . could be either fi or fe - if by not attuned to the feelings of others , you mean you are instead more attuned to your ... i don't think one's mbti should ever truly change . many things can mistaken for changing types : - over time , you learn to use and develop your lower functions ( plus , everyone uses facets of ... esfj , isfj , and esfp all seem correct for carmen , lena , and bridget respectively . i also used to think tibby was fi , but i can see some inferior fe . she sometimes has this unhealthy need to fit in ... esfj mom isxj dad intp daughter ( me ) estp brother istj maternal grandfather enfp maternal grandmother esfj mom istj ( ? ) paternal grandfather i agree with isfp for beca . jesse strikes me as fe . he's always looking out for beca and her well-being and even personally calls her dad to help get her out of jail . from what i remember he ... this will probably always be my favorite song in the disney franchise : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW86hxENnKE i'm such a shy and reserved person most of the time so i relate well ... this show is hilarious ! recently started watching it and just started season three , so based on what i've watched so far : leslie knope : esfj . leslie as exxj is pretty obvious ; i can possibly ... all these warriors discussions make me want to reread the series ! i miss reading the books for the first time . life was so simple when the only drama in your life was between fictional cats xd ... isfj mostly facebook just to get quick updates on rl stuff . i rarely post anything ; i'll comment once in a while . i was obsessed with tumblr when i first joined but i've started to go on less often ... intp 6/10 i had only a few close friends , but also a ton of acquaintances . i was a member of plenty extracurriculars in my high school , plus i attended school with a lot of the same people ... infx type most likely to be accepting of alleged evidence of the paranormal ? not so sure of the accuracy of these typings , but these were the characters that immediately popped into my head when considering each type . istj - javert from les miserables isfj - the green ... oswin , so sorry for taking so long to respond to you ! my fair lady does have a cleverness to it , especially in higgins ' dialogue and lyrics . and i would agree with what you said regarding the ... i greatly enjoy musicals from around the 40s / 50s / 60s , especially those of rogers and hammerstein , which are all very si in nature . i love south pacific ; i've seen any production of it , but i ... '