' wow mostly .. im thinking about trying out kotor but ive heard mixed comments about it . i will be getting into d3 in december . you may not have been born yet but the first time i ever saw this was when there was a tv series on called kids in the hall where they would go around ' crushing peoples heads ' with their fingers ... hi yall ! ! ! i'm christian .. i am non-denomination faith . god has seen me through some scarey rough times . i talk to him daily . :D i just found out why i am a love avoidant . the thought of someone having the power to crush me and elate me is verrry scary . i don't like to not be in control of my emotions and love is like the ... i just had to take down my facebook to try to stop my stalker . bleh .. im not very happy about that either . somehow he found out a way around the blocked feature . i didnt think that was possible . well ... interesting question . i prefer my own company most of the time as i don't have any irl friends . i don't like being happy alone , it disturbs me but , i am the way i am i guess . but , if i play my ... i am not an infj but this discussion captivated me . i am merely an observer of human nature and these responses are so interesting to me . ahh , yes we are on the st . mary's river that separates georgia and florida mood : curious interesting .. i live next to the st . mary's river . it is hard . i didn't expect it to take such an emotional toll . being noticed is uncomfortable at best . i don't like the attention it brings . but being healthy is my main priority . sexy : losing weight and feeling good about myself for once in my life . i have always been overweight so i have no idea what its going to be like fit . well see happy : no real reason just at peace and optimistic about my future . blah : i dont know why i like having computer friends . real life friends are great but when i want to get away i cant . lol . that sounds so selfish i know . i wish i was extroverted and gitty and ... happy : got my world of warcraft game back up and running after a year break . i really missed my friends . funny , most of my friends live in my computer . lol . embarrassed : i have been in the dumps lately and took it personal like a dork . forgive me for jumping to conclusions . sad . i was only trying to relate to help but it backfired . i just reminded of why i keep to myself . i dont do conflict well so i avoid it as i dont need it in my life . goodbye and cheers ... ok sorry . no fair ! ! you got all the cool genes . i was just stuck with the ' great ass ' gene . pfft . i was going to rant about a valid subject but i forgot what it was . now that pisses me off . :/ i have a dark sense of humor . i try not to let it out of the coffin for very long . lol woke up in a fog . power was out and it started getting muggy in the house . depression has settled in for the day . heres to making myself be happy as i refuse to be controlled by my own seratonin . shes realized how she screwed up . there are alot of guys out there that will prove to her she should have held onto you . hindsight is always 20/20 . this has happened to me but with my deceased brother recently . we were in our grandparents house that has since been long gone . odd , i wish we could choose the dreams we want to have . of course i ... you have the worse case scenario in my opinion . its so hard to get over someone when they are right in front of you day in and day out . i don't know the circumstances but i do know that if there is ... the closest town here is 20 miles . i live in a forest and yeah i know what its like to be newly single . it takes some getting used to . but its beginning to be refreshing now i can just concentrate ... lol .. im sure it would .. i havent played the game in a year . lol i get that from my gaming addiction . im a dirty little horde . worry and stress will do that . i am a worrier and stresser . getting a massage is healing to the mind ... i recommend visiting your local spa . she doesnt want what is said tracible . i know i spelled that word wrong lol .. tracable , tracible , traceble .. idk .. anyways .. she wants it so that what you decided on that it can be her word against ... right now really nervous as well .. divorce will be final on 8-14 . no job , going through college . im 38 and starting my life over . this is just plan nerve wrecking yes thank you for the correction .. i am one of the few that dont care about typos we are curious and maticulus by nature . the fact that someone replied to this doesnt suprise me . hi , new here and i have commented on some of your threads as a stranger . muaahaaa : kitteh : i am human and am fallible and am probably guilty of most of these peeves . however , i am misophonic and i cannot tolerate annoying sounds . barking dogs , obnoxious people chewing gum , sucking teeth , ... i am at peace . i have alot of life chores that rattle around in my head but have written them all down with a plan to peel them off of each one of my nerves . that and i am medicated . bahhaaa im and inspector definately . the job i loved the most was and auditor . loner / artist / hated authority / singer / poet / weird / fat / virgin / clever / witty / sarcastic avoidant '