' entp and enfps are definitely my favorites . after ... intj and infj . te , followed by fe . oh yes , i love doing this . my roommate sexiled me a while ago , and the day after , i ask so how was it ? ;) we don't really know each other that well , but i loved seeing how awkward it got . once ... the first type i got was infp . i had a hard time figuring out if i was a fi or ti dom . so after a lot of research , i concluded that i use ti more than fi . to this day , however , my t / f are pretty ... pet peeve # 1 when people tell me they're upset over something ( something i probably did ) and then i ask them what is it ? and they refuse to talk about it , leaving me trying to pin down what the ... alright , i'll assume you're a hybrid of intp and infp . let the ti and fi mesh and explode . ah ... all these negative experiences are seriously kinda discouraging to read . they are starting to sound like my relationship with my isfj mother . anyway , on my side , things are more positive ... location . i'm also really picky . i keep striving for that really really deep love , someone that can match my heart's capacity but i don't seem to find it around me . and if i do , i'm just not ... my two closest friends are entps . i don't find them overwhelming or ' too much ' at all . we usually have really long conversations which are usually veering into tangent after tangent without any of us ... 5w4 , 3w2 , 9w1 sp / so / sx i'd save him , assuming that the two people he killed had done something terrible - - like kill someone for example . not sure how i feel about him enjoying killing the person though , even if it was ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infp 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entp - 4 ) what type ( s ) do you love / adore ? 5 ) what type ( s ) are the ... i literally just cracked up . lol - - anyways , i was initially mistyped as an infj on 16personalities ( but i had a lot of ' neutral ' answers on many questions which is a no-no apparently , oops ) and ... 513 - the technical expert , it seems . binge watching san andreas my heart belongs to boston . i study here and plan to stay here after graduation . there's so much variety and so much to do . it's a big city but it's also kind of a small city if that makes sense ? ... estp ? i just rewatched that yesterday ! kevin spacey was just ... brilliant . favorite movie no doubt haha . so i've had two distinct experiences this year . one of them was fueled by infatuation with this istj . ( didn't turn out well by the way ) it lacked depth so i feel like we've drifted . the second ... ah , unknown ... i'll just assume you embody the best traits of each type . infp female most : entp , enfj , enfp , least : xsxj's and estp your si is still not on point though . and your lack of te surely doesn't help either . or else you wouldn't have overlooked the key word : trying your ne is often questionable.it seems like you're trying to overshadow your ne with ti just so that you can keep up with the intp , at the expense of undermining ( or blatantly ignoring ) that ne you ... well , what's the fun if you can't poke fun at yourself ? i wouldn't say ' insult . ' that's too harsh of a word . instead , i would say , while making a valid observation . not exactly ne multitasking . we just happened to respond at similar intervals . it would be a pleasure to be isxx ! maybe then i would finally make up my mind about a career path that aligns to my ... i am disappointed that you as a ne dom are focusing more on details such as the arbitrary function stack rather than the big picture . seems like you secretly want to be an intp , and have ti as your ... says the entp with an inferior feeling function . : tongue : also , pftt , a wannabe entp ? with no ti or fe to back it up ? please . if anything , it'd be an enfp . word of advice , follow your fellow ... well , ne dom . had you used your ' strongest ' function , then perhaps you'd have appreciated the truthfulness of my statement . if your si wasn't so behind you'd be aware how smart my te is for staying a mile away from fi + ne's combined excellence . tsk tsk tsk . typical intj exercising their te and focusing on banal details such as grammar . gone girl entp , enfp , intp and a ixtj . i would say my closest is the entp . ixtj ... well , that's a challenge . it's a never ending rollercoaster honestly since we think so differently . intps , watch and learn from your fellow nt brother . : laughing : this is why i love entps so much . :) intps , i love you guys and all but every time i try to hug one of your brothers and sisters , i feel like i'm hugging a tree infj - the counselor you scored 25 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the counselor . this type makes a supportive and insightful ... your in-depth results are : gryffindor - 12 hufflepuff - 11 ravenclaw - 11 slytherin - 8 i tend to get hufflepuff & gryffindor though maths and physics . i just can't seem to grasp the concept long enough ... and it bores me . only in an entp forum : laughing : infp f most : infp infj entp enfp least : estj istp entj estp infp and agnostic and secular humanist ( philosophy ) easily : infp infj intp enfj entp isfp enfp not so easily : estj entj esfj istj estp istp ugh . this is honestly the kind of mentality that's been drawing me away from perc lately . people seem to take all these descriptions so literal and then ascribe each of those qualities to every ... girl : emily , emma , isabella , amanda boy : david , jared , aiden spiderman actually it's really nice to be see so many infps in one place for once change is good it really bothers me how many people seem to antagonize and label fi users as self centered or selfish individuals vs fe users who are respectively labelled as selfless in fact , some of the ... 80 % spanish 20 % french and i'm infp anxious depressed pessimistic yes , it does . '