' that happens to me all the time , most annoying thing in the world . tony stark said it best , contrary to popular belief , i know exactly what i'm doing . when your intp friend says , you should ... i wanted to be an inventor . still kinda do , lol . i mean , everything seems so inefficient , why not try to make it better by making awesome multi-purpose inventions ? usually i tend to have a better understanding of people's motives , lol . it's more realistic , anyways . maybe from ti being rational ? :D haha , kinda like , ask a stupid question ... when you follow that same policy yourself , and also get angry when people aren't honest / don't give a straight answer . when you hate , hate , hate ... when while debating in a class , you have to write down your responses before you forget them because you'll get distracted by the thing the person says next . when you do this ^ , and win the debate ... back in 5th grade , i had the genius idea of testing how far i could throw an eraser lol . my thought was that hey ! it'll float like a piece of paper , right ? haha , wrong . it landed on my teacher's ... awright , another video . when this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrLSOvThcPo&feature=related when this . just for the heck of it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TC6JhvM0jWM edit : when you laugh really hard at this and your infp mom goes , that's just weird .. haha i know that feel , man . it takes an insane amount of discipline to control this ne beast lol . happens all the time with english essays ( it's not fluff ! it's a joke ! ) when the infp at your ... i actually walked up to a physics teacher at my school and asked him about quantum physics . that's like ten billion times more interesting than normal physics . we could be learning how to teleport in ... that was a sweet victory , dude . :D when you can make puns throughout an entire road trip and laugh at every single one . ( and the way you say them makes them even funnier . ) also , brony 2012 ! when my mom tells me to clean my room . it'd be cool if it were once or twice a week , but it's every . fricking . day . and it's usually what i have to do to get other stuff ( be able to go somewhere , do ... i was going to ask for technik , but that's taken . can i have techtronik , then ? haha , sorry just checked my notifications :D you , know , i hadn't thought about it but yeah lol , i did . debating is my energy drink :D anyways , threadly -> when you initially hate something , but then ... hey dude , there's a syntax in your error :D loliclickedtoo not really lol . usually it's me unknowingly embarassing my sister / friends i'm with , because i'm gung ho for just about any funny idea lol , and it's only later when i think about it that i say yeah , ... narcissism 27 % unconventionality 83 % empiricism 88 % vitality 83 % othercentricism 66 % independence 55 % integrity 66 % intellect 94 % stoicism 77 % orderliness 11 % when your 5th grade teacher called you a little einstein . (: d ) when you get annoyed when people don't want you to tell the truth , even though it'd be better in the long run for them . lol , my clock by my bed is actually three minutes fast , just for the heck of it . and i correct people when they say what it shows :D when you post a reply to something , forgetting you were posting ... when you can debate circles around your istp dad :D ( still didn't get to go to my friend's house , but ! had fun debating lol . ) sometimes they get a bit old lol during downtime . mucus gracias . i know that's snot how you say it , but i have a really sick sense of humor . asian jokes are just wong . dude , he changed ... i'm straight up casual all the way , usually i'll be in gym shorts and a t shirt . when i have to wear dress clothes , after the occasion the sleeves are rolled up and the shirt gets untucked . lol , i ... when you drop puns into your conversations , and get disappointed when the person doesn't get it . when you could go on rants about stupid people because honestly , they have it coming for not using ... when not as much bothers you as it does your infp mom . when you think back on what you just said , and woah ! that was deeper than i meant it to be ! when too much touchy-feely stuff makes you ... when people say , only you would make that connection . also , when your 7th grade teacher told you would be the smartest kid in class if you would just stop talking , and in that same class , you beasted and got a 100 on a vocab , the highest grade in ... when you recently converted from being an infp , and you identify with all the posts on this thread . :D ( i actually have ocd , so that influenced it a lot . ) girls , music , video games , personality types , add , movies , pick up lines ... depending on who i'm talking to . one of my best friends is an enfp , we've known each other for around 16 years , and we ... yeah , man . i was impressed lol.tim hawkins is pretty funny , too . when you went to bed at one because you were glued to failblog . dane cook is awesome , and has anyone heard of brian regan ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89frRi8GgGA and i dunno if this is ' cause my dad is an istp , but i love puns . did you freaking read my mind ? hahaha :P i once had the thought that time is not real , but all things living go through a growing period regardless . we aren't measured by how old we are , we are ... the one who can see a girl , fall in love , have a relationship and get my heart broken without the other person ever knowing . the one who thinks that last sentence was a bit creepy . when you have , within the past day , saved a moth from your sj sister . :P clean your room ! my kind of clean ! ( from my mom ) you're mumbling . are you on crack ? ( me-no , this is all natural . ) okaaayy ... ( hate that one ) the one who got home at 4:20 but hasn't done his homework and it's already around 7 . hahahaha nah , it was a beast manga too . i'm still a bit obsessed lol . :p roud : have you read it ? i get this all the freaking time lol . from my sis hahahaha :P http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/1/11785/252563-64086-keitaro-urashima_super.jpg for those who've read love hina , i think keitarou's an infp lol . and the cute chick , naru , is either esfj orenfj . the one who laughed for about 30 seconds after watching metal gear awesome the one who got in trouble for naming his folders like this in bcis the one who knows what'll happen a split second before ... oh ! maybe ben kenobi from star wars ? when you read body language really well , and can tell when someone's not feeling good . when people - when you got distracted by something and forgot what you were saying . si , especially the second one who's lost in thought . yup , ^ _ ^ self-diagnosed . when you forget that you have to continue the thread and go off to check something else , so then you go back and edit it , and then forgot to say that it was edited . when your interest kinda fades from one thing to another . let's see ... ender from ender's game ( or maybe valentine .. ? ) david from the fire within series winne the pooh hey ! she's from the us ! ( she's red white and blue , anyhoo ) sorry lol off-topic xp . or the dude / chick in the back who's always doodling or staring into space . thanks , both of you . : tongue : haha , i do that a lot . hey , what's up ? i didn't know they had an intro forum so i posted a bit first . : tongue : i'm a kinda outgoing dreamer / hunter ( add ) . '