' maybe the best thing to do would be to stop caring about her grades and just tell her that she can do whatever she wants academically , but if she fails in any way then it's all her own fault and she ... esfp because i'm pretty sure usagi is an esfp so since she is in your avatar then you must be an esfp too . isfj , because your name sounds like that of an orthodox jewish rabbi and everyone knows that religious people are sjs with feelings . my parents used to say that i eat like someone is about to steal food off my plate . over the years i've learned the wonders of savoring my food so i eat a pretty slow pace now . sometimes i multitask ... i had two esfp friends in high school that used me for my money ( the 30 or so dollars my mom would give me for food every week ) and treated me ( and everyone else ) like trash but claimed i was omg ... i dunno , man . after almost 2 years of being with an infj , i am currently more lost and confused than ever . i'm a hedonist in that i intentionally seek out long-term pleasure . or at least ideally . like through eating healthy and exercising . yeah ! except i've been eating tons of ice cream and chocolate ... i'm pretty sure my mom is an entj or enfj ( seriously can't tell if she uses fe or te , but i know for a fact that she has the ni since she somehow knows everything about me without me telling her . ) ... i failed the driving test 4 times ( got disqualified 3 of those times , twice within the first 5 minutes ) before finally getting my license on the 5th try , and it only took a year and 3 days . i'm ... dear infj , you are a crazy motherfucker , but i love you anyway . now that i am finally be in charge of my own transportation methods , i can say with 100 % certainty that you are more than just a ... i think that what helped me figure out that i have no fi whatsoever is the fact that when someone i know is feeling upset or any other negative emotion , i can generally figure out how they are ... as an entp , the only word i recognized in all those sentences was breast . i've found that pretty much all intps that i've been friends with have been very sincere , even if in a seemingly mean or overly blunt way sometimes . i'm guessing that may have to do with the fact ... 5 ' 8 and 120 pounds . living up to the entp stereotype , yet again . d'awww so cute . does she usually comply with that request and let you have a cat-tastic phone chat ? i would hope that loving cats would be an entp thing since cats are awesome . my cat is a total ... because i love kitties and petting cats makes me happy . : 3 unless they have rabies or are a tiger or something . i can't pet tigers with rabies , too dangerous . 1 . fun . 2 . acquiring knowledge . 3 . petting cats . 4 . maintaining awesome relationships with awesome people . 5 . not sucking at life / school / things . that's pretty out of order though . i think ... one time i was mad and drunk so i tried beating up my entp friend . he wouldn't fight back though so i just went upstairs to calm myself down . i bet he wasn't fighting back because i'm pretty ... 33584 i don't have a picture of my room and am too lazy to take one currently , but this is a part of my room . and my cat . she spends a lot of time in my room , so she counts as a part of it too . if ... when you've had people tell you i don't think of you as a girl , but i don't think of you as a man either . you're like your own separate androgynous entity or i just think of you as a man with a ... being an isfj would be cool . i'd actually get things done instead of just thinking about doing them and still retain all my same cognitive functions , just backwards . would be interesting . i'd ... itp . hmm , i don't think i was ever really an introvert , i was just really cynical and hated associating with about 99.5 % of the people at my school , but they were lame anyway . i had about 7ish ... oh gosh , psychedelics are so interesting . i don't feel like that doing drugs has really changed me all that much as a person , other than now i'm just myself and in addition to that , i occasionally ... overall , i have slightly more male friends than female friends , but the friends that are closest to me are female . none of my female friends are the crazy overly-emotional types though , which is ... but i thought i was sexy ! what is this madness : shocked : all the js and ps i associate with are pretty sexy though , but i could just be biased . or i just have objectively sexy friends . too much ... wow what a weirdo . if you were entp you'd be way less weird , but you're intp and therefore weird . wait , maybe i got that wrong . am i just projecting ? oh no ! i'm the weirdo ! ? ! ? ! ? i find reading about old school freak show acts and serial killers to be pretty amusing . especially the serial killers . looking for patterns in how various ones work and the differences between them ... a few years ago i was crazily obsessed with this one guy and thought he was absolutely perfect , dated him for 7 months , and then went crazy on him because i was too stressed out to be able to ... yeah , that happens sometimes when i'm not really paying attention to what i'm saying so i just say whatever is currently in my brain despite the potential consequences . one time i was chilling ... i have the cutest cat ever . that's brag-worthy , right ? meow . : 3 1 . does intellect attract you ? so much . 2 . do you care if your mate is smart ? have you ever dated down ? i dated a high school dropout once . he wasn't really that stupid , just really bad at life ... i'm a giant hypochondriac without the follow-through . i think i have some weird physical problems , like the fact that i throw up after not eating for too long , but i never bothered to go further than ... most of my phone calls start with hey , i'm outside your house , so that's pretty convenient and efficient for me . i much prefer texting for conversational purposes . i think calling should usually be ... i think the best way to keep all the dishes clean is to allow him to only use one specific plate , one specific mug , one specific fork , etc . i know i have a problem with leaving all my dirty dishes in ... i'm pretty fond of my infj , so i'd have to agree that everything they say about infj + entp is true . i can imagine an entp being happy with a person of any type as long as they kept them ... infjs are pretty neat , but i could be biased . my dad and i are both ntps and we're super sensitive to all temperatures . i think that must mean that all ntps must be super sensitive to temperature , right ? oh wait except i know some ntps that are ... i heard your terrible fe doesn't allow you to feel very many things , let alone recognize the things you do occasionally feel . life as a robot must be pretty boring . too bad you can't cuddle math or ... i know a few entps that are terrible people that feel no remorse , so i think all entps are likely to not feel any remorse . that's how it works , right ? aww yeah , faulty inductive reasoning . really ... i've heard that some entps don't like cats , and i love cats . i love cats so much . i have stuffed cat toys all over my room and i metaphorically pee myself with joy every time a cat shows up . other ... it all depends on who i'm talking to and the situation and all that stuff . with teachers or authority figures that i respect ( they totally exist , strangely enough ) , i stare them down so it looks ... i don't discriminate , i hate all temperaments equally . just kidding , you're all beautiful . : 3 except nts . those guys are crazy overly-logical robotic jerks . jake from adventure time . he seems pretty entp to me . i wanna be best friends with mal reynolds from firefly , if that counts . that sounds more like scooby doo than firefly now ! haha . hmm , i wonder if my friends and i could do that without all of us going crazy and killing each other . i think it could work , except it ... my family immigrated to american from russia when i was 7 . my dad is intp and my mom is entj , and they had very few problems adapting compared to other russians that came here at about the same time ... i'd think that ne-dominants would be really good at public speaking since they'd be able to use ne to seamlessly connect one idea to the next . also , they tend to be pretty enthusiastic about most ... my only infp friend makes me feel awesome . she's one of the few people i can hang out with when i'm sad and not want to jump off a bridge from blocked off bad feelings because she's so understanding ... i'm too much of a stereotypical , cookie-cutter entp for me to think that i'm anything else . earlier i thought i could be entj or enfp for a bit , hence the reason i joined this site in the first ... one time i was taking the train back home . i didn't realize i had arrived at my station at the end of the line until the doors were closed and i couldn't get out , even though there was an ... '