' edit : accidental double post of the previous post . ehh it's my birthday . just another work day so not really doing anything special . might have a drink tonight though . starting to get the hang of this algebra thing . slowly .. slowly . thank goodness khan academy exists . i talked with my academic advisor yesterday . if all goes to plan i'll be transferring to a ... i like his videos and like many others he was one of the first youtubers i watched when introduced to mbti years back . in all honesty i think my biggest problem with his videos is he talks so very ... well thank you ^ ^ i will admit it is kind of nice . i very much enjoy dressing up when i go out haha . my partner is a pastel goth but i like looking sharp and dark , so we contrast well . i ... this is going to sound a lot more vain than i want but its an odd thing . so i'm not used to being perceived as attractive , but that is something that has happened a bit since my weight loss . when ... currently in the associate phase but working towards a bachelors in psychology . the dream is to go all the way to ph . d or psy . d and become a licensed psychologist . many years of school ahead of me ... you know you're an intj when you have an entj friend who works a low end position at your job and you're like i could transform you into greatness . * my birthday is coming up * * family * so , as usual we're going out to dinner . you pi - * me * the nice sushi place . * them * but that's what you wanted last year .. and the year bef - * me * the ... girlfriend and i got invited to a private club this coming friday in the city . private as in , invite / sponsor only and what happens there stays there kind of thing . no cameras allowed and no ... sitting alone in the house , a drink in hand . the ni disconnect is strong tonight . at this level i have to ponder if it is healthy . is it a borderline ni fi loop ? what effects do these times ... on top of pursuing my degree i am quite interested in taking a certification class in experience design . i honestly think it would support a psychology degree well and i think i would be really ... well the interesting thing about the actual mbti is while it does have high reliability scores it is generally meant to be taken with a practitioner such as myself who can explain the results . the ... i scored intj , which matches my type . not a bad test , a very modernized attempt with a clear and thorough understanding of functions and their relation to the dichotomies . the choice system is ... green girl there is actually an mbti tool designed specifically for children called the mmtic which is officially endorsed by capt . the person who created this tool was my instructor at my mbti ... oh that's really cool i didn't know you had a ms in psych . i'm just starting my journey , year two of college so i'll have my associates at the end of spring next year . i'm aiming all the way for ... i love when people try to question that i'm a psych major ( pre major technically ) who supports the mbti . yes , please tell me more about your extended five minute google research on the mbti and ... kissed my girlfriend last night and i got snagged on her lip ring and it pulled out far and bent . it's steel . poor thing was bleeding and crying . we laughed about it this morning though , no ... went out and enjoyed the eclipse today . where i live it was about a ninety percent eclipse . a unuiqe experience . oh boy .. what .. a .. night . the girlfriend and i went to a local bar she likes , i wanted to cheer her up so i went out despite not liking it too much . we were out very late , had a lot of drinks , ... just curious as to what the favorite songs of other intjs are / why they are your favorite . mine is gravity of you by starset . https://youtu.be/sV-6ROmgZys this song really resonates with ... i found an iphone someone had left behind / lost today and the wallpaper of it said $ 100 reward for the return of this phone , please call ... if found at first i was narrow eyed like ... that's ... nipnip said it well , it is first and foremost about energy and the preferred direction and expression of it . a lot of people associate extroversion and introversion with being social vs not being ... went to visit my dad today , and i introduced mbti to him and we sat and talked preferences . by the end we had agreed his type of best fit was esfj , which made a lot of sense to me . hes not ... i think at some point in my life i want to write a book focused on mbti . one day maybe , one day . still much more to learn . i'm so full of pizza . it hurts . need ... tums ... x . x i never thought he was an intj in all honesty but i respected his channel non the less https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KOhXwpeTFy4 what in the actual hell . this blew my mind , this guy used to make fantastic videos . he deleted all of his stuff and goes on a crazy ramble in this ... adam ruins everything did a video on mbti and its one of the weakest arguments i've ever seen haha . shame he'll be spreading misinformation . actually the - real - mbti has a ton of backing . very high validity scores ( . 90 +1-1 ) and high reliability scores as well . most people who argue against it argue against fake mbti . while we disagree ... finished the last of my finals for my summer semester . despite stressing the past few weeks about it i did just fine . starting friday i'm taking five paid days off from work to allow my brain and ... to me it seems like a lgbt section would just further separate / compartmentalize a group of people who are constantly struggling to have their ideas and beliefs normalized in everyday life . it becomes ... i've never struggled with relationships , i'm just very picky with partners . i'm quick to help someone in need if i think they really need help . i don't keep my house organized all the time . it ... i'm really struggling with communicating my ni in my relationship without hurting feelings or being misunderstood . it sounds so pompous but it's really annoying to be able to predict how things ... i am not referring to the authenticity value of fi , which can be demeaning to fe users . i know a fair amount of enfjs , my partner and three in my secondary circle of friends . i do not speak for ... after my enfj girlfriend and i got together a little over a year ago i spent many months attempting to go out with her to bars and the occasional club . she loves the social aspect of it all , she ... intj . my closest friends are infp and intp . my romantic partner is enfj and i have a lot of enfj acquaintances as well . mm no but one could say that a very mature intj and infj might be easily confused . also very important to note that emotions and being an f as well as thoughts and being a t are not exactly the ... i experience long sprees of regular sleep paralysis , more specifically hypnagogic hallucinations . they occur multiple times a night for weeks to months at a time , then i go weeks to months with zero ... man mbti and understanding others communication styles has such a big impact on my life . at work for over 2 years i've worked 7-4 . recently they tried to change me to 9-6 . the head manager where i ... one thing we must remember is that ni isn't thinking really , ni is perceiving . one of the best people to explain ni was carl jung himself . in his descriptions he states that ni is no different ... jungs work really was phenomenal . i was re reading some of psychological types , attempting to do some research on ni as a secondary or tertiary function and as i was reading about dominant ni a few ... my gf and i had a disagreement , i was kind of mad at her over something . she comes home with cinnamon rolls . * sigh * she is a master at exploiting my weakness for food i would never buy for ... for me personally , my avatar usually follows whatever aesthetic theme i'm big into at the moment , which generally changes every few years . for many years i've enjoyed the aesthetic of grim ... despite being someone trained in mbti , who even teaches it , i have to remind myself that ts can just be overall nice people haha . even though i know with all certainty i'm an intj i've always ... hey there , ill do my best to clarify ~ while realistic is not directly the opposite of abstract , intuitive types are often far less concerned with whether an idea they have is realistic or not . the ... moved to the correct sub forum . i saw a line , not even a special quote , in my history textbook and i thought i would share . as a mbti practitioner who believes in the importance of all types and functions it stood out to me . it ... in mbti types as a whole are only generally referred to when speaking about how an individual acts in a healthy state of mind , unless referring to the inferior grip state . a few ways to look at ... i've been gone for awhile because i've been taking these summer classes and they are a lot of work haha . taking a break from it all tonight and going to a one time showing of the black butler : book ... '