' kaliflower i can't help but feel as though the idealism is as much of an escape as anything else ! there is so horribly much wrong with this world . you live in corporate america . it's enough to ... i want to offer some advice , but mind you , it's only stuff that has helped me . if you can , apply it as you see fit ! before all of this , though , i would like to offer you a heartfelt apology on ... i think that an ideal first date really depends on the person you're dating . and i don't think it has as much to do with type as we might think ! i , for one , think it would be really thrilling to ... well , it's about time that i answer this . sorry it was so belated ! they do understand me , though i find that they can understand certain aspects at the expense of overlooking others . i believe it ... angularvelocity liked my p'ness statement . i can't stop laughing . my ex killed my sex drive , now the concept of being close to people sucks . i've only enjoyed kissing 3 men in my life . sucks to be a 6 ! thank you , intj . move along . ;P ( more interested in dissecting the test in terms of individual applicability than for its accuracy in the scientific field / what it was intended for , and using it to ... before i knew anything about cognitive function theory and suck , and without accounting for enneagram , within the last 4 years of studying typology it's been ... at first , enfj > infj > enfp > ... you guys are so silly ! fine - i'll ask more questions , since no one ever answers the jimmies i rustled already . >:P bleh ! pucca dug muchaparadox - thank you , guys . also , your results were all ... snapple hush , i had a moment . of being . an enfp . hug me ? ... i have no words . ken , how the hell are you oscillating between infj and enfp . either you have retarded fe or your ne needs some tender love ... also , my manana brad getcher own ! intj's that i've crushed on have had the following abilities ; - take what i think , feel and articulate and rearrange it to make linear , logical sense . for that matter , i take what i am and they ... lol this thread . * watches carefully * : 3 ( it's been 10 minutes and i can't stop giggling , seriously infj's what the living eff . i have this theory that dominant fe / ni males sweat more often ... once upon a time , mama snapple got squirrely and over thought life . the end . <3 oh , sure ! you know ... chocolate turtles ... turtle soup ... turtleneck nerds ~ <3 ( delicacy , really . ) the real question is ... why's my dinner on the loose ! ? i always assumed i had add , but never gave a shit beyond it because i sure as fug ain't takin ' no damn drugs . :| ne is kind of like a psychological add facet anyways , if you want to simplify it ... just an amusing thought , there shouldn't be any right or wrong answer . though a few tests exist out there , i took this one that i found to be the most succinct and rewarding , and cutely a college ... it all depends on the size of your pness . har . har . :| * slowly munches her banana bread * a fellow enfp ! join the goombas , go ! <3 welcome to perc , i'm sure you'll love your stay . ( you intj's you ) i'm thrilled to hear all about the dynamics between you and the esfp , it sounds like it could be amazing or a nightmare ! ( never ... recon 777 - i had no expectations in asking for your advice , and always seem to find myself surprised and glad that i made contact . thank you - so - much for taking the time and consideration to offer ... i am in such a silly bind at the moment , most of it is controlling the impulses i have towards a particular intj and i'm not sure exactly as to where they stem . your relation and advice , at least ... i think that it might be more fi . ne is part of what allows you to take things as they come , because it's exploration and indulgence of that sense to the utmost degree . fi values that sense and ... in short , yes . in long , yes . so , basically , yes . :D when i like someone , i patiently wait around for them unbeknownst to them . i then proceed to tirelessly engage them for hours and ... i am very much like freebeer , i don't get overtly emotional over arguments or in general , though i may have used to when i was younger and more attached to my ideology as a whole . instead , i shut ... that also falls in line with anxiety disorders and intrusive thought disorder . i remember once , when i was 15 , i was terrified that i was going to snap my boyfriends neck in his sleep if i hugged ... it's just something i've been increasingly cognizant of lately , and i feel like my own paranoia and anxiety over it ( after it being brought to light ) has been blowing it up . i looked to myself , ... freebeer - hilariously , this came about as i was approached by a hurt infj friend that i was not reading his journals and thus did not care . that fe , yo . this guy can ramble on about social ... my own mother is an intj , and probably one of the coolest people i have ever met . since i was a child , she has accepted me as my own person and since i turned 18 and was legally independent from ... i'm reading through journals and wondering why they bore me . i scan paragraph after paragraph , looking for my name or a way in which they can apply to me as a person , outside of someone else's open ... vertigo 12314 jesuschrist-that-is-horrifying-ow-my-sides ! ! ! lol . well , thank you very much for the advice , the exchange and the insight . i'm beyond happy and grateful . i like your approach , it's ... vertigo 12314 don't go giving me too much hope , now ! i'm gonna be crushed if it's not possible , and i end up fallin ' for him and eventually have to land on my face . worst fear is that i'll push ... ... yea , i wanna sleep with him too , though . * pounce ! * : kitteh : this made me lose my shit laughing , thank you . once again , i couldn't agree with you more . though i must say , him and i aren't even a couple . i'm just a terribly meddle-some , crushing enfp in ... sheilou - i think so , too ! i've meaning to give my own answers to this thread , but it feels very bonding and amazing to be in the company of so many who have the same baseline for operation , who feel ... thank you , princessofthenight ! psh , i don't think i can subscribe to too little or too much input - you bothered to give some and that means a lot to me ! :D i try to be encouraging and outgoing ... for the tl ;D r users - take the title of this thread , then put it in a box with the bolded questions and make sense of it - ne can do it , i believe in you ! pre-face , gotta love that word . so ... i ... procrastinate sleeping , going out with friends - i just learned how to solve my problems . i just don't bother anymore . ( or rather , haven't for two weeks now . meh . ) god , that movie . i dunno , there's only two people in my life that didn't apply to , but once i'm settled , i start to grass is greener and the escapism begins and i can't stick with it . i love ... i was supposed to go work out tonight . i didn't . lol . i've completely abandon friendships for super embarrassing shit before , i just .. nope . gone . also , lol ... poor guy , xd i was arguing that i find the approach faulty in that it is because we're intuitive feelers . i think that , universally speaking , what benefits ourselves and others is the most logical approach to ... i'm gonna echo what another user said in a thread similar to this in an infj thread i read a while ago - all people are manipulative . how we do it , irrelevant . we manipulate our surroundings , ... :| i keep reading between question lines and worrying that i'm coming across as a sensor - if there was a really don't care button , i'd have mashed it half the time , lol . hrm . i totally relate to what you're saying , in my own scheme of things ... ( also slightly unrelated is no one seems to really grasp the energy that i write with - i get patronized a lot , which bugs ... why are you drinking at ... 11:30 am . ( before that , even . ) D: yeah , i dunno ... ken 07 i don't have a good relationship with any esfj's that i know , except two . there's that guy i mentioned , though i tend to think he's enfj still , too idealistic and able to ... dalton : v quack quack ! yeah , you rock that duck ! ahem , that being said , thanks guys ! i wasn't meaning to come across torn up or bleeding out , but none the less i appreciate all of the ... '