' ti - ni - te - ne - se - si - fi - fe if we consider the above order of cognitive functions it seems like your se is higher than your fi , which is a very hard case for an intj since se it's the ... as you said , personality types are related to functions , so if you are already sure your main functions are ne ( you focus on future possibilities based on something existing ) and fi ( you strive for ... that's interesting ... could you please explain why do you think so ? my twin brother - who's supposed to be intj - loves cats : they're one of the few things on earth that make him loose and playful , as much as his enfp girlfriend . ooh , please more , more ! ! ! : laughing : i think i get it ... can you tell me something else about tertiary ni ? how does it work in istps ? i examined the type , ti function is ok , but i think there's something wrong with the se function , the function related to awareness of the physical environment and the present moment : i don't feel ... ok , thank you , i'll go examining in depth this type : wink : i'm sorry i'm not even sure it's the right word to express what i meant , i find it difficult to explain ... i'm fascinated by human nature , but then i've always been confused by how twisted people ... first of all , thank you for your replies : happy : ... and you're right , my answers weren't very precise ... so : 1 ) this is why lot of people find me curious : i've learned a lot of new things ... i think i had all the mbti online tests out of the web , but i'm still uncertain . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , ... infp ! the cat lover type | oddly developed types well , this is only about cats , but usually someone who doesn't like cats or dogs doesn't bother about animals at all ( in my experience ) . poor you ! i'm lucky my parents aren't so interested about my feelings , and even if they were interested , my handwriting is impossible for them to understand what i've written ! : laughing : haven't you ... letters never sent , poetry , short stories , philosophies of life ... i feel like your texts are certainly creative and insightful . i'm so envious you can write poems ! : blushed : i'm sure this would make ... don't worry , i'm sure doodling journals exist ! :p roud : i had the same problem , but for now i don't care about any kind of error , i just write . so are you saying i'm not the only one who writes so much until my wrist hurt ? this is reassuring for me ! ... lucky you ! : crazy : welcome ! : crazy : the difference is based on the auxiliary function , is it extroverted sensing ( se ) or extroverted intuition ( ne ) ? i don't know if you took cognitive functions test ... ( source : ... my eyes ! 57998 not such a good photo , but at least my beautiful glasses are clear . i'm a graduate accountant-computer programmer and i was the best in my classroom in math ; during written exams i used to finish mine first and finish also the one of the near sitting classmate , which ... i'm so glad to see you want to start drawing again ! it's all the same to me . when i was a child i used to spend whole days drawing . during elementary school i drew cartoon characters for all my ... i always wanted to become a cartoonist because i love both drawing and creating inspirational stories and characters . thank you , maybe i'm gonna understand them better and fix my relationships with them in the future ! hello there , i can't feel connected to any family member so i decided to get to know them better ; all my brothers took the test so i know their personality type , but i'm still confused about my ... interesting , very interesting ! : happy : thank you for the suggestion , i'll try to follow your instructions , hoping i will start recording my dreams too ! welcome ! : happy : that's the phylosophy of writing a journal : write on it only if you need it . i used to write a lot in my personal journal when i was at school because there were so many people to watch and so ... thank you for the idea , i like it ! : wink : the same for me ! journals are perfect for venting negative feelings , especially those you don't want to tell to anyone else . a dream journal ! i used to keep one too , it's a pity i can't remember my dreams anymore ! dreams sometimes are revealing ... do you usually write down what you think they mean too ? or just record them ? ... i have bad memory too , in fact when i read my old journals ( which are already burnt , if you want to know ) at times i thought that happened to me ? is it my handwriting ? so it seems ... : blushed : exactly ! : laughing : actually , i prefer writing on a personal diary which will magically disappear from my drawer once i die . : laughing : esfp ! 54 % extroverted , 51 % sensing , 46 % thinking , 65 % perceiving today i decided to keep a personal journal because i noticed that when i used to write one i was more self-aware and serene , i found it therapeutic , and i also decided to write my thoughts on a handy ... welcome to personality cafe ! i'm sure you will soon discover your mbti type too , there are so many threads about ti and fi differences here to discover if you are intp or infp ! try to read the you ... welcome to personality cafe , fellow infp ! : wink : my favorite subjects in middle school were art , music , foreign languages ( in italy is english ) , math and i . t . , all in the same way =) in high school were math , i . t . and foreign languages ( because it ... infp and intp both hate conflict . both use ne ( extroverted intuition ) , which means you see possibilities as you gain information , all balanced with si , based on past experiences . the processing of ... sei un po ' deluso di non essere l'unico ? ? : laughing : ciao andrea ! : laughing : benvenuto ! ! sono contenta che ci sia un altro infp italiano su perc ! hello andrea ! : laughing : welcome ! ! i'm happy there is a new italian infp on perc ! you know you are an infp when a friend of yours asks you what are you thinking about ? because you are silent and then you reply , as it was the most obvious thing in the world , i'm not thinking ... the same for me ! happy 12-12- 12 to everyone ! : laughing : i always suffered from low self-esteem because i have never been very confident with my relationships so that i've always thought i was unhelpful and unworthy ; i think your experience had helped me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?gl=IT&hl=it&v=VYu2EnCG2Ww my native language is italian , i have studied basic english since i was 6 but i'm not really sure i can speak it fluently , and studied french for two years , but i remember nothing about it : laughing : welcome to perc ! : happy : welcome to perc ! welcome ! '