' breadfish.co.uk intj female here ... my so is an isfj . do we get along ? yes . do we love each other ? unconditionally . how are communications ? very open . he loves listening to me think . ( if i'm thinking ... i know i am , but that's just me . in a committed relationship with an isfj here . i don't know about the rest of you intj's , but i tend to be an impatient driver , getting irratated at every flaw made by other drivers on the road . if someone is going 5 under , i tend to get ... i totally agree with you here . my boyfriend is an isfj , and we get along beautifully . it really depends on the person . conservative roman catholic . yep . only with so . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7IZNfGEcFk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJYxCSXjhLI i laughed so hard at this ... i'm sorry if somebody already posted this - i'm too lazy at the moment to check . so here goes . i got reserved idealist . confidence 58 openness 22 extroversion 4 it doesn't sound like you're losing yourself to me . you're just playing your audience . you as an intj have a pretty good grasp of your mental state , so writing something like this shouldn't affect ... awww cute kitty ! this destroyed a friendship i had a few years ago with an esfj . she would say things that would mean to be read into , whereas i took what she said for face value . and then she would get upset ... * vet * farm help * dog trainer * secondary education teacher ( math or english ) melancholy choleric 7 sanguine , 50 melancholy , 43 choleric , 36 phlegmatic three of my friends are intp's . one of them is a girl . so yes , they do exist . :) one of my friends just had me take a political compass test . i found it very interesting , and wanted to see where you all found yourselves to be . go here to take the test : the political compass ... oh god no ! https://encrypted-tbn1.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRAfYrjSqXpw3nz1n7VccbcWSIqHgKZW1D5XPCYZuuJVRauBAml i hail from a military family who moved every 2-3 years . i personally looked forward to moving , but the rest of the family did not . i looked forward to it because after a while the people would start ... 27,800 words . yeah . the whole situation doesn't sound healthy to me . don't try to force the friendship just because you have always been friends . people grow apart as they get older ; it's just a part of life . # 1 - she's fifteen years old . almost everyone is immature at that age . don't worry too much about it . # 2 - what makes you think she is an intj ? the paranoia with you judging her doesn't seem ... i ocassionaly eavesdrop , if it sounds interesting , but otherwise i tune them out . i never chime in , though . urwhatuthink - chill out . you are getting angry and acting nasty over nothing . it doesn't matter what marshmellow moo or anybody else thinks or believes . nobody cares what you think , so don't flip ... no , i like to sit near the side in the front row . that's the place for me . best of both worlds , i guess . sanari - i also like the robot cashiers . ( although it absolutely pains me when the ... oh , so now we are unimportant and do not exist . i see how it is . we're not real people on the other end of the computer typing these words ... we're just computers ... you'd be lucky if any of ... what ? ! ? ! ? ! do you have any idea where you are ? ! ? ! https://encrypted-tbn0.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQWzLgrlhtIhyyNoR6Mosz1ZtjptbPNZhwBwcdNW7ANi2efE66x ok . fine . do what you want . humph . : wink : you know you're an introvert when you don't feel bad for the forever alone meme . stop this bickering ! how about the op take a few more tests from other sites and get back to us and take a look at some of the other threads that have inquirings on the whereabouts of intj women ... i find conversing with the same gender very uncomfortable . i feel like that they are scrutinizing every move i make - i don't like it at all . as for males , however , i can easily turn it on and come ... you know you're still on an intj board ... haha ! no , he wasn't ! i even made him a list of things that i deemed unaceptable and that if he didn't try to amend his wrongdoings , then i would break it off with him . :) is that bad ? :p http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_gsI-ZvAXA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKYn4ACAd7s haha ... i have a chocolate lab and a black lab . :) um ... i found it very hard to read him . he was an enfj , i think . he was just very hot and cold , or i would sometimes describe him as like a ... # 1 - i like all animals . i currently have 2 dogs and 3 hermit crabs . # 2 - my old boyfriend was an f . notice i said old ... my cousin just caught a gator ! ( got ' em with the bangstick ! ) he's makin himself a vest out of the hide ... well , he did say that he had rose-colored glasses on ... if you think you've typed an intj girl , you really haven't . but try a library , or someone studying in a coffee shop , if you're really interested . i can't say this for all intj's , because i have ... i was homeschooled for all four years of high school after going to school in middle school . i did all of my school on my own in my room - i loved it , needless to say . i was not the awkward ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNkp4QF3we8 one suggestion - you could make all of them take a personality test and then take the time to discuss eachother's type . they will probably come to ... i space out all the time .. driving , reading , tv , class , piano ... you name it . i think that i am the only person in my family that can go on a seven hour car drive without using my ipod because i just ... nononono ! things are probably getting a little rocky with his girlfriend right now , that's all . ( because nothing that comes on that fast really lasts ) he probably wants to get you back into the ... true , true ... yeah ... that happens from time to time ... i can't really say it is certain type of person , though . it is just a vibe that i get and i listen to - i think it happens when the person is being genuine , ... you got me . : tongue : um ... maybe the miscommunication is coming from poor sentence structures ... grammar is only meant to help make communication easier and to convey thoughts clearly . ( just sayin ' ... ) if you want ... 27 go figure ... ( we should make the other types take the test - that would be interesting ... ) ok , so there's this lady in one of my classes who will not shut up . she is always talking to someone in a really fast high-pitched voice . she talks to the girl next to her . after class , she checks ... get him the book , or the biscuts , like hoom said . be careful about something sendimental ... stuff like that usually makes me uncomfortable and pressures me into never throwing it away until a few ... '