' i used to commute every day on a major east-west freeway that runs across the us . every day i would have a powerful urge to not take my exit , and just drive on and on , away from everyone and ... who is alex ? and why does it matter if he is here or not ? unless you are alex , and if you are not preoccupied with yourself , you are free to connect with the world ? sounds very buddhist . if i want attention , and am ignored , i don't like it . if i want to be left alone , and am ignored , it's all good . if i'm feeling insecure , i want to be ignored and paid attention to at the same ... i get like that sometimes . for me it is closely connected with fatigue and stress . often it is after i have been forced to do a whole bunch of fussy , detail oriented tasks . for me it helps to ... it's like picking at a scab . it hurts , and you know it is a bad idea , but it is also sort of interesting . also , it can turn into a habit , a kind of brain worm . you are so used to thinking about a ... i'm on the opposite end of the spectrum . i have a very visual memory and imagination . i remember where i left something by picturing the room ; i remember conversations by picturing the person and ... shelved in the camping section : how to sleep in a prius c plan that trip ! or , you'll never need to sleep in a prius again putting up a tent , and other practical jokes campfire cooking : ... the problem with vacations is that they end . i just got going on my own stuff , now i have to drop that and do my employer's stuff . and i don't want to . this is well-intentioned , but you are getting push back here because your post implies that women usually are in charge of cooking , and that for a man to do it is somehow an extra special treat . ... i use them both , a lot . you have already pointed out the advantages of ebooks . advantages of print books : - sensory satisfaction . the smooth cover , the feel of turning the page , the row of ... sounds frustrating . i get along pretty well with my istj coworker . one thing we are alike in - we are both happy to give advice , but neither of us like getting it . if he starts talking about his ... i love getting rid of stuff , but there are a couple of categories that are harder : cookbooks . ebooks are fine for most things , but i like a paper cookbook that i can make notes on while cooking . ... te tells me how to do it . fi tells me whether i should do it . i met my husband during spring break at college . we both went on a canoe trip to a swamp . stay away from loud bars and popular hangouts . try the quiet places . hurray ! my vacation starts tomorrow ! i was planning to go hiking in some mountains , but then i checked the weather conditions this morning . they are on fire . so that is not such a good plan .   ... yes , of course . i assumed that approach , which is pretty naive of me . tips for men , women , neanderthals , precocious children : to open a jar : rap the side of the lid with a blunt table knife first to loosen the seal . if that doesn't work , slip the end of the knife ... i would tell him , even if it meant he never wanted to talk to me again . he needs to know that his father is dying , that this is his last chance to talk to him . maybe he'll choose not to go see him ... you have just described my life with frightening accuracy . i was also confused , hence the condescending lecture . my husband excels at many things , but clothes hangers seem to baffle him . i don't know why . digging through the sock pile : a memoir make procrastination work for you ! the art of disappearing at a party no more road trips : how to get along with in-laws ask any 14 year old anywhere . the answer is yes for nearly everybody . i agree with others . if he says he likes it , believe him . if he starts to seem uncomfortable or defensive , tone it down . i personally would have a hard time with receiving your missives , ... this is one of the reasons i think mbti might be legit , or at least on the right track . my three sons are each incredibly different from each other , and were so from day 1 . i don't believe that our ... i don't understand android phones . where does the android come in ? it was very disappointing when my androidless android phone arrived . false advertising . the big bang . but apparently time and space didn't exist until afterwards , so that won't work . i'd like to go back to 1979 and eat breakfast with my sister and warn her not to ride her bike to ... i spent most of this very hot day reading excerpts from everyday conversations , and now i want to post something witty , insightful , or at least mildly interesting or relevant . i tried making ... my own pet theory is that fe and fi will always be in conflict . i think human beings evolved these behaviors to serve opposing needs . fe is for our need to function together , as a group . humans ... here's another : done with work , walk across the parking lot to my black toyota prius . open the door , that's funny , it isn't locked . notice someone sitting in the passenger seat . me : what ... me ( in a condescending yet helpful voice ): here's a better way to hang up your shirts . it's hard to get the hanger out of the closet if the hook opening is facing toward you . see , always put the ... yes , there are a bunch of threads on this . i'm much more familiar with enfjs than infjs - there are quite a few in my life . i agree with you about which group is easier to understand . in general , i ... no . it seems like everyone has their own criteria for what is appealing , and i am baffled by the early relationship stew of flirtation / jokiness / vulnerability / sex / romance / pseudo aggression . i gave up ... i figured out a long time ago that i would never completely fit in , and i kind of like it . i have more freedom to quietly go my own way and make my own choices . i'm too independent , too lazy , and ... psychopaths , serial killers , autistic , socially incompetent , oblivious , selfish . maybe you should move . nope . i have been called stoic , cold , controlled , aloof , calm , standoffish , quiet , a loner , probably some more that i forget . i give off that vibe to strangers and to people i dislike or ... i'm married to an enfj . we've had some communication challenges , but have found ways to make it work . to understand enfjs you have to keep in mind that they are oriented to their community . ... - - - was anybody here raised in more sensoric environment ? how did it affected your personality ? my family was a mix , so i grew up used to both styles . i am usually more at ease with n users , ... i'm not making excuses and i don't eat the fucking cookie . i eat almost no sugar . i stopped because although my weight is normal , i am at high risk for type ii diabetes . my sugar habit has all the ... for some of us , it's actually not easy to quit sugar . it's incredibly hard . it feels like an addiction . if i eat one cookie , i just want another and another and when they are all gone i think ... i had the exact same argument ! i was on the put the soup in the refrigerator right away side . my isfj friend insisted that you have to let the soup cool down first - she wasn't sure why , though ... reading his books , ti is clearly in the forefront . he is fascinated with theory , and with building a structure for understanding how people think . plus , he often talks about his inferior , ... i am so sorry that happened to you , lilysocks . i feel your pain , totally . you too , trippedonreality . if you have any pain , i mean . and don't we all ? life is so hard . we are all so ... enfj : my life is a failure . why aren't i more of a success ? nobody looks up to me , nobody takes me seriously . intj : what does it matter what they think ? proceeds to give a long ... maybe he is an intp , and i'm glad you are trying to understand him . that's really the goal in all this . but please don't base that on what people said here . we have next to no information about ... i agree that you don't give off an intj vibe . your writing style feels wrong for it . intjs are pretty consistent in using short paragraphs , lots of examples , and often start off by asking a ... i like organizing my desk , cleaning out a cupboard , checking things off on to do list . if i'm feeling angry , frustrated , or powerless , i will clean out a closet . it makes me feel in control and like ... yes ! i don't know what to make of it . suddenly they are transformed into a normal , non-scary person ! but sometimes i miss the monstery makeup face , because i have gradually gotten used to it . those sound like entertaining crepes ! i always stab mine with a fork ; think of the fun i have missed ! and napoleptic here's a trick for getting the pitas to reliably expand and form pockets : ... camels spit . i read somewhere that strong eye contact indicates hostility or sexual / romantic interest , and i think that's about right . watch people and you'll notice that most people don't hold a gaze for more ... '