' always ! i have no memory . legit . not really . i'm usually too busy taking things in . but if i'm in the right mood and around the right people and we're talking about something interesting , i can be extremely talkative . easiest to befriend for me have always been 6s and 9s . i connect well with 4s and 5s , but 9s have a general easygoing and relaxed nature about them that i find very attractive . i was bullied by this tall boy in 1st grade . my dad taught me how to hit . i waited and then punched him in the stomach the second he opened his mouth . he cried and it was glorious . thing is , i ... probably . i'm a lesbian , though , so my sexual interest in such man did not exist . my best friend growing up was an infj , but i never felt anything past platonic friendship for her . as far as ... don't be jelly . yes , although i always have 8373899 4 possibilities in mind depending on various factors , so being right is satisfying , but if i'm ever caught off guard i get ridiculously turned on . when legit nothing offends you 99 % of what you do can be explained by i wanted to see what would happen your iphone can autocorrect any response to lol i'll pick their brain . for hours . it's fucking sexy i stg . entp , english . i started out in voice performance , but i was too lazy . bluechristmas 06 - thank you , bb ! you're a sweetheart . i had bestfriend in the summer of 2006 , but a round of antibiotics knocked it out . ( i have friends who are closer to me , but it's been a while since i've used the term best . ) sure , why not ? that seems reasonable . i don't want to bring a child into the world because my family's genes are terrible ( a lot of mental illness ) , so the possibility of that happening outweighs the potential ... 3w4 - 6w5 - 8w9 sp / so your type is unknown to me , so yes , fits perfectly . i see that enfp down dere http://cdn2.gurl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/howyoudoin.gif i'm more familiar with enneagram than mbti , but that all sounds more like cp 6 than 4 . i'd say cp 6w5 or 6w7 , hard to tell the wing from the information given . welcome to perc ! i would also encourage you to fill out the survey . it gives others more information and you will get additional feedback on your typing . don't reply to that thread with your ... welcome to perc ! take a look around and make yourself at home . the infp forum is a quite friendly place . welcome to perc ! please do not hesitate to ask any questions . it might seem overwhelming at first , but the best thing is just to jump in . congrats on 5,000 ! like the others said , i think it's possible to use functions that are inferior , or even those that aren't in your stacking . offline : intp , esfp , intj , istj online : enfp , esfp , all of the above . https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2013-12/enhanced/webdr02/11/15/anigif_enhanced-buzz-28431-1386792324-7.gif i don't pretend to be detached . sometimes i have to pretend to care when people tell me their problems . if i'm close with someone , i don't have to pretend to be anything . i just care .   ... ghostbusters if i can read someone too easily , i tend to get bored . i'm married to an istj and she still manages to mystify me , which keeps things from getting stale . not saying it's like that in your ... it doesn't literally change your type to ask him to emote more . this is situational and you can't compare it to what you've known in the past ; that doesn't make sense , because this is a new person ... i'm married to an stj and she worries about everything under the sun . i worry about nothing . it's good , in a way , because i help calm her down and have a realistic perspective about what is and isn't ... i really don't get the ew feelings thing that nts always portray . you want him to emote more . that is a feeling . tell him so . no . i wouldn't accuse him of something . you don't really know for ... i have an intp best friend and we are like this . i can say that i do suppress emotions , because i don't like being influenced by them , and i don't trust them , so i don't know how you can get him ... someone becomes attractive to me if we have good conversation , especially if they make me laugh . this is integral . any type , if healthy , can make good friends . it also depends on your own type . i tend to be good friends with 6s and 9s . i'm not sure why . other 4s are overwhelming to me ; i have my own shit going ... http://i.imgur.com/ZCDOzpr.gif i identify with some elements of fi , although i've recently realized just how similar fi and ti are , and i've reconsidered my affiliation with fi as actually being more in line with ti . i'm also ... i chose my avatar because it fit my username . i chose my username because an old friend always said i looked like a porcelain doll . ariel + oscar wilde . you win . your quest will not be an easy one , but i look forward to the public effort . https://media.giphy.com/media/7aEZIA33X06Va/giphy.gif woot ! congrats . i need someone who challenges me . it's enticing to meet someone you don't immediately understand , or who presents an idea you haven't thought of . when i crush on someone , i isolate them and then talk ... i'm female , entp . i've dated a female , intj . the mental connection was very intense . she was extremely intelligent , but had a difficult time reading people . when she tried to manipulate ... there are some stories i read that i don't want to end . usually the ending makes sense and is satisfying , even if it ends badly . another good example . short stories are impressive to me , because the author has limited time to create a well-constructed story that makes sense and somehow impacts the reader . welcome to perc ! take a look around and don't be hesitant to jump in . welcome to perc ! you will definitely find like-minded people here . welcome to perc ! retro shows are the best . i have all the are you afraid of the dark on dvd . i love it . welcome to perc ! i hope you enjoy the forum . we have some interesting discussions around here . i fucking love this story . ten points . fitzgerald and hemingway write very well constructed short stories . hills like white elephants , bernice bobs her hair , and so on . '