' hugo reyes ( lost ) 85873 yes , but i'm not only a infp . i have low self-esteem and anxiety . i can not enjoy who i am . isfp , entj and istj 1 . music 2 . swimming 3 . art :) my mum is isfp . we understand each other at the level of sensitivity and emotion . we argue at the level of work , organization and activity . my brother is intp . we understand each other at the ... yep , im the puppet master ... im dr jekyll and mr hyde ... im hulk and bruce banner . please help me . what is the best gift for esfj ? i need a visionary with a beautiful and strong ne . i like enfj's and enfp's ;) i love dw : * 1000/10 ;) describe three things that you would take to a desert island . 1 . book 2 . diary 3 . pencil yes , i think i'll die of hunger . ;) yesterday . i watched beauty and the beast . nice to meet you . i have a friend who watches a movie with me and draws attention to the background of the stage instead of the main stock . commenting nice curtains , furniture , clothing the main characters . :/ she ... gregory house is not enfp . he is a strong i and t and j . hi . apparently , personality is inherited.if parents are introverts , their child will also be an introvert . but my parents are j and me and my brother p . how is this possible ? because robert is infp . ;P it's ok . your opinion is precious . ;) yep , carlisle for sure . not because of his looks , but because of his goodness . carlisle cullen ^ v ^ ( enfj by the way ) this is me . ;p when someone puts you in a situation that undermines your morality . then you can not pull yourself together , you cry and you think you're a monster . if you had to describe yourself in one word . what word it would be ? lady diana 47693 św . jan paweł ii 47694 thx . :) i also do not like them . ;) but i try to live in peace with them since i crushed one . i suffered a long time after that . ;( when you're doing research experiment by observing the behavior of a spider on your balcony . you throw him a seed and jump for joy when he removes the grain from the web . ;) i do not want to open a new thread , because i do not think it is necessary . i would like to know . why did you choose this avatar that you have ? do you wanted to show what is important to you ? ... what are the names of these characters ? unfortunately i do not know them . :) sweet kitty ! ! ! : kitteh : thx . ;) when you have amazing dreams and remember them when you wake up . then a long time thinking of them and come to the conclusion that they represent your deepest desires and you were not conscious of ... alfie is enfj ? o no . i do not like alfie . ; ( how is it possible that he is enfj ? ;( ;( ;( thank you . you let me understand my brother after 24 years . ;) now i know that he is amazing ! ! : * i have a new mission : to help him achieve his brilliant ideas . ;) is that lucy from narnia ? oh , thank you . : cool : sweet dance mr . cafebot . ;) i forgot to introduce myself . ;) hi all . my name is dorothy . but i do not live in kansas . ;) my gingerbread house is located in the beautiful poland , which lies in the heart of europe . i'm ... oops ... sorry . i think i have a different sense of humor . ;) this is a stereotype . i hate to be sad . but infp feelings are extreme . we feel sadness and joy all very deeply . the pain often leads to depression and joy often turns into ecstasy . it's just that ... that's not true . ;) i'm not sad all the time . not like a ken-doll , but like a candle . ;p i love to read books , absorb the information , create , walk and think , listen to music , dance , write , sing . but most of all i like to sleep and dream . ;) i would like to know ... how i could get to know nice enfj , since we like to be in completely different places . when you can easily create a cool idea for a story and do not keep up with the writing on the keyboard , because the words and images swirling in your head . a enfj vampire couple :) esme & carlisle cullen 47390 i wanted to be a singer and teacher . ;) i am 27 years old . i feel like i was 17 . ;) '