' just because i think / act differently than you , it doesn't mean that either of us are wrong . calling me dramatic or overemotional is not helping you win me over . that i can't just automatically flip a switch and trust you just because you're forcing me to pet peeves in general : disrespect for others , entitled attitudes ( expecting to get something from someone without earning it or giving back ) , gossip ( especially in the workplace ) , using / taking the ... ice skating might be fun for a winter-time date , it could be an activity you learn together or one that you could teach each other . i'm a sucker for activities that create bonding or fun memories . i deactivated mine last spring and i don't miss it . it just became overwhelming at times , and it seemed like most of the people i knew were merely trying to one up each other , and would make up ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zRSSfw97XY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cvnk_DSUq3E https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20CTa043IA what's on my playlist today . kajada , thought you'd ... that's seriously one of my favorite go to songs ! it's actually one of the few i can replay multiple times without getting irritated . that's exactly what's beginning to terrify me . i've grown and matured and just because he may be jealous or feel that he missed out doesn't mean that it's my problem . i'm not compromising on these ... i think you discovered the levels of my thinking pattern regarding all this . first , i tried to figure out where he was coming from and what his pattern of thinking may be different from mine and ... isfp and started out in early childhood education , then switched to legal studies . received an associate's as a paralegal . working at an accounting office and a group leader in an elementary level ... ferroequinologist & ajaz it feels like textbook narcissism right ? when i first started this thread , i thought i was the one that did something wrong by having boundaries , but now as this thread ... you and i are on that same plane of confusion . he won't even give me a straight answer when i ask him directly . he's said he doesn't know , or tells me that i should know or that it's something i ... in communicating , i've suggested compromising , i've tried suggesting that he approach me differently and explained how i am when it comes to logic / emotion . he immediately took it the wrong way and ... i'll have to look up that blog . i've read about healthy boundaries and i agree fully with what you've said . i didn't fully trust him yet when he started digging at me . i don't know what spurred it , ... it's nice to hear your perspective as a different personality type . i really understand what you're saying and during the beginning of all of this , i truly didn't mind telling him about my past and ... kajada we must have grown up in the same era . lol some of those are my go-to songs as well . i always said that bb and tdg need to tour together , would be the best concert ever ! i also love ... i keep seeing that phrase thrown around on here . i really need to look it up to find out what it means and determine if i've been in one or am getting myself into one . kajada you realize i'm going to be blasting that in my car at some point today ? i'm totally a 90 ' s brat too , been listening to a ton of goo goo dolls and matchbox 20 lately . i have to throw in a ... i wouldn't worry about that . i've never seen any of that type of red flag from him , but i'm sensing more emotional manipulation and narcissism . i'm literally on the edge of fight or flight , and ... been so hyperemotional lately . zoning out any time i have a quiet moment and stressing out the rest of the time . just want some peace and quiet alone instead of catering to everyone around me . that's the conclusion i'm getting at too . i've tried everything from my side to repair what trust may have been broken but i'm starting to realize that i was focusing on the wrong problem . i'm ... ferroequinologist exactly . as soon as i open up , this is what happens to me . even though he claims not to judge my past mistakes , he's trying to take advantage of what he now knows . ( even after i ... ferroequinologist & ajaz we talked again last night and i discovered that he's jealous of my past because i lived out some of the things that he's always wanted to . he's upset because i didn't feel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJa2Pc1ufjI ferroequinologist & ajaz you guys are probably right . especially about the checking out without blame thing . it crossed my mind at one point too , him trying to look like the victim or something . i ... lol , i was just agreeing with you about how most of the cars are riced out . i wasn't saying these two in particular were . i'm just partial to mazda and nissan . : wink : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JZRBVaAJF0 what i'm listening to currently . i love acoustic versions of songs .   ... 632154  6321 62 definitely riced out but i'd still take either of these or a gtr . only time i can listen to any f & f soundtrack music is when i'm driving . what sucks the most is that when we're good , we're great . but it's like ever since he started digging for dirt , it's gone downhill way too quickly and i don't think it has much to do with what i told ... first , i loved the tokyo drift soundtrack ! lol and the paint color affecting the horsepower ? hahahaha ! ! ! totally reminds me of those people that put the stick on vents and cheap park bench spoilers ... thanks to everyone for their insight . i just feel at a loss now , wondering if he really wanted to get to know me or try to knock me down a few pegs . : sad : ultio well , i spent the weekend trying to talk to him and he flat out told me that he didn't care about my emotional ties to the things i had done or that my emotions guide me . pretty much ... i used to play nfs underground 1 & 2 all the time . carbon was okay too but never played the most wanted series . i think a lot of the time , i deal with conflicting emotions . kind of like the head / heart playing tug of war . sometimes it's more than one emotion at a time which gets overwhelming , like i'm drowning ... the red spirit great , you've reawakened my urge to play nfs now . : smiley-cool 13 : ajaz like i said , i was rebelling in my youth because i didn't like having to fit into a box . i felt like i was different in a sense and was sick of everything being planned and structured for me ... ferroequinologist what you've said has resonated with me on a core level . i'm one of those that got good grades in school because i simply memorized the important answers or the discussion points ... as an isfp , one of our main problems is that we fear criticizing or hurting others . so it's extremely tough for me to confront any issues that i have without the crippling fear that he'll get angry ... ajaz i'm not saying i disagree with you . i believe in being honest too . however , when do the questions cross the line and become invasive ? i can give a rounded number to the amount of people that ... you totally get me ! this is exactly what i've been experiencing internally throughout this entire ordeal . i really just want to be accepted and feel fully loved , especially since i started peeling ... it isn't that i don't want to communicate with him , it's more along the lines that he seems only interested in the facts and logic of what i've revealed but refuses to discuss further when i tell him ... i can definitely see what you're getting at . strangely , compromise comes easily to me in all other aspects of my life , but this is like being a fish out of water . maybe if i can persuade him to read ... i really think i do , even though i've never been fully diagnosed . doctors tend to think my diagnosis is tilted more towards depression than anxiety and i don't agree , nor do i like antidepressants . ... i was reading about the asking / sharing theory before and i can see where it fits in here . i think directed at me , he's more of an asker but he has already volunteered information without my asking or ... as a child , my favorites consisted of disney movies of course . : smile-new : i also remember the disney channel original movies that they showed on the weekends . as an adolescent , i started getting ... i'm new to the forum , but have been typed as an isfp as long as i can remember . the main reason i decided to join and post on the forum is the hope that maybe i can get some much needed insight into ... '