' yes and no ... i mean , i don't need my friends , family and everyone to express how much they love me because i might it find tedious and i would feel obligated to say the same things back to them ... wow ! simply wow ! you just opened my eyes to an amazing truth about that ! as my auxiliary function is ni , its really easy for to feel love / hate .. and as you said , it's something that is not visible ... i have dated twice two completely different isfjs ( i'm currently in a relationship with one ) and you guys so different from us ! sometimes i watch my boyfriend lead by his strong si do all the ... i think it's my fault somehow .. one day we had a fight ( as usual trigger by my need of getting in arguments ) and i mentioned him with sarcasm that i wish to love myself so much that my home ... please dear isfps help us out to figure this out . is it because you guys feel that its your home , your secret place and no one should enter ? i would tend to believe that this is more of a st behavior ... i was nervously laughing and shivering while reading your answer .. i'm running in the same situation right now .. we both live alone and there is no human way to convince him to invite me over ... wow ! first of all , thank all of you for taking your time reading this and responding to me ! my life is about patterns , i have a very strong te and dealing with the unknown is hard .. everyone's the ... ohh ! how hard that is for us ! ! you have no idea how much i suffer because of that .. i tend to believe ( and most entjs ) that we need to lead people to solve their issues and be part of the process ... < a wild and confused entj has appeared > i used to secretly believe that i had control of everything around me : my life , my family and my friends . i was too afraid to love someone because chances ... this is almost as if you done copy and paste of my thoughts .. if i'm around quiet people i'm quite chatty , and if they are the loud ones i become awkwardly quiet . * the enfj walks out of the intj forum and swears to never post anything else in here that's just rude ! umm you guys are just taking your stereotypes and tossing them up ! well i know intjs and yes you guys can be harsh and wish to be like the guy from terminator 4 , half human and half ... oh i see the light ! and i like it ! i originally placed the same question to the infj forum but i think due to the issues that i have intj best suites me . i know , i know , is not the type of the thing that you can choose .. it's not ... the one thing i hate the most about our kind the nf is that we are full of dreams and hopes . we just wait for someone especial that will be different from everybody else and will truly love and ... well thank you for understanding me ! well although i'm an enfj i can be very shy in normal basis .. and sure let's change personalities for a week ;) the heck we are not perfect ! and ... and i thought i was going to get this shiny email saying welcome to our family , the infj embraces you like one of our own :( @ everyone : i don't think is a matter that due to low self-esteem ... i know , i know , is not the type of the thing that you can choose .. it's not like going to cafe and ask for a bagel and a change of personality . but i seriously need to become an infj .. why ? well ... ohh no ! ! ! it hit me too ! < still full with guilt > hi gretalbear ! i have to admit that i suck confronting people .. and this is a trend that i see in us .. if you are irritated , come up with an original plan to embarrass them . for example leave this huge note in the ... that's the number one thing that people says that i need to change .. i get the hey , stop taking things so seriously comment at least twice a week . i have a hard time specially with ti / ne users ... i think if an enfj is present , he will wait for everyone to color the fish .. he would help the undecided and then after seeing everyone's work , he would go to the teacher and give her a 5 minute ... i have had several issues with people getting too close to me .. so i created this 5 level trust , on which i place friends in their respective categories . i do this because i used to believe and trust ... true ! i find myself shifting gears constantly with my emotions as day passes by .. being a chameleon is great , most of the time .. but people tend to find that sooner or later . the win-win situations ... well is just that it's very easy for us to look nice and people tend to believe what we say .. the combination of fe / ni is dangerous and we know how to move things around for our benefit . in our ... what ! ! we barely show up in movies ! ! mal - enfj well finally an enfj is portrait in a movie as the bad guy ( or woman ) .. we are usually are the bad guys but no one has find that out yet .. i love inception , the whole deal about multiple ... since i had no idea what a cylon is ( sorry i'm too young ); it's pretty accurate wikipedia's description about intjs ;) cylon ( battlestar galactica ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia in contrast ... it's easy : intj = a robot that live among us and computes emotions entjs = a human being who wants to be a robot . well i don't hate you guys as much as i hate the istjs .. those are the wicked one ! ! ;) i'm kidding , you guys are amazing ! ( sometimes .. just as any other type ) how to make an enfj happy .. umm i don't think you need to do much , but here is a bunch of tips that you can do to drive an enfj crazy .. in the good sense : - hug the enfj has much as you can , and ... as a word of advise , try writing or im him instead of a full confrontation . it just gives us more time to analyze what you are saying and what to do .. i'm really bad if someone comes up to me and ... i couldn't help to feel identified with your boyfriend in a way . when i become unhealthy that's how i act : i don't let people know what i feel ; i manipulate people to open up so i can examine their ... i voluntarily take the position of king of the island ;) we ( enfjs ) are the soft leaders and we can make everyone be forced to be happy not true :( we usually talk a lot only if we know that's going to cheer up the entire group .. ohh , and if there is a new person in a group , he will probably be welcome and introduced to everyone by ... from my point of view fe is the ability to make decisions based on a rational and subjective matter focusing on people . fe is automatic for us , i feel like explaining to someone what's the smell of ... tough question ! well i have had several issues with istj and estjs . i don't think i would ever want my wife to be an xstj .. we have inverse dominant / auxiliary functions te / si against fe / ni .. not that ... lol .. i really laugh out loud .. and its even harder for men to embrace the feeler side and step away from the logical-macho-man thinker position . dad : istp mom : estj oldest sis : estp second oldest sis : estj me : enfj youngest brother : estp it sucked for me being the only nf at home .. my mom and my second oldest sister were always to ... i know how that feels .. times which you want to escape from something and you just don't know what that is .. fe / ni combined are very tricky .. remember that your intuition's duty is to help your fe ... this is part of monster by skillet : my secret side i keep hid under lock and key i keep it caged but i can't control it ' cause if i let him out he'll tear me up , break me down why won't ... i can relate for some reason to this story ... this is something that happens to me and many other enfjs : once a relationship is considered as over , there is no coming back . i think this happens ... disorder your score major depression : slight dysthymia : very slight bipolar disorder : very slight cyclothymia : slight-moderate s easonal affective disorder : very slight postpartum ... runescribe you sure know how to express yourself ! about ni , as my auxiliary function , i find it hard to describe but i relay on it everyday .. i know that it happens , when suddenly i stop deciding ... actually at work , the engineer that gets the most number of good surveys from customers and has the best customer service is an intj .. it's weird , he's not that social with others but when he's ... good question ! ! i think it is , because being so different from my colleges makes me stand out for good ( and many times for bad ) .. in the end what an enfj what is seeking is companionship and to have ... i agree with you , i don't get angry , i'll probably become resentful because someone just tried to hurt my fe .. i withdraw and i imagine what would be like if that person would get a heart attack or a ... no hugs = no enfj :( i think hugs represent to us a way that you feel very close to someone .. we just love to give hugs .. i was a victim of the please-no-more-hugs policy once and that relationship ... if an enfj really likes you , she / he will be intimidated .. the enfj will act funny and will start firing these awkward signals ... we are normally emotional people and love is a huge topic in our lives ... ni just happens .. if i sense that there is a situation on which my fe feels that there is something wrong , my ni ( information gathering ) begins to work .. it sucks having fe first , because we would ... '