' yeah , that's sort of what i'm thinking too and that's what's making me feel like i need to keep my distance a bit because it's messing with my head ( and heart ) ... but i also have this nagging thought ... to not want what i want so badly avoiding having to go to sleep even though i'm exhausted your personality type is : infj preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) very clear introversion : 20/21 very clear intuition : 26/26 clear feeling : 21/24 very ... i don't think i've ever tested as something other than infj , but when i was a teenager i was definitely drawn more to the infp type because that's how i wanted to see myself at the time . didn't take ... i think i've come to terms with alot of quirks in my personality because of mbti and i've come to appreciate things that used to make me feel like an wierdo . now that i understand myself better i can ... so i'm in this complicated impossible love situation with an entp who is very close and dear to me . he's in a relationship so we've decided to keep things on a friendship level only between us even ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p62rfWxs6a8 infj reading , music and concerts , netflix , politics and international relations , discussing interesting topics , healthy food and excercise , geocaching bellybuttons freak me out ! i get the creeps right now just thinking about it ... i don ’ t wanna worry bout nothin for a while , i just wanna play around livin ’ like a child with old tunes jammin on my walkman , and some sour patch kids and a coke can . * hugs for anyone who's not feeling their best today * <3 i feel hungover and a bit tired , but generally at peace and relaxed today . mystikro : kent ! are you from sweden ? jens lekman - black cab https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpgkG4TIyvE my best friend is an esfp and i really like how she's always able to draw me out of my shell and make me feel comfortable around others and with being myself . i think i tend to gravitade towards ... in both real life and online i tend to be very reserved until i feel i've gotten a good enough read on the other person to judge weather it's ok to open up more . i don't know if it's accurate or not , ... estp ? the doctor 370506 hermione granger 370522 amelie poulain 370530 infj 1 : james vincent mcmorrow 2 : devendra banhart 3 : the lumineers 4 : the head and the heart 5 : beach house 6 : sharon van etten 7 : edward sharpe & the magnetic zeros 8: youngblood hawke i'm an infj and i work with vegan foods and retail . i would say my occupation is almost too perfectly matched with my type , i almost feel like a cliché . for me , it's the perfect combination of ideals ... yes ! being misunderstood like that is my least favorite thing ever ! i know i come across as cold to people who don't really know me , and it's such a shame because that's always the opposite from the ... i think as infjs we're so used to seeing through people quickly and intuitively understanding them so easily that we sometimes assume that they also have the same understanding of us . i'm definitely ... i would like to say that i don't really have any limits ( except of course for a lower limit of 18 ) , because i don't really want to limit myself by setting a specific number . i so think it's important ... i can definitely act and come across very differently in certain situations compared to others , but to me that's just on the surface and i feel like that's mostly just different expressions of my ... wow , i'm also into stuff i like ! we have so much in common ! : tongue : hi there ! this is random , i like it ! : th_woot : i don't care about what you think ! i've been thinking alot about the feeling function lately and i've been trying to make sense of my own relation to fe and fi . one of the things that i find really interesting is how infjs and infps ... infj female most : enfj , entp , isfj least : estp , infp , estj completely arbitrary , of course ! vision i feel sad for them . everybody were children once and i tend to think alot about the awful things that must have happened to certain people in their lives to shape them into the people they are and ... type : infj religious beliefs : atheist i went through a period of spirituality and agnosticism when i was younger and i definitely understand the allure of faith and belief . i settled surely ... maker of helmets i really appreciate that you took the time to formulate such a well thought out answer , so thank you ! alot of what you say really resonates with me and i think you have some good ... bored and restless . i feel like i need to do something to make this day count and i come up with nothing . not a romantic question here , but i would like to know if anyone can give me som tips or insights in how to deal with infj / entp personality clashes ? i have a colleague ( entp ) who i've been ... 1q84 by haruki murakami . it is long , you guys ( but good ) . hi ! thats great , i'm glad you've had good experiences . i definitely try my best to be a good person , but i don't know how much of that is related to type rather than person . i guess the definition ... meeting new people : 5 . i can often come across as extroverted with people who doesn't know me and i can share personal things without backlash . with people you know but well : 9 . i'm really careful ... it's very unusual so whenever it happens i get really excited and want to dig deeper and know everything about the other person to see if we're compatible on other levels too . and it feels like we're ... based on your posts , what do you believe are some of your most common go-to words or phrases ? > i haven't made that many posts yet , but i guess ' definitely ' is a word i tend to over use assuming ... i definitely think you're right about everything your saying here and i also think it's key to really try to figure out what it is you really want from life rather than what society says is the ... well , as an infj i've struggled alot with feeling misunderstood and like noone really gets me so reading discussions from people who think like me and relate to situations in similar ways to me etc ... yeah , i definitely feel like alot of my main issues with my own personality is often related to things that are very specific to the infj type . maybe thats the reason why they're such issues to begin ... it's been great ! it's cool to see people asking the same questions that's been on my mind for years and i'm really excited for more discussions in a context of deeper understanding :) thanks ! ... elusive , curious , diplomatic , loyal , silly i don't like how extremely difficult it is for me to let people in and i wish i didn't always hold back so much when someone is trying to get to know the real me . i don't like that i often come ... we are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful about what we pretend to be . - vonnegut my moms home made cinnamon buns :) nice to meet you too ! yes , i know . i'm sure one of these days the olives and i will reach an understanding . but today is not that day ! thank you , and yes , it's absolutely fantastic ! thanks , i will check it out ! '