' i'm pretty sure it has something to do with the illuminati . apparently , there are ice walls on the earth that are so high [ sheer ] that they are the ones that cause the shade period , or night . funny , ... thanks . you are right but i wish it can be that easy . a couple of years ago , my team had one of its worst seasons ever . hardly any one in the team was making any real effort , several key players ... many of their members have hundreds or even thousands of posts and seem rather passionate in a non-trolling sense . i doubt they are trolling but if they are , it must be the most elaborate trolling ... flat earth faq - please read ! ' nuff said . : shocked : i do play sports but i really hate myself for supporting a football team . letting events that you cannot possibly control affect your mood is just irrational and yet i do it week in week out . even a ... that is not typical behaviour . it is not behaviour that is expected of people . that is why these people are heroes . most people will not jump on that grenade . already played : deus ex human revolution dead island dragon age 2 dlc : mark of felicia day to play ( must play ): orcs must die ! heroes of might and magic 6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLfzajmZ5LQ you have to watch the video to get the whole context though . also watch : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W96AJ0ChboU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ7J7UjsRqg you are annoyingly right . ( not exactly but that's how i like to interpret it : tongue :) wow . and i thought it was only for storm of swords . when i saw that both halves of storm were selling at 20 sgd ( at a bookstore ) , i took my copy from my bag and ranted loudly to a friend who was with ... absentminded at least you can avoid them by not going into the stores . i get harassed by credit card / insurance / bank loan salesmen every single time i am even remotely near a train station . damn them ... not in my country . i was a little taken aback by the retail price of the hardback version ( 59 sgd ) , nearly 4 times as much as a new paperback copy of affc ( 16 sgd ) i bought from a second hand ... take your pick http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPl_kpwyAyA i have to laugh . this describes my experience with fb to a t . i know i've touched a nerve when people respond to every post except mine . lol i hated the labs . i was always screwing something up . cs is awesome yeah ! thank goodness i have some semblance of self-discipline left in my last 2 years . my friends at that time moved on to the ... complete isolation is impossible for me , seeing that i have work , neighbours and friends around the neighbourhood . but long gaming / video editing / video viewing marathons can keep me in near isolation ... just finished ' a feast for crows . ' can't wait for ... nooo ! ! ! there is no paperback version of ' a dance with dragons ' ! what am i going to do with my life ? so it is true what many of us have heard . http://rlv.zcache.com/they_exist_2_tshirt-p235478609567049108fhs1k_325.jpg this is only for people i'd usually avoid at all costs . hi . hi , i'd like to stay and chat but i'm meeting a friend and i'm already late . your number hasn't changed right ? ( i think i still ... university education was a rude awakening for me . i found that i couldn't get away with frequently missing lectures and merely relying on lecture notes like i did in pre-u . i found many of the ... i have a sure win formula in sports betting ( * ) . but i neither have the guts , conviction nor greed to carry it out . i hate gambling not because of any superior moral sense but because the cons far ... it is hard to pin down an accurate definition of humility without bringing in a host of other qualities . it'd appear that your definition of being humble includes being respectful , insightful , ... estimated frequencies of types - capt.org frequency of personality types by population & gender data of the first statistic is restricted to the united states population and the second ... i get very nervous when i have to give a formal oral presentation , where i have to deliver a fixed number of key points within a given time frame ( mainly because i almost never formally rehearse my ... find a balance ( it's different for everyone ) and don't worry if the point shifts as you grow older . i used to be ostensibly sociable ( faking it more ) but also secretly misanthropic ( maybe too strong ... i just made a few posts on facebook praising steve jobs but attacking apple . made a few more enemies . yay ! i can't imagine how anyone would ... ( play video games , watch anime , read philosophy , not believe in whatever i believe in , have a different opinion from mine ) sorry , but you have a poor ... some aspects of wu wei ( my interpretation ) based on what little i've read avoid meaningless actions and pointless striving einstein : insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and ... i love creating . my interests range from sketching , web & multimedia design to video editing . there were plenty of opportunities for me to flex my creative muscles when i was still in university ... this happens to me sometimes , when i read . it's really freaky . i know the word . i know it's spelled the way it's supposed to be spelt . but for some reason , the word just seems so alien to me ; like ... i'd normally just shrug an illness like flu or common cold off but something like indigestion or gastric flu can really taken me down and when it does , i'm pretty much a zombie . i wouldn't feel like ... i probably shouldn't derail this thread any more but since this is a confession thread , here goes . my analogy was probably weak and just talking about video / pictorial evidence as required proofs may ... agreed . the utilitarian part of me struggles with this argument ( that overall happiness is increased after all - he is giving them what they want ) . but ultimately , i feel that any happiness or peace ... no . it wasn't enough for me . i'm not so skeptical that i need video or pictorial evidence for everything i read . otherwise , i would have to doubt almost everything reported in the papers . i believe ... jennywocky i know you said you cannot comment on real psychic experience , but do you think psychics who claim to possess the ability to communicate with the dead are frauds ? you seem to allude to ... i knew someone was going to say that . : ninja : perhaps what counts as a psychic prediction / experience is mostly the result of very astute deductive reasoning ( intps are good at this ) . other ... we are accidents that happened , each with an infinitesimal likelihood of occurring . but we happened anyway . we are all so lucky to be even alive . consider : - millions of sperms racing one ... if unregulated , physician assisted suicide could open a can of worms . i'm not a fan of the whole slippery slope argument but i can see how it can be open to abuse . patients could be hasty in their ... http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/69398-phrases-you-never-want-hear-again-5.html yes . but that would just be its just deserts . : unsure : when i realised that people generally - value group conformity over individual expression - are obsessed with things i don't care about and vice versa - are more concerned about results ... the explanation may work better with visual aids , like a tree trunk on wheels blowing off steam . then he could have said next time , you guys will create this , but with metal . : wink : ... i'll admit it . it was an excuse to post that video . it's just so epic ! exactly . she was a wasted opportunity , in my opinion . didn't bring much to the comic relief department either . and you liked teru ? this guy ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x6RA3xJYuA i like it ! i think you'll like ronald jenkees . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWutAX3CQcE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UvzD4gZnw4 prompted by you , i found this link : science and the bible : does the bible contradict scientific principles ? what can be said about those verses is that they do not contradict science ; hardly ... i see . i didn't think you were looking for that kind of response since you have already listed your motivations to do well ; and they look like pretty good motivations to me . i know you have very ... l for me , for reasons everyone has already mentioned , and especially after how he was portrayed in the live-action movies . light is obviously hard to relate to , morally speaking but his character is ... '