' yes yes ! xd i think i'd chose this power over any other . i would love to travel from the past to the future , slow time down and play around by switching things a bit in certain situations . sometimes ... talking to animals and slowing down time ! hell yes ! those are awesome .. i want those powers too ! slowing down time is perfect for enfps :D my guess is that if they were tidy , clean and organized they would have a much stronger j . i am neither of those things xd . lol i personally don't see much of a trend with zodiac signs and mbti types . i am an aquarius pisces cusp .. leaning much more towards aquarius ( feb 16 ) , cap moon , scorpio ascending and i am an enfp ... wow ! i can't read minds , but i'm good at sensing how others are feeling . close enough ? :p hahaha im guessing i am an enfp that cannot read minds :( invisibility is awesome , but i would want to be able to go through walls and stuff too by choice .. not like a ghost lol agreed ! she is wonderful , and yes i've been following her for quite a while now , she is definitely an enfp :p thought some of you younger enfps might like this video - inner beauty make-up tutorial . its just simply brilliant and its not only for women . don't let the make-up tutorial in the title fool ... i waited for my letter till i was about 13 - 14 ! i still had hopes up that there was a high school version of hogwarts . yes , i would love to be invisible too ! no restrictions and i can do ... lol i do try to move things with my hands too ! and i keep failing xd and i would pick teleportation too , i would do anything to be by the beach at the moment . i've always wanted to fly too .. but i ... wow , thats a really good question ! maybe you should post this on the baby boomer forum , i'm sure some of them might have had parents / grandparents who they would have considered to be enfps who ... interesting question ! this is super easy for me . i would loose my ethnicity . personally i am not at all religious but i am becoming more and more spiritual . i am a third culture kid and i ... are you as delusional as me and grew up thinking that you were born to be some sort of superhero ? if you could have any one ( or more ) superpower [ s ] , what would it be and why ? : wink : yes this too , contributes to my personally switches in my case :p i'm not just a or b , sometimes theres a c and d too xd most of the time it depends who i'm with or the day i'm having , or even how much sleep i've gotten . i wouldn't call it split personality ... story of my life . taking 5 hours to do a 10 minute task because i get so distracted . if its not physical then its mental . haaha it does rhyme ! xd and yes ! who am i fooling - that's me when i think about reality . i detest the mundane things in life .. i don't know how long i can survive following society's rigid ... very true ! ;D this sounds exactly like me ! and i worry about the same thing too ! i just thought about this . often times , when i give people a motivational speech , it is indirectly inspiring me in a way . so i ... story of my life ! and thats why i'm sooo sleep deprived :( aww :( sometimes i go through this too , but more recently i've been able to control my idealistic ideas around the sjs , tjs just to avoid looking stupid / naive . maybe because i often felt hurt as a ... typical enfps for going off topic :p there are plenty of girls out there who are not into the cocky macho man , and yes , she will be pretty awesome ;) yes , go enfps ! a lot of ... this post is quite interesting , i'm only 20 so i don't have my lifelong experience to give input . would love to hear about what these older enfps have observed though . thats funny , i was quite different as a child . as a child i was not as curious , i was a lot more observant from afar , although i still remained very intuitive . in class for the most part i paid ... respect . exactly why i love enfp guys ! :) i mean how much more true to yourself can you be ! the whole issue with masculinity and femininity is so outdated , it should be updated to being human , with ... hahaha i love how you refer to a realistic person as an obedient slave xd . i completely agree with it . nfps = hope . without the balance of kindness , values , morals , and our out of the box views , ... yes ! people do underestimate us . i feel that although we are genuine for the most bit , but there are two sides of us . on the surface we are trusting , random , have crazy ideas , oblivious ( i've been ... being an enfp is like hope for the world . if it weren't for us , and other nfs , there would probably not be much balance in the world . some things i dislike about being an enfp include : - ... i think that fear is by all means one of life's greatest obstacles . nothing is stronger than the mind . for us enfps , its our ' amazing ' ability to over think and over analyse everything that creates ... completely agree with this ! as soon as i shut up and listen to someone's issues , i feel like inspiration just pours out of my mouth , and it comes out so naturally , almost like it is instinctive and ... hahah so spot on , i've been doing that throughout this whole thread xd not sure if its only me , but whenever i read the news ( which i do often ) , if the story about a negative situation ( e . g . more poaching for ivory ) , i always connect with the story too emotionally and ... '