' correction * they went through all trouble * to become a dish and all that -> * and ended up ( irrespective of their will ) a dish i feel sorry for anchovies .. i shouldn't have written this post .. please delete this thread for me words of encouragement , understanding would go a very long way ! tell her that it's gonna be ok , and she can do it ! being connected to the zeitgeist , the way you naturally are .. being connected , being exposed to , sharing consciousness , thoughts , feelings with more people makes you feel incredibly alive and expanded i dig your avatar though , nice colours and textures .. that owl has an interesting pupil and i like the fabric of the clothes that woman's wearing .. all very nice balance i found myself being relatively straightforward when it comes to everyday ins and outs : i'm pretty practical about what i eat , wear , own and so on .. i prefer not to own anything valuable much because ... it's more of a mutually stimulating pattern than mutually understanding , but it can be beneficial if both manage to find some common ground or understandings : - 0 didn't do it for me in the end ... not so long ago , i came to realisation about who i had a sort of casual relationship / fling with and slight crush on turned out to be a complete full-blown sociopath / psychopath with a lot of criminal ... when something becomes a sort of job , it becomes a completely different story doesn't it ? i wonder if the right discipline can allow one to maintain such passion when i was younger , i never quite understood when people said things like , i'm discovering myself with acting , i'm finding out who i am through golf , but not so long ago i started to realise ... as i'm getting older , i want to get more things done , and i'm realising that it requires a lot of both physical and emotional sacrifice to get anything valuable done . to find balance in this ... as i mentioned in my previous posts , i've always had some sort of pattern when it comes to interacting with intps within a general group setting , whenever should i come into contact with them ... taureans have very friendly , easy-going , no-fuss but at once genuine , content personality imho although , i'm a virgo here 1 . yep .. 2 . several times .. 3 . cowardice to physical pain .. 4 . can't think of a specific way to do so ? but my cowardice will remain pretty much the same i guess ? korea manipulation denial cover up irony double meaning pretention mediocrity insensitivity hierarchy when other people admire you ... it is like chocolate and the more i get used to that the smaller the chocolate becomes over time and i crave more of those chocolates and eventually there comes a ... my ni is malfunctioning at the mo .. bringing together all the bad memories and projecting it onto future possibilities :( so i am eating snacks ... do i feel more ? do i think more ? do i feel what i think ? do i think what i feel ? either way life is a big fat bastard well , i like reading into evolutionism for entertainment or with an intention to see what causes my emotional disturbances or to see if there is anything that could help pinpoint and solve it ? kind ... i'd probably be a deranged male servant who confuses himself to be a princess .. sort of > _ < ! when do you find yourself most shameful ? me , when my most basic , primitive human need is somehow exposed to someone else .. i don't know why but even after when i have a nice meal in a decent place ... so let's talk science .. ( or whatever .. ) i am sort of interested in this multiverse idea which i somehow learned from some books or documentaries .. and was wondering is this multiverse idea real ... truth can be both just sensory , physical and it can be emotional also i think depending on what the target is emotional truths can vary from person to person say a certain situation can be ... pros - it's sort of fun allowing me to type in whatever unique thought or phrase pops up in my head - i can reunite with old friends - i can look into fragments from many different interesting lives ... also i like the sort of out of focus qualities that infj's have when we talk .. because we disengage from this current world to either our past or future - something of a different dimension .. sort of ... wow , i too am also hsp and hss ! additionally i happen to be a hbp ( highly bitchy person ) as well ... i wish i were asexual : - 0 then i would focus on things that matter more ... and not swim my ass off in the puddle of emotional turmoil o_o barrrggg ! god i so relate to that not only do they get stuck in my head shameful memories , embarrassment , angst , unfairness ... griefs .. guilt .. blah blah .. crappish ironies of the past suddenly pops up in my ... oh .. im sorry .. i thought mine turned out pearshape but it's not it is apparently incomplete wabbly jittery hexagonal shape : - 0 i was expecting life to turn out to be round and round circle shape and it turns out to be more sort of pear shaped ... now , should i take some risks and try to make it circle or enjoy the pear for ... i envy you , seriously ! i no longer want to be slaved to my fickle fickle difficult intense feelings > _ < the muscles around my mouth becomes tense and my tongue tends to stick out nuit detoiles by debussy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSA1looyqQk le lilas by debussy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV0IpUIHI1I fleur des bles by debussy ... extreme emotive yearning evasive passionate i'm an only child , my dad passed away quite early , and have single parent my mother has been like a saint , extremely sacrificing ... it's impossible to describe the infinite love my mother has given ... this is very true also ! although due to this tendency i have a lot of problem with the especially chaotic surrounding of where i live ( seoul , south korea ! blerg ! very crowded and chaotic ! and full ... very true , i see ... there are times when i cant concentrate at all should this structure be compromised .. mental and emotional focus collapse so easily .. these processes are so hierarchical rather ... lol sort of true lol and i am completely doomed because 1 im an introvert 2 im sensitive 3 sort of odd one 4 gay 5 korean 6 attracted to only certain specfic types of intp with certain ... lol i love this kind of reaction from intp lol it turns me on lol ( am i some sort of literary-masochist ? lol ) another thing i want to specify is that so when you follow your head , do you ... do you follow your heart more or head more ? and when / what is the sign / on which occasions ... that you have to follow either one of them ? i either implode or explode :'( especially if i feel momentarily tied down or anything do you follow your heart more or head more ? and when / what is the sign / on which occasions ... that you have to follow either one of them ? lol lol i totally smell mine too : - 0 ! ! i take my earpicks when i go out and i go out 3am at night to buy a bar of twix when i see a blue neon sign and if the weather is cold i feel euphoric : - 0 i like folding clothes , shirts , panties , ... i have to align objects in a very neat geometric fashion when i do this i feel like i am in control and also my mental processes are much more intact , my consciousness and mind is sharper and ... hehe monorail sounds nice .. personally i prefer the plain one to dangling ( or suspended one ) one .. but the idea of getting on a monorail and to see the beautiful sceneries .. and to look forward to ... very true .. certain creativity shifts troublesome contexts whereas escapism tends to mask them in a shallow sense to deal with things straight on and still be able to survive and at once have ... monorail maybe ? i always have these kinds of big questions why the hell am i alive at all ? what is the ultimate origin of all the bullshit and stuff thats happening ? what does it really mean to be here ? what ... '