' i get it whenever i'm navigating the site too . turning on an adblocker does remove this issue though , so it does seem to be a rogue advertisement . hack ' n slash and the android game human resource machine are some good starting places to learn a little bit about coding and algorithms while playing a game . same . i turned off my adblocker and i've been encountering the same issue maybe , at least a little bit . usually i just go to sleep in the knowledge that this feeling will pass . i wonder why someone who doesn't like polls would answer a poll on whether they like polls . try using an adblocker to see if it's an advertisement that's trying to redirect you to another page . if so , it would be helpful if you could identify the advertisement and mention it here , so ... congratulations ! however , i find being an adult to be a lot less careless than being a student . maybe i'm doing something wrong ( or maybe i was doing something right ) . https://hugelolcdn.com/i/468797.png https://hugelolcdn.com/i/467404.png http://s3.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/6/2/4/630624_v1.jpg i could respond affirmatively on all of your questions . this might make the definition of the word supremacy somewhat trivial , but it also shows that a certain degree of supremacy is considered ... this is probably the biggest reason i never liked mmo's . not so much the subpar gameplay or graphics , but i never had anyone i could play with . the few times i started playing the same time as one or ... yes , i do refer to the land . while the country of the us might be founded by european settlers , it was founded on the same land as existing countries . i would say thinking you have more right to ... this ( combined ) argument implies that the white man has a stronger claim to the country of the us than the native americans . the culture of the native americans is just as much a historical relic ... could you provide an argument for white nationalism that doesn't involve white supremacy ? does the variety of the possible effects of global warming over several years really surprise you , considering the inaccuracy of weather men trying to predict local weather 5 days in advance ? solving a particularly interesting problem . learning something interesting . outwitting someone in a ( strategy ) game . the moment i master something i've spent a while trying . doing well during a ... i don't see how white nationalism in the us isn't the same as white supremacy . how else would you argue that people from other ethnic backgrounds should not be allowed to live in the us , including ... i agree that the struggle between nationalists and globalists is a pressing modern issue . i think the world will slowly globalize , but in a two steps forward , one step back way . there will be ... i saw someone headbutt into a punch once on tv , which hurt the puncher and didn't really do anything to the headbutter , and since then i've always wondered how well that would work in real life . you ... for me deleting the last sent message fixed it . yes . yes , but be able to back it up in a way that convinces the people that hold these believes . not me . i doubt it's going to affect me any time soon . it depends on the onion : https://foodsafety.wisc.edu/business_food/files/Approximate_pH.pdf seems to me like you have a few options available : 1 ) talk to him about it . figure out whether he is planning to remain committed to his girlfriend . 2 ) get over him . 3 ) start a romantic ... nix the aliens - - nasa space telescopes provide an answer to enduring mystery of tabby's ' megastructure ' star ( video ) - the daily galaxy - - great discoveries channel no , i was merely indicating the possible danger of rejecting ideas for being nonsensical . it's dangerous to say words have failed , when you actually mean that the words that have been used ... i just had the same thing happen . deleting the last sent message removed the notification for me . it is dumb to dismiss the ideas of others and call them crazy and dangerous . because it won't change the mind of the other person , it will just create hostility . this might not have such a major ... all of them can protect from at least one kind of danger . why would this be a bitter truth ? i expect it will either just slowly die , or they manage to keep fixing up the engine . i doubt they will port the entire game over to a new engine ( successfully ) . i'm a discipline priest ( so far , ... it sounds like you're under stress . i'm not sure if you need help , but you can probably use some . how is it not ? it is a self-contained system , a framework in which all statements it makes are true . it is undeniably true because it defines itself as such . i think both of you miss the ... that's a whole different kind of difficulty : so much content that it's almost impossible to ever fully finish . it doesn't help that new content still gets released . my wife and i started playing ... if you ever want to try again , just remember : skip laser technology , go straight for plasma and snipers are awesome . i always used 2 snipers with double tap in my team and they killed more than half ... which xcom ? i did actually manage to finish xcom : enemy unkown on normal difficulty and ironman mode after a few tries ( by completely skipping the laser gun research and going straight for ... without theoretical models , the only practical truth you can be certain of is the existence of your own mind . see also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solipsism . tomorrow . or maybe next week . or month ... magic cards are welcome . the point of nihilism is to realize you're free , and there's nothing more free than doing something you enjoy , like playing magic . like i said earlier in the thread , reading up on logic sheds some light on what truth is . logic is all about the truth , but it rarely deals with specifics . rather , it will have statements like : ... this thread is about what truth is , not about what is real . as an abstract concept , truth goes way beyond what is real . i think there are many groups trying to manipulate whatever they can for their own gain . i don't think there's a single group that dominates the entire world , most groups are probably not even ... you should read up on logic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic wait , aren't you then choosing the former ? i think i laugh slightly more out loud than i used to . most of the time my laugh is completely silent . pics or it didn't happen . i disagree . i don't think an infp cares about ruth as a goal , i think it's a side product of their understanding of themselves . i don't think choosing truth over ... of course , some of those students who are ' distracted ' are actually building up a network of people through which they can get a cozy job , a nice apartment and meet their soul mate . statistics show ... one of us . one of us . the only brownies i eat are those brownies , and only because everyone uses brownies for that , instead of something better tasting . not to say that brownies are disgusting , they're just not as good as ... i think the black color just doesn't work . it might work better with another shade of black . i would like to clarify that this is true for chocolate cake , not for cakes in general . '