' i couldn't handle an enfp partner . it would be far to chaotic / volatile etc . i would likely feel smothered ( it takes very little for me too feel smothered by men in relationships ) . i need someone to ... exactly . i so highly value my reputation of being someone who is good and trustworthy , that being falsely accused of something would devastate me . i would have a serious problem . it would hurt my feelings deeply that someone thought i was capable of this bad thing i had supposedly done . i would do everything in my power to prove my innocence in ... i'm a pisces . so pisces it's not even funny ... maybe not so much my friends , but in partners , i tend to go for the wounded types ... i'm all my love can heal your wounds ! ! ! i guess i have a savior complex or something . any other enfps like that ? ... guilty . : blushed :: laughing : and i accidentally hit e instead of i , so it's a tiny bit skewed ... : blushed : this so much ! ! ! yes ! we once had an argument that literally led to me packing up everything i own and deciding to never come back . what started this terrible argument , you ask ? she made chicken pot ... oh we got along fabulously when i was in high school and she was in complete control ( straight a's , never acted out , never did a bad thing ever ) . but even though i still live at home , it's not as ... i guess all that's left is to decide how much you're willing to take . whether or not this is a dealbreaker for you . if he's not willing to change , you'll just have to either put up with it or leave ... an enfp would walk through the woods alone ! ? ! : shocked :: wink : :( that is a problem . i'm sorry that he isn't more respectful of your opinions / feelings . aww . just knowing that there is someone else out there who has been in the same situation ( freakishly similar , actually ! weird ! ! ! haha ! ) makes me feel better . at least i am not a terrible ... the timing of these conversations is very important , too . if you ask him to rephrase when he's already upset , he won't react favorably--he'll likely want to rebel , which is what it sounds like he's ... ooo ! ! ! is this ok to do ! ? ! ? ! i have been wanting to ask my istp if when he needs alone time he can just say , i need to be alone rather than , i don't want company . because the latter makes ... you're welcome . and i know it must hurt your feelings , but i doubt that is his intention . try not to take it personally ( very much easier said than done , i know ) . ( ( ( hugs ) ) ) * sigh * and i'm almost 24 . i just wish she was willing to do something about it . i've recently started dating a man that i'm fairly sure she won't approve of ( even though he's a great guy . she just ... so are you saying that the 2 of you are basically cooped up in your room / apartment / house together all day , every day ? if so , then i'd say he's probably just extremely overstimulated . he needs space ... anyone else having a bitch of a time with an esfj mother ? how i wonder how many enfps were raised by esfjs ( it seems like it could be a common occurrence ... i might make a poll ) . my mother and i have ... i'm pretty sure he thinks you two are soulmates and he thinks he's biding his time until you figure it out or he changes your mind . i'd say you're probably fucked . sorry to be so pessimistic , but my ... istp ( i'm in love ... it requires a humongous font size , what can i say ? ) a little cheesy , but interesting . i'll play along : happy : 1 . my boyfriend 2 . a deer 3 . we look at each other 4 . big with a porch swing 5 . no 6 . colorful plates and table cloth 7 . ( i actually ... awww thank you . i am so happy . seriously . i just keep trying not to mess it up . ha ! : wink : my istp kissed me first ... and it was awesome . we were watching a movie at his place , and he just turned to me , scooped me up in his arms , and kissed me . great first kiss . but i'm sure he wouldn't ... i think it must have been written about an istp : laughing : there are times when i see a look in his eyes that looks like love to me . i think he is beginning to love me , even though he may not have even realized it himself yet . but i don't care how long it ... we've been seeing each other for a little over 4 months , but we work together and have been acquaintances for almost 2 years ( he got my number and started texting me in august , we started hanging out ... i sent him this one in reply . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjsjZWlRVvo a couple nights ago , my istp started sending me youtube videos of various love songs , including these 2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5yKaj3kGrQ ... yep . it's never with malicious intent , and we don't really even view our behavior as manipulative , but it is perceived that way by others at times . i don't know what to do about that ... : unsure : ... i don't think i know any nj's , but that does sound like it would make for a very odd individual ... sorry for hijacking momentarily ( i seem to do that in pretty much every thread here ... i am going to get a reputation ... ) : blushed : my istp and i work together and i have had a raging crush on ... i agree . and i would potentially be in big trouble with this issue , but luckily for me , i am insanely attracted to by istp guy . we are working on the emotional part ( he is really trying and it is so ... our brains work the same way and we understand where the other person is coming from and vice versa . it's rare and wonderful to be understood in such a way . but i couldn't handle an enfp romantic ... i didn't vote in your poll because i'm not intj , but i got a 7 . enfp gets a 7 ! ? ! i guess we're not all warm and cuddly afterall ... * evil laugh * : laughing : you and i are the same on this--i tend to see it as more merciful ( that word makes me sound conceited ... ) to just be up front with someone if i'm not interested , rather than string them along just ... that is so true . it's torture for us , especially if we are interested in you but don't know how you feel about us . we struggle with building up fantasies in our minds that often times have nothing to ... this happens to us a lot , actually . part of it comes from us being oblivious to reading your signs . but , unfortunately , if she said she just wanted to be friends when you called your movie a ... my mother is esfj and we have some serious relationship problems . she is very manipulative and controlling , but with her weak intuition , she can't see it at all , so i see no chance of her changing ... imo a potential false positive mostly comes with an enfp not being romantically interested in someone . if i like someone just fine as a friend , but i feel that he is interested in me in a romantic ... istp is where it's at . : laughing : that's appreciated too . : wink : oops . yeah , it probably doesn't make sense , but we just manage to make ourselves feel really insecure about that . for me , the internal dialog starts , he didn't want to kiss me goodbye . is he upset ... this . : happy : oh yeah , i've totally hijacked this thread ... my bad ! : crazy : nope , not sex , but we have done things ( bjs and the like ) . i'm pretty sure it's going to happen soon though . sex is something that ... you must be my sister because i'm pretty sure we have the same mom . i came over to this forum to get advice for my relationship with my mother , and this is almost my exact situation . why is there so ... we haven't fought yet , but we have had serious discussions about things that bother us . he is the most level-headed person i've ever seen when it comes to arguing . i am great at keeping my cool until ... awww ! ! what was your time frame with this--how long were you talking before you went to her house ? when you asked her out , do you mean you started dating or you started considering her your ... i almost always initiate the cuddling . when we're on the couch watching a movie or something i just take his arm and tuck mine in under his and we often hold hands , or i lightly rub / scratch his ... lol ! interestingly , we had our defining the relationship talk after we went to a bar and people repeatedly spoke to him and referred to me as your girlfriend . for example , we were standing next ... '