' i don't think anyone will ever love me and i wish this didn't bother me so much . i need wisdom , but i'm not sure if i want to hear it if it's not what i want ... which probably makes me a fool . when you love someone so much but you know you are incapable to help them and it breaks your heart . i'm going to turn my feelings off ... that's not the same as bottling up feelings is it ? i feel sick . but i don't see how this can work . as it is now , it really can't . ignoring it or putting it off for later doesn't fix it . i don't know if i even want to try since i think it won't help ... lol i did , how did you know ? . :) i feel better now . there is no answer , just silence . i need a distraction . sometimes i wonder if i am unloveable . i realized tonight that it's okay to feel sad . even if i think that other people have worse problems than me and that i should be strong and fine . what i do and say to others does still matter ... i think it's best if i keep my feelings and emotions to myself . what is the point of them anyway ? sometimes i wish i didn't care . i keep wanting to distract myself and spend time with friends and family and i think i'm lonely . but i have been spending time with friends and family , so i really shouldn't feel lonely and feel ... i plan things out a lot in detail as well . but i'm usually flexible . i try to leave room for different possibilities . i hate being late so i have arrived early on occasion when it was my habit . but ... when you would rather hide and eat nothing than go into a room full of people by yourself to get food . i just spent over an hour composing an email , but then i didn't send it . yep , paranoid . i'm like that all the time . i worry i'm bugging someone with a message or email . it bothers me more if ... i feel like money is worthless compared to other things in life . there's a lot of stuff i just don't care about right now . i sometimes wish i didn't have emotions . i'm probably focusing on all the ... i wish i wasn't so confused . and it's really not an easy fix . i don't know what i am supposed to do or even if i am supposed to do something . i wish things were more clear . something is really ... i don't even know what i feel anymore . i'm so confused . i wish i knew if the pain is worth it . ambiguity hurts . i feel guilty for my own emotions , but i feel that it's not just me making me feel that way . it's probably just me though ... i can get over stuff , but it behind me , and forgive . i have forgiven . but i'm still hurt . i thought i wasn't . i very much hate drama . but sometimes my emotions explode a bit or spill over ( exploding is generally the most accurate description though i still try to keep control ) and i feel bad about it for ... i'm so focused on myself and my pain that it is hard to get anything done or to even care sometimes . but in perspective it's really not the worst thing . i just wish i didn't care so much sometimes . i ... this is the most distracted i've been in years . and i'm not sure where my appetite went . i had to force myself to eat a whole slice of pizza . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzGZEyEZuIA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3KCKhNc5mI i hate this feeling . i'm so confused . i don't know what i'm supposed to feel and not feel . i love being the center of attention and sharing all my feelings with everyone . it's interesting that 4 , 9 , and 5 are the most common types for infp my type is 5w6 and my mom , who is also an infp , i think is a 9 . my tritype is 549 though . when externally you have no emotional reaction . but in reality you care more than most will ever realize . you know you are an introvert when that sounds like drinking poison ... why do that to yourself ? ! better to run and hide at the sound of humans . ^ _ ^ sent from my iphone using tapatalk some people who don't know you as well always ask if you are okay . sent from my iphone using tapatalk at times i just don't know if my dream needs to change . some dreams have come and gone . but there has always been one in the background . i don't know if i'm supposed to give up on it completely or ... i wonder if everyone has different ways they are immature no matter how old they get . i know there are certain times and issues that make me feel like my attitude is so immature , even if i don't ... i think i must have had a dream or daydream ( can't remember which ) that i was chatting with someone about the enneagram and relating with them how we were similar . but when i was remembering it i am ... i should post on this forum more . i can get talking about personality stuff so much that i think it might annoy or bore people who aren't quite as into it . sent from my iphone using tapatalk why is everyone so quiet ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk i hate it when i ask someone a something and they ignore it completely and ask me something else . it just feels like being pushed away and i'm tired of trying . maybe it wasn't intentional ... sometimes i understand a joke and understand why people think it's funny ; but it doesn't really amuse me . so i wont laugh . sent from my iphone using tapatalk anakin .. you're breaking my heart sent from my iphone using tapatalk i love being in the spotlight and i could talk all day long . i just love talking . doesn't really have to be about anything just as long as i'm talking its a comfort . i like to talk out all my ... i don't like the pressure to be polite . small talk is small talk ... far too much small talk lately ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk when you are tired of all the social interaction and all the increased thinking about everything never ending . too many thoughts to contain or keep on handling . sent from my iphone using tapatalk when you love people and enjoy being around them for a while ( even while they drain your energy ) , but need a break from them all for sanity . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i just discovered i don't like small talk . it irritates me . i didn't realize it before because i didn't know what small talk actually was . i just knew that certain questions annoyed me . sent ... when you hide from people . sent from my iphone using tapatalk http://youtu.be/n_oS4Qd3Ark sent from my iphone using tapatalk i ... came on to post that . someone told me that today . sent from my iphone using tapatalk when people think what you say is hilarious and you don't know why ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk '