' tall big hands ! ! :D teasing smile and eyes that look right into my soul ... small talk is so boring ! ! i don't really want to get better at it ... i find it so fake and constructed , i'm always wondering what the other person is really thinking ... and why we are doing this ? ? i'm feeling sooo excited ! ! i think i'm high or something : laughing : i don't know where all this energy is coming from ! it's almost scary ! exclamation mark ! ! you look sooo infp ! ! : laughing : ( in a good way : wink :) edit : how could looking infp not be in a good way ? ? ? excuse me for being so stupid :D http://i56.tinypic.com/dxjq61.jpg [ img ] http://i51.tinypic.com/316p215.jpg at first i looked so boring and tired so i had to mix it up a little ;D ok i know i probably seem really strange but i just felt so shy for some reason ! i just wanted to say hi to all of u , hope u have a good day ! :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6-gLDT0y48 ... hi , i'm an infp who would really much like to get to know an enfj because you guys are all so friendly and nice , and fun ! :) hi ! ! : happy : i was super happy and active but very shy around strangers ... when i was alone i spent a lot of time daydreaming and making up stories ... and i loved reading pretty much the same as i am now ... hahaha i hope it will find me :D my disney crush isn't on the list ! it's the beast from beauty and the beast ! ! i was secretly in love with him when i was a kid ... he seems so scary at first , but when you get to know him he's so ... oh , that sounds interesting ! i'm going to read it then , thanks :) what is it about ? i've only read two book by margaret atwood , alias grace and cat's eye , and i loved them both . i was thinking about reading something more by her . i just have to tell all of you that in this moment i'm really , really happy ! ! and i don't know why : laughing : ... when infp's can't get enough of you ! ! : laughing : ohhh i can relate so much to this ! ! i always tested as infp but actually i think i feel more at home in this forum ... maybe i'm infj after all :) i love animals ! i wish i had a cat and a dog . unfortunately i don't have the possibility to care for any of those animals right now ... but in the future maybe :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWf-eARnf6U i feel like the biggest challenge in my life is to go out into the world and live with other people , and still be able to stay myself ... up to now i feel like i am always doing one of following : - ... could you please shut up for a minute ? ? ! ! cinderella the beauty and the beast the little mermaid all of these are stories about girls who feel like they don't belong , and finally their dreams come true ... :) i also love the ... shutter island inception if you are in a sort of dark mood ... ;) i feel sorry for people who are not being genuine . at the same time i'm very careful and i don't tell them anything that they could possibly use against me . anna karenina by leo tolstoy is the ultimate infp novel ! : happy : my favourite word is hi combined with a friendly smile ... : happy : when it comes to fashion , i am super-clueless ! ! ! i have some ideas about what i like , but when i buy clothes and try to make myself look nice the result is just weird ! ! sometimes when i'm excited about something or i'm having a lot of difficulty to explain something to someone , i use a lot of gestures , and they tend not to make it clearer what i'm trying to say but ... the most important qualities i search for are : - stable , trustworthy - kind-hearted - open-minded - self-confident - brave - not afraid to show feelings i had a problem with this before , but lately it hasn't been hard at all ! i think it's because i have a different view of life nowadays ... i have started to accept life as it is , and i am just ... i've been doing this all my life ! :D i can entertain myself for hours that way . but sometimes it makes things confusing when i don't remember what i've been saying in real life and in my ... i've been someone's muse ... but secretly this person was my muse too ... he never knew :) hahahaha i've been sooo wondering how to look ok ! ! sorry apples i don't have an answer yet ... i doubt i will ever have ;D said by strangers / acquaintances : are you ok ? you are so quiet what are you thinking about ? are you listening ? do you understand ? ( appearantly i come off as very stupid or something ) ... hey you guys , don't wait too long ! you're missing out on life ! ! sex is great and it can be a soul-connecting , magical experience . but actually it doesn't have to be , and i assure you it's not ... a love greater than life itself . someone who i would be ready to die for any minute . someone who makes me feel like a child again , admiring the world for the first time . someone who makes me feel ... i'm never attracted to broken souls , since i am one myself anna karenina by leo tolstoy eleven minutes by paulo coelho kafka on the shore by haruki murakami the harry potter series by j . k . rowling blonde by joyce carol oates the old man and the sea by ... i did the test again , and i thought i would end up with pretty much the same result as last time ( 70 % introvert preference ) . but this time i got 80 % extraverts ! i'm not sure what this means ... i did a test on bbc - science & nature - human body and mind - mind - face perception 1 where you look at two faces at a time and click on the one that you find the most attractive . ... i don't pursue relationships ... random people just find me ... this aspect of my life hasn't been that successful yet . : unsure : i am a big fan of star wars ! ! i love the idea of the force , and the characters are awesome ... i agree with ectoplasm that many of them seem like nf types , the whole story is very nf ... i like all ... i've had a friend who is a pathological liar , and it was certainly an experience . we became really close friends really quickly , she totally manipulated me from the beginning . she is really ... i love male infp's and i wish i knew a larger number of your species ! you are awesome ! ! :D i'm always obsessed with something ! it's fun but also somewhat painful ... i don't know why ... i tend to go to the extremes with everything i do . loving this thread ! me : - fidgeting - touching myself as i speak and as i think - never being able to be completely still - making a lot of very strange hand gestures as i speak , that don't ... i love staying at home more than anything else ... i feel safe and happy when i'm at home . i like going out to make adventures , but not for too long . home is where i can relax and think . i feel very uncomfortable when people compliment me , because 1 . i don't know how to respond to it in the moment and 2 . i take it way too seriously and i feel like i will now have to ' live up ' to that ... i was shy , awkward , had a few friends but nobody that i could relate to . in the last year i gave up on all the social stuff and resigned to loneliness . i was a ridiculously good student , such a ... my family : intj + infp = infp , infp , intj i consider myself very lucky ! :D my family is strongly influenced by logic and rational thinking from my dad . my mom has taught us to love and always ... i do this too ! but the periods of thinking rationally are just very short ... like wake up calls that makes me get up and act ... but then i go straight back to my emotional chaos again hehe '