' i put entj and enfj what do you guys think ? i included the characters from the second lion king too , you don't have to answer those if you don't know . here's my opinion : simba x96 enfp nala-entj mufasa-infj scar-intj ... thanks ! i'm okay with paying a charge , i was actually trying to find where to buy it on the internet . there was a big thing awhile ago where some kitties were getting kidney failure on science diet , so i'm going to avoid that . i'd consider getting organic pet food , but it's no better . it advertises ... is there like an official u200bmbti test ? does anyone have a link to it ? i do believe in soulmates . i don't how to describe it but i think that if i ever find mine , i will know . bro . estj . just .. estj . the specific issue definitely dictates it . if it's something minor i can generally let it smooth over by distracting myself , but even that's debatable . i get angry a lot . i usually cry or pound on a table or punch a wall or something . i either dwell on what's making me angry and basically drown myself in the unpleasant feeling , or try to distract ... ice cream . who do you think is more quiet , isfp or infp ? either . it really just depends on the person . i'm not quiet when i'm around people i know and like . i can be quite loud . who is better at verbal ... i have a contradicting opinion of people . whenever they approach me or i am surrounded by them , i shun them . i want them to go away and i want to be alone .. but when i am completely isolated , and i ... hello cat owners . what brand of food do you use ? the price of fancy feast has just gone up so much that i can't feed it to my cats . $ . 73 for an itty bitty can . the ingredients in dry cat food are ... my grandma is deep , complex and cares about humanity . she's an isfj . point : being deep complex and caring doesn't mean he's inf . pablo picasso , one of the most famous artists in the world , is ... i only heard about this asshole through south park . after i saw the episode that featured him , i got curious about him . i saw some videos , read some lyrics ( the songs were so awful i couldn't listen ... trying to decide what to eat . i remember random facts about my friend because i care about her and those facts are important to me . i'm retarded at remembering details . how do you know for sure that she's isfp , has she told you that or is it just your assumption from living with her ? if you don't like living with her , kick her out or move out . http://youtu.be/YZs3EADi2pQ kitty . crucio , i think you sound esfj . ^ . ^ do they complain if you play it while they are around ? or do you just not want to be rude ? really my only advice is to give her space . but also , don't wait for her to initiate contact . send her a text message / email every couple of days saying good morning , asking how she is doing . but do ... http://youtu.be/F3O39V8juHs even if she just casually piled on an i like you statement , it means a lot . like what the above poster said , she wouldn't say she liked you unless she really meant it . even if she shrugged it off ... i'm listening to music , getting ready to watch a movie . enfj . they are the type i look up to most . maybe enneagram 9 . i know english . i never had an opportunity to learn anything else . i thought this was stupid and i hated almost every answer choice equally . here's my result : believer as a believer you believe the world has almost infinite possibilities . you believe people ... i'm okay , not superb but good . i'm thinking about how my arms feel . i feel full , especially in my arms . i wonder if i'm having some inflammatory issues or something . i currently desire different hair . the hair i have right now has lost it's appeal . applesauce . mine is medium / long and i always wear it down . infp . you seem more extroverted . esfp . i dreamed that i went outside my house and i was in a field of long grass . i thought i saw a kitten , so i went to pick it up and it was a baby deer ! then i looked around and there were baby deer all ... i don't understand . i give it to people straight . i hate that wishy-washy beating around the bush stuff . if i don't like you , i tell you . however , i do feel some hurt inside for making you hurt . pisces with capricorn ascendant . i don't know too many celebrities .. i think p ! nk is attractive . she looks really odd with long hair though . let's see . i think i'm slightly less rambling when i type , and i have better grammar and say less cuss words . boss i think entj . i love road trips ! i usually just listen to music and draw the whole time i'm in the car , but .. something about the car going makes the music more enjoyable . i know that does not make sense but there ... looking at what has inferior si i see entp and enfp . both are just not possible because i'm clearly introverted . is there any other possibility ? mbti : isfp enneagram : 4w5 - 7w8 - 8w9 sx zodiac : pisces day of birth ( with time if you know ): not really comfortable sharing this . socionics type ( if you know it ): i only took the test once , i got ... ice cream with m & ms in it , mm . i'm thinking about making me some tuna and crackers , but i'm not really hungry . it would still taste good .. hmm .. http://youtu.be/8TT87u5RQiA the descriptions you gave me were just like two sentences . i didn't relate to any of them except ni , and then like half of ne , ti and fi . extraverted sensing : acts on concrete data from here ... ltldslwmn i can test as either f or t . i think one of the reasons i can test as a t is because i've discovered that some fear of rejection and even some jealousy of others blocks me from saying ... si : what i disagree with - .. drawn to the concrete and specific details of any information presented . i don't care about most information presented to me . definitely don't want to hear details ... stepped on a kitten . i felt so guilty , but i didn't see him there . he was okay though . anyone se dominant , seems they'd be out enjoying the world . '