' o - too . golf is a good walk spoiled ! king dreamer ... i'm bit late to the party but thank you for sharing so much of you with us on this forum . your positivity and humour rock ! : cool : my carography : used 1982 silver honda civic - 5 speed transmission with chock ( came with fiancee ) new 1990 red honda civic - 5 speed transmission ( got rid of this with ex-husband ) spreading the love on friday ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa2nLEhUcZ0 it's kind of difficult to answer without knowing more details of your relationship . if both of you are having doubts about things then it would probably not be a good idea to think about moving in ... it could be a subtle power struggle between the two of you . i generally avoid people with big tempers and i probably wouldn't date them in the long term because this would probably be a source of ... i have a low tolerance to anything that registers high on my bullshit-o-meter such as unauthenticity , teflon people , bullying , people who suck and blow ( e . g . say one thing but do the diabolically ... quoted for truth ... just be yourself ... go out for coffee or go to an art gallery ... and let the fuzz happen . : wink : chocolate lavender truffles from a local chocolaterie ... they infuse the dark chocolate truffles with lavender flowers ... this is best enjoyed with a partner along with exquisitely chilled ice wine . i visited the rockies and did a solo camping trip to jasper national park . i visited in august a few years ago and i think that most of the campsites are closed as of the end of october . there are ... well done moby ! congrats ! i enjoy your contributions ! i think you just answered your own question . this guy doesn't seem healthy or is very immature and i find it very insensitive of him to ask you , as a friend and ex-gf , to help him pick up another ... essay ... it worked ! it seems to also work with the hyphens ... but i think it works without them too ... pm me about a movie this week ... tuesday or thur work . thanks you treebob essay heartturnedtoporcelain lirulin for a fabulous pholicious afternoon . you guys rock ... looking forward to excellent wings at mclarens in october . i have gotten over my ... hello my fav ottawa pc people ... i can make it too ! looking forward to meeting see you guys sat at pho'licious at noon ... i will be cycling over ... will try not to hit any unicorns along ... i miss having tea with my mother ( she passed away 14 years ago ... ) ... wow , i read your post over the week-end and it has stayed in my mind all day today . first of all , i did not mind the non-paragraph format . i read it like a scene in a movie with ... weee ! ! ! congrats niss ... ( from one of your fans ! ) ... ( hugs ) ... : happy : essay , my friend ... congrats ... looking forwarding to beating you at pool ! : tongue : ps - i also enjoy your epic replies to various posts ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UH7Ixvu8bg&NR=1 however , 2 thumbs up for robo-hoover cat ... that had me seriously laughing : tongue : ! in immediate danger situations my reaction is definitely to fight . i have only been in a life threatening situation twice - once i was swimming with my sister and cousin and an undertow was pulling ... 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? the means ... i'm definitely about the journey ... not necessarily the destination . 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? my ... i can't stand febreze . if things smell that bad , just steam clean them ... seriously ! however , the pen ... is mightier than the sword ... one of my fav subforums is the istj one . very kind , supportive group ... and quite hilarious at times ! hugs from istjs are extra special ! i use any type of pen i can find or scrounge for most work related writing activities . this is all in cursive and sometimes quite illegible . i have a sacred box of sketching art carbon pencils of ... i agree with zerosum and tridentus ... this guy sounds like he's hitting on you . do you have any idea what his intentions are ? does he want to maintain a friendship with you or is he looking to ... i completed an undergraduate degree in psychology at the university of western ontario some time ago . it was a solid program and i was the subject of many graduate level psychology experiments ( maybe ... wow - i am sorry that you have been having a challenging time with your son lately . are there any other adults in his life that he is close to and can confide with ( e . g . aunt / uncle / family ... gooey prickles and prickley goo ... this was previously uploaded somewhere in the vast body of knowledge that is perc but it makes me smile everytime i see it ...  ... just to clarify - you guys have never met in person ? yikes ... she probably heard that you were leaving town and just wanted to let you know how she feels ( thus telling you she loves you ) then cut ... it's rather difficult to respond ... why are you guys talking on line so much ? - if you are friends , i am assuming that you hang out in person frequently . why don't you try calling her or meeting ... i know you didn't ask enfps ( and sorry for barging in ) ... but i get into major flow when i'm motorcycling ... there is no maybe ... you need such a complete level of concentration that i think of ... awesome poems ... particularly liked lillith's cry . thanks for sharing ! i am much more introverted online ... probably because i rely on alot of non verbal communication cues to communication irl . i feel that i am at a bit of a disadvantage online . : unsure : what really annoys me is having to exchange 10 text messages with someone to make plans to meet-up when a simple 20 second phone call would have sufficed . : frustrating : thanks for sharing this pt article ... an additional quote from it rang true to me : this was exactly how i was feeling when i was learning how to drive a motorcycle ... it was not ... essay loved the poem ... it transported me back to my time in bc / vancouver island ... thanks for sharing . ( hugs ! ) one from my little black book of poetry secrets ( rarely shared and never published ) ... the bedouin path you , you are the desert moon beckoning to ... i had two impacted bottom wisdom teeth removed in my early 20s . i went to a special dental surgeon and they put me under - i was unconscious for the procedure and remember nothing until i woke up in ... i've been on a slow ascension to atheism but it has taken quite some time . i grew up catholic and was into my adult years and didn't really feel the presence of god any god ... it then became a very ... rdnetto - hugs ... this just cracked me up so much ... maybe you guys can develop the formula for particles of awkward ... then create an iphone application to measure it ... you could test it on us ... thank ... i met a physicist last night who noticed that i used the goings on at cern as an allegory to another story about messing with unknown forces ( e . g as in the particle acceleration related to a fatal ... the first fruit that popped into my mind was kiwi ... fuzzy on the outside , green , juicy deliciousness on the inside but with slightly sad , sour little seeds of introspection interspersed ... i would say more adorable than hilarious ... although threads like this do offer alot of fodder for humour bombs . we always laugh with you tho ' ! i knew my posting twice would grate on your efficiency model for posting on perc . this is one more thing i like about you guys ( that and your preference for perfect grammar ) . : crazy : i specifically did two posts for emphasis ... '