' my dad is an istj and my mom is an infp and they've been married for about 30 years now . they make a good pair :) hmmm i'd go with dark blonde i don't normally open up to people because whenever i do i end up feeling rejected and wish that i hadn't . i find that a lot of people either don't care or don't understand what i'm feeling or saying ... 44 % caregiver friendly , sincere , and compassionate , you find your reward in helping others . no one could ask for a better best friend . 30 % visionary leave it to others to live by the status quo ... i haven't found the right guy yet . i'm looking for an infj guy , and i'm also attracted to guys who are short , skinny and feminine . it may take awhile before i find someone ... desired career : labor and delivery nurse type : infj infj , and i've always been pretty good at math . in seventh grade i skipped two years of it and went into 9th grade math . but when i got to precalc i got a d so meh i would want the power to heal people . there is so much suffering in the world and i wish i could do more to help . i'm an infj and i have a friend who is an isfp , an infp , and one who is either estp of estj i'm the moralizing infj and the warm infj : happy : i think that i would want to date another infj because i want to be with someone that i have a deep connection with . hi : happy : the more time i spend with someone the more i start to dislike them . but it's not for little things like blowing your nose or tapping fingers . i have high tolerance for people who most find to be ... scorpio and infj i'm an infj and i play the violin . i'm not the best at it but it's fun :) i had a strange dream last night . i was walking when i found a strange looking rock on the ground . when i looked closer it had eyes in it and it was alive . i remember running around with it and it ... mine would be another infj : happy : 5 ' 5 and 94 pounds tucson , arizona the power to heal people . i want to be able to help people and save lives . it depends with what . if it's something i don't care much about like money , then i'll let them borrow it and if my trust in that was misplaced then oh well . but when it comes to all my feeling , ... i made a facebook and had it for two weeks but then i lost my password and never bothered to make a new one . infj economic left / right : -5.88 social libertarian / authoritarian : -6.31 i have two groups of friends that i talk to at school but i don't really feel that close to them . what i really want is to have one or two friends that i really connect with but i can never find ... a grilled cheese sandwich :) hi ! 16 i had a weird dream where whenever i went in my backyard there was a vehicle that was made of grass and caterpillars ( ? ? ? ) and it had sharp swords and it would chase me until i got in my house . then ... simon from lord of the flies . i felt a huge connection to him throughout the book . everything that he felt and thought is how i think and feel , and how he acted in the book is how i would've acted . 91922 this is me :) i'm and infj too and i can really relate to this . i'm in highschool right now and i do feel alone a lot . i have people to sit with at lunch but i'm never the one to be invited to things and spend ... nah it was the fairly odd parents . i know that the character's hair was pink but i didn't like pink at the time so i pretended it was red haha . infj and red and green . not because of christmas but because in my favorite tv show when i was a little kid , two of my favorite characters had red and green hair . i feel that everyone i know doesn't understand me and the only people that i feel somewhat knows me are people similar . other types don't understand me . what i want is someone who can figure me out ... i'm definitely a chameleon . for me it's like i normally automatically feel what the other person feels and how they view the world and feel about different situations just by seeing how they ... i'm definitely a chameleon . for me it's like i normally automatically feel what the other person feels and how they view the world and feel about different situations just by seeing how they ... i'm a girl who's an infj and i'm looking for a guy who is also an infj . why do we have to be so rare ? :( i don't understand why girls are attracted to assholes . i hate assholes and would never date one . when i look for a guy , i look for someone who is nice , sweet , shy , and a little feminine . i really want to find my soul mate . i picture him a really nice , sweet , and caring infj guy . '