' i shouldn't even be posting here , but i'll make an exception because this seems important , dear quaqua your husband's personality type is no excuse for what he's doing . sure , it's really hard ... i'll post a salad of awesome things i stumbled upon during these last few days , plus a few from my favorites , so sorry for the huge post . first this , i think it may be more intp than infj , but ... dear personality cafe , i almost lost someone very dear to me , and i just realized i need to sort some things in my life . i need to put my priorities in order and work even harder to make my plans ... there's no perfect love for any personality type , but that's a dangerous mindset to put yourself in . like you said he was probably extremely negative and unhealthy , and in that stage , any personality ... dear northwind reading that while looking at your avatar somehow makes complete sense . amused , intp you can't post that on a public forum . here , i censored it : ( ▬ ) ( ▬ ) veggie ha , thanks , glad you liked it ! i have a few honorary badges so far , i'm collecting those . : tongue : posters : http://i.imgur.com/P00lDvb.jpg http://i.imgur.com/k7t1P2L.jpg http://i.imgur.com/NfmnYFO.jpg http://i.imgur.com/k1GTgbd.jpg http://i.imgur.com/OOTkTbj.jpg ... i think that's an innocent statement . it was experimental , but it wasn't unpredictable . they've been dropping napalms from b - 29s months before , which killed almost as many people as the atomic bombs ... sorry for the seizure-inducing post : http://i45.tinypic.com/bdhq8.gif http://i50.tinypic.com/1h5ity.gif http://i46.tinypic.com/3169agi.gif http://i48.tinypic.com/3583zx0.gif ... i should visit this place more often . http://i48.tinypic.com/2vhyx06.png https://vimeo.com/59629693 dear intj , thanks for the incredible conversation . you're really an amazing person , and it's so rare to meet people like you , so i always appreciate whenever we have the chance to talk . it's funny ... i'll post some performances and other random videos that i know most people don't usually appreciate because they can seem nonsensical or pretentious , but i honestly enjoy it and i can see an ... holding a grudge is feeling resentment , treating the person differently and maybe even looking for retaliation for something he / she did in the past . i don't do that , but i won't be innocent enough to ... i forgive , but i don't forget . i don't mind people making genuine mistakes and innocent mishaps , everybody does that , but i'm good at seeing patterns , and when they don't learn from their mistakes ... emerald sea i meant the behavior ( although your post was a bit confusing ) , but thanks for clearing that up . your explanation was really good and it definitely helped me to understand things better ... emerald sea not gonna lie , even though i enjoy being in this forum and feel quite comfortable around infjs , that's still pretty confusing . : confused : i can relate to that . none of these descriptions will ever fit completely how we feel anyway , but there's a similarity between what you've said and how i've felt before that i suppose could be ... falling leaves i don't know if you've read this already , but maybe it will strike a chord with you : on si : for intps under the influence of tertiary si , this can generate a certain degree ... i knew i was forgetting one : http://i50.tinypic.com/102wkjn.jpg http://i50.tinypic.com/25oxs0o.jpg http://i46.tinypic.com/v401oy.jpg http://i46.tinypic.com/okpqpc.jpg jonty hurwitz i'm not sure what an ni-themed artwork is , but i'll try my best : http://i45.tinypic.com/ej616a.jpg http://i50.tinypic.com/t7jw5u.jpg anna gillespie http://i46.tinypic.com/34htm9y.jpg chen ... i'm not an infj but here's my opinion anyway : there are things which i consider essential for any relationship to work , like communication , trust , attentiveness , caring , compromising , etc . i don't ... we can arrange that , but only because you came up with such cool names for our chocolate figurines ! but you have to make one of yourself as well , we need a ' sassy jess ' . ;) dear neonbomb bring the party and i bring the exotic country . while i'm quite a busy guy , if you ever visit brazil i definitely wouldn't mind hanging out . sincerely , intp emerald sea hey , i've never said i allowed a copy of myself to be your personal chef ... but for a small monthly payment we can talk . and with an extra 30 % fee i'll throw in another copy to give you ... ha , 100 % sure about that . i guess i have a feeler magnet because i've always been surrounded by them , which is why i appear to be more feely than other thinkers . i'm not the engineer here , ... i should've posted this earlier , but like i said the date itself is irrelevant . i still want to use the opportunity presented by this thread to show my appreciation for the infjs here anyway . you ... http://i.imgur.com/mfyhbu5.jpg dear valentine , you know i'd rather worry about having special days than celebrating special dates . glad we're on the same wavelength about that . : wink : i don't know what i'm doing here , i'm not even an infj . nevertheless , this is awesome : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnOmrDzRrGQ they're not very good at hiding actually . based on my experience and on the intps i know , they seem one of the most emotional t types , probably because of inferior fe , but provide you spend some time ... http://i.imgur.com/oVHYWHR.jpg your post was just as confusing as your relationship . you guys fought when she asked how serious you were because presumably you either didn't know or it was too soon for you to consider it ... i haven't seen that before . what i usually see is must be enthusiastic , very communicative , good with people , etc , etc , which , while not a mandatory requirement for every job , if you will be ... ha , i figured that was the case , i just wanted to comment anyway , it's an interesting subject . and i can't help it , my mind is wired to find logical inconsistencies . : tongue : despite the religious argument , which i consider harmless but simply doesn't resonate with me , i agree with the premise of the author . but the examples he used to prove his point were just awful . he ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqoANESQ4cQ this reminds me of a certain infj that is very dear to me . :) and it also sounds like a philip glass song . :) btw , i quite enjoy post-rock ( especially instrumental ) , soundtracks and more orchestral stuff as well , so feel free to send me a pm if you want to share some bands or songs . :p roud : try gov't mule if you like southern rock . http://i.imgur.com/uCpzipa.jpg it's probably an ne thing , since i suffer from the same disease . but generally speaking , everyone enjoys novelty to some degree , se and ne doms just need more of that to be satisfied . not really , only the more complex ones , because it's hard to see their details on the computer screen without zooming in , and sometimes they look similar to another character . but to me , it's a lot ... yeah , but at least the grammar is easy . my mother tongue is portuguese , where a regular verb usually has more than fifty different forms with up to six tenses and three moods . after learning that , ... i know we're not supposed to speak in other languages here , but since it was such a simple phrase i assumed there wouldn't be a problem . but anyway , you just look chinese to me , that's why i asked . i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6ABpjyc1Gs crazy sound ! the traditional and contemporary instruments go really well together . changeling 你是中国人吗 ? btw , if you don't mind me asking , what is that poster / calendar on the background with a sheep and something that looks like a deformed baby ? somehow it looks strangely familiar ... bonjour ! je ne suis pas infp et je ne parle pas encore bien le français car j'étudie ça depuis seulement 5 mois , mais nous pouvons parler de types de la personnalité en anglais ou en français ( je ... piano and guitar ( mainly acoustic and electric fingerstyle ) . i can play bass too but i rarely do so , the frets are too large and it feels uncomfortable . wish i could learn an instrument from the ... http://i.imgur.com/8Ss4P8F.gif following your logic , if you end up having a bad experience with every personality type , you'll never pursue anyone ever again . let's hope that doesn't happen ... he wanted to get intimate soon , you didn't . now you want to get intimate ( or not , maybe i'm reading it wrong ) but he gave up trying . so apparently he's not the kind that likes to wait , and you're the ... '