' dear infj gal , i've never thought i'll fall in love and have someone fall in love with me at the same time . but you did . everything you've done up until when i popped the question were your hints ... dear self , a woman once said to you that you've a pair of kind eyes . it was a revelation to you . but the bigger revelation is how this woman had a crush on you when both of you were 14 and sat ... when my paternal grandma passed away , i didn't shed a tear at her funeral . when my maternal grandma passed away ( i was the only person at her deathbed ) , i didn't too . both of them doted on me ... i ’ d never imagined how profound an impact was watching the parental units parent the nephew . it can be a harrowing and therapeutic experience because the methods the maternal unit used haven ’ t ... dear self , if you are an infj and with almost everyone you've met recently telling you how much of a deep thinker you are , what have they not realised or said about the depth of your emotions ? ... thesedays sorry to hear about the meeting you had . if there is anything at all , you can find support here . the pc forum stuck a label on infjs . we're not the executives . we're not the scientists . i think there is a reason for the label the protectors . perhaps we should pause and think about who do ... hans christian andersen is one of my favourite authors . there are some lessons we can take from the emperor's new clothes . do we want to be the men and women in the crowd or the ... are there things you enjoy doing ? if yes , maybe you can think about doing it with her . having my intuition validated . the corporate world is skewed to the e's advantage . like the world and society , no one should expect fairness and being treated with dignity or kindness . you may be remembered forever for being a ... i can identify with what you are going through . i've worked in five jobs during my career and where i currently work , my boss ( female ) told me a few times that i was too emotional . she ... dear self , 1 . the need to prove yourself always will kill you one day . 2 . one moment , you think you're good enough . the next , you feel the overwhelming sense of being crushed when you think you ... when i was a lad , i rail at injustice . with all of that logic in this world , surely there would be at least one person who can see through the crap for what it is and stand up against it . then , i ... dear self , you've stopped believing in the day when you'd fall in love with a woman . but there are people in your life whom you love : your pop , your mom , your little sister and her kid .  ... dear xxx , i remember looking into your eyes when you exclaimed , i know this is a very unfair system . they told me how helpless you were . being cynical , i could have thought for a moment you ... with a score of 4 , i've got the lowest score so far ... hi infjian , what you said describes me perfectly . i gave a lot to friends who needed help , or at the very least , a listening ear . i remembered when i was doing my undergraduate studies in a ... have never won . =P ohnoezitsjoez : i'm 36 and i'm living perpetually in friendzone since the day i realised that women are attractive . how am i feeling today ? sad and depressed . alone and heartbroken ... : thank you . will bear your words in mind . i'm probably just at the starting point of a long , long journey . scary in itself , but i guess i don't have a choice . but thanks again . depressed . i come from a place where there is perpetual summer . but of the four , it's definitely autumn . dear bronze crow , i was on the verge of tears when i came to those words . i told my shrink tonight about my suicide plans , depression and then add . he wanted to work on the depression first but ... dear self , things you learnt today : 1 . if a lass leaves you wondering whether or not she is interested , chances are ... she isn't . 2 . a cat as a pet has been upgraded from a want to a ... you know what ? reading some of the posts in this thread just makes it more difficult ( than it really is ) in believing in the goodness of mankind . it makes it hard for some to think that the world is ... inwardoh : thanks . this hasn't been the best of days for me . i will bear your advice in mind and revisit it when i do not have too much to deal with . =) my apologies if this has derailed the ... inwardoh : thank you . i told him i was diagnosed with dysthymia , and said i felt well enough to deal with most sh * * e being thrown my way . he explained that it was my choice but asked why i ... my sincere thanks and appreciation to everyone who shared . at this moment , i am experiencing high anxiety levels . i can't think properly ( am trying to get things done at work ) , so please forgive ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KYp4nUAqEs&NR=1 wished i could be like you . t-t as for my username , it's a french word . it expressed how i felt most of the time in the past . ( i prefer another word , but i reckon it's for another thread someday ) . she had to choose ... the day of my birth ... for our second date . am revelling in this state of mind where two distinct voices in my head are arguing the merits of springing on her a surprise on ... dear ohtomicho , * hug * sincerely , your fellow infj * * * dear angel , perhaps you are watching me right now . there is clearly a lack of expression on my face . but if you could look into my heart now , you will see that it's bleeding . wave upon wave of ... dear someone-who-is-on-the-verge-of-being-shuttered-down , you tweeted this without addressing this to anyone . but i know you are talking about me . when someone says he hates celebrating his ... dear anyone who understands , it's easier to accept and work with mediocre leaders , but it is extremely harder to accept leaders who choose to be mediocre and still cannot be bothered . regards ... dear boss , where is the leadership when you need a prod from your underling to get things moving ? do you feel like you deserve that pay cheque you get every month ? sincerely , your infj ... dear self , you get your emotions at an ebb when you don't get enough sleep . but you're so used to the thought that life seems to be more real when you are filled with sadness . or that your empathy ... dear cheer chen , you probably have no idea how your songs are a rich source of emotional solace for an infj who is feeling crummy this morning . it will be swell if you are an infj too .  ... dear coffeebelle , hope you get a call and a great offer soon ! regards fellow-infjer parts i can identify with are in bold . goodolddreamer : i'm six years older than you are , am still single and feel like it's a long way way from ... finding someone who accepts me enough ... i love it when people are genuine and say the words they mean , not just for the sake of small talk or just to conform . i love it when they show genuine emotions ( especially sadness or anger when ... ... and then you feel bitterly disappointed when , in your hour of need , none of them could do the same for you . or even if one decides to stick around , they won't want to do it the second time round ... ppolly nice ! another fellow infj joins the ... guild . lol welcome and enjoy your stay here ! =D coffeebelle thank you for sharing this . =) my heart and mind need this reminder , but my brain always refutes this with , after the dawn , the dusk will come . lol ditto for me . t-t a have-never-been-kissed-except-from-me-gramps infj dear vitamin c tablets , you rock . except for a few small sniffles , you might have helped my creaking bod to drive out the darn viruses . i shall start stocking up on your comrades . thank you .  ... ormazd just watched it . loved it . dear boss , you forwarded me an e-mail at 5.11 pm , asking that i handle a piece of work . i checked the time stamp of the original e-mail . it says 10.45 am . that e-mail states 4pm as the deadline for ... vivid melody : down with flu / infection + 1 . t-t '