' your message made me think of this : 377874 it's cool to have a great instrument and play it but for what purpose do you play it ? and think about this , every artist from takes breaks from their ... invisible tree , watch your head . i believe in jesus ... i am a little religious but i am not much of a fan of organised religion or churches , i thing there are some priests who are gifted and some who are not that much , i believe the ... hehehe , when i was a kid i used to take the sugar ball and start pressing my tongue to the sugar so sugar would stick to it ... so i would have a sweet tongue . :) i've cut my sugar ration since then ... when i'm nervous i will start making silly jokes or say silly stuff that only sounds funny in my mind and when i will wake up from that feeling , i will start regretting many things that i've said ... hey , from my perspective and experience with several enfjs , it matters alot on what tone she is using and what follows afterwards . you can get alot more info from the tone and the way she says that , ... yeah ... i decided on the last minute ... there were a few people who made me feel like they want me to be there so i went ... and it was awesome . :D i actually could go to a party with ( mostly ) nfs and it would be a cool party , i've been there in past years and it was great ... i've been feeling kind of depleted of any energy for the past weeks , ... oh wait , enfjs ( and infjs for that matter ) have random thoughts ? : tongue : i thought js would have their thoughts mostly in order and focused on their path , as opposed to xnfps who just go with the ... i think out of all the types , enfps are the most present around me and in my life and they have been some of my best friends so far , but when it comes to romance , for some reasons we were always ... i am a christian , i don't have much faith in church leaders but i do have faith in my religion and what it teaches . i am not that selective about my friends , i could have friends of any religion even ... hey , i have read all that you said and first i want to say i really appreciate your long message , but mine will not be that long because i really need to sleep now . :) i would point out this , i ... despair to me is lack of any hope ... i would be really desperate and i was in fact when i was lacking something that i viewed as mandatory and that i could not live my life without ... in time i learned ... i think the key is that you mentioned it's about your life : wink : , in this case you can choose whoever you want to be a part of your life , including mostly people with fe ... we have a limited amount ... thanks for your advice and support ! : happy : well , it is a messy situation and unfortunately sometimes i seem to be attracted to these messy situations because i want to help make things better . i ... i hope this will make some sense ... i think i should mention first i'm an enneagram type 9 so i need harmony in my life and i strive and fight to achieve it . so the story ... i volunteer for a non ... roxanne you push my heart in many ways only to struggle to find a place for what it means for both of us to love , to smile to share a bus . each time i try for you to hold you burn my hands ... i think the key word here is crush / boyfriend . :) you could do all the things mentioned here by everybody , if there is no spark they will love it and appreciate you but you will not win them ... ferin , that sounds like an intj i dated , she was a bit immature ( almost always wanting things her way ) and unhealthy too , jealous of my friends and she would not like me visiting my parents without ... i show alot of my emotions and i show it but in subtle ways at first ... i will try to be clsoe to you as many times as possible , try to talk to you and find out things about you , things that touch ... i am not really competitive with other people , i look to them for inspiring ideas but that's all . i see no point to it but if somebody comes and is competitive in a pushy way , i will stand up to that ... oh man , don't be sorry , you have nothing to be sorry about , i thought it was cute and funny . : happy : we all make silly mistakes sometimes , there's nothing wrong with it , it's not like we're robots or ... ummm ... no , i'm definitely infp for sure , and enfj would not ask how to compliment , they would just do it with a big irresistible smile on their face and get away with whatever they say somehow ... it's ... hey , so this is really personal , so the message may selfdestruct if i will decide it's too personal to post ... it's also why i am posting it here and not starting a thread . : tongue : to give a ... but that's the thing , i think healthy infps , like maybe healthy people in general do make it an important thing to be a good friend and not just a good friend but also a good lover , for me it is part ... i actually was on a roadtrip through europe a month ago or so and been to amsterdam as well . :) i love travelling so i'd definitely be up for another trip somewhere ... seeker , there is much truth in your pattern about infps , but you have to keep in mind that like any other feeler we tend to oscillate based on what we feel . probably alot more than other j feelers ... love this video : everything wrong with the world in 2.5 minutes . sorry if this offends you . heh , i work in it , so much about writing creatively and i've been to a workshope were the teacher was saying like , hey , we'll work and get something out of you ... made me feel like what i was writing ... hey , sounds to me like what was working was the emotional part while all the other ingredients did not function right . it kind of makes sense , it doesn't sound from what you described that you were ... if an infj has hard time reading them ( and you guys are renown for your super intuition ) ... i now feel a whole lot better . : laughing : saw your post from another thread telling the story of this relationship , was really curious , why did it end and are you still friends ? hey , well , this goes to show why us infps are not really renown for our intuition , but for other qualities . :p roud : i know what you mean about emphaty and no advice and it's weird ... i was at a ... that's so awesome that you do that ! i wish i could do something like that but i usually do it only when they request it . plus i am so perfectionist about how i do kind gestures that there is a huge ... depression for me is connected really well with my expectations of life ... it's funny , i have moments when i think my life's a mess and i would change so many things about it , i'd do things i am more ... summer it comes with distant memories of happiness and fun a dejavu of joy and games while bathing in the sun . unready to reveal herself and make your core burn wild you see it in a distant ... that is officially stolen , it was so hilarious ! : laughing : i watched over and over again and gary oldman is awesome , all of them were cool , either entering a character or being natural about it but ... awesome story ! i loved reading it and the passion that drove them nuts at first but turned positive and got them together once they listened to each other ... and how they are so different ... it's so ... stop talking . start listening to her . accept what she has to say and don't use a logical mind , you can say your opinion but accept that she is entitled to make her own decisions , even if those are ... i feel you man ... i know how that is , i've felt that so many times , reminded me also of a moment with an intj ex when we were after the first date and i grabbed her hand ( pretending not to lose her ... hey , i'm really happy for you : happy : , infjs are awesome and also very rare ! the ones i met were not all that interested in degrees and maybe had their own issues to fix but they were always ... you know , i never actually understood this one ... : unsure : hmmm ... i think it's prostitution only if you stay with him and have sex with your fiancee because of the financial aid he provides for you . i don't know if this is an exageration , it was long time ... hey , you're welcome and don't worry , you will find more than one person in life who will be on the same wavelength as you , to be able to talk freely about your hopes and dreams and things that ... hmmm , but it's not really relevant to compare today's divorce rate with the one that was decades , hundreads of years or even more in the past . people are still pragmatic , what changed is not that ... from my experience , loving someone without them knowing doesn't bring anything good , it ends up in a form of unhealthy obsession . also , he seems to be putting space between you too , trust me , when an ... why are you grinning / laughing ? ( colleague at work at whom i was of course not paying attention to ... happens alot in many situations to zone out , imagine something and laugh about it :) ) well , if you remember things after 7 that's still childhood you know . :D i do remember things from my early childhood though ... in fact i remember a lot of things because i have a kinesthetic and ... i don't have a ritual but if i don't crash down immediately after coming home and fall asleep on the couch or wherever , i love to listen to some romantic relaxing music before i fall asleep ( for like ... hey snazzy , sorry to hear about that , but well , they at least did a good thing , they had you : happy : ... it's not your responsibility or fault for their issues . my parents told me that i was a ... '