' part two : in relation to my procrastination tendencies : i have both fluctuating levels of concentration and discipline . : confused : a 4 - wing could actually incorporate ideals or ideas that are reflected in personal expressions which can be experienced as flirting with matter . anyone can enjoy interaction , but some make a game , ... because ... i tend to day dream . i am somewhat nostalgic . i don't express myself enough publicly during times . my romanticism allows me to reflect on myself and others . i am genuinely ... yes . it's quite refreshing and energizing . though it's probably unhealthy . and similar to all of those other , unhealthy drinks . i don't drink it much these days . i was 11 and demanded to inherit my mother's worn out mobile phone . it felt like a necessity as i was approaching the age of 12 : my gosh , another expression of maturity ! i was intrigued by the ... i'll speak on behalf of a particular sociological entity as such standards differ in , say , certain parts of africa . the idea that marriage is the highest form of symbolic representation of ... born in 1991 . came in touch with the computer at age 9 to 10 . mostly games , then internet browsing . then came the amateur design of sites and debating in forums . also a lot of focus on music ... strangely creepy and surprisingly practical medium . most people who meet me call me friendly , despite my detached or serious demeanor . even when i am acting more feisty ( but not when i'm critical , grumpy or negligent ) . 5 ' s can be incredibly consumed ... affection through action or words . it isn't always as easy to monitor ... my withdrawn nature tends to be rather confusing at times . i may behave in an oblivious manner . i have yet to learn to ... no . annoying typist ( wrongly stereotyped ) comments about intj's : * heartless * boring * consistently on par with all things needed to be mastered * too smart for you i surely do . 1.1 ) there's not much more fun than supporting a rebellious cause by finding better things to do with the excuse of developing my sense of individuality . 2.1 ) sometimes i just ... lovely original post , mate . me ? i never fart . when my body desires to express itself through smell , it releases a perfume of roses through my navel . this is one of the greatest threads i've read here in a while - it aligns with a lot of my views so that's why i feel that way about it . i believe it can be helpful to view all functions as ... what is it you disagree with ? & are you asking to discuss the potential of entj types ? it was a pleasure having you around , good bye and be well . nice comment .  ... i don't really care about typing the characters so i'm kind of a spam element here saying i really enjoyed that movie . well that's about your individual talents , you know . f . e . i know what my strong sides are because i've been told this stuff numerous times by all kinds of people , also professionals such as ... this is very interesting . it's not about conscious and rigid inclinations only , it's also about unleashed , subconscious cognitive potential . this fits very much with my original wish to ignore ... i thrive off conflict unless it seriously cuts into my personal sanctuary . though even that is a challenge . but we all have limits to our energy , and even emotions , of course . so eventually ... some tests are better designed than others , i know , it's bothersome , but at least there is plenty of information out there to gather knowledge about functions / type dynamics and figure out where you ... i believe you can have developed skills which may look like a certain function ( f . e . fe ) , but that it doesn't mean your cognitive layout suddenly includes fe if you're actually an entj . cognitive ... in 14 days it'll be your birthday and you're not even here to read it but this is so that i have as many posts as you had on my birthday ! happy early birthday ! confettifession : i imagine pc as an outside-my-real-life dumpster : a place for people to vent , hide / share their secrets , work on themselves or simply unwind . sometimes i joke it's like a psych ward ... [ reads signature ] will the truth find me here ? i came , i came and i came . make your needs , priorities , limits clear - as a friend . ( it can be as simple as discussing your concerns ! ) in the worst cases , it might end up in some fights , but if you're good friends you're ... starting from the main idea that everyone has some type of ignorance ( let it be related to a lack of objective sight , a lack of patience , what not ) ... i love how you proved your ignorance by letting ... you're good presence . ... the more you realize you know nothing . you're ok on most days , too . esp . when you post a lot on my birthday . * smile * public transportation is a handy thing , sometimes . though i'm sure you prefer the smell of your own car , plus the fact it doesn't restrain you to time tables . i would have the time of my life , on the condition that i get after school activities with all types . this made me lol subtly hahahhaha .. ( these are archetypes ! ( symbolism ) so don't take it too literally or it's going to sound too one sided :D listen carefully and enjoy . ) youtube - enneagram archetypes 1-5 with david fauvre ... 41 to 50 points : others see you as fresh , lively , charming , amusing , practical and always interesting ; someone who's constantly in the center of attention , but sufficiently well-balanced not to ... pen and paper needed ! youtube - all_personality . com enneagram video we're talking about a statistics / math student , let's see ... your private parts look like someone's been measuring them with a red and blue marker ! comfortable : dance around , talk , drink some ( i'm usually not a heavy drinker ) , maybe smoke a little , play / act silly / get to know people . probably hang out with a couple of different people every time ... rawr . aight . again ; that wasn't the main thing going on though . i don't really see this post as related to / focused on me . he actually mentioned more about other examples . it's a shout-out in general . i ... i'm happy you gave your opinion to me , honestly . i just find you were off topic and you also seem very convinced of your views / your typing manners , plus on me in regard to type without really ... first of all , this post was about entjs + being mistyped in general . he was reasoning from his own point of views and just mentioned he had talked about it to me recently . he's not having my back ... that wasn't the point of this thread . the shit is turned into gold after being put in the hands of a good spirited ntj . nice work ! i like how you laid out a couple of mechanisms . http://robinb0s.nl/school/wp-content/uploads/2007/02/case-closed-stamp.gif intp on mypersonality.info actually . just took it once and then left it again but i can recall it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OTsLn7VugQ you can do it pinky . '