' you're welcome , moonious . so guys , anyone here actually made use of the strengthsfinder results to find their talents , and make use of them ? in case you believe that focusing on one major or specialisation is limiting , consider this . the time you spend digging a shallow but wide hole can be equally spent to dig a deep but narrow hole ... hey moonious , are you secretly bat-woman ? :) why else would the image be upside down ? bump . basically , intps tend to have either intellection , ideation or learner as their top themes . i have all three myself . i've tried tons of things . go from general to specific . understand the general message first , then try to fill in the details if necessary . use techniques related to attention , visualization , ... i'd like to know too . gimme a message when you find out . the more jungian of you will recognize that jung defined extroversion as esxx and introversion as inxx , that is , extroverts naturally prefer the sensory and introverts prefer intuition . this is ... it depends on the circumstances . if you have a multitude of passions to fulfill , and having a passionate career will disable you from fulfilling most of them , then i'd say that a career that pays ... : does it matter whether we do the career of our dreams ( especially those which are hard and underpaid ) , or a job that allows us to live the way we need / wish to ? if you ... some time ago i made a list of 40 + things i want to do before i die . don't know where i placed it though . for the past one year i have a similar experience . i'd try and get a ' complete ' understanding and get stuck due to lack of material that explain things sufficiently ( i'm mostly doing independent ... ningenexp : i did not do any research on tritype theory . question though , if tritype theory is accepted , how do the proponents suggest we distinguish between a 641 and a 461 ? this problem is ... it's not really the artistic part ... art is simply a consequence of being a four . it is not what fours are centred on . fours ' attention revolve around their uncertainty about their identity . they ... n i t s u r e i : however , i hope i'll be fine here for as much as i'm here , and i will talk about interesting things , disspare some of my doubts about mbti , and answer some threads when i ' ll ... loose structure , but good rhyme and rhythm . enjoyable . parallel worlds exist , and each world contains different challenges . i'd mainly prefer a martial arts world , renaissance-like world and a world based on norse mythology . to follow the analogy of boxes , there can be a box within a box . for example , we have four separate boxes a , b , c and d . inside these boxes we wrote down character traits on paper . the character ... another interesting way of thinking about this is that within any given variation , microscopic variations exist . that doesn't mean that each layer of variation cannot be categorized . people can ... 1 . most judgments about human beings are generalizations , not absolutes . if people can keep this in mind , they would not complain about other people making and using generalizations ... describe your own appearance . ugly . first , we should consider that perhaps the cognitive functions as we know them today are a recent emergence , and hence the time for our extinction has not yet come . anyone who tried to learn about ... you can try out the vark learning inventory test . if you score low on reading that might explain it . please note that mbti doesn't ' box ' people in ; it's more of a which description fits you most ? kind of thing . the thing with hypothetical constructs is this : defining the elements of a construct is ... i neeed to philosophize . a friend of mine who is not from the us wants to apply to a us college . he has not taken his sat tests yet . the next sat test won't be any time soon , so is it too late for him to start college in ... you're welcome . : happy : i'm not appealing to them about my emotional welfare . i told every one of them about me being depressed and the end result led to this . honesty isn't always the best ... the fact is they do not have your best interests in mind now . so now , you have to devise an alternative strategy . don't make decisions based on delusions . a man convinced against his will , ... vivianescrooge : being a multi-modal learner ( see vark learning model for information ) , if i combine audio-visual , reading and kinesthethic learning techniques i will learn very quickly . hence , if ... only true for things i find trivial or tedious . this happens all the time . :( i only enjoy sleep when i'm sleepy at the time i go to sleep . for those of you who entered or are entering university / college during the second half of the year ( july-december ) , what was / is the month of your intake ? additional information for how long it ... he doesn't . but he feels the need to be understood . if he can't trust people to sincerely listen to him and offer help , he can't fulfill that need . of course , for me , i would rather re-examine ... the painter smudges the sun with pitch black ink , this doesn't look right he then thinks , he colored its surroundings with black and blue and painted the sun ecliptic white too . they then ... : since we got the same answer despite using different methods , the figure should be correct . figuring out the equations was fun . snow leopard : very often there is no heavenly and elegant equation with a solution for careers . career decision making might be easier for sjs though , given that they often gravitate towards ... pwarren : can you state what values you got for x when s = 1 using your equation ? don't you have some grade 12 math knowledge if you are doing some economics question ? on your other thread it seemed like you already got your answer though . i'm not familiar with programming so i couldn't check the answerer's work . and notation on computers are atrocious t_t . i ... lack of drive for externally measurable excellence . consider that if people learn what they really should learn , political people and those in power would have a hard time controlling the masses . that aside , i'm all for the trivium curriculum ... so ... regarding the probability of admission to top tier schools , a foreign student with 3bs for his a levels would definitely get rejected right ? let's say he wants to go for a mathematics program . arrow : assuming that the observation is true , it could be because men were given more opportunity to develop such functions in the first place , hence causing them to become differentiated as ... provide these answers : let wealth = x , size = f . what are the interval sizes of your wealth data ? i am assuming you are using continuous data , so it would be something like this : 0 < = x < = ... skepticism and open-mindedness are not opposites . cynicism and open-mndedness are . it is not necessarily true that science is about discovering what is false . rather , finding falsity is a ... here's my take on this : the thing with gender is that it is randomly determined by biology . as for personality types , there is a period in which individuals are undifferentiated . this ' trial ' ... care to fill me in , site administrators / founders / etc ? edit : admins , please move this thread to the suggestion forum . thanks . as an intp , it would benefit you greatly to experience tons of things in your teens . do all kinds of things . have one major project ( doesn't involve achieving anything , just experiencing what it's ... it's usually a good thing for a perceiver to obtain enough information before making decisions . that said though , there are information that can only be obtained through self-experience . if this ... dear 5w4 intp , you have a ripe imagination . but you often use it to create an imaginary and illusionary foe . you idealize the obstacles to your goals . you make the goal seemingly insurmountable ... hm . ok . the op phrased the question in a realistic context , so i chose the one i find to be more stable . '