' http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/11940-where-do-all-intjs-hang-out.html yes . i won't answer that question . : ninja : no . i think i wouldn't be fine with that . but in regard to your question , yes , i think so . but maybe i took your question too literally . and maybe i even did so on purpose . to convert oxygen into carbon dioxide . i think there's no point in trying to make sense out of such behavior , so my advice is to just run , forrest , run . relates . yes . and you already have the answer . the one thing i do kind of like as gifts is completely useless , possibly kind of personal , cute , maybe nerdy stuff ( aka trash ) i ... you should've told us about this before , since this is rather crucial information . i can relate to her now . it's always the same with this kind of questions ... anyway , i wish you all the best . what's the point of this thread ? yeah , i can relate . long time reader , posting only every now and then , never made a thread . why should it matter , whether it's one of our own or any other type ? that staggers me now . i , for one , didn't want to burn anyone . i was just giving my opinion , because i could not relate to ... but it's all about the reaction . i think there's a difference between snooping mom and searching the internet for public information . i was also assuming that a private profile is private and ... twitter makes it strange . but that may be lack of twitter knowledge on my end . why can't she have private chats with a regular account ? if twitter doesn't have that , why use twitter for such chats in ... yes , she was being honest . but i'm not sure if he really broke her trust or if she's rather controlling / abusive . the difference with me is that i wouldn't be in this position in this first place , ... i also completely get the crossing a set privacy boundary point . but i also think the problem is more complicated than that . the gf declares a ( in my opinion ) rather strange privacy boundary ( the ... i think the real question is who wouldn't have looked ? . i mean seriously , one has to be rather naive to think that such a glaring hey ! look ! i'm having a secret here ! but you must not look ! ... that sounds rather stupid to me tbh . i don't do twitter , but i guess i have another idea of what a private account is supposed to be then . anyway , now i still don't get her reaction unless there ... i don't get how the heck you managed to find ( an supposedly intj's ) private account in the first place ? : confused : hell , you wouldn't even be able to find my public account , if i didn't want you to ... if that is really the case , you might even want to consider deleting your fb account completely , which would solve the problem as well . i don't really use facebook , but if anything i also think that ... i guess i liked it when i was i child , but once i reached a certain age , i considered it rather stupid to dress myself up . but it will be fun ! . no . :d ry : but does it matter ? seriously . you don't seem to like the guy , so just unfriend him . doesn't your brother have a fb account ? i hate costumes . i was about to write exactly this . yes , i'm very hard to read , because i tend not to give people anything . i can be quite surprised when i see myself on pictures in situations where i know that i ... https://www.facebook.com/help/172936839431357/ you're welcome . thank you . you don't have to go , if you don't want to . it will be just the two / few of us . scientists have discovered a new xxx . xxx is working on a new project / is releasing a new ... substitutes ' bench . and here's a good read on why there's no proof about the resurrection of jesus at all : why i don't buy the resurrection story : the main argument ok , i understand . just try to move on then and forget about her . and try not to get bitter . maybe even try to be happy that you saw her real face before it was too late . at any rate , you don't need ... are we still talking about the same person here ? the same close friend you wanted to share a retirement home with ? actually the second comment sounds rather vindictive to me - due to you being ... i get your point and i even relate , but i also slightly disagree ( maybe that is me coming from the male perspective ) . i also assumed that they already know each other and my response was written ... i just saw your other question and i think the i like you , let's eat some frozen yogurt is indeed maybe a little too aggressive , because that doesn't give the guy a real option and he might feel ... do you care about what people usually do ? why ? i don't give a shit - i value people who do what they think / feel is right . such gender roles are just stupid . example : what makes more sense / seems ... 489178 so , i can relate . if that is because i'm intj , gently shy , very introverted or even slightly schizoid , i don't know - maybe a little of each . i think one aspect is that i don't want to ... in my fantasy . on a slightly more serious note and without going into personal details : that's actually a good question and i wish i had a proper answer . like others have said , i also think it ... that depends on the individual , but i think in general it's rather unlikely ( i . e . more so than with certain other types ) . i don't . so there's that . edit : here's a list of my reasons : - i suck ... https://www.google.com/search?q=intj+hmmm+translator&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi7iYSeisjJAhUHBiwKHXNNCGMQ_AUIBygB&biw=980&bih=1675 i also suspect a lot of people here aren't intj . i , for one , become very skeptical , if an intj is abusing apostrophes to denote plurals for example . be on your guard and expect the worst ! i'm mostly pissed about our prayers are with paris . religious bullshit ( that is because religious bullshit is the problem in the first place ) , i'm also pissed about religion in general and i'm ... 49 % intj 22 % infj 14 % intp 5 % entj 3 % enfj suits ( that's what i think i am as well ) . no . i certainly won't trust you on that . if anything , i might assume it's the case . some thoughts : lots of people are unsure about their type themselves . so someone telling you i am a xxx ... 420914 do you get black ( possibly bad ) humor ? l can only speak for myself , but i am not like that at all . also going by the many comments of intjs i've read on this forum , i'd say such a behavior is rather untypical for intjs . but people are ... i would still choose the person over the stupid painting . i'd also love to see the person , that is choosing otherwise , explain how reasonable choosing the painting was , while the person is ( for ... i think what happened here , is that the intj person ( or whatever type the person is ) is a jerk . and that goes for all 3 replies . :d ry : i also don't know , if said person is a bad person , but well ... ^ ^ ^ i cannot relate to any of these points - well , good for me then i guess . as for empathy : i might not express it and there might be situations where i think it is not warrented though - but that ... no you should not ( also note my if anything ) - i don't want to convince you otherwise . save whatever you think ( or feel ) is right . the point where you lost me though , is where you ( still ) didn't ... i'd like to add one last comment to my initial sarcastic comment on that one ... as has been stated already : no . it is not a great test for that . in particular , the notion that those people who ... it is indeed . yes , it does . i ( obviously ) don't care about this particular painting at all for example . so for me , it is not the painting . and i'm sure i'm not the only one . that still didn't answer my ... you didn't answer my question . so you are making a difference between a painting and a child . why ? reg . the painting : that is your opinion . so , according to you , destroying a painting ( or any other object for that matter ) and ( for example ) shooting a child are also equivalent ? do both deserve the same sentence for example ? shouldn't make ... i can only speak for myself , but i do care about art . a lot . but i do only care about the art i like and i don't care so much about the original painting . in my opinion the actual art has been ... '