' because we cared more about your thread ? because you phrase it in a way that will attract intps ? because intp is more reflective and investigative , so we found your thread ? you have too many misinterpretations of my posts . i already answered your questions but you're the one that's looking for a debate . and i refer to that moral dilemma that belongs to a debate ... this should be in the debate forum or philosophy , but maybe it could be posted here too . i have one difficult real life example : let's imagine a doctor only has the capability to save one ... that's right . but , the differences in our personality type could be just biologically influenced . if every individual is inherently capable to be balanced in whatever that they're doing , they ... i have to add though , being inferior will cause someone to build up some kind of self-defense mechanism to overcome his / her inferiority , which will end up with the inferior to feel superior than ... ah ... this is why it's better for me to avoid being opinionated . it's an explanation of why this is happening , not an argument against your view . i do think humans would ended up better if they're ... because it's inherent in social structure and hierarchy . some people are biologically more adapt , fitter , stronger , beautiful , than others . talking about this will lead me to think about communism , ... basically , the fear of differences and the pride of being different from someone that's considered as inferior . fundamental problem of society . i never dislike a certain personality type . but , ... intps could appreciate classical art or instruments . while i don't know about intjs , but most religious folks prefer the religious excitement or experience from it . i never understand those ... i would only burst their bubbles , if they need me to work hard to realize their vision , while they will not do much other than talking about their ideas . other than that , i usually don't criticize ... this is another type of stereotyping and categorization to compensate the weakness of an individual . similar to the thread bright people , bad grades , now it's gifted and bored people . in a ... who isn't ? if religion is as you said logical , there's no need for different belief system and emotional conflicts between them . you can't just declare that christian is the only religion that ... if it's not a military organization , then why the coercive methods done by parents ? they could just give the concept of religion without being coercive , and so obsessed with rituals and holy ... religion was at a point in time a great art . until politics came along with it . i don't like religious pop / rock music . but , i like the instrumental or classic ones . i've subscribed to various newsletters and mailing lists . lots of my mails went unread . i only read very few mails from friends or coworkers , other than billings and important mails . i scored 38 for that test . that's too high : confused : i tried again , and i got 39 : confused : well , the problem is you're pointing out the lack of focus and other types of unable to settle ... adhd-pi is different from the other subtypes of adhd in that it is characterized primarily by inattention , easy distractibility , disorganization , procrastination , forgetfulness , and lethargy ... adhd is not characteristic of intp , you have to stop correlating any psychological diagnosis that resembles you with intp . - i am not inclined to be active ( if active is as you said physically ... this is funny : happy : well , i don't celebrate christmas or new year . i used to follow people in doing this , but not anymore . i may do some kind of relaxation though , but not celebration . he doesn't kill randomly . he has a motive , and it's often that he considers which power to choose . they make a point from religion . yes , you could say that they're irrational to see that . reality is not something that comforts them . some of course also pretend to be religious for less pure ... success is being able to figure out what is success . i don't see a point in both arguments other than pointing out imperfections in each argument . if you want to know the mindset behind the religious in a simplistic way , it has the combination of ... usually , there are two kinds of people who gravitate toward me : - outcasts who only need to talk about their issues , problems , or ideas , instead of getting to know me . - people who need a solution ... as there really is no reason to fall in love or to live . that's why when someone asked something in this forum : could we replace fear with reason ? i addressed a more specific question which is fear of the unknown . my answer is , fear of the unknown ... it's actually not so hard to understand . as a human we could always make up anything that we stand for all our life . when we realize that many people agreed with what we stand for , then you ... hey scarygirl , maybe you need this for a motivation : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRxbgD8hZ8A i'm quite against the mainstream of society , so i understand what you mean by that . is it a coincidence that i registered to this forum ? i'm not so sure . there should be something that brought me here , and i honestly forgot what that is . the weird thing is , i definitely do not ... about the forum reset : it's like a part of your memory in your brain was missing , and could not be found . this is what it feels like . anyway , the point of university or college is independent ... i am lii . introverted logic and extraverted intuition perfectly describes me . ili is another side of me , but i tend to think that it's a waste of time being an ili . business is boring . don't think that business is interesting . it's only a bit interesting if you're already wealthy or have the selling potential to begin with . dealing with business plan , ... i think this notion of sweet is boring could be misunderstood , and you can't really judge her by the statement of the op . personally , i do think sweet in the sense of always making the best ... i'm not sure whether you agree / disagree with the question of stimulation . well yea of course arguing over small things are unnecessary . i never argued about dinner , because thinking about eating ... the fact that you did managed to have a child and a partner shows that you're more of a feeler than some intps who still struggled whether to have a child in their life or not , and to find the ... when i started such discussion , the other side tend to consider me as bad . most people just want me to agree with them , and give them soothing emotional support , instead of providing insight or a ... some intps are also like that . i don't like small talk , and i'm always struggling every time someone is doing that , and somehow i perceived them as having an ulterior motive or wasting time . when it ... i agree . i do feel some kind of thrill over arguments . it's a brain stimulation . but , not to the point where i'm under control or overpowered . neither grades , income , nor status is an indicator of intelligence , future success , or potential . you managed to get a great income due to your ability to fit in and perform within the industry or ... a pure art is an expression that correlates to human's natural appreciation of beauty . it's not a problem solving activity . i separate the general problem solving activity ( regardless of ... there's a period in my life when i was a little boy , where i don't really understand why people consider me as smart when i received good grades . it seems to me that i don't really understand or ... you're looking at it from a narrow point of view ( i don't know what to call it ) . if your creation turned out to be useful , you solved a problem . solving a problem doesn't necessarily mean you need ... what's your reason for being single or not having kids ? i will avoid spending my last breath on the hospital at all cost , even if it will cost my life . hah , creator of systems need to solve problems too , or else what's the point ? : tongue : istp , intj , or istj could also be a nerd . but intp has the potential to be a great nerd . nerd in that ... you should be more patient with her , since you got married with her . while in my case , in a way i am a part of my dad by genetics . so , it's like yelling at myself . yes , i sometimes met people like this . actually , with others i am more kind and polite , but to my dad , i tend to point out that i'm sick of hearing that kind of rambling . if i will die , i won't die in the hospital , that's the last place i will choose . i will choose a place where i could listen to music like massive attack , read a book ( maybe a book related to ... not a new market , but a new interest or a unique offering . you're still competing in the same market . you won't get a decent income if you don't try to compete in the same level like in the app ... didn't expect all of you are asians . anyway there's no one that knows more about asian than asian themselves . this forum , i suspect , has a lot more caucasians . i think it's because you're closer in age with him . '