' hello all ! i'm not even sure i'm allowed to do this , but i'm going to do it anyway because i think it's an important issue to address and because it's relevant to the topic of education . two weeks ... great points . my sister and i have been discussing this for a while , we've concluded that olivia is an enfj ( initially thought entj ) . she just happens to be in an entj position and tries to appear more ... i'm genuinely happy quite often . but i'm not always satisfied . and at the moment , i'm unsatisfied . damn ... that enfj / infp connection . i'm going through something similar right now . except i'm in the position of the guy . the infp girl i like is in a relationship - like you are . i'm not going to say ... at the moment , no ! :( i'm 22 . government - american politics major ( graduating in may ) . and i'm a strong advocate for human rights , and a living wage . i'm very socially liberal . but ... i try not to let that define me ... i use the internet almost exclusively to express my ideas - more ni . i can't do the fe thing online . i've tried it . it's not satisfying ; there's always something missing . i need to be out in the ... currently : yes ! because i'm focusing on me . i'm trying to find a job . i'm trying to do as much for people in the community i am currently a part of . if i were in a relationship , i'd be too busy ... my god ! i think i know who you're talking about - and i had my suspicions . this person use to tag me and write me things all the time . creepy . after a while , i stopped responding . the person is no ... i wish i had more male friends . i wish i knew what i want to eat . i wish i was certain about what i want to do with my future . i wish my mom would stop smoking . i wish time would freeze ... that's true ! :) maybe a part of me just hopes she's an infp . she gives me those vibes . and as much as i love enfps ( my co-supervisor is one ) , they don't tend to leave me feeling like i've experienced ... i'm not sure . something beautiful about it - especially in regards to infps . it's like i know something is going on in there . some strong emotion ( s ) . and i kinda want to gain a bit of ... in her interview with oprah , she talked about this speech . she explained how it was the most frightening thing she'd done in her life . i wouldn't expect to hear that from an enfp . entp . definitely an extrovert . definitely an intuitive . definitely has fe . but definitely not an enfj . lacks the passion and emotional intensity that we enfjs have . he also isn't a natural ... infp ! so much fi . i love her . i haven't been on here in a while , but i just wanted to vent my frustrations with the lack of a cuddle-buddy . i'm lonely . * sigh * i'm thinking about getting a dog . one of the most common names : william . :) frog palette for me ! you guys have beautiful eyes - very inviting ! ehhh ... lol . i guess i wasn't really clear . i was trying to make the point that enfjs do like to know where certain information comes from to determine if the information is reliable or not . that's ... ahhh ... i have one final question . when you guys have conversations , how deep do they go ? based on my experience , esfjs don't like to go there . it can be too much for them . enfjs , on the other ... ha . you made her take the test again ? if so ... things can go wonky because now she would be thinking about the answers more . i trust that the first test she took would be more accurate . and based on ... still sounds like an enfj to me . i know i prefer concrete examples over theoretical examples . i think it has more to do with fe than ni / si . i like concrete examples because i can relate them to ... and this is what distinguishes enfjs from esfjs . enfjs need the evidence because they do not like being provided with false information , nor do they like sharing false information . i know , for ... i think it's a combination of many things , including : 1 ) genuine interest 2 ) we hate jumping to conclusions without having all the details and 3 ) we understand that situations are inherently complex . omg ! welcome back ! we've missed you ' round these parts ! as you probably noticed , there are a lot of new faces . take the leap ! #yolo ' tis ! yes , i would elope . relationships are personal , intimate . i don't need the huge ceremony and fanfare to celebrate the union between me and my wife . it's our relationship . i want it to be just us ... i've already contributed to this thread . last year . but , i would like to elaborate . one of the reasons why i ask questions is to gain a greater understanding of a situation . most things aren't ... it's not just a trust issue . in fact , our reason — at least , my reason — for being surface is very simple : people don't ask . i've stated on this forum several times before that i refuse to volunteer ... it's also important to take on one thing at a time . you will simply be overwhelmed if you attempt to deal with more than one thing at once . the secret is triaging . see what problem needs immediate ... i chose my avatar because i love the movie , 50/50 . i also enjoy how the main character tries to remain strong and hide his pain despite how much he was suffering physically and emotionally . i also ... the reality is that unless you distance yourself from the people who are causing you stress and emotional instability , you will continuously feel left or right or upright or down-left of center ... yes ! i like to have a framework - not a detailed plan . it just makes life much easier . definitely nf . i've been around more than enough females to have come to this conclusion . sure relationships with other types can work , but they require a lot more effort - especially for an enfj ... the answer is simple : we want to be proved wrong . we already know that our shitty friendships won't get any better , but we hope , we desire , we pray that - for once - we will be wrong , that these ... this is off of his new , unreleased album . this man understands my life . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=aDDk5Th30J4# ! katie annoys me a bit in this interview , though . she appears to make frequent ( poorly informed ) judgements . check out this interview : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVX-M0AgUio oozes enfjness . i can relate so much . hmmm ... not like any esfj i've ever met . my mom and brother are both esfjs . it's all in the hands ! his hands do all of the talking . ahhh .. yeah buddy ! you're young . you have lots of time to fully embrace all your amazingness . anytime you need to talk , just pm me or something . hmmm ... if i were you , i'd tell her something like , hey boss lady . i love this job and i want to be the best employer i can be . recently , i've been finding it a bit hard to get things done to the ... lol . typical . no , but - due to society's socially constructed definitions of what it means to be a man and a woman - it has taken me awhile to fully embrace who i am . an emotional , loving , considerate , easy-going , ... lol ! dang .. that was low . i have discovered my purpose . be sincere . be honest . be me . treat people nicely . love . share . live deliberately . so , i just came to the realization today that drake is an enfj . i laugh when i think about all the criticism he has received for being too soft and too emotional . it must be difficult being in an ... '