' the heart / gut / head triad - before discovering the enneagram , i would have said i related most to shame . i'm definitely very aware of feeling self-conscious and being too concerned about what people ... it's worth noting that - - i'm not sure what general population keirsey / myers-briggs / etc was working with , but let's just go with the population of the us around the time keirsey published the ... i think it's either because 1 ) you don't know yourself very well 2 ) you don't recognize yourself in the language being used in the enneagram . the enneagram uses general language ... sometimes ... i love this show so much . it's not obvious to me . do you care to explain ? [ / quote ] because inxx types perseverate obsessively over ideas ( beyond all reason in many cases ) and want to find others who do the same . the ... oh i can guarantee you , the internet and tumblr in particular is positively * swarming * with infjs and infps . in many cases , they are discussing being infj / infp . of course there are some who rebel ... i was a very strange child ... i was shy around strangers but extremely goofy and talkative around family and friends . i was almost constantly lost in some bizarre daydream .. my imagination ... it's so easy to feel angry in close relationships . things that keep you mellow around strangers can totally set you off when it's someone you're really close to ... at least for me . i get angry ... i don't understand ... i really love that movie though ... good book too . :) none ... i always tested as infj and always knew it fit me . i have gone through stages of really admiring many other types and wanting to be like them ... that is , isfp , istp , intp , intp , and i ... i picked up the once and future king once but it just seemed to pale in comparison to mists of avalon ... which i think has pretty much ruined any other arthurian book / movie for me ... i actually first ... coffee , cereal with milk , greek yogurt with granola and chia seeds ... i have to eat breakfast or else i feel lightheaded and can't focus on anything . has anyone else read this book ? i found it really interesting from an infj standpoint . the main character is a pretty well-portrayed infj ( probably a reflection of the author's personality , because ... whenever i hear my phone buzz or ring , 9 times out of 10 i know who it is ( and i'm correct ) ... based on time of day / recent interactions etc . if i don't know who it is , i know that i don't know , and ... hey , it's not our fault . there are hundreds of thousands of pages worth of stuff written about infjs floating around the internet and a lot of it bullshit and not even written by infjs at all . the ... judging people is surely inevitable , but don't judge entire categories of people , i . e . mbti type . just see everyone on an individual basis . if you're using mbti to introduce more ways of categorizing ... maybe try not to think about mbti types so much . i really don't think going around mentally typing other people you meet is an appropriate use of the system . it's not necessary , and is clearly ... i am curious on why you guys feel this way ( s being isolated ) . n's are stuck in a mostly s word , being an intx myself , it is hard to find people who like me , my sense of humor , out there thoughts ... one of the things that get's in the way of ni for infj's is fe and ti . having these judging functions play tug of war with ni can throw ni out of wack if it hasn't been tuned in already . which is ... welcome to perc ! :) yes ! i've read that too , and it started me thinking about the inferior function . i remember reading that the first four functions are the ones we are conscious of , while the other four are not even ... eff both ni and fe . i've had enough of both of them . that's why i'm obsessed with se . it brings the balance you need . nowhere near enough info ! i think of my isfp best friend as simple but i mean it totally as a compliment . obviously it's a bad word , because it sounds like it means stupid , but obviously that's not what i mean , because ... there's nothing wrong with wanting to be left alone at a time like this . obviously people mean well , but there's nothing wrong with asking people to give you your space . you're the one who's ... i think fe makes infj more likely to be popular than other inxx . personally i was never very popular , but i'm sure my fe has helped me . i know a couple infjs who are very popular with their esfj / ... oh that's a mistake , it should be intp = isfj entp = esfj literally without talking to anyone ... definitely less than 24 hours . i could probably go one full day totally alone and be happy , but on the second day i would start to lose my mind . well you could do it that way . i went with 3rd + 4th , while yours is 4th + 3rd . personally , i could see myself acting as an istp much sooner than an estp . istps are still heavily-se dependent . and ... ok , i've developed a bit of a theory about our inferior functions . its just kind of stupid , and probably most people will disagree with it ( which seems to always happen with stuff like this ) but i ... eye have you ever considered just telling them how you were feeling ? like going back to your original message , when you saw your friends , you could have been like hey guys , i'm not feeling too ... i found myself pondering this today ... the difference between ni and ne seems like this : ne : the ideas come quickly - - you get a bunch of ideas when you think about stuff . you would probably find ... since that movie is basically based off a rollercoaster , i don't really feel that the characters are emotionally complex enough to have mb types ... ironically , i had the opposite experience . i was pushed out of stem because i wasn't good enough at math and felt like humanities were the only option for me . now i realize that math isn't as crucial ... fe is not loving people . :P also , if you were an istp , you're still an istp ... but you can develop your 3rd and 4th functions ... ni and fe . i've never understood what was so bad about being infp . ive never suspected i was one because i'm not that creative . ne seems like such a cool function , but it seems like too much work . i'm in awe of ... infjs are the least popular type ? ? definitely not ! i would guess that title would belong to intp or intj . but it really comes down to the individual . fe means being constantly aware of the emotional atmosphere you're in , and very easily picking up on the emotional states of others - - not just noticing peoples feelings , but actually * feeling * the ... to me , i think an ni-ti loop means that i'm obsessing over some idea ( ni ) but i keep rehashing it over and over again , making lists to describe the idea , pairing the lists down , scraping the whole ... it's so interesting to think that our third and fourth functions make up another type . its kind of like another self that's hidden inside of us . the functions are alien but familiar at the same time ... your dominant function is the one you use so often you might not even realize it's there , because it's just so normal to you . you can't turn it off , it's kind of compulsive ... it's so strong it will ... i honestly don't relate to this ... wish i did . i don't think people see me as special . i think people appreciate my ideas from time to time , when i manage to share them in a substantial way , but i ... tell them that when it comes to gaining self-knowledge , nothing is easy ;) i don't wear make up or do anything special with my hair , and yet i do feel that i care very much about how i look . i can't help it ; i want to be satisfied with what i see in the mirror . but i still ... people say this to me , but i just smile and shrug , because they're not really expecting any response , anyway . people will always judge you , no matter what you do , it's inevitable ... and people will ... absolutely ask her out / just to hang , there's nothing wrong with just asking her to hang out . why do you think she'd be hurt by you , wonder what if , etc ? ? there's nothing wrong with being ... nelsona 12 sounds like it's just a bad friend situation . they don't respect you for who you are , so why do you keep insisting you're still friends ? don't give over your time and college experiences ... that makes a lot of sense , because te is paired with either ni and or si - - so it gathers a lot of information that way , and then it uses that information to construct a theory ... similar to how ... this is exactly what you always read , but doesn't address the question . how can logic be personal or subjective ? that seems like a complete contradiction . maybe it has to do not with the content ... ... te and ti ? let me first say that i think i have a fairly good understanding of te and ti , in terms of how their users behave , and i * think * i understand what they mean conceptually . but i ... '