' yea , there aren't a lot of people around me who know the enneagram . it's sorta like reading a book to learn to code without actually coding ; it's hard . you got a skype ? if so , direct message me or we ... i'm an sx / so 3w2 and i'm trying to understand myself better ( because that's the growth for me ) , and i need your help . i was thinking of the question who are you ? in the shower today and this is ... i've been reading beatrice chestnut's the complete enneagram , and i am not sure whether i am a so / sx 2w3 or a sx / so 3w2 . as i was reading this book , i caught myself imagining ways that i could ... what do you mean by the necessity i don't know which type i am . i assume both types are other directed ( other directed means we focus on what other people are thinking about us . it is a defense mechanism which i believe stems from a ... shit i can't take your test , i'm 16 years old ; plus your test seems very suspicious . how well evolved are facial expressions ; if they are highly evolved it's highly likely that your method could work hey guillermo . i'm philip , and i don't really agree with tests on the enneagram because i believe that enneagram type is the unconscious basis for our thoughts and actions . i believe the best way for ... my brother is a self preservation 8 , and he's 13 years old . i'm a sexual 3 , and i'm 16 years old . i've always found it hilarious when my brother tries to bring me down when i'm annoying him . i have ... you seem like you're getting better . what do you mean by proving your type ? to be honest , i don't follow the school of mbti or jung , but that was what got me into personality types . the enneagram is ... so about what do you fantasize / daydream specifically ? interesting about the third point of view thing . that seems like a 9 thing , because they try not to focus on themselves and instead focus on others and what they think . your type is whatever your motivations are behind your actions , i believe . that's why it's important to notice your daydreams so you can see a pattern , determine the unconscious behavior behind it , ... that's interesting i do the same thing . so there's this girl i know whose dad and mom weren't married and her dad cheated on mom so they broke up and dad has a new girlfriend . the mom works for the ... that's the point of focusing on your thoughts . you see a pattern which shows you the unconscious motivation behind why you do it and then you know an unconscious mechanism of your personality which ... interesting how you daydream about others doing stuff for you because i don't do that at all . maybe that has to do with me being a type three . but recently i was thinking about little things coming ... i also worry about things . an example is once i was walking my dog , and my dog was taking a pee in this guys yard , and his garage was open which had lots of machinery which reminded me of american ... that's interesting and contradicts my theory that we daydream about what we want to be ... but again , that's referring to a specific type of daydream , and i do think about what i have to do tomorrow , ... why do you think you daydream about living on a different plant or in a different time ? is there something you dislike about the current world ? what are some of the things you do in your daydreams of ... also why do you think you daydream about that ? besides sex btw , because i'm trying to find a pattern and i'm pretty sure the majority of people daydream about sex i think their may be a correlation between what we daydream about and our enneagram type . i'm a sexual 3 and i daydream about giving intelligent speeches and responding intelligently in a televised ... post your repost here , even if i don't have patience for it , other people will benefit from it . that's if you want other people to know it before you write your book . i wanna see how schemes work , ... i read this article three basic orientations the three orientations are an expression of the law of three , on which the entire enneagram concept is based . this law states that there are three ... i replied in an old thread , but i think my reply deserves its own thread : as long as it's possible to determine enneagram type whilst focusing really hard during a conversation , i can master it and ... as long as it's possible to determine enneagram type whilst focusing really hard during a conversation , i can master it and make it become unconscious . enneagram type is just a loaded adjective to ... ix92ve already read two books on the enneagram and ix92ve just ordered two more . ix92ve printed out many of the posts on instinctuals and have done a lot of thinking about the whole system . i see this as ... here's what i think . in childhood , the needs that are more satisfied than others will be what your instinctual variant is . all of the instinctual are for the basic needs , but i need to go and ... actually , i wanna say sp / so i know this probably doesn't belong here , but here's what i think , tell me if you agree , on lights enneagram : so / sp : he definitely has intimacy as his weakest . i mean the whole thing he does is a ... i know this probably doesn't belong here , but here's what i think , tell me if you agree , on lights enneagram : so / sp : he definitely has intimacy as his weakest . i mean the whole thing he does is a ... yea , i totally agree with that . i do promote others a lot . makes sense . thanks makes sense since you go to 7 , thanks ; i wanna see where other type 5s go to see if there's a pattern i'm a type 3w4 sx / so , and i'm very submissive . i think this is because i integrate to 6 , which is a very submissive type . i wanna see if there is any connection with enneagram and sexual preference ... hey . i suggest you check out the enneagram as well , really interesting when i was younger i would pick up the book that looked the hardest and bring it with me to show my teacher i was reading an advanced book . i wouldn't really read it , it was just for show . could that ... when i was younger , i was playing soccer , a sport at which i sucked , with two kids i didn't like . anyways , i was disliking playing it , but i didn't choose to leave because i was afraid what their ... i looked up ice ice baby and i came across this guy richard cheese . got to be the funniest music ever , look up me so horny by richard cheese . have any of you read spiral dynamics or looked at clare graves work ? if so , how would you connect it with the enneagram ? i think fighting shows that we all make immediate responding before reasoning hey i do the same thing suddenly i open my eyes and saw a figure doing what looked like those knee pushups we learned in gym class the other day , on top of me yea , i'm new too . entp type 3w2 what is experience ? i guess , as that's what extroversion is , risk . so i watched fight club last night for the second time , this time with the enneagram in mind , and i came up with the following hypothesis i feel the narrator is an entp type 4 ( couch thing where ... so , i was thinking about metaphors , which got me to thinking about reasoning , and i made the following conclusions : introverted intuition = inductive deductive reasoning extroverted intuition = ... i just was thinking about how great a tv show based around the enneagram would be . send me a message if you want to join , i think this community could make it together . hey , i'm new too , send me a pm if u wanna text or something hahaha , so true hey , wanna be friends . send me a pm '