' when i get angry my pants rip and i turn green . when i get angry it is for a reason . i try to remain calm but , you know when i am angry when the vein pops out of my neck ok ... don't tell anyone but ... bambi my sister's keeper transformers ( when optimus died ) uhh .. that's it off the top of my head waitng for superman and book of eli i agree with counseling . my advice would be for her to relax and maybe not be so forceful . i mean the guy may feel pushed or forced to reinforce his feelings . she wants affirmation so much that he ... to me this is kind of a trick question as i eat breakfast at midnight and that is the only time . tv shows big bang theory how i met your mother glee arrested development quantum leap ya i was thinking that because it does create a monetary strain . whoa ... yes it is two in tandem . they play off each other and make multiple identities . dreamer .. thanks for the advice . the problem is i am up for a major job offer . and they are making insunations and i am worried that this can stop me from getting the job i am up for . yes i beat ... well it is slander . however , being a public figure i lose some of that protection . the website has no required sign up . the idiot is getting his vitrol to show up first on google . yes ... i google ... congrats ! ! ! the problem is its a co-worker that hides though i know it's him . i confronted him he denied it then mysteriously the online attacks got three-fold worse . going the distance . and date night a few ... i guess i don't know when to quit . this is not an issue happening on here with me but on another site . i am being attacked viscously anonymous people with false information but since i am a public figure i can't post on the site or i ... i have had battle this my whole life and my best advice is that there are advantages . 1 . you never have to worry about not fitting in an airplane seat or roller coaster . 2 . most likely not always ... i look right into their eyes as they are the windows to the soul . songs ... really crazy songs ... example ... i randomly started singing under the sea that little mermaid song . which quite frankly concerns me . it is possible that she is mirroring you . we do have slight degree of parroting . use soft tones and be welcoming . ask questions directly and remember you will get back what you put out . i think we enfj make inspirational leaders at times because we sometimes don't think about certain aspects and we seem like we are very courageous but maybe the the truth is we don't think about it ... well .. i think it is a generational thing . i do see people posting married and it usually either an inside joke or they want to be in some fantasy form . i think today marriage is considered as ... congrats sarek ! ! ! i agree with picard and riker so far the whole the girl who series not to question the brilliance of you supernaught but correct me if i am wrong there were two darlene's which one did you want ? anton yelkin ( charlie bartlett ) older me maybe ( john cusack ) congrats ! ! ! my mom is enfj .. no problems here . except when i was young she was always gone to events . i will be your friend ! yay ! hello new friend ! congrats ! snail ! you go ! ok .. showing my age . grandmaster flash dr . dre . ghetto boyz - mind is playin tricks on me snoop master p . eminem tech . kid rock vanilla ice tupac forrest gump - sorry it really is motivational to me legendary - rudy - i know it's lie but golly i like it hoosiers - percy jackson and the olympians enchanted i agree . however , i have come to be more thankful and responsive to those who do reciprocate . i let people know i appreciate the small things . most people today seemingly only care about themselves . esfp - i enjoy being with but i feel they live on that edge reality . i don't think the value of money or time comes into play . politics .. life ... entertainment and money dang superspeedy ! congrats ... man ... i keep watching a-team over and over . guilty pleasure . the girl who played with fire . that is awesome . i think 2011 will be good year for you . hey izzie .. welcome to the enfj side of town . what can you learn ? we are super supportive and it seems like most of enfj's understand each other . congratulations ! congrats ! ! ! easy a ... i like to roll with it everyone has potential and everyone has weakness . i think it is more important to build up than tear down . i think today in general more people are more likely to seek out flaws than someone's ... not that i am aware of . i saw a post in the nf forum but i don't think it happened . media . but it doesn't pay and politics . hello ! how are you ? congrats ! ! ! '