' i believe romantic attraction often causes intj's to get stuck in this loop , because te verification can lead to rejection . in situations where things are ambiguous with the object of your affection , ... i enjoy delivering lectures to large audiences , assuming i have had my requisite preparation time ( a lot ) . that is because i know that i am giving a masterful delivery and using my abilities to make ... this sounds like a new idea , and i'm curious how you see this . i hope you'll elaborate . not a question ( or a sentence ) . an intj might be able to guess your feelings based on actions , but being told where you stand provides more certainty . when it comes to something as messy as ... the notion that you have to love yourself at all times to be loved is obviously flawed . say your partner came home , down on themselves for making a mistake . would you stop loving them ? or would you ... it seems the only thing we can say for sure is that your biggest problem was communication , in spite of your explicitly problem-solving-oriented verbal infrastructure . if you have to tip-toe around ... sure . i work in an academic environment . i spot them regularly . i believe we understand one another more than most others . but we also keep a respectful distance . ships passing in the night . i can run things through te and believe i made no wrong decisions , based on what i knew or how i was going into a circumstance , but it often doesn't matter what te thinks . mistakes that i make , ... okay , so i'm not the enfp in the relationship . ;-) that seems like the kind of silly thing an enfp would do for me and i would love it . so long as it was drawn poorly . or she keeps her phone off when she doesn't want to be interrupted . one way or another , she is using her te-screen to the noise of the world at bay while she concentrates on what matters to her ... dear sailorstar , thank you for the thorough and thoughtful reply . your perspective on connecting with other people is beautiful . i doubt that even most enfp's could be so giving . your ... thanks for your insight . i tend to digest the information for a week or two , and then stop thinking about it entirely . beyond this , there's no further information to be gained . that's true unless ... the producer , it seems we are each fielding our own enfp-intj issues . i've backed off from enfp romance in the past because the intensity was uncomfortably high . i need to feel in control of a ... dear enfp's , how long do you reflect on something impactful that someone said ? do you reflect on it that day and move onto other thoughts in your busy lives , or return to the memory and reflect ... chickydoda , while many intj's and infj's adore your type , fighting for you is not our game and there would be no point . as introverts , if we can't attract you to * us * , we're unlikely to hold your ... that's kind of you . thanks for the welcome and encouragement . it's curious how you are sensitive to these subtle signals , but characterize yourself as oblivious . you don't sound oblivious to ... nice to see you again too , the producer . i'm here so infrequently that i'm surprised anyone would remember me . i come to the site when there is something specific i feel i need to learn . for this ... dear enfp's : it is often noted of your type that you are driven to form deep connections with other people , that you are experts at this , and that this can go awry by unintentionally signaling ... an observed response is more trustworthy than a hypothetical one , which makes the current events and this thread a great chance for case study . i'm hoping we'll hear from enfp's who were distressed ... this is not a well-worn perspective , and yet it is how i would also describe my own views . cheers . but i don't intend to ask a politically-laden question . i hope to learn how an enfp would react ... this is quite a thread . i too came here to learn about enfp reactions to the election . but i now also need to learn about the entp's here . i understand that to entp's , seeing others suffer , ... interesting , i hadn't heard of that . my fan looks like this : 603098 at 20 , it's on the large side for placing within a cylinder . my latest idea was to tie shredded grocery bags to it , although i ... as i understand it , a desirable path is to traverse the enneagram in life , ideally absorbing the virtues of every type along the way . however , i seem to see enneagram discussion oriented in the way ... there has been much written about making your fan work more quietly . i'm looking for a way to use a big fan to make a ton of white noise ( without damaging the fan - - it has to run 24/7 ) while also ... i enjoyed your thumbs up / down weightings peevesofcourse , thanks for that . i fully agree about pragmatics : even a happy match will become negative if it is sabotaged by material stressors and ... thanks for your perspective . to agree with all you said : career performance is not the only or main determinant of partner quality or compatibility , contributions at home and sacrifices for the ... certainly , kindness and humility are important to me as well . i don't think those things should prevent anyone from having a successful career , so let us put them into a separate , water-tight ... thanks for your responses . i'm not surprised that people hold differing attitudes , although i'm surprised by negative reactions to the idea that people might be judged by their accomplishments , when ... perhaps it is a matter of degree - would you be bothered if your long-term partner were unemployed for a long period , and you perceived them as failing to make an effort ? i agree that happiness ... dear intj's with long-term mates : is your loved one floundering in their career ? do you perceive this as a failure to coordinate their energy and actions ? do you accept this as their style , or as a ... thanks for your further responses . i think , based on these descriptions , that fi is not new to me , but that i may have reached a point where i am able to better see it in action , and want more of a ... you both explained that with great colour , and great theory of mind . thank you for taking the trouble to do so . there seems to be a cloud of concepts that are associated with fi that have a murky ... dear enfp's , i'm seeking insight into my tertiary function . inquiring about fi among other intj's is difficult , as we rarely discuss fi and i think many of us may be fi-hostile . so i am here to ... thanks for your further responses . you're right , subtle murder - i learned that she was enduring a slow and rough breakup . that was finished a few months ago , but we are both still busy and haven't ... not much i can say to that , other than , thank you again for sharing what it is like for you . your descriptions are complete and forthright and i appreciate that . i enjoy unstructured work as well ... if it sucks as an intj to share fi and then have the recipient disappear from your life , i'm sure it would be far more difficult for a fi dom . i'm sorry to hear about your lost friend , and hope you ... it's great to hear you had such early and positive formative experiences . they really need to make coding literacy a standard part of the curriculum , as early as elementary school - rather than ... care to elaborate ? thank you all for taking the time to reflect on , and help me understand your ne . i cherish the relationships i have with the enfp's and entp's in my life and like to invest energy in understanding ... this is exactly the insight i needed . thank you . i hadn't considered that all of the possibilities generated by ne could take work to sort out . i thought it simply meant all these possibilities were ... we have spoken about this issue and she understands that my one reservation about our relationship concerns our emotional connection . she considers this a detail . it is unclear to me whether she's ... i should add that your post prompted me to at last investigate enneagrams . she is a defender-of-the-little-guy type enfp - very committed to a thankless cause - and also very excited by novelty . i ... thanks for your response , that's helpful . though it brings me down to lose a good friend , i'm not deeply concerned with how the situation resolves : as you say , it will do so one way or the other ... a while ago i posted thoughts on my entp relationship over here in a thread i felt was analogous on the f side ( post # 4 ) . i'm curious if this relates to your own experiences . at just over 2 years ... i understand the idea of ne , and the ensuing spontaneity and issues with time management . but for the same reason , i would have imagined that eventually , a text would have triggered a spontaneous ... i have an enfp friend who has all but vanished . i can't figure it out . i'm not looking to resolve this so much as attempt to better understand how your type works . i would welcome your enfp insights ... as the great bill nye used to say : coincidence ? or connection ? charming . a potato who defends his insults by asserting further character flaws . your various type prescriptions in this thread are sorely at odds with typology theory , countless observations by ... this is flattering . however , i am actually a scientist , so please don't draw conclusions just based on my comments . thanks for stepping up . on all counts , you captured my own thoughts and ... there are no types as obsessed with building a coherent , structured theoretical model of the world as ni-doms . infj's build it with social observations , and intj build it with empirical ones . that ... '