' infj sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure - f scott fitzgerald entp intj ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFU_wJes-xE entj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95LdEcte5os https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl0DMTlwLw4 that's okay , everybody has their preferences . i also didn't like korra very much and i thought the plot of avatar : the legend of aang ( atla ) was much better . besides , zuko was there and , as you ... i was also happy about the representation , i guess i just didn't feel the click ( have you ever watched avatar : the legend of korra ? i liked the representation there - some not so okay-ish plot ... i love bellarke . since the first season , i've been rooting for them to be together . i still like clexa , it's just that lexa hasn't been on the show for that long , so i don't have very strong feelings ... i can see cage as an isfp . or , maybe , intj . a very unhealthy one , of course . i'm not sure why you see him as an extrovert , specifically . the fact that he was so willing to sacrifice other people to ... i've searched for a the 100 typing here to make sure there wasn't anything like that already , but nothing came up . guess i need to search differently . i agree with clarke being fe / si . i see an ... how would you type the character from cw's the 100 ? my guesses are : octavia - esfp bellamy - entj monty - intp i can't figure out the other characters ' types . i liked the how i met your mother finale . here esfp , type 4 your result : expressive 76 % let's do it the fun way . desire to have fun . needs attention affection approval acceptance . can talk about anything at any time at any place with or without ... isfp , maybe ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ_wzpmVzdE i actually didn't like it very much . it was extremely predictable that dr . mann was actually lying and i was very unimpressed by almost all the plot twists . i feel most people wouldn't be interested ... i can see how those functions would apply to me . one of the things that kept me from ever considering esfp was the party-girl who you can't really have a deep conversation with stereotype . i keep ... thanks , guys . i never thought i could be a esfp , but i guess that's due to the stereotypes . i guess i have always been somewhat confused about se . i have considered isfp before.reading more about it , ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... '