if i had to guess i'd wager entp :) as an infj i was wondering , does the fact that i enjoy eating roast cat poo for my lunch relate to my cognitive functions ? edit : this is what happens when your enfp friend gets hold of your ... infj's like to say they're mysterious , infp's are great idealist , intp's / intj's are geniuses , istj's are the only sensible ones , esfp's are bubbly and fun ... it's called stereotyping . and a human ... [ warning : this poem is one about death . not a personal one ; no-one close to me has died . so this is less skewered by grief or pain , or any of the other sundry emotions that follow such a ... wow , looking at the polls it seems as if infj's seem to have similar ' opened chakras . ' that's interesting . i avoid getting my picture taken at whatever cost . but if the inevitable has to happen , i usually act a lot more extraverted , putting my arm around people and acting a lot more group-orientated ... ( more beach & sea related poetry ... i've been writing really thematically recently :) ) lying on the tranquil beach with you , connected hand in hand , spirit to spirit , spectators of theway , the ... as said before , definitely the sj's , though i think n types would get some of the higher-level stuff more easily . the wave generates the starting tide , above the twilight-lit shore , a tentative winter wind , and you forever more . if i could count the stars , i see three , maybe four , more million stars right ... school is getting too much . so much homework , so little time , wah . _ . it doesn't help , it just gives me so much stress . i'd say modern day ' libertarians ' don't even promote liberty ; i agree that the state has no right to tell people if they can take drugs or not , what gender we should marry and what a woman can do ... yes , but i'm not much of an extravert . therefore i'm an introvert , simples . i tested as infp initially . looked up a type description and was like ' omg that's sooo me ' ... and thought i could never be an infj ( because i'm so disorganised ) . and then when i look into the ... nickvold - - lovely talking to you , would love to do it again :) infj type 5 ... with wing 4 , so here are my results :) : major depression : slight-moderate dysthymia : slight esfp . sorry to give you e :') ooops * shifty eyes * dad : intj , mother : estp ( i have it hard , i know x ( ) siblings : isfp and esfp . atheist infj here . would i say i'm spiritual though ? in a way ; i always feel in my heart that something out there exists ... not a god ... but something somewhat divine that we don't know about , and ... infj 5w4 here :-D hey everyone , to put it bluntly , i want to be a forensic psychologist when i'm older . this year i'll be taking psychology in uni , so that's the first step , but what do i do after that ? any advice ... i think nailed mbti and stereotypes ( or mbti and using it to predict or judge behaviour ) perfectly in her video : ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc i think american horror story lost it after series 1 , really . for me it seemed to just go over the top . i'm sure these people are frustrating , but i'm sure some sj's on here will be perfectly happy to explain things to you and to make things interesting for you - - you can't generalise to all sj's , some ... the ocean is an ever flowing abyss ; green and blue , with the light from the sun dancing and skipping along the surface . it is like a mirror , at first glance you only see yourself , though it you dare ... education should be done out of passion , and thirst for knowledge . but unfortunately it's some rigid-competition system set up by the government . so studying for the sake of wanting to study is ... tangosthenes i'd be happy to :) bump , just to see if anyone else will chip in :) * sighs and glances at istj's * i know how you are all feeling . my intuition has told me how you all feel and it's so accurate it deceives me into thinking i have a psychic power . * scribbles on ... i resent people on personalitycafe who insult me directly in a debate and take it too personally . and i kick myself for it . a lot > . < this is like a rocky horror picture show sequel . and i'm strangely cool with that . i'm ill . ( edit : i just thought you guys needed that sexy piece of info ) . of course you're allowed your own opinions dear ! ( p . s when they're stupid and ignorant , you'll tend to get a lot of hatred . because everyone else is entitled to an opinion too . when you express an ... i think anybody who has the temerity to pull off a ' straight pride ' parade would be incredibly ignorant . it would look like some neo-nazi meet up , and less rainbow-y . straight people don't need a ... eurgh , people on the debating forum take the debates a little bit too personally . it isn't nice when they resort to cursing or just saying derogatory things about you :/ hey , i'm an infj too , so it looks like we're in the same boat * hugs . * i'm studying my a-levels right now , so i don't have an interesting life story . i actually found your life story interesting , ... * hugs fellow infj * 1 . school ending . 2 . sunshine . 3 . good music . pneumoceptor - - i love your videos a lot ! they give me a great glimpse into types and how they interact :) it's nice to see an existing infj too ... i have never met a fellow infj before , they're so ... i actually thought i was an infp until recently . i don't know many infp's personally ( although i thought i was one myself ) - - but i have been around the forum enough to know the pros and cons of an ... i had to grow up in a military home . i hated it . all the patriotism i was raised with has always left a bad taste in my mouth and i constantly felt as if life was too systematic and conformist . i ... i honestly don't know . i guess it's like a subconscious person in my head that often tells me to hurt people , and if i consciously don't it can often be very painful . perhaps instead of asking people to ask you questions , you should reach out for general help , not interrogation ? i am an ni-infj ... i kind of assumed most infj's would be , seeing as it's their dominant function ? that aside , my fe is strong . i suppose i can be quite diplomatic when the time calls for it :) i like to write ... anything ... struggled over this question recently :) luckily i found out , had i seen this before , the inner debate would've been a lot less chronic . michelle pfeiffer just seems to have a perfectly symmetrical face , it's ridiculous . rose mcgowan before plastic surgery has always been my dominant crush , though > _ < intricate . thanks infj's for giving me a lot of songs to listen to :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PhOfJhJKZk