' girl ... lol ... maybe they think i'm super shy and submissive ... but i'm not . they are intimidated because there is more than meets the eye . i'm not perfect is what i mean when i say i have flaws . oh but that's ... witchhaven yeah . i consider myself to be attractive and a good person with obvious flaws i work hard on . nonetheless , i always end up hurt by others i like romantically in the long run . i've kind of ... deer and owl . opened this super quickly because his happened to me haha . no at you hating women , this happened to me with a male . - childish - stuck up - selfish - too nice - flaky - weird - too weak - dumb - secretive - doesn't know how to take care of self yes , i totally get this . friends or family get extremely offended with this and think i am being insensitive but it's the total opposite ! ! this is how i care for people . i see the issue and ... friendships tend to be unfulfilling . people are shallow and my expectations are unrealistically high . i've given up a long time ago in romantic relationships but i at least want to have some kind of ... jane really seems like an enfj to me . but i understand the isfj typing . i'm dealing with that right now , still debating . co-rumination is known to worsen or create symptoms of negative feelings and emotions . i think if both the individuals maintain healthy habits with ... there is mutual understanding between me and other istj's but no connection . intp : i don't think i have been aware of ever meeting one ? why is that ? ? ? that is my criticism . from my own personal perspective and from an infj mindset , i don't view relationships in a positive way . in order for it to be successful ( especially for us infjs ) , i think it is important to have ... i couldn't pick . none really stood out to me lol . i'm picky with beauty and notice it takes me a while to actually perceive someone's unique beauty . i rebel . i like cute yet quietly strong animes like sailor moon and kobato . i do in my own selfish way but obviously i'm disappointed that others don't see this haha . but realistically , there are unique traits and strengths in others that i really admire . like my mother ... i'm incredibly nostalgic ! especially with music and places . i don't usually go for people who are too alike to me . there has to be some sort of balance . i always have trouble finding things . edit : turns out he is an istj . we are now dating :) i don't think i've ever fallen in love . maybe infatuation but not love . enfjs : strong rapport and overall good energy ! enfp males : strong chemistry and positive energy ! istjs : calming , rational , structured , all which i admire . intjs : connect very well and ... the infp females i've met so far are really nice at first but then once you get to know them they are actually really mean lol . they have very strong opinions , very all over the place in doing things ... maybe because we feel we aren't valued enough and want to feel appreciated . dad : entj mom : isfj sibling : esfp me : infj my poor sibling is such an outcast haha . so i guess i got i and f from mom , n from dad , and j from both . i actually get told i'm more like my dad ... infp males . - what were you like as a child , were you inherently charming ? did you immediately take a liking to strangers ? i was a curious bunny ! i liked getting to know people and ideas . very creative , much ... i do from time to time . maybe 1-2 times a month ? my best friend who is also an infj gets terrible terrible ones and she is still in the process of finding a cure and has even had a few surgeries for ... sometimes i do a bit but it depends on my self-esteem that day . i have two areas i am extremely insecure about but when i think about it , one of them i never never noticed until i was bullied about ... they do ! but they are harder to type . i always think they are ixxps instead of infj's . the three i've met are careful , quiet , and logical . also very private , which is why i couldn't decipher the fe . yeah , whatever ( when i don't believe them ) get your shit together why are you here if you're just going to ignore me you need to work harder grow up i am pretending to enjoy myself ... i looove traveling . but it has to be well planned out and enough time for me to rest and eat well . i tend to get stressed from it because anything could go wrong . i like going to pretty places or ... artificial_lifeform give her a lot of patience and time . we tend to be hot and cold , and may be oblivious to our feelings for someone until it's too late . you mentioned self-esteem issues and high ... yeah , the connection with other infjs is instant ! it's not a chemistry thing , its just knowing that person is in a way following you and understanding where you are coming from . though for me , i feel ... still haven't found a deep connection . comfort is good enough and i accept it . i'm not sure if everyone can get my wavelength , i got sick of trying though i truly appreciate if people are trying to ... i hate hate hate hate confrontation . especially from bad experiences in the past where fe takes over and i rush into conclusions and make things worse . i always have to double guess myself and think ... genuineness . understanding . recently , people who are too judgmental over everything really bother me and also their lack of consistency in views , actions or opinions . i guess this is more of a ... i think i have but not in a bad way . i've known them for many years and i hold them dear to my heart but i would prefer not to spend time with them . i've had two infjs who have done something ... not having enough motivation , anxiety in interacting with others , and over-thinking about everything . the natural probably to others , the star in my mind haha . the coquette when i was younger and immature . not fear but mostly don't waste effort in wanting people to understand my way of thinking about things . i also play dumb sometimes out of habit and protection . not good but it keeps me conflict free ... i get intj sometimes depending on my mood . definitely a feeler though but over time have developed my repressed t . applecrumble you explained it better than i did . sometimes i can't stop thinking about him and then later i switch to being repulsed get uncomfortable of the idea of having a relationship . i just ... update : i guess i'm just uncomfortable of sharing my life with someone else if it ends up long term and i'm not into flings or anything even though it's easy to think you might be . after sharing a ... first one : not sure i'll probably scream at them and call the police . second one : i'll act as the innocent victim to make him look crazier than he already seems and calmly tell him that i wasn't ... have any of you felt really attracted to someone and then felt confused about how you feel about them if they like you back ? i've noticed this happening many times in my life and i find it very ... i feel uncomfortable with eye contact . i don't know many but one isfp i met gave off a very warm , calm , and friendly vibe ! he seems like a good person . i just see him as a friend / co-worker though . it's rare to get that kind of warmth ... i like to dance to my favorite music , watch a bunch of interesting youtube videos ( make-up vides , blogs , travel , asmr , karaokes , music ) or series , get on this site and research random stuff , or ... '