' intj through and through , he's taken the test and agrees with the assessment , although he doesn't see correlation in everything the description says , but i suppose that's true of everyone . his ... interesting idea . i can see where you're coming from with it , and it probably holds some truth . generalizing appears to be an inherent quality of intuition to some extent , and for me it's especially ... what would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you ? if i knew no one would judge me , i wouldn't hold back a part of myself and i'd engage people more , maybe even reveal my inner self ... when i'm stressed i try to recede into a silent place to brood , write or play / listen to music , but when i'm in public , or denied the commodity of solitude , i'll bite my fingernails , chew my cheeks , ... spaghetti carbonara . can't beat it ! ^ _ ^ reality leaves a lot to the imagination . - john lennon . - why are you being so confrontational ? the response i got was : because you're talking illogically ! - classic intj (= - i wish it was raining . ( i love rain , it's calming and looks nice ( imo ) , ... when i'm trying to fall asleep i'll most likely think : - about some sort of crazy daydream . =p - about past / future occurrences . or - about a girl . you know you're a feeler when you overhear ( what you interpret as ) a cruel joke and feel bad for whoever is the butt of the joke . happened to me today . : sad : so far it's been ... imagine - john lennon . bliss - muse . you know you're right - nirvana . bandoliers - them crooked vultures . butterflies and hurricanes - muse . when i'm an unhealthy infp , i usually isolate myself from everything , which in itself is toxic because 95 % of my life seems to take place in my head , and a lot of that is introspection , so once i ... extremely creepy ! i literally envisaged the flow of time identically to how the results page described it for nps ! thanks for the post , it was a good game . =) sorry to double post , but cephalonimbus , i would give you two thumbs up if i could , one for the song and one for the awesome king crimson avatar ! about a girl [ demo ] - nirvana . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiQKyOC_qbo wow ! that is eerily accurate . my highest result was for esfj and recently , i've been having very strong feelings for an esfj girl . my second highest was also for an isfp , which was a past ... are you guys actually this vain ? the same entp narcissism just happened on the last page ! i'm here to break it up before we get another entp love fest ... usually , when i'm in a conflict situation i become quite weak , in that my voice softens more than usual and i feel like i'm almost pleading with the person to stop since fights are very taxing for ... i always procrastinate until the last minute too , thankfully despite being lazy , we infps come through when we have to , even if we do kick and scream all the way through to the end ;) . i'm sad to ... i don't remember a great deal of my dreams , however the ones i do remember are often very vivid , and the i experience them in the exact same way as i do in real life . sometimes theyy produce results ... see what you did ? you even demeaned my type just like you did to the enfps ! thanks for proving me right . posting something for you almost feels like a waste of time , entp , since you'll only double , triple and quadruple post in an attempt to fight my comment until it's proven wrong in your own ... hysteria - muse . for me , i express myself far better in writing , but communicating face-to-face is more heartfelt and genuine for me , so i prefer that mode of communication if i'm looking for a conversation , but if ... the line about the lows being so low that they make the highs look cheap rings very true for me , some of it however , like an argument with her mother , i can't relate to . normally when i go into ... you know you're an infp when you don't vacuum a particular room because you don't want to disturb your sleeping cat ! you know you're an infp when people constantly tell you that you look spaced ... i've often mused over how difficult i'd find it to be a doctor . i'd have serious problems detaching myself from people , and if someone died under my care i'd be very badly messed up for a long time ... thank you ! this has brightened my day . i'd be inclined to agree with you that infps and enfps get on well , especially since my enfp friend is one of the few people i can really connect with . time ... why thank you , kurt cobain is indeed epic ! on the nirvana side of things , i also have a penchant for pennyroyal tea . =) i've never listened to porcupine tree before , but the videos you posted ... of all the songs posted , creep probably resonates with me the most . my soundtrack would probably be something grungy and / or lugubrious since i'm a very melancholic person . i'd say heart shaped ... it's funny this thread popped up because i'm always talking about how i'd be as perfectly happy as a hermit as i am now in the presence of people ! =p however , i do like people , even if i don't ... if only more people would do that for me in my life ! an infp walks into a bar , gets asked what he'd like to drink but fumbles his words because he hasn't decided yet , but doesn't want to make a ... congratulations , you scored ifp ! that's an introverted feeling perceiving type . father : intj mother : isfj my eyes lit up at the sight of a survey ! - - - 1 : infp 2 : middle of the road . at times i can be histrionic about it and other times pain doesn't ... you know you're an infp when you feel guilty because your thanks received his higher than your thanks given , so you splurge out on gratitude to fix the deficit . =p you go for a solitary walk , and then completely forget about something you promised to do for someone that day . happened to me during the weekend . =/ it looks like you failed to see the big picture again . this is an open thread for all types . did the pressure get to you again ? =) clearly you were too lazy to write something substantial . or did you just hold back as usual ? or maybe you were so short-sighted you didn't realize that in the future , there would be a critical ... pennyroyal tea - nirvana at age 6/7 /8 ( can't exactly remember ) , you cried ( not once , twice ; but thrice ) at the sight of tommy pouring his little brother's food on the ground in the rugrats movie ! i was utterly distraught ... i emboldened the adjectives which apply to me ; it looks like i'm not as unique as my enneagram ( 4 ) says i think i am since i'm apparently a cookie-cutter infp . =P enfp he's one of the few people who i can truly be myself around without feeling odd ! xd i often find myself being a lot more talkative and outgoing around him as he brings out that side of me . i ... taurus . i don't see much of a correlation , although i do share a few of the traits given , but horoscopes are very vague ... regardless , they can be entertaining at times , like when someone finds a ... i find that exercise makes me feel better up to a certain point , then i feel too lethargic and overwhelmed with my own self imposed guilt and sorrow to be able to put effort into anything and at that ... i'm an exercise enthusiast as well ! i mainly do exercise because i enjoy it and like to keep my body in good working order . i agree that endorphins are a great way to improve your mood ; to an extent ... interesting read . thanks for sharing . ^ _ ^ does anyone else ever gape at brick walls , boring holes into it with your transfixed gaze ? i always do due to this weird recurring delusion in my mind that the perfectly symmetrical and interlocked ... you know you're an infp when you were the only kid during recess who sat on his / her own ( or surrounded by people ) every day , completely engrossed in the depths of his / her mind and didn't speak to ... you know you're an infp when a couple of free minutes to relax turns into a wild , nonsensical daydream / contemplation over a useless observation on society ( etc , etc , etc . ) and an hour ( s ) has ... '