' i like to use c and c + + when i do serious programming for its balance in control , conciseness ( in syntax ) and simplicity ( in programming sense , like in featureful languages you have to remember ... death stare , or this :p roud : i tested out as a neutral good , and its description matches me quite well i think . i find it hard to not be neutral instead . marxism . ( there is a misconception that those who are intrested in this must be communists , but i'm more interested in pure dialectical materialism than its applications in politics anyway ) the ... well i think an easily observable fact is that istj is more rigid in their principles than intj , more or less istj thinks the rule is set and i should follow them , when intj thinks if a rule is ... oh well , i know that intjs aren't the kind that like the law . and even i admit that i don't like it either . but there are part of it that smooth things up and part that is just for the good of those ... for the first two , i think they are neccessary . imagine even most adults can't control themselves when they use these kind of things , yet kids ... and even in my country they banned guns on civilians ... introverted ( i ) 61.36 % extroverted ( e ) 38.64 % intuitive ( n ) 60.53 % sensing ( s ) 39.47 % thinking ( t ) 88.46 % feeling ( f ) 11.54 % judging ( j ) 79.41 % perceiving ( p ) 20.59 % i have pretty strong t and ... major : computer science minor : computer science ( that's what they call the branch of computer science that focuses on r & d in my country ) i like to collect information ( does it count ? ) i encounter this sometimes too , but i don't get myself reduced to a bumbling mess . i just discard the old view and update it to the current version , usually thinking to myself that the previous wrong ... a psychopath of any type obviously ^ ^ oh , and if i count out psychopaths then it may be an esfp ... they always distract me when i'm figuring a way out of the place . i keep my inner child in cryostatis now , waiting for the day someone manage to get into his chamber and de-freeze him . ( currently feeling like a man with no past as a consequence ) well , from psychological viewpoint ( i'm not an academic on psychology but i just have some basic research myself in social psychology ) , religion is one of the tool people usually use to reduce ... in fact i'm a christian , and most of people around me is either buddhist and non-religious and these religion is quite light on ceremonies and rules ( at least in my country ) so i think religion in ... i'm a type 1 with a dominant 9 wing , and i somewhat value other people's opinions too . but to me other people opinions are just their opinions , i take in what i see as useful for me and reject what ... hey guys , aren't there a theory that intj may act like an unhealthy esfp when stressed ? by the way , i know i'm an intj when i try to get along with people so they won't get in my way to my goal ... my childhood dreams is to build a time machine from the concept of simulating the world since big bang , which drives me into computer science and physics ... but from knowledge i gathered since then , ... guys , this debate better be done via pms in my opinion . this place is not quite suitable to discuss who is right and wrong here ( and hell , once intjs gone into a debate it could be a bizzare sight ) ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1TnzCiUSI0 i don't have any physical explanation on how girls manage to stand and walk on that thing ... i don't find girls that wear a lot of make-up or dress to get attention attractive , i even think that ... http://img806.imageshack.us/img806/5452/dsc0004z.jpg mine ^ ^ these : hyperbole and a half : the awkward situation survival guide me too , i still remember that time ... fiddling around with an partition encryption program and then lost the data afterwards . ( omg my precious data , some are unrecreatable pictures and videos ) ... i ... world dom ... just have a project to optimize my to-do list , and task-list . nothing big ^ ^ but this is a huge challenge when i have to counts in classes , families , friends , target , clubs , optional ... i like hugs too , as a real-world test of some of self-defence technique i'm trying to learn ^ ^ and no men would resist a hug from a women anyway i think . i usually take actions people considered stalking if i like someone ... but without the bad part of it . it's like i'm trying to achieve a goal called understand x ( with x is the one i like ) . it depends , some people very open to my ideas ... some see i'm as strange and out-of-the-earth .. some doesn't give responds . but that's depends on their personality and partly their mental capacity ... when i tell a lie , i put it in an logical structure of facts so that people can't even tell that there is a lie among them ( logical fallacies work wonders ) , even those who know me well like family ... brain preservers and brain reader , why let the intjs ' knowledge gone to waste while we can save them . 1 . i use a method i devised myself as bets , at least to motivate myself on things i'm not interested . like putting a bet on anything : if i haven't done a , i won't have lunch , if i do things ... maybe mass effect , or fallout . i find games like mass effect of fallout rocks :P and btw , you guys usually play the paragon route or renegade route on mass effect 1/2 ? i can be every role above except teamworker . in fact i switch role if circumstances required , but only the teamwork thing is impossible . strap intjs to a chair and force them to listen to a bunch of dumb guy sprouting bs all over the place ... then unstrap them , and reap the result . you can alternatively use a bunch of feelers and ... double post ( internet lag ) 1w9 so variant . i prefer to play simple but challenging puzzle games , mostly flash games for convenience . other than that i usually play counter strike 1.6 with my friends and sometimes i play modern warfare 2 too ... normally i can sleep well and easily , but when something catch my interest before i sleep ... it usually leads to my head working automatically and i have to shut it down to be able to sleep . ( and ... from my own experiences , gpa or similar scores ( our country don't use gpa officially ) reflect more on tactics than actual skill . personally i have total disregard for scores since the time i see ... me too , especially when learning history . i can remember the events , why they happened what leading to them , what impact they have pretty fast ... but one thing i struggle to remember is the exact ... does the internet counts , who can't resist a huge database of knowledge at the flick of the hand : laughing : finally able to post images ... and note that this is a desktop with an autohide panel , not my wallpaper only . http://img508.imageshack.us/img508/6787/screenshot0128201107050.png uploaded with ... currently a 9.5 of 10 ( my country use 10 - grading ) , but i feel it is more on things being too easy than i'm good . things may change though , i've heard that 3rd year will be quite tough . i don't score ... cheating because of laziness , not because of circumstances ( those doing this instantly lose my respect ) those who have no skills , life and boasts ( those doing this usually going down in flame , ... if anyone i know resort to cheating ( not because they have to ) , they instantly lose my respect ... and if ones lose my respect , i don't hesistate to play dirty to them ^ ^ ... just a change of strategy , ... a hug ? never have a hug before , maybe good for an experiment ^ ^ at least to understand what it feel to be hugged :P perfect 0 ^ ^ sometimes , for instance like in a group project in university where you have to work with others . for the sake of completing the thing anyway . back when i start researching psychology , my main aim is to have a logical structure to explain emotions and human interactions which i feel i lack as an intj , and it has been of a great help for me ... '