we're generally magical . ermm ... entps , oddly . she is ? i must've missed something ... ... aka shout out to the less popular people so we don't feel left out . i'm surprised i haven't developed cuticle biting or some other habit since i feel like a caged animal in cube land . i sit in a cubicle for 8 hours a day and it's torture . i wonder about web development / web design for intps . it's also trouble with knowing what's assertive and what's overly aggressive since i'm naturally not either . or how to be assertive and establish healthy boundaries without coming across as a child . i do think there's truth to that . we had some overlapping interests , but overall very different approaches to things . and in that moment i could tell she didn't really ' approve ' of my ... whenever my emotions do decide to show up they like to behave like an overly dramatic five year old . so she probably thinks i'm a childish drama llama now . i've noticed this . it makes ... i wish i didn't want to change myself , but i do . i want to be more organized and sufficient . like many here i want to be able to work toward my goals . less cynical and able to feel comfortable ... yeah , i suppose i'm sensitive to it after dealing with it for so long from various people . at work for example i just avoid people because most of them have very different interests and values from ... i need advice . for most of my life i've been treated like a loser because i don't act like a ' typical ' girl . people have looked down on me in subtle and not so subtle ways . this led me to be ... intp forum is also blocked for me stating there's possible malicious code . i haven't tried the others . it could be she wasn't interested and didn't feel like telling you . or she literally just spaced and forgot . or ... she has social anxiety or something similar that's holding her back . i'm not 100 % sure what i just read , but it seems to be a rant against christianity and those who insist you convert to their religion . all i can say is that my life improved by leaving religion ... i usually avoid it , although sometimes i'll be drawn to a particularly morbid story even though it repels me at the same time . i can't see myself laughing as people suffer though . i have to avoid ... aphrodite is boyish in form . the models look boyish because they're so thin . 124074 what i mean is that i'm not sure i really have a relationship style . i don't like domineering people in general so i don't end up in relationships with them , thankfully . but usually the person i'm ... being cornered in a cubicle * shudder , * or really any small space that allows no escape . waiting rooms , which bring out all of my awkward behaviors . i keep shifting around in the chair . sometimes ... they'll have a panic attack . i have a geek vibe , so in that way i do fit the stereotype . i can be awkwardly emotional , which doesn't fit the stereotype of intps being emotionless pieces of technology . but that's so charming . i find this description far too amusing . me too ! ( i'm honestly excited to hear i'm not the only intp who does this ) . sitting at a desk all day is a challenge . i do exercises ( leg lifts and such ) , and don't really care how weird it looks ... i've noticed that i tend to match the other person's relationship style . i wonder if i'm the only one . yes , goodbye rat race . https://31.media.tumblr.com/9409dcb7c4bd04bc004d0ea288aee36f/tumblr_mx82kauTDH1sj6vefo1_250.gif i forgot to include ' having the dance moves of barney the dinosaur . ' judging from your signature . shame , shame . uh ... in middle school i had a ' group ' . we were an odd collection of misfits that somehow got along . often we'd do crazy , random ' dares . ' i used to roleplay online and had a group of friends ... serenade them , sprinkle flower petals all over their car ( and glue them there with super glue ) . buy matching t shirts and write facebook poetry declaring your love . tell them they make your life ... that's deep ... very deep . i don't know if i can handle it . :D go on ... tos : kirk : estp spock : istj mccoy : esfj uhura : isfj scotty : entp sulu : istp chekov : isfp intp . hp nerd . intp . give absolutely no sign of romantic interest and engage the person in random discussions that have no particular pattern . also subtly interested glances when the object of affection isn't ... the topics are a different story and can be boring . although everyone posting has the comfort of the internet's distance between us , each poster is still a human ( or robot , but probably human ) . so ... i'm sure everyone has noticed that certain type forums have more participants than others . often the intp forum seems too crowded for comfort . my comfort that is . while i'm glad that there's ... therapy perhaps ? if i understand what you're saying ... i'm capable of doing this when i need to in certain social situations . being engaging and ' charming ' i guess you could say . however it's very draining and ... then find a different symbol of your devotion . a plant for example . but don't let it die . i've dealt with depression for most of my life , and also anxiety since my teenage years . depression meds caused blurry vision and slow thought and i haven't given them a second chance . i've been ... i couldn't handle multiple partners . plus i tend to prefer women . not overly fond of this idea . if you whispered sweet nothings . and cabbage patch kids . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4J9-CQXdPk eh , no . understanding of it helps me out in life , but i wouldn't go so far as being proud . no , not really . i mean there's some emotion involved but my emotions never last particularly long . just passing flareups . my type of grudge is a tendency to analyze the situation repeatedly . i do cut ties when possible . it becomes more challenging when it's a family member though . i suppose it's a ' grudge from a distance ' because at that point i no longer want to be around them . with people who consistently treat me badly and i know they aren't going to change their behavior . a grudge is my way of never forgetting all the bs they tried to put me through . some aspects of the character remind me of a younger version of myself , though i was never that openly moody with people . i was also awkward and didn't across nearly as strong .