its a bizarre condition of mine , gets me into trouble does this happen to other enfps ? enfp porn is finding out about other people its better cause you know you're real self before youre a teen . in the developmental stages of 3-4 years old when your purely your real self . review how you are when youre younger and see how your psychologist treats and reacts to you how could you be sure ? and there's also my ability to achieve my desired test results ( i like doing personality tests ) ... i know a lot of people could do this . though i like to talk about auras and how certain people feels ... i'm an intp who have the longings of an infj . enlightment , togetherness , talking about feelings . how crazy is that ? i saw glimpse of emotions , i want to jump right in and help . how ? i dont know whats ... just web search it i think it suffice i just read a webcomic called ' illusions of adulting ' . it seems so accurate with my condition , i think its an nt thing or specifically an intp thing that i dont feel like a grown up ( low functioning ... i am well aware of it too , we do have our ne ( intuition ) . and i think being aware of someone whose flirting with you doesnt count as a really intricate emotion to be consume by an nt . i didnt notice this wasnt already an experiment method . is this in illegal category ? or arent they permits made for this situation to happen ? its practice , i think , the only way to get out of your data addiction . i have a shameful gross data addiction exactly how you phrase it and explain it and i just come to terms with it then slowly ... what happen ? i miss out valentine perc . i mean what is this for , what is this all about , i cant comprehend the jizz about this thread , dont answer anyone i just want to have the privilege to be ... attack on titan anime sword art online anime im good at ... hmm ... much and not much at the same time any tips ? i really want to be spontaneous and engage with my intuition they thought i was extroverted ( or maybe they are just being nice saying im that ) , laidback , quirky and simple . they could see from first glance my social muscle is lacking and a lot of the times they ... women arent attracted to looks only , or status only . both . its much more flexible how a woman attracted to a man ( most women have a list in their minds , and for the most part , individually speaking , ... i havent had a good quality sleep for 4 months . i kept getting awake in the middle of the night and its a bad habit . i just gotten into cleaning my ear properly to improve my coordination . it gives ... i had a dream of me riding a car , and then i go out of the car to call someone , then i park the car near a u intersection , the phone was someone saying ' hello ! hello ! ' and then i turn because there ... fuck logic infps ! stop perspective shifting too / putting yourself in anyones shoes ! make sure you are always in your subjectivity forever ! its what nourishes you and what would give you luck in your ... i want to try mint and white chocolate cookies but i like chocochip cookie and respect is when i just realize you do it on whether the circumstance rises and its socially logical to do it . other than it be disingenuous , people have a radar whether you actually meant or feel the need to do politeness and social niceties . they'll express it either indirectly or directly through words ... i did snoopy roller coaster game maybe , i think doubt is healthy as long as you dont waste too much time on it we are probably at home watching tv i usually experience this with my knack for eating snacks and sweets i think its just generally male nts are pretty funny , i dont know why instant noodles , put on egg yolks on it , with the seasoning and fry it . yum . i do . not all intps will get this though . the intps who aren't as eager to develop their other function , just the normal order will just come of as bland , reliable , smart and presentable , the one who ... i wanted to become a witch , or a song writer . i did it partially by learning tarot cards and guitar song writing . i will be an isfp , or an intj i am an infp 4w5 sp soc though i was in a debate team . is that normal ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZLZtH5hnKo marques brownlee , i think he is an intp enneagram 3w4 soc sx mbti , myers briggs indicator . consist of jungian functions : fi ne ti se ni fe si ... i think you're not an intj , but an infj / istj . but i cant be sure only through your post . there's a couple of intj males in my institution who met an intj women and most of them only shares passing by ... i've met an intj a couple of times ... how we fought ? the parameters are by whose the wittiest , whose the weirdest or who between the two have the best skillset / appearance . battling more on the stuff ... it could be you are an intj 4 , self revelation obsessive is normal . i think he's just going through mid life crisis ... best bring him to a psychiatrist and ask for prescribed medicine . if he's an intj he just got in contact with his fi in his age , let him figure it ... my favorite celebs at the moment are : - naomi campbell , she's so posh and brash ! - jourdan dunn the new brit black supermodel ( she's really sweet and down to earth ) - karlie kloss is a ray of ... its the si actually . if you want to sort out your problems you have to face your feelings . 4w3 : subtle reckless air , repressed anger , with a touch of a stable personal flare that has zero intrusive energy , even the stylish annoying ones too . usually they have inward heavy disgusting ... i identified strongly with miyu from ufo baby , kagome from inuyasha , buttercup powerpuff girls , harry in harry potter , echo the nymph and hekate in greek mythology . 1 ) where do you all hide ? did the factory just explode at some point ? we're good at faking it and mimicking other types . i know i do . 2 ) why are you the only type i can't read - why such ... unconditional romantic love ? sure . there's still books . i'm finishing a couple of novels now . i haven't got publish , i'll work hard ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-167jtg40lY she got infp but i doubt it . she looks more isfp to me . we have similar experiences . i'm used to it though , and yeah i usually share my slightly off interests in online forums . though i think every one i know , who have deep interests , they don't ...