' the term finding an acceptable risk comes to mind . risk does in fact move business forward , but unless it acceptable enough of a risk , as in the company can still recover from it if it crashes , ... person a : well ... person b : you mean that big hole in the ground ? person a : hey ! person b : ... is for horses . person c : weee ! oh yeah , we're funny people alright ... after all , i set up a camera to record my dad going to sleep on his couch ... yep ...  ... this after i stuck a grandfather clock noise box into the arm of ... there are extras on that quote , but i want to respond to this part . so ... how much fun was that to get home ? cause even a 1ft x 1ft x 2ft piece made out of mahogany is at absolute minimum , 100 ... i like some traditions , and don't like others , but because i choose not to like certain ones , i try to be lenient with the others . still i find many christian traditions to be a little out there , ... additional bills being the satellite and internet ? pft , internet is a fact of life , and you're talking about potentially better tv , all of which cost money by the way , and you already pay internet , ... sorry , but i have seen just the opposite . now , that isn't to say i haven't seen what you mention there , but yeah ... besides , throwing her guard up ? obviously . but then i suppose you haven't had ... no , you just need to learn to be more realistic with your feelings towards something , and avoid childish behaviour . 1 ) does she want the child ? if yes , then it doesn't really matter what his opinion is . 2 ) still good friends ? are you sure the relationship is actually over ? remind her to tell him first that she ... 1 ) go to the dinner 2 ) it's okay to be alittle nervous , she might be aswell , hence the friend . 3 ) talk to all persons , use your manners as much as possible . 4 ) let them start the casual ... schizophrenia , ever heard of it ? you're looking at a very early stage of it . now the causes of which are : stress , auto-immune diseases , vitamin k deficiency ( you are eating your carrots and salads ... 1 ) maybe the cheap appartment is not looking so great to him anymore , and you do need to pay more for something better , maybe he learned to start accepting that . 2 ) 4 people paying the bills in a ... solid colours or dragons , usually in the colour of black , grey , white , blue to dark blue , red to darker red , dark greens , and always for the weather . i don't wear anything with words or super imposed ... have a lake nearby ? go get yourselves some fishing licenses and go out there and sit ... quietly . the other thing you could do is go for walks , bike rides , or do indoor things like scrabble , monopoly , ... i don't know , most of that matches , except one part in a way . sadly , i don't have the luxury of blaming certain people , as it is a fact that they are the cause of my many misfortunes . so basically , ... i'm usually at home , at an anime convention , or out doing photography / painting . the only other places people could find me , they typically don't want to know about , and they would be right in not ... i don't tell lies , but i absolutely withhold information , great deals of it as a matter of fact , but then some of the truths / facts in my life , tend to cause extreme paranoia , best case is you will ... i dunno ... you'd never have that problem with me , but then let me be clear about something : you are sure that it's not something you caused right ? if said person was of romantic interest / involvement ... 1 apple = 1 kb ; 1 box of apples = 1 mb ; 1 pallet of apples = 1 gb . ram is like having a truck of various sizes , the larger ram is like a larger truck . the ghz is like what speed the truck can ... i had hot chocolate with peppermint schnapps , i might have another one ... why ? cause i can ... mu hwa hwa hwa hwa ! ! xd i wouldn't give a rats about my family , but i like to sleep , in fact my bed is my favorite place in the world , so yeah .. i'd pass out if i wanted to . on the other hand , new years is all about staying ... i just know someone's going to hate me for this , but here's what's stuck in my head lately : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA0TS9l_nJE well , you asked , so here it is : first floor : 28760 and second floor : 28761 now both images just have to show up ^ _ ^ uninteresting and tiring ... when they go on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... and on ... etc . and you have no real time , or ... coffee with a tablespoon of hot chocolate . tea , earl grey , hot , with lemon , honey , and either rye whiskey or sake . ^ warms you up two ways xd i's as crazy as i sounds xd not really , just ... my room looks like a mess at first glance , but empty boxes are in one pile , computer parts are in another pile , plastic bags are in yet another pile , laundry has its own pile , tape has a pile right ... oh lordy ... this sounds like me ... see , my fun little head issues go like this : for every $ 5 i lend you , you owe me $ 1 if you get me things , you will get many times more . if you so much as ... i would do things like the rooms where i sit guests in a relatively standardized decor , but that doesn't mean i'm not going to throw a wrench colour in there in the form of a cusion or something . i ... uh ... i like the part about family sticking together tradition , but then as i have dropped some traditions , i believe it is also prudent to be more lax with the rest of them . my woman will still know ... i have no issues wearing the other persons shoes , but i'm always going to tell you like it is , not just what you want to hear . my issues with myself is i hold myself accountable , for everything , ... pardon me for using an age old saying , but it fits this most appropriately , even if you are talking a second / third / fourth meeting . nothing ventured , nothing gained . best part is , it has ... there is nothing wrong with wanting to live in a simple manner , but ! people want to hire those who went to college or university , and they would like to see that you graduated , and not that you ... uh , first off , tvs come in many different sizes , so i'm very sure you can find one that fits in your room . this would be your first circumvention to his ownership . now , i'm very personal about my ... i don't mind doing an extra shift cuz someone needs / wants to go somewhere that day , but i'm not going to let myself get stepped on that way . if i had something planned myself , i tell them sorry , but ... not possible , high school is preparing you for the real world , or at least that was what my grade 9 orientation said to me , and quite directly i might add . all that means is the basics of that ... socializing is an exorcize , and drains me well enough , but i still like to interact with people at least 5 hours out of every day , and only every once and awhile taking a day . i do enjoy my personal ... depends on how long my initial interaction with them is , and how many people are in the room in the manner of people i already know comparable to how many people i do not know , basically , the ... you need to be someone exceptionally close to me in order to witness such things as me crying . that guy ... first off , rofl , second , wtf man ? that stop sign is way to low not to notice , hell , even when looking down , one should see the damn pole , which is why i take the side of he did that on ... then you need to look up more into such disorders and what abnormal brain levels and functions they classify under . first part of this sentence : sad part is , people are freely using the term ... i was diagnosed as adhd when i was 6 years old , of course , this was also during the time that teachers were saying to parents that kid has adhd , i want him on ritaline or not in my class . and ... took the sound box out of a grandfather clock , hid it in my dads couch where he sleeps , set up a camera in a hidden location . dad comes home really late ( were talking 23:30 ) goes and takes stuff off , ... to me , success = i have a job + i have a family + i have hobbies after that it is all dependent on what i need to achieve each of these , obviously , one needs more money the larger they want their ... 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? usually no , but sometimes . i wear a hat though , for sun protection , but the hat also serves as a rain guard , not a cowboy hat , more like a gardening or fishing like ... i have to say that i left christianity , first off , each one goes and claims they follow the bible , but not one of them truly does . i have no issues with matters of faith , but when you choose the ... first off , it sounds like everyone is over-worrying , causing stress to the one who actually has the cancer , and now said person who has the cancer wants to be left about her own business . i can ... first off , if you did break something , you really should know that you did , and a rough , general idea of the circumstance that caused it to break . if you are being that oblivious to your ... it's called moving out of your parents house , and doing so without their help , and remember to tell them to go to hell if they try to say any dirt about it . i know one of my friends had to leave when ... currently , we are hiding , cause someone turned a nice christmas song into something else ... xd and to actually answer that , we are in lots of places , and i mean lots of places . would like to comment on this , being an istj . first off , my room is lived-in but my living room and kitchen are clean , know why ? cause i want people to still come and visit me in a clean room , ... '