' it depends how they cheated . if it was just sex then i wouldn't care . if they had any feelings for the other person i'd have to leave them , it would be agonising . i'm so tired of seeing people laugh at people who are usually calm or cheerful when they're angry . implying we'd acutally fight any of you rather than break you down into blubbering messes by psychoanalysing you before befernding you and turning you into free-hugging rainbow unicorn hippies . hey there ! you settling in okay ? hey desz , thanks for sharing your enneagram but could you please add it to the list ? if you could just copy the list androelectro posted and add your name where appropriate that would be greatly ... opps , i forgot > . < i've sent you a friend request now , though ! oh thank you so much but don't worry if he hasn't ! my steam name is rocketsocks so feel free to add me when you have time . all enfps i've met ( including myself ) give off this kind of optimistic , cheerful , friendly vibe to those around us . people think that it's a genuine emotion we are feeling and that it's all there is ... i haven't gotten the game yet but i've been meaning to so , if you don't mind playing with a complete newbie who hasn't talked to you before , i'd be happy to play with you ! enfps cheerful disposition isn't often more than skin deep . nah , don't worry about making mistakes , people here are very forging ! you sound so much like me it's unreal . but anyway , here are some links you might find useful : cognitive functions ... i think enneagram types impact on this also so i'll include them too . infp , 4w5 ( female ) - an internet friend i met a few months ago but have instantly clicked with . we share interests and can be ... definitely two of my favourites ! they both have a wonderful story , premise and have lovely scenery . my only complaint with hmc is that howl didn't have a welsh accent in the english dub ; i know howl ... a comment thanking the thread . the title is pretty self-explanatory , just post about something you love and would like to share with others ! i love to see people talk passionately about things and i'm sure others both enjoy seeing ... hi welcome to the forum ! if you're feeling confused about what cognitive functions you use i can help you find some tests and sites that can help you work out what ones you use . if that doesn't help ... hi hallja , welcome to the forum ! if you are unsure about your type i'd recommend you follow paintedvixen's advice if you are still unsure about your type . regardless , i'm sure you'll have plenty of ... i spent most of today updating this list ; i've updated all usernames , types and removed the enneagrams of members who had mistyped as enfps and are inactive . the list is now organised ... i smile uncontrollably around most of my friends , especially my grumpy intp friend when she's complaining about silly things . she gets annoyed with me sometimes for doing it but i honestly just find ... ' the wind rises ' was on tv a few nights ago and watching it again has sent me on ghibli kick ; ghibli fans , please empty out your feelings about these films so we can wallow in them together i'd say i'm more enfp-fi but isn't their a enfp subtype in socionics that describes an enfp-nefi ? i remember reading a description of one and i felt it described me perferctly . welcome ozgur , i hope you can find the information you need on the forum ! it sounds incredibly interesting so i hope your thesis goes well ! haha , opps ! sorry guys ! you know i wouldn't consider myself a horror type even though i enjoy creepy things ; the reason i like rpg-maker horror games is because they've got hidden depth . they're ... awww , she sounds so cute ! i honestly love teachers who try to engage with their students ; there's a maths teacher at my school who lets me and my friends use his classroom during breaks and shows us ... hi everyone , i didn't originally want to make one of these kinds of thread because they feel a bit awkward and forced but in the end i don't see any harm in making one ! i'm an enfp who's going to ... awww , your english teacher sounds adorable ! it's great you had some teachers who weren't funny about interesting writing . pffft , no worries ! man , sounds like my friend's sociology teacher , she's ... booo , sounds like your teachers were total killjoys ! > : v i hate it when they tell you off for writing in interesting ways , how else are you gonna make it fun ? uggh , don't remind me . there's a ... i kinda collect interesting words too , it's fun to find lesser known ones ! idiosyncratic is one i found just by looking through a dictionary but it's been a useful word to slip into essays . i'm ... nice to meet you and welcome ! i hope you'll have more fun finally interacting on pc then you did just browsing ! if you're not sure what threads to post on i can give you some recommendations but ... i love that description , it's very accurate ! you know sometimes i wonder if there are people who you will never get along with but i'm not sure . i'd explain what i mean but i fee so exhausted i'm ... that's true ! i guess i ultimately care more about how the art makes me feel so i just kind of view it as it is an revel in the emotions it brings forth , so i don't feel the emotion in the strokes ... pfft , i just realised i misread what you said , i thought you were telling me to let you know what i thought of your fanfic rather than te ones you recommended ! sorry ! oh but when i finally get ... that's awful ! i'm sorry she coppied something you worked so hard on ! but i would really like to read it , where can i find it ? : o uggh , did people actually copy your stuff ? that's awful , i'm really sorry ! i'm sure it was partly because what you wrote was so interesting , though ! but i'm excited to check them out ! thanks so ... i suppose it's almost because you can hear an artists emotion in their voice when they sing and in the way they play their instruments . it's harder to convey direct emotion with art and literature ... i adore fanfic but i have to admit i like writing it ( read : imagining scenarios and forgetting to write them down ) more than reading it ! those fics sound awesome , though ! i'll definitely give them a ... sounds awesome ! yeah man , i find art of any kind incredibly therapeutic , especially if i can identify with it ! i'm naturally fairy self-aware and think deeply about my feelings and behaviours so i ... that's true and i do honestly hope that now rose is a little more sober she and kanaya can stay together happily ! i really hope we do get to see some dave and jane batter at some point , i think it ... crowds at concerts can be so annoying but luckily i find i can usually get caught in the music if the musicians put a lot of heart into it . i think i listened to a lot of sad music because it made ... i love finding the weird little patterns in hoemstuck ! i usually end up shipping rare pairs based on weird little patterns i find > w > . i gotta say i find it interesting to see the patterns in ... hmm maybe your fauns are esfps , they certainly sound as energetic and playful as they are ! but that's awesome ! i would love to go to a festival similar to the one you went to one day ! you know , ... me too , what is n humour ? nobody knows . honestly fauns seem very introverted to me , but maybe that's just because i associate them with deer . i think forest spirits fit well too ! and it's ... i was playing along badly , i'm too tired to be funny rn and most people don't get my humour anyway , sorry ! @a @ infp would be something kindly but reclusive , possibly a forest faun ? no problem ! i think it's safe to say you are an infj , it's mad how often the nf types get confused with one another tbh . i think your friend is one of the people who does D: pffft please be careful not to go too far ! do you think that griffins would be an sj type ? they seem to fit well . yeah , i was thinking maybe enfjs for eastern dragons ? what if you walked normally whilst high ? like you became the opposite of yourself D: eastern dragons are fjs to me ! most likely nfjs to me ! yeah , i just leave people be if they don't get me . it's better for everyone ! i agree with the wise but tricky enfp elves and the wizard and dark unicorn intjs ! i still stick by western dragons as my faves for intjs , though :p i think astro is right , you just ... oooh me tooo ! i went mental when i saw the johnroxy update , i sent my friend the panel where john gave roxy the ring and was all-capsing about how it counted as a proposal ^ ^ ; also i hope the ... hey man , the ' w ' in your enneagram type just means wing . your wing indicates what variant of you type you are . you scored as a 4w5 on the test so your ' main ' type , for want of a better word , is type ... '