' isn't si such a fun function ? i always try to be polite and respectful with everyone i meet . likewise , i also reciprocate what i get . if you give me shit , you're going to get shit . it's a little too late for that now ... nothing that is worth knowing can be taught . to learn who rules over you , simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize . hide in plain sight . try it . it works . where did he get that hat ? right now ? my roommate accidentally his car , and i am now his personal taxi . this entails getting up at stupid-o'clock . to surmount this , i am automating the coffee machine . best ... swagg with two ' g's , it's important . this thread feels kinda recursive . also i'm blunt , all the bitches love it . personally , this type of paranoia isn't abnormal , at least for me . it might just be stress induced crazies or she might want out ... honestly , you could probably just ask if you're worried . i call it super crunchy after my slav friend butched the pronunciation of it ... i can only speak english and spanish . i only bother to speak spanish because i work with legit mexicans , who ... my roommate always seems to test as an entp , he also constantly destroys electronics . luckily i'm his roommate , so i can unfuck most of the things that get borked . yay , time for insomnia ! i always enjoy checking out what people in third-world countries search for ... you know , for research purposes ... it's very interesting ... grab his crotch . http://i248.photobucket.com/albums/gg172/Behemoth_album/manga%20macros/president_crotch_grab.jpg master debaters . this is such a good thread we've got here . have i been here before ? there's a point where you need to acknowledge that you don't need their shit , and you have clearly passed it . i never thought this picture would ever be relevant . 84654 i try not to be evil and take advantage of social engineering , but it's just so easy . i'm pretty sure that the government is responsible for the government shut down . i used to enjoy post-apocalyptic what-not , but i'm pretty burned out with it now , especially with the sheer ammount of mainstream garbage that's being produced en-masse . i also like urban fantasy , ... travel the world as a vagabond . peddle electronics , guns and other things for massive piles of moni . write my name in shit on the moon . i think that about covers it . http://youtu.be/qRuNxHqwazs related sometimes people make beautifully formatted and thought out posts and we ignore them . sometimes people twerk on their keyboard and post it and i try to be the first to reply . i don't ... ads ... in 2013 tl :D r you cannot pleasurable computer experience . yeah , sometimes i really want to be an asshole , douchebag , scammer . it's really hard though , i don't want to get shanked by some dude who looks like viggo mortensen , but at the same time , lol get ... itt : we attempt to decipher the meaning behind the shitty conclusion to dexter . as much as i hate the term ... imma need a tldr for this , or maybe some formating . come one man . the serpent who encircles the earth . a universe who keeps trying to teach me things ... stop trying to teach me things , it's not going to work . i like all the bans . also , how about the notion that we all are smokers ... i think it's an unsubtle troll , i've never met an intp irl who smokes . if you want to get laid , go to college . if you want an education , go to the library - some guy . go travel the world and fuck whores . the answer will come to you in a dream . help , i'm trapped in a fortune cookie factory . i like driving quite a bit for a few reasons . if you go far enough ; it's a truly solitary activity , just you and the road . i'm really good at it . i've never lost control of a vehicle , wrecked ... i'm pretty sure that their discussion ending in gunfire probably proves kant right ... i think . what got me was this line : the discussion deteriorated into a fistfight and one participant ... a : 1 . were / are you in one ? yep 2 . up to what grade does it go to ? up to like , 7th grade i think . 3 . what were its prerequisites ? not that i can remember , but probably scoring well on bullshit ... graduate early , then take the year off and travel or something . i don't , it's just not my thing , plus cigarettes are nasty is hell with all the shit they put in them nowadays . if hipsters weren't so fond of e-cigs i could go for that , but i'd prefer to avoid ... demond confirmed for illuminati seriously though , what are we even discussing here ? this thread is a complete clusterfuck of conspiracy theory , bible study , and geopolitics . not to imply ... people won't change mate . ever read the graffiti on the walls of pompei ? all that changes is the technology that surrounds us ; organic constructs change over incredible expanses of time . if ... i have a few , and own fewer now than i had previously . my reasoning is as follows : guns are a pretty good investment , as the market is pretty much always active and the price for most quality ... i don't think you escape the rat-race by delving head-first into its ' core . the former are top-notch , but rarely recommended for some reason ; the later are so terrible and abysmal in quality , and that is impressive in it's own right . what do you mean by interesting ? like stuff you don't usually hear about , or like interesting . if the former watch ; gankutsuou , sora no woto , or legend of galactic heroes if you mean the ... pretty much this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pJuedzzLXE modern solism is top shelf stuff for debating or trolling . as usual , carlin was right . the name anti-oxidant is misleading . that's not to say they're good for you , or that excessive anti-oxidants are bad for you : 1 . that doesn't make sense , and 2 . nothing is good in excess . they ... shit's borked yo . if i wanted to overpay for mediocre hardware , a linux distro and a billet aluminium case i would consruct my own device , and use the money i saved on cocaine and sex lube . apple is overated and ... epileptic trees . '