' sorry , but this is , to put it quite frankly , bullshit . it's victim blaming at its finest . the logic here is akin to she was raped because she wore a short skirt . almost any psychologist will ... i've never cheated and wouldn't even dream of it , but i have been cheated on by at least two ex-girlfriends and one ex-wife . i really can't speak as to why one of the ex-girlfriends cheated , but ... congratulations seeker , i definitely wish you the best . i'm at the 6 month mark with my infj and it's still going better than fantastic . i think as long as the enfj and infj's value systems ... first , sorry to hear of your loss . now , for your question : xnfj's tend to be very future-orientated planners . if , after even the first few dates , we really like someone we will definitely ... thanks for all of the replies . you infjs are the best ! this weekend was a bit trying in some ways . we took some visiting from out-of-town friends to some local sites and she wasn't putting up ... i certainly understand that and i'm not at all suggesting that she should be over it . what's odd is that when the relationship first started it seemed as though she was the one coming in all guns ... i'm looking for some advice here . i'm an enfj and i've been with my infj girlfriend for 5 months . we've both said that this is the best relationship we've ever been in . we really seem to ... i'd echo the infj statement , but i'd also throw fellow enfj's into the mix . some of my closest friends fall into the xfnj category and my current girlfriend ( who i think will one day become a ... right . extroversion ≠ friendliness and introversion ≠ being alone i'm very clearly an extrovert , but i also sometimes crave alone time . my girlfriend is definitely an introvert , but loves ... my ex ( a fellow enfj ) had a ton of gay guy friends that she always hung out with . maybe you've got something to your theory here . care to explain ? i'm only two months deep with an infj and this is probably the best relationship i've ever had , including one that lasted almost 15 years . i've never had a relationship where so ... seeker , thanks for the well wishes . it sounds like you have a real conundrum on your hands . i haven't been on too much lately , so i was wondering how that was going for you . of the serious ... i've been dating an infj for about a month now and i can honestly say that this is the healthiest , most honest , and least guarded relationship i've ever been in . i feel as though i'm dating the ... i replied in this thread as opposed to the other one as to not derail the original poster's question over there . thanks for asking though . so far so good . it's refreshing to date with someone ... this may not be that helpful , but i can tell you one thing , if she is truly an enfj then you aren't stuck in the middle ground . she's either interested in you or she's completely disinterested .  ... here's how i look at it : i'm an extremely logical person . when a friend comes to me with a problem i am usually quite good at breaking it down in a purely factual manner and then presenting it ... i'm an enfj male and my dad is an intp ( mom is also an enfj ) . i'm not exactly sure what you mean by lack of a connection though . i felt / feel a connection to both of my parents , but the relationship ... 95066 we are all the same . i'm a fairly organized person , but you might not realize it because i also subscribe to the pile technique . what's funny is that my mom , who is also an enfj , does ... we've been talking almost every night for a week or so , but because i was travelling for work we did didn't have our first date until last night . i'd say it went rather well . we got on the ... if i had a dollar for every time i've been accused of overthinking things ... i talked to her again last night and afterward i sort of came to the same conclusion that you guys are all telling ... there was a thread on here a few weeks back that kind of got off track where a few of us ( seeker , eggsies , etc . ) were discussing being picky when choosing a potential mate . just now i was reading ... where are all of the infp's hiding ? the only one i know is my uncle ( he's definitely my favorite on my dad's side ) . i'd certainly like to be able to weigh in on this action . as for infjs , i ... i answered yes purely on the merit of the question and not considering any other context . for example , if you would have asked do you enjoy being single more than being in a healthy relationship ... seeker , you seem like a really cool person . i just want to wish you the best here . i think the thing that we need to remember when it comes to extrovert v . introvert , intuitive v . sensing , feeling v . thinking , and judging v . perceiving is that these are not on / off switches . each ... i don't mean to sound arrogant , but i feel like i do deserve what i perceive as a higher quality woman . i'm not asking for ms . perfect , just someone that is intelligent , caring , sane , and that i ... just fyi , this isn't necessarily a gender thing . there are plenty of women that only want to get in a guy's pants . the last woman i dated ( a quintessential esfp ) was like that . she was a big fan ... i just meant not dating someone based on reasons that others may not agree with or think i'm being too picky about . the children thing is kind of a big deal for me due to my past . my ex-wife ... seeker , i really am sorry if what i said made you feel bad . that's absolutely the last thing i'd want to do on here . it's almost like this thread has come full circle though . i have my criteria ... the main problem i have with that is that i've always wanted to have a family . i'm not opposed to adoption , but i'd really like to have my own biological children . i'd like to date / be married to ... yes , pretty much i'd say late 20 ' s to mid 30 ' s . i'm 34 , so that's about what i'm dealing with . i've gone out with a 24 and a 25 year old in an attempt to beat the system , but the problem i ... i don't mean to sound cynical with this reply , but i already know it will . it will get better and then it will get worse ... way fucking worse . there is a period ( typically post-college / mid 20 ' s ) ... i've had four romantic relationships in my life that i would say got to a somewhat serious phase . two of them cheated . we're in the same boat there , brother . it's disgusting . i've never even ... i think you hit the nail on the head here . my ex-wife was 5 ' 4 and about 125lbs when we got married , but after about 8 years of marriage ( and no kids to blame ) she got past 170lbs . for years she ... that's fair . and blatantly obvious . i guess i'm just afraid that they will think think it's for purely superficial reasons ( it is ) , but i just want everyone to be happy and for nobody to get their ... yeah , that's my big problem . i tend to be pretty straightforward , but in this case i need to be tactful . i've been divorced for about a year-and-a-half now . i stared dating again about a year ago and in that time i've probably gone out with 6-7 women ( only two of them got mildly serious ) . what never ... when the woman i was just dating and i broke up a few weeks back i had the strong intuition that she was hinting at a fwb type setup . she told me that she wanted to continue to hang out on a regular ... and not to sound objectifying or anything , but the one that i dated for a bit was also by far the best lover i've ever had - very passionate and very giving . maybe that is the case for all of us ... yeah , that does sound like a very unhealthy one . it was mentioned in another thread on here this week , but cheating for an enfj is pretty rare . good thing you got away from that one . i have only once , but unfortunately at the time she wasn't emotionally ready for a serious relationship ( i might not have been either ) due to very serious relationships that we both had just gotten ... someone already kind of hit this topic , but i think that xnfxs are just different when it comes to love / relationships . those bs games don't work on nfs . i just got out of a relationship with an ... you nailed this . there aren't too many people i dislike , but if you've wronged me and get the enfj version of the door slam then prepare yourself . personally my cold is more of a passive ... i voted infj , but ... there is a caveat . i think this only applies to them before they open up . here is my example : i met a woman over a year ago that was a childhood / highschool friend ... hopefully you guys don't think i was bashing esfps from my post , i just think that for a serious romantic relationship the enfj - esfp mix is just not a good one at all . y'all are an absolute ... i'm asking this because to me cheating is such a foreign concept . i can't even fathom ever doing it . back when i was married i remember feeling very guilty because i once ran into a good friend's ... i just got out of a relationship with one . the first month or two were spectacular . she was always looking to have fun and live in the moment ... then real life caught up . the negatives i saw ... i'm sorry for the loss of your grandfather . i think that sometimes the enfj power of intuition can indeed be a curse . i , too , have been in the situation where i can tell something negative is ... enfjs can be pretty controlling if they are not the healthiest or if they are just completely unaware of those tendencies . your dad has probably thought about this a lot and has envisioned all of ... yes , i'm digging up an old thread , but i just ended things with my esfp girlfriend last night . i figured i'd weigh in on this to share another perspective on this type of match up . i'm actually ... '