' what e-type sandra maitri is ? i like her books ! i think he's sweet and lovely . e2 lol good songs , but not brilliant . it's just boring to type her . he is so sexy ... don't care about his type http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kYsxoWfjCg could he be isfj ? are you kidding ? :) he's so damn smart ! he is very rational and logical ! and , of course , he is extrovert ! yes , she could be type 9 ( sx ) . my favorite from new album : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBi6F5vVSj8 oh , i like that for my sevenish side ! : happy : hello ! i'm calling all 973/739 / 379 tritype ( the ambassador ) . let's do two things for fun : 1 ) post here a picture that best describes you 2 ) and a song i'll start :) 90791 973 9 90788 7 90789 i think she is type 6 . not type 9 and not infj ( eii ) . she could be iee or ile . who said enneagram 9 ' s songs are boring ? i'll show you some 9w8 ' s good songs ( which are not like the boring lullaby : laughing :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig ... she's 9 , i think . tori amos is a goddess and she is definitely infj ! ! ! :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4K6ZxDwi34 barney is entj , it's obvious . :) maybe t infp , i think hi ! what do you mean with all this data ? :) i'm from russia and i'm definitely a eii ( infj ) in socionics ( my type was defined by famous russian socionics and psychologist on the consultation ) ... i think sting is nf or at least nt . and , according to his biography and romantic and distanced nature - more likely p and i , but i'm not sure . : happy : ps lsi ( istj ) in socionics is istp in mbti . you are not right here . reinin's dichotomies are working thing and it has noting in common with nonsense . : happy : i could easily prove it to you if we both have an opportunity to observe in real life ... ok . i had been studying socionics for a few years and i really have a lot to say . but my poor english stops me right now . i can say only that socionics developed very far since those times when was ... why ? you are not satisfied with it's theory ? and , comparing mbti and socionics , what would you noted as a main thing , i mean , thing which explains why you're so skeptical to mbti ? ok , i don't mind . : happy : so , what do you prefer : mbti or socionics ? and on what principle you are not going to respond to my friend request ? спасибо : laughing : thank you ! : happy : from here : http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/62663-infp-socionics-xnfj.html so , looks like i'm really an infp in mbti , because i'm an infj in socionics ! ! ! vaan thanks ! oops ! seems like infj in socionics is infp in mbti ... so who i am ? i tried mbti test and it says that i am infj . oh , this is really cool ! you inspired me ! very original idea ! good ! : happy : i'm not interested in this information . why ? and who do you recommend ? thanks a lot ! i traveled almost the whole europe , but only in moscow i feel myself at home . this is one of my favorite books . it is rather cruel and describes people with violent characters , but , at the same time , with amazingly interesting personalities . and i'm looking forward to the ... welcome to the forum ! : happy : hello ! i'm infj too . nice to meet you ! :) hi ! i think , infp has a great taste in art ! nice to meet you ! :) nice to meet you ! : wink : welcome to the forum ! : laughing : black swan scoop true grit eyes wide shut fight club lock , stock and two smoking barrels l'instinct de mort ... ура ! ура ! добро пожаловать на форум ! : laughing : nice to meet you ! : laughing : skycloud 86 - thanks ! :) congratulations ! this is great ! :) ps according to socionics infp and istj is a very good combination :) oh , there is a nuance . currently existing russian socionic tests are extremely imperfect . mostly as a result they indicate type that you want to appear or type you think you are , but very rarely ... darklyvalentine - привет ! :) oh , i like true blood and californication too ! :) in russia we have our own typology called соционика ( socioniсs ) , at first glance similar to the mbti , but with many fundamental differences . this typology is not a typology itself , it's rather a ... intricate mystic , vaan , lullabyblossom , vellocent - thank you ! :) suburbanlurker - spasibo ! :) krisp - hi ! here in moscow there are heat - 39 c ( 102.2 f ) , rain and thunderstorms . ps sorry ... hi everyone ! i'm infj from moscow ! : happy : nice to meet you ! hello everybody ! i am infj from moscow ! sorry for my bad english . cool site ! i'm pleased that you know and love geoffrey chaucer and emily bronte , and i'm pleased that you consider them infj . i ... '