' i really don't care about my birthday or holidays in general . i just want to drink my coffee & enjoy myself everyday . also throw in some cuddles please . chicory cuddling , binge eating , beer , coffee , a nice candle ! yeah ! ! i have a thing for accountants . i don't really understand your question ? as long as you drop any classes you don't want to be enrolled in the by the end of the drop period then you will be fine . that's what i did this semester , i ... i want to marry my boyfriend , it sounds just right :) 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? : gay 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ): drink kahlua sometimes 3 . how many relationships have you ... when you would rather organize your house than go to a party :d so i've had a boyfriend for 4 months now and he's really lovely . kissing him is really nice :) so , almost a year later , i like snogging ! yay i love you for posting this :d do you work at subway because every time i see you , you give me a footlong when you're working at subway and you accidentally shout the word ' fuck ' loudly because you drop something . oops . lol i like using the word scrumdiddlyumptious . i think yummy can be a bit childish . can you make a forum button next to the one that says home ? i could use some cuddling :d who am i ? ? oh lordy loo . is this a common phrase in the uk ? i can sing . skycloud , do you have some sort of way to measure how funny the thread title is , such as a humormometer ? lol i wouldn't want some stranger carving my corneas with a laser lol . that sounds really hot lol . i suck at giving directions ? lmao @ thread title http://thefastertimes.com/famehype/files/2011/02/Jake-Gyllenhaal.jpg ha ha , thanks for the laugh one way i maintain neutrality is to ignore a situation until later when i have time to think about it . i'm quite narcissistic . in fact , that's why i'm always late for class because i look in a mirror and i just can't get away . j / k though i have developed quite the ego lately . but it's more ... what the hell i really want to cuddle with someone :D i think it's hilarious when i do this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3O1tcqVYuU i went on a date with some guy i like . i did enjoy being with him . although i am not currently able to contact him for some reason . he isn't answering his phone , nor im , nor text , wtf . i think he ... yes i do . i also kill a lot of bacteria and viruses on a daily basis . i don't really mind either , for all that lives must die , passing through nature to eternity . going with your premise , i would assume everything is a waste of time . we're all going to die eventually , everything we do is just a stall . lol , it is sort of like saying , pat yourself on the ... tell them that they don't deserve to be alive and that they are illogical . keep questioning why they are so illogical and berate them about how huge of a failure they are . the fact that their idols ... i'm not angry or resentful . yes and when i do it during driving , it freaks me the hell out . that's good to hear ' cause i really dig him . i've been trying to get him to go on another date , but he says , we'll see . i'm like rawr . yes exactly it depends . sometimes i look at my left leg while i jump up and down on the right . lol when your friends have to break into your house because they haven't talked to you in weeks . also , you are okay with this lol . in my experience , they ask you out and then stop talking to you lol . sometimes i wish there was a what the hell button lol . i agree , it's too white . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w27MSzPin3s&feature=related i agree with you on it being rather redundant . also i can't figure out how to see posts that people thanked me for now . :( all the time . i remember when i realized that the earth isn't flat . oh dear lord , what a day . ha ha super duper horny ha ha i think i'd either od on pills or shoot myself in the head . cheers i say the f word a lot . '