' dearest almighty universe , seriously , wtf ? ! ? why must you always toy with my feelings ? are you trying to push me off the edge ? bc i'm already walking on it . i hate you with a passion . me i'm feeling really anxious about returning to the social media world after a long absence . unfortunately , it's the only way to contact certain people because i don't have any other way to contact ... believe me ... i can relate . don't worry , enlightenment will come . your personality type : peacemaker ( voi-s ) ... deep down inside , i just know that we will meet again . to be honest , i absolutely don't want to see you again , but i intuitively know that it's not over between us . and if i don't see you again in ... lately ix92ve become obsessed with personal finance . i have my estp friend to thank for bringing to light the importance of being financially smart . i donx 92t really need a lot of money , just enough to ... note to self : don't fantasize about the next potential mate you meet . be more realistic this time . accept what is . emotionally numb . tired of feeling . these past couple of months i have been experiencing synchronicity in the form of numbers , particularly 1:11 , 11:11 , 2:22 , and 4:44 . just today i saw 111 three times . patiently waiting for ... i'm sad , but i have to survive . infp ! i tried it once . we hit it off pretty well via text for a month . he led me on and made me think there was something there . he even said he liked me . then when we finally met ... i thought our meeting ... i sent you a long-ish message on new year's eve meant as somewhat of a farewell . however , you only took it as a simple new year's greeting , as all i received was a short thank you for my kind ... at the end of the day , i'm the delusional fool who ends up suffering . nice people finish last . if i know what to do and i've done it before , then why is it more difficult this time around ? letting go ... i used too much of my heart recently and yes , i did feel worthless . but when i also use too much of my head , i also feel worthless . :( i normally don't like crowds , but it felt nice to be walking around in the city tonight . i enjoy the feeling of anonymity ; the chances of running into a familiar face and being forced to have small ... why is it that whenever i'm with you , my sorrows melt away ? however , when we finally part ways , my tears can't stop falling ? yes , you just want to be friends . i get it . i'm trying to accept ... geez .. that's a looong time . lol it took me at least 5 years to get over someone i was never even with . so maybe for me , 750 years ? ? : laughing : how long more until i can get over this heartache ? ? hit me with amnesia so i could purge 30 years worth of memories from my life . or turn me into one of those cybermen from doctor who . so i accidentally forgot my smartphone in my work vehicle at my office today . my supervisor had already left with the keys by the time i realized it , plus i didn't have his personal contact info to ... in the past few weeks there hasn't been a day that i didn't shed a tear ... i think it's time to regain my sense of rationality and rebuild my walls ... ok , so maybe i overreacted without knowing the whole story . after all , sometimes i can't help but think the worst of a situation . however , now i realize more and more that maybe it is time to let go ... so i guess this is it then ? i've just wasted all my time on you once again . :( why does this always happen to me ? no matter what i do , it seems the same patterns always repeats itself . what wrong ... i never thought that day would come when a person becomes my drug ... when a dose of him brings me to an amazing high , and the absence of him puts me into the most unbearable state of withdrawal . dear cosmos , i see a trend . every time i get my hopes up you always seem to find a way to bring them down . i'm not going to fall for it this time . i will never forget the very first time i felt alone and misunderstood ... the very first time i felt like i never truly belonged in this world . i was only five then and now i'm thirty . ... thank you for your support and advice , monsieur melancholy . i'm indeed taking on too much at once and i think i need to find a way to untangle myself . went for a walk at the park today and that ... i reached the threshold and broke down in tears again tonight . i hate feeling this way ! for once i'd like to rid myself of all emotion . why can't i , just for once , be optimistic and allow myself to be happy ? ? annoyed at myself for worrying about people who don't even give a sh * t about me . intp for me . i also remember testing isfj when i was younger . i must be a fool for getting all worked up over you . you probably only see me as a temporary plaything to be discarded as soon as you grow bored . the emotional and spiritual connection is ... after an amazing month full of adventure , i'm back to reality . i really don't want to be here . :( doctor who , will you whisk me away to another world ? you took the words right out of my mouth . i was going to write the same thing . i went for the sole purpose of learning and improving my skills , but had to put myself through very uncomfortable social situations . i tried to be more social by joining in , but in the end i failed . ... i think may i have lost my voice now but i felt immediate relief after a good scream . i hope you felt the pain in my rage . thanks for your comment circuscat ! i totally agree . often i'm afraid to express my emotions for fear they might react that way . and sometimes i feel that they just don't want to hear what i have to ... rarely do i open up to people , but every time i do i always feel like i'm a nuisance to them . :( so you're back in town for a short time and we're finally going to have that date we never had so many years ago . to be honest , while you may sound excited , i just really want to get this over with ... i highly recommend this book a mind for numbers : how to excel at math and sciences ( even if you flunked algebra ) * by barbara oakley . the author herself struggled with math in her school years but ... i feel awful for feeling this way about you . i thought i would be happy . after all , i gave you all the encouragement to break out of your shell in order to set out on an incredible journey . but ... my inner world is dark at the moment . however , without dark there would be no light . i just need to find the light switch somewhere in there . 90 % of my life i've had my hair long - shoulder length to mid-back . personally , i just find longer hair easier to manage because i can easily tie it in a ponytail . i think i've had my hair above ... this emotional pain and anger i feel ... will it ever go away ? ? happiness comes from within i tell myself but ... i tend to prefer guys closer to my age , ranging up to 5 years younger or 5 years older . as i'm getting older though , i don't mind guys up to 10 years older . but there's just no way i would date ... i'm here thinking about all the friends i cut ties with . i know it's partly my fault for pushing them away , but if all i feel is sadness when i think of them then it's all for the better . i'm ... i'm not as strong as other people imagine me to be . truth is ... i've fallen into a hole i don't think i can ever climb out of . :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6aBAQsq5jI i <3 taka ! ! : th_love : funny ... just moments ago i was writing in my private journal about how i feel like i'm falling back into an existential depressive state . then i logged on to perc and saw this post . existential ... '