' that reminds me of when i know the logic of a machine won't work like my coworkers or manager want and i have to watch them screw it up . i kill them . but seriously , i'd like to have discussions , and i'm more peeved when my views are dismissed . however , i'm mostly listening to discussions . more interesting because when i get ... gender : male ( correct ) age : 17-27 ( correct ) intelligence : average ( i'm insulted . ) openness : conservative ( what does this mean ? ) mbti personality profile : isfp ( only one letter off . nice ) ... this . i like being in control , but it is frustrating how i don't get much interaction from others unless i do the initiating . maybe it's not that bad . funny , i'm the one that has to take initiative in almost all my social interactions . i'm usually not approached unless it's to fix something , in trouble , or occasionally friends start the ... so much sleep . keep having dreams about repeating school . i keep having dreams where i'm doing some sort of physical activity and i feel weighed down . i had two occasions last night . for some reason i'm pushing an overwatch payload at work , and there's a ... i got worked to the bone yesterday . 9 hour shift with a small part consisting of me pushing 700 pounds of water bottles on a uboat with two bad wheels across a store . today's my day off and i feel ... just that i'm a late bloomer . i actually figured it out last night . i've had a seething , subconscious anger for years , and i think this has stunted my personal growth . biological growth being slow , however , is another subject ... i think the root cause of my anxiety disorder comes from the fact that , for whatever reason , i've always been slow to mature . it's not necessarily a matter of exposure in that aspect , but just it ... i'm starting to think that , because i live in the south , i have little hope of meeting any hobby communities that aren't trash . just saw the trailer . this reflects my urge to kill . meanwhile , i call earlier today for my schedule . the guy on the phone won't give me more than tomorrow's shift . tell me about it . to make matters worse , they have me coming back to work tomorrow and my day off today has just consisted of me shopping for new clothes . nice clothes and some shoes too . retail makes me want to kill people . the fake niceness i'm told to put up is killing me inside . i was so exhausted after work yesterday , i slept for twelve hours . not really sure what a drive will do . as for doing things i've never done before , it'd be nice if i could do them with other people . around here , i've had a history of too many toxic people . i've been thinking this is the issue . the problem is i have no idea how to really engage my se outside of working out . i can't do much at work , especially on days where i work checkout at walgreen's ... is this an istp thing in particular ? i get bored easily . even with things i enjoy i don't like standing in one spot for long and will go to something else , but not necessarily abandon it . in general , ... my top three are blaire white ( though she's not technically skeptic ) , shoe , and armoured . blaire strikes me as te dom , maybe entj . shoe is definitely a fi user , and a very intelligent one . maybe ... really depends , but i've done more fuck it and less indecisiveness lately . feels good , but i don't do this for everything obviously . calc 3 was fine for me . dynamics , thermodynamics , and mechanics of materials in the same semester ... i had severe burnout mid semester and dropped mom . eventually , i had to stop coming to the ... i had pretty good grades growing up . college was where things got significantly hard for me , making mostly b's with some a's for my computer science degree and a couple of c's thrown in . mechanical ... as someone who's trying to find himself , i'm not a fan of the descriptor . i do like the idea of being called the samurai . i was never someone who liked to take things apart . i saw that usually as ... acknowledging their feelings goes a long way . for example , saying i understand where you're coming from , but ... gives you more control in the argument . you're shown as not being dismissive of a ... i'm trying to be more honest with myself , like that i'm in a way a moronic brute . if you can do it , stay in school while looking at other possibilities . i tried doing that , but i couldn't get anything . i'm probably not the best person to answer this as school and i have had something of a falling out . keep that lack of motivation to study in mind . is it the subject ? are there other things you're ... i've gone through a variety of typings from enfj to enfp to entp to entj to estp to now istp . it's been a series of being more honest with my answers . i'm 26 with a degree in computer science and 3 ... i deliberately avoid trying to fit into any one box for political views . everything is so nuanced and i might be more liberal or conservative depending on the subject . for example , i'm all for the ... accused of flirting but i would never try it actively . just seems so cheesy . viktor - lackadaisy cats and avatar mufasa - mostly on inspiration but i've been told it fits t-bone - swat kats ( this is a lot of cats ) piccolo - dbz gladio - ffxv nekomaru nidai - dangan ronpa ... you can argue that the four big award shows are all politically motivated . hell , ellen herself joked that hollywood would be racist if 12 years a slave didn't win best motion picture . as someone ... just glad zootopia beat moana . moana had great music , but zootopia by far had the better story . though i am curious to see if zootopia's story , which is highly relevant with today's politics will ... i just wish people would shut up about him for a day . i voted hillary only on experience . i did not like her one bit otherwise . trump has a charm to him , but my usual response to anything trump is ... this did not apply to me at all . though i was able to befriend jocks just fine . for the sake of sanity , don't use tumblr . as much as you're willing to discuss , can you outline what you want to vent about ? a paragraph or whatever isn't needed . so instead of saying your parents ... how much i swear depends on the person . my mother hates when i use fuck but i'll swear like a sailor when mad and / or surrounded by idiots . i'm game . i don't think it's so much what's the best one but rather what's best for you . and personally , i'd use mma fights as a base at most since there's so many rules and it's strictly 1v1 . i can believe fi doms starting a lot of sjw movements , but i can see te joining in if the ideology really gets around - see mtv . if you want an evil enfp , i'd say juri from street fighter is a good pick . ninja newbie at typing but here goes nothing . overwatch pharah - istj soldier 76 - extj tracer - enfp hard sombra - entp - just because she trolls so much reaper - i'm gonna go with unhealthy isfp ... i don't have specific favorite genres . i like soundtracks a lot though . in my library , i have the lion king ( both the first release and the legacy collection ) , kung fu panda , transistor , final ... you enjoy sitting still . introduction i guess . i've gone through the personality tests several times over they ears , and now i'm estp which seems to be the most accurate for me . i'm 26 years old and trying to find my ... '