' the good news is that self-love is still possible in the privacy of your own home , or possibly the back of a bus . i don't think this applies to everyone , especially for entps . i find highly extroverted people exhausting . they can't shut up , especially estxs . personally , i tend toward introverted girls ... i didn't read the other rants . you can rant about that if you like . my rant is about these people who insist on talking to me against my will . what is it with some people ? they just like to talk ... don't you have something you could set on fire or push down a hill ? anything would be more productive than this . i find that i either don't know who most of these famous people are or i really don't like them . i mean adam sandler on the same list as jonny depp ? i would say jenna fischer is infj or ... if dane cook is entp , i wish to change my type . i really can't stand estps . anyone care to share their experience with online dating ? i'm supposed to be an extrovert , but i sure suck a meeting girls that i actually like . i moved to a new city about 6 months ago and i ... maybe they'll be old enough to drive by then : unsure : a kid is standing outside a grocery store and asks me to go inside and buy him some alcohol . with no time to think , i told him i was not 21 ( legal age in us ) . he looked a bit unsure , but went ... i would not worry the e part . we are the least extroverted extroverts out there . i can't believe that i test e . i like to think out loud and bounce ideas off of people . i don't really like to be ... you are such an intp . i don't think i want to live in your totalitarian world , no matter how great it is . who is going to enforce these rules and regulations ? i too would like for the ... i prefer indie rock . right now i'm listening to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=leI7sfmipuI it mostly makes me want to stomp on a made man . you should read a modest proposal . it's a satire . basically , the author ( jonathan swift ) advocates eating children to simultaneously solve hunger and over population . i'll play devil's advocate ... i'm no infj , but this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OMpaFvTOFk&feature=related you're just young and insecure . in 5 years ( post college ) it won't matter at all . high school is a massive competition between stupid people , conceited people , and superficial people . it really ... i usually ask for the opinion of others so that i can argue with them why i was right all along . i usually don't care at all what they have to say , i just want to think out loud . i do some bsing . it's mostly just my sop . what scares me is the things i come up with without any conscious thought . especially when other people think they are good ideas . it always leaves me ... i agree , scientist and engineers . however , quite a few ceos are are ( were ) scientists and engineers . alan mullaly of boeing and ford fame is an aeronautical engineer . bill gates and steve jobs ... from the evidence i see in the entp pictures thread , i disagree . i'd love to meet a verified female entp , or really any entp i am not related to . a lot of the worlds poorest people tried to start their own companies . it's so hard for me to imagine an entp reading the bible , koran , torah , et al . and saying that works for me . call me overly skeptical . i do not understand religion . i really do not understand ... businessman , you are either confused about your type or you are the least mature / most impulsive entp i have ever heard of . estp seems much more likely . that's the method i use . it's not exactly healthy though . as denis leary said , put down the fork and shut up . church = pyramid scheme . what is intp humor ? passive aggression . suvs . people who are too lazy to put their cart in the cart return area at stores . actually , just lazy people in general . bleach blonds . douche bags . engineer during the week . working on a pilots license on weekends / evenings . i'd like to become a flight instructor . i dunno about other entps , but you can usually find me at work . that place is like a time warp . that's one way to look at it ... one of my favorite things in the world is to do something , not even something i think is particularly clever , and have someone say i never would have thought of ... you need to stop and think about what you like doing . i too can master anything that i find to be an interesting challenge . but , there are somethings that i never get tired off doing . for me that ... is sex always emotional for you or are there times when it's strictly physical ? physical , but with a prerequisite emotional connection . would you consider / have you had one night stands ? how did ... http://pretzelday.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/pretz7.jpg no doubt . i love the first one . your hair is fantastic . i can't think of any way to say that without sounding at least a little creepy ... i have boxes of art supplies , but a $ 0.48 mechanical pencil is all i ever use . fancy erasers are a good investment though : wink : i wish i made more time to draw . i did those 3 while recovering ... yup , though i haven't done anything in about a year . ewlsey on deviantart yes please . maybe i am the only one , but i don't care to play any video games . they just don't hold my attention . i have tried a few times . i do like to play multi-player video games . i need the social ... what is the point of your posts ? if she thinks that the sentence is beautiful , that is her opinion and requires no explanation to you . alright , here is my take . i don't really make moves . i don't think that any girls are really smitten with me out the gate ( except intjs , they love me for some reason ) . usually the way it goes ... katya , i share your feeling on sensors . i think that is why i don't really like people , at least not at first ( sensor are the vast majority ) . i think i would find your extroversion ... i have dated an isfj . i would describe an isfj as traditional . the good : isfj strikes me as being quintessentially feminine . i love their empathy and urge to nurture . they are generally ... we think so too ... i must be the only entp who hates pictures of myself . i always have . entp engineer here as well . i had a design engineering job and hated it . it was all fussy details of long drawn out projects . i lasted 3.5 years . i switched to manufacturing engineering for a ... as i just said in the religious entps thread . in it's simplest form : deism = there is a god theism = that god speaks to me i have no huge problem with deism . theism just seems ludicrous to ... i'm not religious , but i am fascinated by it . i want to figure it out . more accurately , why people need it . it trips me out that someone could say to me this is what i believe , no matter what proof ... post count was 1 too low to post a video link . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-63cTYJDCA&feature=relmfu i think christopher hitchens is entp . if not , i would like to know what his type is . he has the stare of a former addict , but i think he is one of us . btw , he is now fighting stage 3 cancer . i was ... i seem to be good at making it . i'm not great at managing or keeping it . i like to always be busy . many times that means working , which makes me money . i don't worry about emergency funds or ... i'm an engineer . tried design for 3 years and was bored to death . i hate sitting around all day . i started a new job where i program and setup half-million dollar robotic machine tools . it's ... i have never been 101 % sure of what i was going to do , ever . it seems cold , but i could walk away from my career or hobbies in a heartbeat and be fine . i know that i would find something else that ... '