' well , honestly , id like , and i know , that im going to heaven when i die , and going to live in eternal happiness with everyone that matters most to me :) definitely a ( the first one ) ... ive always dreamed of living in a medieval , chronicles of narnia type of world :p 1 . girlfriend 2 . lion 3 . pet it ( o . o ) 4 . medium sized 5 . no 6 . food , kids 7 . plastic 8.drink outta it 9.waterfall 10 . jump i understand man , but i dont even intend to do it when i am . i kind of subconsciously push people away . lost me a few friends , and to be honest with you , i just want to be alone now . and like you , i ... yea i do that all the time ... like im listening to airplanes pt 2 by bob ft . eminem and hayley williams , and im listening to eminems verse is so sad ... also changes-tupac is also a very lyrical song . ... i have my own beliefs , and i dont change them due to what others think . however , i dont express them , because im afraid of what everyone else will say . keeps me from expressing myself . yea im crazy paranoid too ... i always think someones talking about me , or any of those things . and judging by the other comments , alot of infp's could have paranoia . im a christian , but ive kind of changed it up to my liking . but i still retain all , or most of the moral values . i just believe that the only thing that matters is good deeds :p . gifted , but lazy . and when i wasnt lazy i was overlooked . worked my ass off in football , and i was probably the best cornerback the team had to offer , and one of the fastest kids . coach was an ass to ... i guess something that keeps you busy , and isnt repetitive ? its hard for us infps to find the perfect job / career ... im young , but i cant even stay on one thing for that long , so i worry for my ... well ive always been fascinated by dreams ... ive always loved the ideas of angels , i love the chronicles of narnia , i just love getting into the lore and story of games and books . like i remember this ... yea i think i could emotionally wreck anyone . i can see someones weakness by just knowing them for a few days , not a good skill xd . oh and i can sneak around well , cus im a pretty trustworthy person , ... how important do you think family is ? as in biological ? for me , ill treat my family the same i treat others ... sometimes ill criticize them more . if i get really close to someone , ill consider them ... definitely ... as we speak im procrastinating an english project :( . in screws me over in school so badly , and in other things too , like exercise . we should all find a solution :p ketchup , cockroaches , mice , just to name a few :p rowing , that comment definitely wasnt a joke . it was actually pretty offensive . ( i dont know how to quote ): ) i hate pain rofl . physically , i hate it , i can fight it , but i hate it , and avoid even the slightest pain . mentally too . i thought it was an amazing ending , so glad they went with an emotional ending :D ... the unanswered questions dont really bug me though . well ... i believe in christianity because it fits my moral standards ( most of it ) . and i was never forced into it , it was all my choice ( which is a stereotype . ) . and , i dont judge it by the people who ... well guys , i just tried at my first deliberate attempt at lucid dreaming . i was listening to theta binaural beats and i couldnt even sleep - . - . so it was a fail :( hey this thread is to talk about lucid dreaming , the techniques to have one , and your experiences with one ! i personally have never had one , but i want to have the experience . listen to music , browse music , watch tv , play video games , read , play guitar :p . listening to music , blocking out every other sound is quite relaxing imo . i listen to nearly everything :p ... i prefer really good instrumentals and rap to anything , but i listen to other genres alot too ! well i was on vacation in sri lanka , and we were in this vacation house , and for some reason there was a grill in the room next to my room . that led to my mom , sister , aunt , uncle , cousin , and me ... donate as many of my organs as possible . than cremated . want my ashes spread out over a mountain range ( any of them ) . denzel washington . nuff said :p you most likely wont look down on anyone in the military . you should look at them as equals , because theyre out there doing the same shit as you . dont know about psychology though ... and i say stupid ... 1 . the dark knight 2 . the hangover 3 . saving private ryan 4 . forrest gump 5 . the expendables i luv playing some rpgs ... like runescape ! oblivion sucked though for me ... im one of those infps that want to make the world a better place , and sometimes , like you , i too feel insignificant . but realize that everyone matters , and everyone is special in there own way ! ... post your favorite quotes ! don't ever let someone tell you , you can't do something . not even me . you got a dream , you got to protect it . people canx 92t do something themselves , they want to tell ... were in tune with our emotions ... and heres a very nice quote that can describe an infp ! those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that all was vanity ; ... i hate getting told what to do . it drives me batshit insane . like yesterday my friend was bossing me around ( at least in my point of view ) , and i just bugged out on her . never been to utah ! and ive never had one , i only want one relationship in my life xd . anywhoodle i never met another isaac before o . o alot of acquaintances , around 4 or 5 true friends : i dislike people taking advantage of others , but in reality , theres nothing better than capitalism right now : . it might not give fair chances , but if you work hard youll succeed . and i read 2 ... wait you got a close friend named isaac ? im curious now ... do you live in the wonderful state of new york ? sometimes i like to keep quiet , and just think and keep to myself . ive been doing this alot recently . but sometimes i can be extremely hyper and playful , like when im playing a sport . but ive never ... im sorry that happened to you , but dont a bunch of insecure bullys get the best of you . and dont be afraid to tell family or close friends . they're there for a reason ;) . you obviously didnt deserve ... well i myself easily trust and forgive people , and i feel like people take advantage of it ... sometimes i feel as if i just have to drop some people , but i cant bring myself to , and instead i end up ... i hate waking up early as well , and im also late alot . in fact , i woke up an hour a half late today , so i didnt go to school :p thanks everyone , your comments actually really made me smile :D musician , firefighter , police officer , professional quarterback or runningback , skydiver . hayden panettiere ftw ... daydreamingss my middle name :p do what you wanna do :p . i want to do something meaningful , like becoming a police officer or firefighter . but dont doubt yourself , aim for the moon . im the one who daysdreams half of my life . im the one who defends what i believe in . im the one who is willing to change the world . definitely . i try hard to hold it in , but always ends up happening :( . i have multiple heroes . my heroes are mainly the people in the armed forces , willing to die for what they believe in , and the people in the peace corps . mainly the people willing to make a ... lol thank you :) this seems like a very welcoming forum '