' would you ever adopt a child ? maybe would you ever cheat on your partner ? no . would you ever take a bullet for someone else ? for my child yes . would you ever slap someone for ... i'm watching the naruto episodes for the first time , about 150 episodes in . a joy filled retard , because i probably wouldn't be fully aware of having a handicap . alzheimers was an example , losing my mind would just be horrendous , to not be able to use it fully or efficiently anymore doesn't bear thinking about . cows have such pretty eyes too , but i think ... we have an unidentifiable allure . may not be based on looks though . x not being loved . not having anything of any worth or interest to say . losing my mind to alzheimers in old age . spiders . cows . thunder and lightening . the dark . hmmm , i often considered the ' rule the world ' thing . i don't think i would . what if ( on the off chance ) i were wrong in my method , and i made it worse ( if that is possible ) ? that's a lot of ... depression and anxiety disorder . dodgy , dangerous , mostly full of sexual predators which discredits the genuine people looking for love . i am studying for a ba hons in english literature and language with the ou , with a view to completing an ma too and then going on to lecture , the money can be good . my ultimate aim is a nice family ... i get it , but i don't at the same time ... i know what i want before i get there , i know where what i want is located , i get it , i pay , i leave . unless it's clothes , i can spend hours looking at ... this might well work on intj's too , it'd get to me , mostly because i already worry i have nothing of value to say to entertain people . i disconcert those who intrude on my time / space by staying silent after they say something and by keeping a bored but mostly blank look on my face through their entire monologue , occassionally ... i get like this in public , mostly in big shops , i get hot , and suddenly my temper has gone ; why must people deliberate so much over what they want when shopping ? you enter , get what you need , and ... i'm an ou student , i avoid examined component courses like the plague , i also avoid the lectures , preferring to get the notes the tutor used or to simply work a little bit harder . yes , i buy it immediately when i see it ( if i can afford it , if not i wait a little ) then as soon as i have it i give it to them . i'm glad i'm not weird in this respect , i think even my friends don't ... i was smart and witty , but generally a loner , i had a very lonely time during my teen years , i was also ahead of my age which others found boring ... i had a couple of friends , 1 of which i still ... me neither , i tried for my sons first christmas , began buying in advance , only things i saw that i thought he'd love and that made me smile and think of him , but i found the whole waiting till ... i have 3 , 4 including my partner . the magic 3 are friends i made years ago , and they turned out to be the ones who didn't judge my vanishing acts and my oddness , who stayed loyal no matter what . they ... i avoid christmas like the plague , though i was brought up a jehovahs witness , then my parents left and just used it's pagan roots to be proper grinchy about it , continueing to not do christmas ... i saw the joke , i didn't realize i came across dry and lacking in a sense of humour ... yes a smart witty quip , wish i'd done it justice now : sad : . i acknowledge your abstract humour , and ask of ... : shocked : i rarely generalize , except on intelligence matters , as above ! the fact that they were both abusive and jw is coincidence . were you also introduced to the truth from birth ? it's ... come to the uk ... you'll find the iq's of most here satisfyingly low ... : tongue : so safe and simple or smart ... are these preferred or do you find it hard to dress ' mainstream ' ? apologies if this has been posted here before ... but what do you other intj's wear on a daily basis ? what is your ' stlye ' / ' look ' ? : tongue : sure , you can have my evil abusive jehovahs witness family ... :-) sounds epic , i was ' blessed ' with town / city life ... english lit and lang degree with a view to teaching then lecturing . or skipping the teaching in kiddies schools altogether . thankyou , i guess it goes to show we're not all the same . we're typed the same , but we all have our quirks . i suppose i like trees and nature because they are so far removed from all the ... robin williams . he's got so much energy in his movies , just epic , like a big kid . his dark eyes , his pretty shapely lips , his cute nose . [ quote = rereshaneera ; 1329905 ] 1 . what's your partner's ( spouse / girlfriend / boyfriend / fiancee ) mbti type ? infj . 2 . how's your relationship with them ? do you enjoy it ? very close , fabulous , ... it looked pretty and i was happy ... plus it looked like a great place to sit . i've actually just looked through a load of my photos and there are loads of me in trees this year ... huh , strange . 5582055821 5582255823 damn i didn't see this , i even got a kick out of typing it and posting :-( humph ! baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me , no more ... from my experience , they're different . often people say to me i've never met anyone ... like ... you ... before , you're umm , different so perhaps think back to the last time you met a girl and didn't ... originally mistyped as an intp , but a few things weren't adding up . oh pleeease ... no tickling ! :-) yo , hi and thankyou :-) or alternatively , you feel tempted to offer your services knowing that said person will probably refuse your personal help . but once late you realise there is no point in rushing ... late is late , can't get any later than late ? ? ? i was going to say ... when you spot a spelling mistake halfway down a page you've not even begun to read yet , and you begin to get an itchy angry feeling and the strong compulsion to yell what the ... [ quote = sptheghost ; 3209037 ] ... yesss ... welllcoomme / quote ] to the dark side ? ? ? ( am laughing in the face of danger , in my safe warm room protected by my laptop screen ) . thankyou :-) thankyou :-) just dropping in briefly to say hi , was originally mistyped , so happy to be finally in a forum with people who make sense to me ! i dunno , i write letters to explain my feelings to others if the issue is big enough , but generally emotional letters from others don't have much effect on me ... however , scarlett.page has given a ... i sit alone in this winter clarity which clouds my mind ... mumford and sons . one of what pictures ? ? ? 5549655497 5549855499 55500 does this not cause a rift and distance ? '