' precisely . which is why i am thoroughly pissed at her ignorance in this situation . there is only one thing that can truly get me pissed in a matter of seconds , that is someone i love being harmed and unfairly wronged . this is by far the most pissed i've ever been in my life ... ... personality tests should never be 100 % trusted . they are a good starting point , but they are not always accurate . a few months back before my sister knew about mbti i asked if on average whether ... just a quick interaction with my sister as we were driving back home after picking up food we ordered . i was doing my usual thing , getting lost in my thoughts as i stare out the window when we drive ... support . all i can say is that it involved him becoming president of his fraternity . so i went . edit : i hated it , but a big achievement by someone i deem a friend deserves support . went to a club with a friend for the first time ... now i see just how much of an intj i am . i'm further out of place than i've ever been before . when someone asks if you're alright and you were perfectly fine up until they patted you on the back . is the touching really necessary when they ask that ? maybe it's just me ... long time intp friend attempting to joke with me during a conversation . it fails but still ends up being amusing . intp : i have a present for you . been meaning to give it to you for years . me : ... well , there are some intjs who do have a superiority complex when they are younger ( in terms of intelligence ) , but they usually mature out of that phase when they get older . given your designated ... no problem . :P @giagigi @ i believe you can subscribe to a thread just by clicking the thread tools tab at the top of the thread . * points up * there will be an option to subscribe . just a helpful tip if you ... my best friend , who is also an esfj , is just like this . it's even worse when a break up happens . constantly rehashing what went wrong , going back and forth from hating the person to still loving ... so i finally finished my aa , 100 % confirmed ( after checking my degree audit more than 100 times ) . went up to the college to insure there were no other requirements that needed to be done in order to ... oh yes , i have heard of that term but don't care much to label myself a gold star . i fail to understand the pride people have in that label . then in that case i have no chance of ever losing my virginity . : laughing : unless you count the use of fingers which leads into a whole other topic if virginity is even a thing , and i for one would ... of course , but that doesn't mean we can't have an open mind to what others might think . given that virginity is lost by the act of having sex , someone who thinks that they can lose their virginity ... i can't really say what mbti types i attract , per say , but i do tend to attract overly sensitive types . it's odd , because those types of people tend to be the ones that i offend the most ( albeit ... art has always been something i was naturally good at , more specifically drawing and painting . since i knew it was something i was already skilled at i continued to do it , mainly because i knew i ... there are people who experience pleasure from giving it . you are asking the wrong person . : unsure : i don't consider it as loosing one's virginity , but sex is sex how ever you look at it , so someone else might consider it so . twas oral . 16 for relationship for virginity i suppose at the age of 20 ( if you want to consider giving rather than receiving as losing one's virginity ) . : unsure : random amusing text chat before bed with my enfp s . o .. so : babe i want one * links gif of a micro pig * me : okay ... o : get one then . so : i will : 3 .. if i had a farm v . v me : you don't need a farm ... age : 24 gender : female country of residence : u . s . nationality : american languages : english so much ... cheeriness and interest ... i honestly am unsure how to feel about your post . : unsure : perc is the abbreviation of personalitycafe . indeed it would sell well . however , the last smiley intj prototype we worked on had a few ' kinks ' that caused it malfunction and explode whenever it smiled for more than a second . quite the hazardous ... i got ' journalist ' . ello there . welcome to perc . feel free to brows the intj section for the intj male of your choosing . we have a wide selection of intj males . we have tall ones , short ones , big ones , skinny ones , ... rant / vent : so i had three donuts , and my brother supposedly had three donuts as well . i ate two the day before and saved the last one for today . well , come to find out , my doughnut was eaten by my ... woke up this morning to find the second book of the series i'm reading sitting outside my door . now that is one surprise gift i do not mind one bit . today is a good day . : kitteh : i'm currently reading the house of the scorpion by nancy farmer . i had read this before a few years ago but i'm re-reading it so as to refresh my memory before reading her more recent installment ... just a little rant . i love my sister , but sometimes she says the most ignorant things . apparently sexism only exists for females and not males ... that blew my mind . sexism by definition is the ... i wouldn't consider myself a big anime fan or obsess over it but it's nice to watch every now and then if i'm feeling up to it . my personal favorites are : - hellsing / hellsing ultimate - fullmetal ... never ... i don't apply enough pressure to cause the tips of my pencils to break , unless it's a mechanical pencil with thin lead . otherwise , no . are you insinuating that we are nothing but socially inept , emotionless robots ? you should not take stereotypes so seriously ... for myself , when i subconsciously replace one word for another that consequently changes the focus of my entire sentence , and i don't catch the mistake ... edit : don't mind this , ended up quoting myself . yeah that's actually what i was meaning to post , there was an error in my post and i meant ' the ' instead of ' her ' . : unsure : i'm kicking myself for that one ... you may find this site useful . introverted sensing ( si ) one of your eight cognitive functions yeah ... i do not understand her logic there and honestly i think i just lost a brain cell trying to figure that one out . : mellow : what ? expanding on what laurie 17 said , input from others can be useful but it is ultimately best that you do thorough research on the matter and come to your own conclusion . that said , avoid comparing ... this too . personally i wouldn't be that bugged . if you're interested in a question that was posed on this thread ( or any intj thread ) then by all means respond . but that doesn't mean that the people who were ... just purely on stereotype alone and based on my stereotype as well ... i think i would have a harder time being with an esfj . of course , as you stated , everyone is different , so that doesn't ... o . o ? you realize you're replying to your own post ? ^ this . plus : - finally finding a book to really get lost in . - rainy days . - when there's unnecessary noise and chatter and it finally goes silent ... that's a nice feeling . - finding a ... here you are . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/523826-experiences-esfps-general-opinion-them.html '