' a warm welcome from an intp . it's nice here . be well . the woman who marries mex 97she must be indisputably patient , utterly insane , or non-existent . that of which cannot be falsifiable , cannot furnish anything toward scientific method — anything from the scientific method , cannot furnish something unfalsifiable . it is not with the current , ... you might take care to marshal the content of your thoughts . dead serious , i was just looking at this 4 hours ago . perhaps you may interest me in such a delight of how your social studies may extent its fascist claw this this heathen . i ruined your ellipsis . at what point do we take this to dr . phil ? gauss received mere criticism and was taken aback by it to redevelop concepts for 50 years . i mean , don't get me wrong . i believe in you . if you're gauss . sly , try to touch your reflection's nose on the mirror ^ . ^ this is highly interesting . but maybe we might think about a gradient of extremes . humble : not casting judgment on either arrogance or confidence , but can recognize the two by the least amount of ... wait , i thought the objective here was to actually get a response : 3 my psychologist provided me with some info on this . it really has to do with upbringing and the consistency of ' partial pressures ' from social mores and the inner voice — then the comparative analysis ... d'ohhh that smacks of estj . i'm always aware because i just see everything for its geometry . i'm always trying to merge shapes , spatially or i'd wonder what a building would look like with a different architecture to it etc ... they could be , but that doesn't mean they still can't secrete venom . too many are alive to consider that they aren't creating venom , as they may need such things to digest food properly . also , there ... i fear bees . on another note , we should all aspire to be like this man . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIMigVo1pyA the pursuit of happiness : lil ' choked up . 127 hours ( crazy movie ): see above result . toy story 3 got me real good ... exactly . this was the ' game theoretical ' approach i mentioned before . i considered this with my friend up until his justification for an outburst , they had to know , and they had to know fast . as if ... when i'm doing some of my most extreme thinking , i listen to this song ( a sample ) — post yours . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfquCyS1RmQ&feature=related i was tempted by this , the other night . was down by wall street and someone asked me where the nearest bar is . i pointed in some nebulous direction , but i thought taking both of my hands to point in ... you're exactly the opposite of a friend of mine . we'd have a conversation about anything on the subway . then , and so very suddenly , he'd walk over to another passenger with urgency or if something ... so this is what happens : i'm chatty and friendly with strangers for some odd-reason ( a mental , game theoretical approach , for i cannot lose anything substantial — except more of my sanity , which is ... it would seem that there's ultimately no difference between a god who infinitely exists and infinite big bang / crunches . that's a stark polarity ^ ^ unfortunately it did . fortunately , it's rare now because we're a country of litigation . i had another one where if you'd ask him a specific question that required you to read a section that you ... bad teacher : 1 ) . gives you 99 % on the premise that no one is perfect , even though you got everything correct . 2 ) . at the end of the year , does not actually grade the final exams , but thows ... so this is interesting . i'm not at all sure that savantism is something that you can just voluntarily think yourself into . there must exist a prior genetic reason for it to occur , no different ... well , i got at something , but you didn't get the point . i'll concede to say that we both failed . oye , don't get me started on this . i mean , sure , a little sophistry ( trolling ) can be fun every now and then . i notice sophistry and inapplicable pedantry , almost immediately however . i never play ... yep he was a microbiologist . very informative but very much all over the place . he hated the textbook the school asked him to use ( who spells it like procaryotes ? ! ? ) all in all he had ... some kind of baked good . examine his affinity for the muffin . what topics were on there ? now , for some strange reason , i keep getting these visions from when i was 3 or 4 and it's of a sunset . i thought it was one of the most beautiful things that i'd ever seenx 97i still hold that in the ... those guys are such cretins . said , the cretin ;P now for some clarity . everyone has varying thoughts and acumen to be appreciated . at the same time , i haven't seen anything brilliant in any ... yeah but pi is irrational so anything it says will just mean it continues gabbing on and on . pi could never be an intp . a fairly negative , cynical or pessimistic number under a square root sign ... i imagine 2 types of psychopathy . the first is the violent type . in this type you may note that the affected person is violent because of the inability to control the urge to commit heinous acts ... i'm interested in the human will to persevere . 127 hours captured this perfectly for me . think i'll commandeer , sociological determinism for a bit . the concept itself might lend a helping hand , to an intoxicating form of typism and a case of mistaken skill ... the latter , 0.03 % more ... i like feeler's so long as they don't try to dilute me when i'm in a muse . hm ... it would also seem that i'm a feeler whenever i sit down to write a poem . then i glance at my math booth and the ... adderall all day every day . i go for extraverts who are sensitive to my introverted qualities . at the same time , introverts have more in common with me , but they're not as crazy or driven so i end up wanting to be alone anyway ... i can't stop laughing at this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs9FfiVOtPE you are totally correct . detox was a bit of a parroted word on my part . and lean meat is good as well . i was just giving ( or attempting to ) a run down of what would actually happen when one does ... d'ohhh don't worry . a little psychopathy never hurt any one ... person . if this is a very slight generalization , i can see that this can be justified . however , the body is genetically , through a safe generalization , an organism that of which ph is the integral role in ... very interesting . if you try to detox your body , like vegan for a few days or so ... you'll see the bliss cracking through . one month straight . i was at unimaginable peace — there were muffins . cinnamon coast trunch ! ? ! really dyslexia ? oh she's there all right . first thing in the morning . perhaps paul mooney as well . hrm ... interesting . what say you about einstein being a humble person , except , he used to get into violent arguments and beat his first wife ? humility does not matter as a deeper principle alone if ... '