' my boyfriend is an intp and has told me before that our communication is a lot different than it is with other intuitives .. especially ne users . sent from my 5054n using tapatalk what about if you dont remember your password ? i'm logged in on tapatalk . but want to log in on a computer .. can't i reset my password somehow without knowing it ? sent from my 5054n using tapatalk i've tried looking for the option on my laptop and my phone and can't find it . sent from my 5054n using tapatalk when in a relationship , are you guys lovey dovey with your partner at times ? gushy sweet ? or are you the same as you always are ? soft , gooey insides or nah ? intps are probably in my top three favorite types . ( i say top three because i don't like deciding a favorite . so top three it is . ) and my boyfriend is intp . he's great . big mind , big ideas and ... i'm about to break down this post even though i'm feeling particularly lazy . it sparked my interest because i've often thought i had more st / nt characteristics at times , but i've learned what those ... i've heard from a lot of people , and descriptions of isfps that we are easily forgotten . we don't make an impact on people's lives ( for a long time , at least .. it's very short lived ) and we tend to ... there's a lot of it on here between intjs and intps , although probably mostly playful . sent from my 5054n using tapatalk grandmaster yoda is sorry . you went out shrimping , eh ? how was it ? did you go out lobstering as well ? ientipi of course ! i've had tons of intjs compliment intps and vice versa . i think the ... husbando ! sent from my 5054n using tapatalk i see , so basically it just serves as a balance to your ti + ne over thinking . te will use what's observable , the facts and what is obvious . ni can also be helpful in ways to accurately pin point ... thank you for explaining ! what does overboard mean in that context ? like overbearingly trying to get you to open up , not giving enough space , pushy ? sent from my 5054n using tapatalk why do you think it's primarily among xxtjs you see this with ? would you say it's even more so among intjs ? i see a lot of great rapport between intps and intjs . sent from my 5054n using tapatalk headofhudet pretty much the same as what i said to fredward . i don't understand the amazement behind the reactions . it is what it is . some people express more than others . i can see why that ... i see . that makes sense . a few others have described the same kind of responses from people who witness things like that , from intps specifically i guess . i suppose the point of view from the ... have any of you met a person that's made you feel comfortable with feeling ? i guess , to elaborate , someone who makes you feel at ease and comfortable to open up your emotional side . someone that ... i think this is definitely an isfp thing . can confirm , am isfp . speaking of taxes , i just filed mine ... so there's that . that gives me a couple extra hundred bucks to put toward a car , in the next few weeks . i've been actively putting in my applications at places ... i need to call on my te , pretty much . i spoke with a good friend and she basically confirmed my own idea that i had already . listing what i have to get done from most important to least , and slowly ... i just spent the past 4 days with my guy whom of which i'm in a ldr with . he flew a few states down to see me for the second time . i was feeling really good , up until 30 minutes into getting home ... i think what the at you means is that the person , a sensor in this case , wasn't absorbing what was being said . or not responding in a fashion that offers new insight , or something abstract to work ... thank you for elaborating . i left your response alone at first because i had a feeling you'd come back and add some more . :) that's a good analogy . it gets the point across , at least . it makes ... how easy would you guys say it is to communicate with a sensor ? is there a difference between communication with a sensor and an intuitive ? does it flow easier with fellow intuitives ? i'm asking ... we're usually 9 , 4 and 6 i believe . i open up if others open up to me first . and in those cases , it doesn't feel as invasive , where as if a person asked me something personal without opening up to me first , it would . sent from my ... i'm absolutely serious . i don't play games when it comes to relationships . he told me he really trusted me , didn't know why exactly but i honestly really cherish and appreciate that he even said ... i think you're under the impression that thinking types somehow feel less than feeling types . this is a common stereotype , but not true at all . if anything , i've experienced the emotions from ... based on this , i'm more of a question asker . lol i open up when i see others are opening up to me . i'm not going to just hand out private , sensitive information to someone who doesn't first trust me ... 1am - 3am most nights . i think there's definite accuracy in it , but the way some people choose to apply it really waters it's legitimacy down . mbti is a good tool to understand people's reasons behind their motivations , ... you might have both 5 and 1 in your tritype ? so yeah , all types ' wings will be the number preceding or succeeding that number . example : 1 ' s wings will be 9 or 2 . 2 ' s wings will be 1 or 3 . and ... hm . i guess that openness could be apart of her recovery ( that's a huge step in recovering from addiction ) . willingness to communicate is almost always a positive thing , though , and it's better than ... parts in bold were particularly familiar . it wasn't pleasant to be on the receiving end of , however i'm sure it's even less pleasant feeling this way first hand . it would be a slippery slope of ... can you just ask them upfront ? get it out of the way ? hey , would you happen to be a manic depressive intp ? if so ... * gives yoda all of the positive re enforcement he deserves .. you know , hugs and snuggles and stuff * do you want a sugary snack as well ? icecream ? cookies ? frozen yogurt ? pardon my past drunkenness , then . i'm all for elucidating on something i've said ... as long as people care enough , lol . the reasoning for my first post , in comparing an unhealthy vs healthy ... nnnnooo . not intentionally ! the holidays had me busy with work , family and now i'm recouping , ya know ? i shall never purposely ignore you . : unsure : then you have issues that don't relate at all with intimacy , interpersonal and intrapersonal problems ? those were the kind of issues i meant when i was referencing this guy . not general issues as a ... nuhuh . i'm talking about two completely different people , one of which has a wide array of issues , kind of in an unhealthy mindset . the other has his head on his shoulders straight , has no problem ... the difference between a mature , healthy intp and an immature , unhealthy intp is night and day . i swear . then again , we're all individuals with hundreds of qualities that differentiate us . so why ... i cried . and i cried , and cried and cried and cried . and i'm so ready for this shit . so ready . heart digger lol i'm more talkative and giggly . my inhibitions go down enough to do things i'd normally find embarrassing when sober . edit : so , upon further pondering of my past experiences in being drunk , i'd say ... i'm surprisingly competitive , d mom-tested as istj and intp . i literally see no traces of intp in her , personally . she's gotten it twice on the test , but as i've tried explaining to my sister who just recently got into mbti , the ... indeed , very bent on the rules . what're everyone's thoughts on the new characters ? ? notably - negan , dwight ( blonde hair , burnt face ) , sherry ( dwight's ex-wife , now negan's ) ? ? negan - estp doesn't seem too farfetched . but i ... honestly my last post was a teeny revelation on remembering to take age into consideration when typing . bojack is 52 , well into developing his fe and probably si as well . although , he's also ... i've never masturbated . ever never ever in the past week . on a scale from white girl wasted to alcohol poisoning , how drunk would i get if i took a shot every time someone said the word triggered in this entire thread ? or even just the span of 10 pages . ... '