' i agree with what a few people have mentionned , grammar study , especially if you already know a few other languages , can be a real time-saver . one of my favourite way of picking up new information ... in my experience , infps learn about a philosophical doctrine by espousing it and defending it and experiencing it from the inside as much as they can , trying new possibilities and just you know , ... the question was esfj or enfj , so aux-si or ni . i've always viewed philosophy as the field of intuition and the realm of intuitives , which marked her philosophical interest , amongst other things , as ... catherine intj , maybe yeah . it's hard to tell . and about samantha , yeah , well , the more i think about it , the more enfj makes sense for her . the way organizing seems her second nature is not very ... i'm just messing with you . i agree intps are well-disposed towards philosophy , like many intuitives , and maybe more so than others . i admit i used to be suspiscious of the assumption that plato could ... hahahaha ! i'm glad a true intp and ravenclaw agrees with my assessment ! i've always thought luna to be her own very special brand of intp ( i don't see what else she could be ) . as for every ... but don't you agree that sort of weightless and free outlook on words you get with second and third languages allows for a special affinity to poetry ? i don't know if i've expressed it correctly , ... lovely thread , thank you infjbrit . i do love poetry so much it's hard to pick a few . i guess i'll just go with my top three poets among those i actually bothered memorizing poems from .  ... 1 ) grapheme-colour synesthesia , with slight variation depending on the language / alphabet ( higher saturation to english , subtle sheen to french , more texture to german , deeper colours to ancient ... i guess you just kind of feel the sounds ? iesh . that's hard . did you tell people about this ? do you tend to keep those intuitions to yourself ? i'm so glad this thread exists because yeah , it can be a bit overwhelming . i've had a few markedly live dreams about the people i care . i dreamt i met on campus this friend of mine who lives ... wow ! that seems like a lot of sensory data to compute ! i think i'd hate to hear movement ! what kind of sounds do you hear ? i've read somewhere about impossible colours like your 5 . i have that ... high five ! :) oh ! congratulations ! 7 is a very good score ! i think you should not hesitate in learning a new language , especially as a synesthete , because synesthesia is an immensely powerful language ... i've stumbled upon a series on netflix called shakespeare uncovered . the one on macbeth presented by ethan hawke dedicated a whole section to lady macbeth . i thought i'd give you the hint ;) yay ! i'm glad i stumbled on this thread ! i've been longing to discuss synesthesia and intuition ! 92796 i have a completely different color palette than you guys for letters and numbers , above ... oh my ! hahahaha ! the doll incident is so funny . thank you for sharing it . i kind of get what she could mean by that doll has a lot of personality , though i'd have to see it . from what i gather , you ... i've found greater undestanding with enfps than with infps . enfps are very laid-back and the ones i know are very creative . they understand when i say stuff like that shade of green make me feel ... :) yeah , well , i got carried away . sorry about that . even though i'm glad you found something worthwile in all that . but you know , listen to you heart and people who know you best , you'll get the best ... she really is an amazing and unique character . not much meekness in her . i think you're right , entj would account for her impatience , her need to get things done and how very convincing she can be ... hahahaha ! and here's one just for you ;) omg you do ? ! hahahaha ! incredible ! congratulation on the start of you journey :) and thank you for your question , really it has given me a lovely opportunity for a quiet contemplation of my ... i think you did a fine job remembering them , they all seem very defensible . i've asked myself about orlando and couldn't come up with anything but xsfp seems right , and i'd even say esfp . he ... hi agnes ! :) welcome to personality cafe ! i hope we'll be of some use to you ! i'm not an enfj myself but my lovely elder sister is an enfj and really , wow ! you remind me so much of her ! she's all ... hi gleeful ! sorry ! i hadn't noticed your contribution ! so i just happened to have posted the exact opposite opinion ! : wink : . well , i don't think she's doing it because it's the right thing to do , ... aaaah ! excellent question , satan claus ! ( hello satan claus ! what a nice username ! ) i love lady macbeth ! i used to have an eraser with out , damned spot ! on it . i always felt so frantic when i used ... oh thank you so much twiddledeb ! i do trust him in the judgment of his own character . extroverted he is then ! hi guys ! infj gryffindor here ! lovely thread ! so i've rackled my brains to remember all of my pottermore-tested friend's houses : gryffindor : 2xistp , 2xenfj , 2xinfj ravenclaw : intp , intj , ... thanks for your answer . do you think it had to do with si ? oh my mister default settings i believe i have not entirely been honest with you . time to set the story straight . i don't believe in catholic humility . it just popped in my mind like that at the ... hahahaha people learn to watch their word around entps . it's not bad . thank you for confessing your hoarder / germ-freak tendecies , i really had to ask . oh but i do like it ! i know i sounded critical but it's the dearest thing that she'll remember i told her my sister doesn't like brushing her teeth in the company of others eight years after we had ... yeah , this is what i had in mind . i wish we had a good source ! :) whoah , i might have mispelled something or used the wrong phrasing , english is only my third language so please be kind . i'm confused and not exactly sure where you see a problem with what i wrote ... i've noticed entps do that , remember tiny details of long-forgotten conversations and bring them back in a discussion . this very good entp friend of mine knows all of my cousin's names and ... is si the reason why entps can be both hoarders and germ-freak at the same time ? is si the reason why entps can have such specific food preferences ? great novel ! my favourite still is pride and prejudice , but sense and sensibility is beautifully written too . i love elinor ! i have such a hard time not blaming marianne when i read sense and ... i think the connection between male intj and female infj is amazing . one of my very best friend is an intj and this friendship is so rewarding . we're now at a place where we can work together on ... i love how aware they are of their surroundings . the entire room takes life and acquires a whole new dimension with them . i like the sense of urgency estps bring . i have something against entp ... wow ! marianne extroverted ? adjugé ! i'm hugely impressed ! thank you for putting us back on track with marianne's case . i loved the presentation , thank you for the refenrences . so maybe then esfp ? twist it the way you like , this statement is funny at best , depressing at worst . i actually laughed when my intj friend publicly proclaimed this , but the small part of my mind that has retained some ... wonderful subjects ! i've considered teaching languages too . i loved language classes back in secondary school . especially english classes . so formative and creative . english is such a free language ... teacher in the making here ! :) 1 . what type are you ? infj 2 . what do you ( intend to ) teach ? philosophy in junior college 3 . how long have you taught for ? still studying . i've had one ... yes , i've noticed this too ! you enfps really care about people . to me , enfps are the less self-centered type of fi user out there . angelcat , you may have a point with marianne admiring brandon's loyalty and si . and yet … ! my premise of melancholy might be off , but the more i think about it , the more i believe marianne to be an ... interesting angle fried eggz . thanks you so much for the extra kick ! i'm not sure about this one though . ixfp have this tendency to melancholy ( i always think richard ii ) which i don't see in lizzie ... you doubt they're introverts ? it seemed so obvious to me but now that you type them so i don't know anymore . here's my contribution with characters from the historical plays richard ii - ixfp henry iv ( bollingbroke ) - entj henry v ( hal ) - entp falstaff - enfp henry vi - isfj edward iv - esfp ... '