' hmm ... a . p b . s ? c . p and t d . i e . s istp ? sorry for not guessing in the same manner as the rest of you . :P maybe i like to be a tad bit different too ... sounds like a good idea to me ! hello mr intj , how ya doing today ? have you learned much from this little forum yet ? http://i.imgur.com/lRMAzpM.png * gasp * so you like it too ? :P well at least you count us as people ... sometimes i think we're aliens . esfps , the most show off type of them all ! ( or one would assume ) yeah , guess that's why i'm on this thread asking questions . :P too moody . hide your emotions ! just something they want then ? uh hmm ... * thinks * not really . no . not at all ? is that something people need ? could you explain why ? narcissistic f types ... what would the world be like without them ? honestly ... now i'm curious ... well ... uh ... this is what happens when i leave , huh ? i'm not even sure i can criticize a infp too much , they might get upset . also , narcissistic i completely agree with your outlook on life . xd hmm ... fair point , thought i wonder what intps did before google . also , are we just going to exchange insults about our own type back and worth now ? cause that almost seems like an insult to our type ... but why does the thought count ? in understand if they come reaping as you put it . but if they don't , then why does just the thought count ? exactly ! but i thought this thread was to criticize ? that was more of a congratulations . but i guess infps do tend to be pretty nice , even when it doesn't help them in anyway . sorta irritating at ... that's very good advice , and i certainly will try my best , but is there any chance you could explain why asking if they need anything helps ? like the thought process behind that ? probably isn't ... i'm literally laughing out loud right now ... did i just win ? xd wait ... what was the point of this again ? winning right ? this is to prove the overall dominance of one type , correct ? or did i miss ... except the intp that is . ^ u ^ i don't actually know any estjs , but j types in general are just annoying cause they're so inflexible about everything . organization isn't always necessary or wanted . about 5 ' 5 . or about 165 cm . but you can add a good foot and a half to that length / height if i stick my hair straight up . ^ u ^ well i think you just criticized yourself by proving that entps are completely evil and loving having control over people without them knowing it . intps on the other hand will actually just go ... yeah , we tend to only follow rules that make sense . to us , having a messy room isn't a bad thing , so long as it isn't getting in our way , and we can spend the time we would've spend cleaning it on ... yeah , but i tend to joke a lot to try and make people laugh without even thinking about it , and because of my intp nature and me being terrible at reading people emotions , the jokes blow up in my ... ah , hello ! i'm also 15 and also a intp , actually we sound quite similar ! also , a iq of 125 isn't low at all ... anyway , i also love theories and such ideas , though i hate math . ( it either bores or ... hello fellow intp ! i just joined a few days ago too , though i've been studying mbti for the past 6 months or so . and yeah , some people might suggest you're a intj or a entp , but they're not gonna ... ah , i should look into that , though i honestly doubt i'm a entp . had a entp friend , and i could tell the difference . though it'd very well worth pondering . big five test results extroversion 42 % orderliness | 36 % emotional stability | | 54 % accommodation 42 % inquisitiveness 72 % ... you're probably right , and i'm definitely gonna read more on the subject . it is a theory , true , so every part of it should be questioned . right down to the words it uses ... judging ? really ? that's ... i suppose that's true , but for someone who hasn't looked deep into this yet , like the op , they're very similar . also , not everyone agrees with the functions , and i believe that that stacking can ... nipnip uh huh ! it's dumb , illogical , but you can't help but do it anyway . i don't really think it's mbti related , except for the way it battles with my intp laziness and logical-ness . but yeah , ... oh yes , completely different . ( that was sarcasm ) intjs and intps are incredibly similar , if you'd do your research . so much so that a lazy intp author of two books , one on each of them , can copy and ... yeah , i'd say you're a intp , and the fact you aren't sure helps as evidence for it . xd we tend to double check our type a lot and looking into mbti a bunch . here's a helpful page if you'd like to ... estj yup ! thought i was a intj at first , turned out to just be ocpd ... the i thought i might be a entp , but no , i hate people too much . now i'm happily a intp ! and i don't think i really could be ... ... you craftily lie to your judging mom about how much school you've gotten done and when you did it so she doesn't freak out because you actually hastily do it all an hour before it's due ... and you ... intonyp love your username , but on topic : yeah , some of the symptoms are often also just signs of stress , or possibly even just j like tendencies . i know i have it though because i've been super ... or am i the only intp here that has it ? ocpd - obsessive compulsive personality disorder anyway , if anyone else has it , i'd be interested in hearing stories , perhaps how it comes into conflict ... yeah , i think loving / hating school really depends on your experiences and how much dumb homework you're given . i hate school , but only because it's boring , and i already know how to do it , so why ... my sister's a infj , so i'd like to think i've had some experience dealing with them . and with that said i wouldn't go and talk to them for any reason at all unless someone had a gun at your head ... so , uh , my sister is a infj and i'm a intp . we get along pretty well , but right now our family is under a lot of stress and so she's prone to blow up at the slightest thing ... ( me turning out the ... i look at that picture and now i'm wondering how it could be properly used to explain the multiverse theory ... eh , why should a intp even want to take over the world ? the only motivation i can think of is the fact that currently it's fun by bumbling idiots , but i think any intp that took over would quickly be ... i know people have already said it , but i'll say it again cause it might be the most important thing : he will need his own space to be alone . also , it might just be me , but i think in general , intps ... * thinks back to when i was 12 * * winces * okay , ignoring the fact i was going through puberty while we were moving around a lot and i had no friends ... ( thus why i was a utter monster ) i remember ... uh ... nothing ? eh , it can be frustrating at times to not really have all the answers to everything , and to have to muddle through life trying to figure out everything . but then we get distracted and ... i would lie up until the point where it's obvious that they aren't going to believe no matter what i say . at that point , the games over and i'd fess up and cross my fingers hoping they aren't too ... barefoot when i'm inside a building that's not a mall , office , etc . flip flops always , except when i'm in the forest or it's well below freezing , then tennis shoes . i also grew up in a tropical ... well ... that was interesting ... i know i'm not very active , and i don't care too much . i prefer sitting and combing the internet for information like this . hmm ... do you know that scotland's ... i do this all the time ... it's a hard habit to break out of , and often i don't see that i'm doing anything wrong unless someone smacks me over the head with it . i suppose i should learn to hold my ... eh , i tend to like most music , but i like dubstep / electronic , metal , and rock music the best . and i love songs with deep meanings that get you to think ! for example i really like aviators from ... do it ! you might die if the bungee breaks , but it is a amazing thing to do , and probably something you wouldn't get much of a chance to get , so go for it ! if you die , well , you'll be dead and you ... '