' will you stop taking everything you see for granted ? this is likely a flash problem . ( experienced today ) i've experienced this issue as well lately , and i'd be willing to be it's because chrome no longer supports flash and the site keeps trying to ... well , adhd actually has physical roots . the dopaminergic system in the brain has less dopamine in it , and it causes a variety of symptoms . it's actually been shown to be a survival trait in people ... extended warranties aren't really a rip off if you know how to sell them . all you have to do is create value - like this . me : sir / maam , now , i know most of the time you never want to get an ... it really depends on what i am doing . . . if it's something that can appear organized when it actually isn't , bam i am in and people are like . . oh wow that's so impressively organized . . . ( usually ... you are conflating a statue / monument with an assumed meaning behind said statue / monument . i can't say either way what the purpose of said memorial is or isn't because i've never seen it ... the elbow thing ? it's not a reference . just a statement of fact - unless it was the hug thing ? that wasn't a reference either lmao just me being me hahahaha . and if it was the movie thing , i was ... this is your ignorance . germany has memorialized many nazi sites and deathcamps - they don't purge them , they uphold them and require people to learn about the history so it will never come to pass ... libertarianism in extremis would follow that line of thought yes . however , we're not advocating extremism are we now ? truth has been spoken . you know the secret is to always look at the elbow . . . you never miss then . as for the uncomfortable hug , man come on it's damn hug . * bodyslam * edit : ( and wasn't the movie an abomination ? ) aww , no wonder you're always giving me shit . . . i never knew . anyway . i'm with crispy and geo . we'll go out of our way to keep in touch with you if we can . we also will preoccupy ourselves ... how would you enforce it ? by prohibiting free assembly ? criminalizing and imprisoning people who form voter blocks ? without significant authoritarian and / or fascist policies , i don't think ... according to my pal who is a political science major , the number of major parties in any given system of governance dwindles to n + 1 where n is the total number of executive authorities in ... congratulations . reminds me of when i got the job i have now , i passed the interview , and they said that they would setup the second interview with the site director soon . i asked them if the ... i think you need to tone it down , you're getting out of control . honestly he sounds like a dickhead . point-blank i wouldn't say he likes or dislikes you . however , interrupting you before you have a chance to respond to his question is just rude as fuck . then , ... this has to be the most expansive post i've ever read ( skimmed thoroughly ? ) in a while . a great read , you have a gift lol i was discussing history with a co-worker today , and i said something a ... where did i ever say that one had the right to speak freely from all consequence ? never . i do believe that the state should interfere with speech as little as possible . if people want to ostracize ... i was recently introduced to the idea of post-birth abortion as a term for the death penalty . or as a term generally to replace killing . ex : come on , there has to be at least someone somewhere at ... i can't begin to imagine what was going through their heads at the time , but i concur that their philosophies were decidedly libertarian based upon their quotes and writing . they really didn't want ... pilgrim _12 i agree with johnson that the current state of affairs is not conducive to an equitable distribution of property , but nothing in the libertarian philosophy is about the equitable ... one has the right to tell anyone anything , just as you have the right to tell me anything you like . i under no circumstances suggested such a thing . i did specify that one has no right to force ... oh , and it's awesome to see so little critical thinking in the replies in a forum devoted to critical thinking . . . : o i am libertarian leaning , but i think that any philosophical approach on it's own isn't going to meet societal needs . depending on how you want to simplify perspectives : the left generally views ... anyone has the right to believe in anything they want to believe in for any reason insofar as they do not actively attempt to impede upon others . edit : i will clarify that there is a difference ... openly disagreeing with others isn't interference . interference is intervening without consent in a process or event to disrupt or otherwise impede said process . saying i don't think homosexuality ... what fun ! criminal and civil violations - the state should literally never be involved in anything pertaining to civil violations against it's own population . the state exists to enforce criminal ... the left and the right are becoming more and more extreme ( in the united states at least ) . it's also self-propagating . conservative extremism kind of reached a head with the election of donald ... god forbid people do things that are wrong i mean , sheesh , what's the world coming to these days ? why are you using silver bullets when regular on - wooops ! nothing to see here folks ! i think you may be conflating insecurity with certainty with insecurity about their ideas being accepted . they are quite different . edit : also , being willing to evaluate one's personal ... because if i know it with absolute certainty , what's to be insecure about ? there's no question . no . i feel most insecure when i don't know jack shit about [ insert subject ] and i have to pretend like i am semi-competent . how about - them : that's got to be the most brilliant thing i've ever heard . me : i know . ( oh stahp it you : 3 ) why do i have 31 notifications even though i've been gone for like 8 months ? just argue with a couple of enfps and you'll know you aren't an enfp . between kaleidoscope and myself , it's like we're saying the same thing , but in different ways with a different approach , and ... him her w / e . not like the advice changes with a pronoun shift . what are you even worried about repelling an entp female with ? argue with them and discuss sex . best of luck to you . worst jobs - ( anything involving repetition , monotony , empty-headedness , and no social interaction ) assembly lines data entry envelope stuffing rare and precious to not ask such pointless questions . be careful , idiots can still drive steamrollers with you underneath them <3 no . thread necro for funzies and a year later i'm planning on marrying one . great . thanks universe . the world will come to an end when all intps actually come out of their basement hovels and achieve something in the real world . we all know you are an ixtj or extj or enfp in disguise . ;) https://www.reddit.com/r/entp/comments/64i6ju/humor/ 663386 whimsical ( adjective ) 1 : full of , actuated by , or exhibiting whims 2 a : resulting from or characterized by whim or caprice ; especially : lightly fanciful whimsical decorations b : ... communications / writing 101 - you tailor the content for the population . don't like it ? fine , but you are doing yourself a disservice by being intentionally stubborn about something that is ... '