' i prefer large groups but usually talk to one or maybe 2 people or i don't talk at all i def . love to mingle . i love to circle a room . i prefer a more intimate setting . i enjoy one on one . i can ... hey ! i'm a infj and i have always dated estp an istp but , my best friend is intj and she is like a sister to me . we have a lived together for many years and got along just fine . i think as long as ... hey hun ! do you have anymore info than that ? from what i have learn is that you have togo with the one u identifiy with more . not sure if that helps but , i hope it does . welcome ! ! ! : wink : thanks for the tip on the book . i will def . have to check it out . thanks so much ! & thanks to everyone who has replied to my post . it really helps ! thank you , this really helps ! i'm a hey how ya doing type of gal but , after being in a situation like this . i react the same exact way ! thanks for the advice ! he more an introvert than a extrovert just wondering what other istp and estp are doing career wise ! the hubby is trying to figure out what to do with his life ! thanks for that ! it really clears things up . i'm still stuck in between the two . i'll have to start paying more attention . but , it really helps reading a brief description of the two . thanks ... i think you have to ask yourself , what draws you to her ? is it her personality / character ? or , is it the pusuit of winning her heart ? lol ! thats funny ! well , i bet you will appreciate being warm tonight . : laughing : i can agree with you on that ! but , can you really be both ? how do i know what personality i fall into ? i can identify with both . sorry ! just curious . it never hurts to ask questions right ? i think i use them equally but , i guess it depends on the situation . i can't really tell between the two . i get so wrapped up in the moment of conversation and ideas that i rarely pay attention ... so , i am a little confused if i am a infj or a enfj . i am a spilt between a extrovert and a introvert on all of the test that i have done . i can't figure out which one i am more . maybe , hopefully ... most favorite ... art , english , biology , history couldn't stand & still can't ... math , completely dumb ... founded welcome ! ! ! me + drinking = alot of talking , alot of dancing , lynard skynard & lil ' jon's get low played over and over , kerokee when it's not a kerokee bar , a few obsence photos with the girls , crawling my way ... thank you ! : happy : congradulations ! ! ! one of the greatest things is life is becoming a parent and watching your child grow . i congradulate you & wish you the best of luck ! i don't know what's up with some folks on here discriminating against religion . what wrong in the freedom of believing . i don't try to get people that don't believe in god , to believe in god . ... welcome ! ! ! : laughing : life ! ! ! foremost ! i know i wasn't suppose to say that but , i had too ! : laughing : 2nd god ! and , that may tie into the whole life thing but , god has always been there for me . not in the way that some ... i'm married to a estp and i am a infj hello all ! : wink : hope everyone is doing fantastic ! well , i'm a little curious to see what everyone thinks of a infj and more than likely an estp relationship . i'm having some trouble . see , i am ... i'm married to an istp . we are complete opposites but , we do complete each other in a weird way . i am creative while he is very logical . we have learned alot from each other ! i from carolina and i'm 24 : wink : kamikazies ? ? ? i hope i spelt that right ! ! ! ooo and of course texas margarita's : wink : my bliss is seeing and knowing my children are happy ! i could die happy knowing that i made a great impact on their lives and left them with lots of memories . memories count in the end ! colorful ! that word has been used for my personality & my fashion statement . thank you ! it was a bit confusing ! how in the world do you add new friends on here ! i am so lost ! & lonely i don't have a single friend on here ! lol ! : laughing : i can't stand how my husband the istp can't figure out what he want's to do with his life job wise he just graduated from college . he is one of the smartest people that i have ever met and may ... i use the word dislike because , i can't stand the word hate . i think hate and love are 2 very storng words . what i dislike about being a infj . well , for starters i would have to say the fact ... hi ! my name is kimberly and i'm another one of those infj's . although , according to my temperment test i fall between a infj and a enfj . in reality i tend to be more introverted than ... '