' i've read 14 books since mid-may and now it feels weird not having at least one novel to read . i've got my textbook sitting my lap though . rant : i took my older kitty to the vet today because she was coughing and looked like she was having trouble breathing . rant : turned out that she had a pleural effusion and they don't know for ... : laughing : . unfortunately , no . though , a couple days ago it stopped chiming . it's still telling time , just not chiming anymore . i'm not really in any hurry to fix it . ugh . my mom put up a clock today that chimes on the every hour and half-hour , but it's a minute off . i really need to fix that . i found this test on my sister's tumblr and , while i know it has no legitimacy , i thought it'd be fun to see other istjs ' scores . other types are welcome too , of course . psychopath test link ... i rarely get sick and don't avoid people who are sick . the last time i was sick was last summer , but before that it was in january of 2011 . i think i just have a good immune system . yeah . i thought it'd be a funny name for a cat . i'm calling her meg for short though . i managed to snag a photo that shows i actually adopted a cat today and not a gray blur . meet megalodon ! ... rave : woo-hoo ! i'm getting my megalodon tomorrow ! i was in the middle of talking to my mom on an unrelated subject today when i thought of that part in the princess bride where westley challenges prince humperdinck a fight to the pain . it suddenly ... i had the same issue on my mom's computer . i put ie browser into compatibility view for this site and it fixed it . in case you're still having the issue and want to give it a try : how to put ie ... rave : finished my paper that's due in two days ! rant : i found a black widow in my house today . i was unable to kill it ( it crawled back up in it's hole ) , so i trapped it . it has to be gone by the ... yes . especially when you consider that a lot of kids think that their parents are sjs simply due to the nature of their relationship . yeah . i'm honestly not surprised . the negative stuff is always at the top of google searches like that . oh , look at that . all of the sj's are stupid except for istjs which are just boring . woo hoo ! new favorite lame joke : * cat begging for food * me : no ! i'm not sharon ! i'm holgrave ! : laughing : get it ? ! sharon instead of sharin ' ! : laughing : yes . that happens often and depending on the time of day or how stressed i feel , i will just put down relax on to my daily to-do list and that way i feel like i'm doing something . it sounds silly , ... does that mean that they fixed it since i got on this morning ? because it only gave me the error message like 50 % of the time i tried to load a page . if it happens again , then i'll do that . the exact same thing has been happening to me all day ! i thought it was everyone but snowbell just said that he's not getting those issues . : confused : * looks around * has perc finally decided to work again ? so , i grabbed a gallon of milk from my fridge so that i could drink a glass of milk and it ended up being completely frozen solid . the one behind it was normal though . : confused : http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/193wd3kkl9w9mpng/original.png looks like i'm moving to greenland ! rant : as is normal with virginia schools , i don't have class today because we're anticipating snow . rave : i was only able to sleep 3 hours last night , so it couldn't have been better timing ! i've never understood why it was cool . it just seems normal to me . naw . though , she does create more than enough drama to count for two people ... ... you feel abnormally hyper and want to end all of your sentences with an exclamation mark . new class introductions always remind me that i'm a boring person because the most interesting thing i can think of to say about myself is that i have a twin . i feel like i'm saying hello ! i'm so ... i've always wondered about that . i mean , if the power goes out , i guess they'll just put that milk in the snow ? but the thing is this happens 5 or 6 times each winter where i live , and most of the ... i had the same haircut all my life until i changed it 2.5 years ago . 24 out of 36 i spent last night learning the hard way why you shouldn't guzzle down a 24 oz bottle of sparkling apple cider in 20 minutes . in my defense , the cats didn't want any . you sound like an evil villain . : laughing : rave : finished my last exam before 9 am this morning ! rant : now i must wait for the grades to be posted . rave : only have to wait 2 days . my father does that . every clock of his is 6 minutes ahead and he's always at least 30 minutes late . :d ry : my sister has a clock that is always off because it runs fast . i would just get a new ... ... you notice that your clock is 4 seconds slow . just learned that the plumber who's coming today last name is waters . : laughing : rant : i was having a great day until i tried to interact with other people . if i got office supplies as a gift , i'd think it's the gag gift and would look around for the real gift . gift cards are always nice . the best gift i've ever received is a prepaid visa card , which ... it's gotten up to nearly the 60s for the past couple of days , otherwise i would've kept it . i just found a jug of milk in my car that we forgot to take out after my mom went to the grocery store 5 days ago ! : laughing : rant : i've been trying to sign up for classes for the past 8 hours . ( well , technically for the past 16.5 hours , but they weren't open for 8.5 of those hours . ) rave : just signed up . rave : i also ... four handfuls of blue peanut m & m's i was driving home and , i guess it was the shift change , but 5 police cars just drove with me for like a mile . it was one of the most terrifying things in my life . dear cousin ? , you are really immature for your age . the fact that you continued the behavior after being lectured by your grandma is even more astounding . when i was your age i would've been ... haha ! the 418 one ! i was scanning the page and when i got to this part : this was all i could think of : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwjRgVcbGd4 we had / have one , but no one knows where it is and it would often tell us to turn off an overpass or go the wrong way down one way streets . i have a gps system on my phone , but if it loads up it takes ... dear sister , i asked you come with me so that you could read the directions in the car so that i wouldn't get lost on the way to get my scrubs . you were up for 2.75 hours before we left the house ... what about the moods ? i should probably give up on you guys bringing that back . : sad : they just look like regular buildings to me . it'd be cool if they had gargoyles , but alas no . and i believe we're derailing a bit . my sister and my mom say it a lot and i'll just stare at the building and try to figure out what they mean . they always look like a regular building to me . '