' as a personal challenge , i like to pick up characters that are very different in style , looks and personalities each time i cosplay or do a murder partie . but my favorite characters , those i feel ... ... dang , that's true . xd though i'm mostly the funny , obnoxious , flirty , clumsy type of drunk : wink : i agree . i even get really snappy if you try to reach my fi . i disagree with that , mostly . i agree with the lack of patience with people not acting fast enough , not doing what we expect them ... i don't know . is there a way to use this ? i've always felt that as much as possible , i'd ignore it and use my reason . but for the ne , because mine is pretty developped , it's actually pretty easy ... about the subject on competition , i have to say , i'm a sore loser , and an even worse winner . don't play with me . seriously . alright , so i don't always mind loosing if the game was interesting and i ... hum , there's one expression i use all the time , a french one , because i'm french , it goes : c'est en forgeant qu'on devient forgeron which means it's by crafting that you become a blacksmith ... that's because we're control freaks , so having someone invade our private space without our consent and trying to overpower us by initating something intimate , that's just , no ! nope , not at all . i just like to watch them cry xd give in . estjs are always right anyway . why fight against superior power ? of course i'm just kidding xd yes , be honest , don't turn this into a drama and offer them something to drink afterward ... put a leash on sps , lock nts in labs and nfs in our bedroom . leave the rest to the sjs . now the world would be great like that . again , i agree with wickedqueen . i would think that estjs are too righteous , blunt and straightforward to even bother with something like manipulation . it's more a take it or leave it . i ... agreed with wickedqueen . estjs generally accept their mistakes and shortcoming graciously , and are willing to get better if help is offered . now we all know typing kids is not that easy , but i think ... hum , my best friend is xstj . people have always wanted to stick us together , we've always protested . i don't think it's impossible for estj and istj to be friends . we jst need not to try to convince ... 6 months before what ? cause if it's lung cancer , i'd say goodbye and kill myself on the spot , not wanting to bother anyone with the burden of watching me get worse and worse everyday . ( i say lung ... hum , i feel sorry for what happened to wickedqueen . that would have made my blood boil pretty hard , and when you make my blood boil , you really better run away fast . seriously . alright so i'll try to ... i completely agree with that . being overprotective is not necessarily the way to go . my parents were fairly strict when i was a kid , taught us hos to be polite , respectful , well-behaved . as a ... only nts would want to include chemistry in a rlationship ... ok that joke is pretty bad xd seriously though , i fail at relationships because the chemistry is always one-sided . i decided to stop ... welcome to the forum yourself , then ^ ^ . enjoying it so far ? i just came back from a long , tiring week-end , and seeing your message , the only thing that crossed my mind is hum , only a nf would greet someone saying hiya so i checked , turned out i was ... i personally think that giving hugs is much easier ( to friends at least ) than receiving them . sorry , not being american , i've got no idea what swmbo is xd of course i'm not saying that there's no valid point to your argument , but i've got troubles believing in one true love , for me it's more ... talking about money reminds me of two things : dunno about other estjs , but for me , it's much , much easier to lend money than borrow some . i only borrow money from my xstj best friend , and never paper ... i completely ( dare i say heartfulle ... ? naaah xd ) agree with krustray , and i'm touchy-feely too xd seriously , though , it's easy enough to figure out : an entj will only bother with stuff that ... thanks and hello to you too ^ ^ ... is it me or is there a lot of nfs here ... ? anyway xd , thanks for the welcome , and yes , very much so ! actually , none of my friend know about mbit , and i'm always talking about it to them , but as ... xd well , good luck with that . but i'm sure your mate had to learn not to be too abrasive as well xd my te has been pointed out again today . i called a girl to tell her she didn't need to take the changing booth break , i would do it for her , but even though it was to help her and not at all for my ... che , of course an entp would be the first one to do that xd but sadly , no , this time wasted on this stupid but notheless awesome site is carefully planned in my schedule , sorry xd also , i ... even estjs need breaks occasionally . and when you're a good estj , you know how to plan your time perfectly well and arrange for breaks . like , my week is epic , lots and lots of things to do . i managed ... an nt teacher must be fairly rare . i know i've got no tolerance for stupid people either . i've got a lot of patience , but stupidity annoys me pretty fast . one pf the reason i thought i was entj at ... well , we always talk about how we consider work as play , but there's also the other way around : play as work . like how right now i have to do 3 paintings ( just finished the second one ) for the murder ... agreed . though personally , unless pissed drunk , i wouldn't be able to have sex out of boredom or loneliness ( being an sj , i'm rarely ever bored anyway xd lonlely it happens , but then we have a big ... that's one of the thing i really don't like about our current society : on one side you have people that treat sex overly-casually , and on the other , those that make such a big deal out of it . moraly ... really ? how long have you been married ? what type is she ? ^ ^ so , because you seemed to know more about it than me , and i din't like to state facts without knowing well my subject , i made some research . first , i never said that it was a good idea to have sex ... * i would say one , but maybe there's more , at least on some level some might . * my best friend , known him for 9 years , when i was 15 , and have been flatmates 5 years . * he hasn't taken the test ... well , i'd really like to meet some and hear their point of view on this . seems really interesting . i hope for them they are able to hold true to their wedding vows and aren't overcome by curiosity ... respect for the person you are marrying ? i fail to see how learning more about yourself , your own body , and not in a sleep-with-everything-i-find way , but connect-to-the-person-i-love way , because ... actually , if a condom is not of poor quality and doesn't rip , and if you don't do other stuff that i'm not sure i'm allowed to speak here , as you mentioned , there's young people reading that , there's ... i'm not saying it never works out . there's one true fact : no matter how many times and with how many different partner you have sex , you never forget your first . and for women , it's a very strong ... well , i've met girls that wanted to wait until marriage , but never guys , never on websites , never on tv shows . so i can't say much about them . they must exist , but i'm under the impression that it's ... alright so as an atheiste estj i will give my opinion : 1 ) do you believe in sex before marriage ? yes . and stop with the std talk . that's what condoms are for . now , i'm not a good exemple . i had ... xd exactly . yep , estj stereotype , and because i am an estj , as funny as i tried to make this sound , it's sadly so very true xdd and of course entj wouldn't care about clothes and promote thinking by ... thanks you dear esfp ( now that rises my curiosity that applies for all sps : what kind of art do you perform ? ) yours scream entj , but as smart , cool , good-looking , whatever , light is , i certainly hope you're not set on taking over the world by becoming the new god like he is : laughing : ( actually , we ... i'm quite ok with death by burning , actually . especially if it was revenge for having locked every nf i could find in my torture chamber and have my well-deserved fun with them * smirk * don't ... xd such an nf reaction : laughing : don't worry darling , i've dealt with nfs all my life ( mom , sis and bro are nfs ) and i've become quite good at avoiding to make them cry . well , on pupose anyway . i ... : laughing : naaah . there's a difference in temperament depending of culture and countries , of course . hell , even in one country , you make distinction between people from east , west , north and south , ... too late . you belong tu us now , mouahahaha ! ! mostly because i know i'm right and what was said had to be said . there's no room for feelings in factual truth . my sister cried 6 times ... don't be . of course there would be truth in my statment , why else would i say it ? facts are facts are facts . behold the holy truth ! now , just bow your head and say yes , sire ! ... alright , now i'm ... '