' [ qoute ] why have cars been effectively unchanged for 100 years ? sure they are more efficient , reliable , and comfortable [ / quote ] looks like we made progress in only one and a half sentences . woohoo ! by first acquiring the means to destroy it , whatever means i decide is necessary of course . the rest is top secret . but i suppose you may have a hint . doomsday device - futurama wiki , the ... math is fun . end of story . yay ! i wrote a math story ! on to the next book ... i like math ... alot . any math , as long as it's logical and not some stupid invention that someone calls math ... my msds for cutesy says : - handle with caution . - highly radioactive . radiation poisoning is probable . - rinse gut with water for at least 3hrs following exposure . - date : 2045/09 / 00 . for ... i used to think i had short-term memory loss , but that's not really true . it's a matter of what you value . i find it easier to remember names when i actually care about something . i can remember ... yup . dang , did i show up too early for the blue moon ? sheesh , it's late . how many other intps are die-hard night owls ? wow . i was expecting something incredibly stupid ( esp given that guy's face ) and found that amazingly hilarious . xd it's hard to say on that evidence alone . a friend of mine is undoubtedly extroverted , enjoys parties , but gets tired and wants private time to read books for their leisure . i'm introverted , clearly , ... living for god will give you no regrets , but it won't necessarily make you happy all the time ( no one said it was easy ) ( depending on your perspective on what you undergo ) . drugs will only make you ... how dare you . i'd argue that a lot of scientific leaps started with that tiny introspection . : wink :[ / quote ] lol i was referring , of course , to the ideas about my existence being in a dream so ... :/ i'd like to see some humor that didn't involve reposting images , but intps seem to be terrible at coming up with jokes on the fly , and turning something like fly into a pun wouldn't get any ... i like your open-minded skepticism ( sounds like an oxymoron , lol , but it isn't ) . first things first : i did think about this topic of what if i was something inside of something else , but i came to ... morally , it's wrong to commit suicide . it's taking a beautiful god-given life and throwing it away . we may consider committing suicide as an escape from problems and irritation , but there is always a ... unethical according to what standard ? not god's , to say the very least . so you're saying that it would have been better to never have given you existence at all ? well , if you believe so heartily ... lol - now i want to find this magical dumpster . is there a recycling bin to go with it ? i think what you mean to say is , all valid knowledge is logical , no ? if you really did mean the only valid knowledge comes from logic , then where would the evidence come from ? you might have ... no prior industry experience necessary for freelancing . if you start a company and put your effort into it , people will see that you mean serious business and they'll expect you to do what you say ... to quote myself in short : i didn't say you're thought process , per say , was simple . i said you didn't care - you wanted the emotion . and basically , that's what you just said anyways , so thank ... reeeally ? http://www.hdwallpapers.in/walls/amazing_cute_baby_cute_eyes-normal.jpg selfishness , as sweetpickles pointed out , is the lack of consideration for others , but i would say it is more putting one's own needs before others ' needs or at their expense . it is not , not ... i thought about it . my desire for human community kicked in for a moment . but that aside , i really have no pressing reason to meet with anyone here . there goes that utilitarian mind of mine again ... it always seemed like most people thought the creepy , weird , unsocial kid was a starwars fan a computer nerd . ironically , it seems like most intps here won't touch a computer hard-drive without ... actually , this is contrary to programming in general . the most efficient algorithms tend to be the hardest to read . for example , in some languages , it's faster to bit-shift than multiply by multiples ... o_o comon , people . no ti - 98 joke ? yup . i do note , however , that the pay is really good for those who are really good . apple and google have been fighting for quite some time because they keep stealing / enticing away each others ... just throwing this out there : i find that people use words with some general connotation . people say ass all the time because ooo ! it's an emotionally negative word ! ! but ... if you said ... it all depends on what you mean by trolling . the general idea is probably wrong ( assuming we're all on the same page here * looks both ways * ) , but around my friends , trolling could mean a variety of ... not instantly . in more recent years , i've gained more control over whether i want to go back to enjoying it or not . still working on it , though ... somehow algorithmically generated music doesn't sound very much like in touch with fe . music is just patterns manipulated in the right way . there are times when i feel a groove and yet , i can stop ... do i know you ? what manuals ? xd lol i'm not sure what the question is , but my first thought was , don't people usually assume ' goes outside ' would mean leaving the basket behind and ' take the basket outside ' ... i completely understand . i've had online homework in physics , and if i didn't round to the correct significant figures at the right point , my answer would be a few values off . sometimes the system ... ? explain what about the crusades ? more importantly , you have to actually look for an answer from a credible source . i , for instance , shouldn't go complaining that the theory of evolution ... no . to put it in a really simple analogy : if you have to explain to them a = b = c , they will get as far as a = b and then can't seem to comprehend the rest . the primary problem i find , however , is ... what is true apathy ? i suppose if i were to care about the title of this thread , i could have said , to care or not to care , and perhaps it would attract more attention , but why bother ? who needs ... i know exactly how you feel - you want the other person to have someone else to pay attention to when you need to randomly go into your shell . however , i actually do better in 1 - on - 1 situations , ... interesting guide , although in some regards i'd say that's the hard way , and it didn't work for me . the fact was , i never could train myself to do something i had no interest in doing . i didn't ... wait , this is the intp forum ... did you just use the word feel like i think you did ? ! ! 0_0 - - p . s . i think it's great you found someone you enjoy being with . as a piece of passing advice , my # 1 ... depends on the man . every intj male i've met seems as solid as a rock , and most of them are going through rather crumby life situations . also , seeing as you're a girl ( or so your id says < _ < > _ > ) , ... i learned from epistemology that i know nothing ... and it all went down hill from there ... jokes aside , justify still needs to be defined . the beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms . - socrates basically , you might be surprised at just how different everyone's idea of a ... you forgot to define justify . when you do , you'll realize what a subjective definition it is . is that why mice keep coming out of the same hole in my wall ? emotions are a mental mechanism that amplifies innate human ( and many times subconscious ) desires . i don't think i can summarize it any better than that , but let me elaborate . emotions , ... dead bodies ... ? isn't she supposed to be allergic to that ? oh gosh , don't even get me started on all of the possible problems . even if we didn't have teleporters and internet , you know some jerk would still travel hundreds of miles looking for someone to ... that's very true . i , too , find that i very much dislike it when people pretend to be modest . at the same time , it's hard to say how people will take it over forums . this is certainly the most ... i know . i didn't care enough to read the previous posts to see that people had already said it , but i figured it had been said . but since you cared enough to respond , i guess i should care a teeny ... '