i empathize with people who i am deeply close ! i tend to be extremely cold sometimes and a little bit too mean , but if someone needs my help and it doesn't affect me to help ( or if im being rewarded ... i've spent one entire night talking about murders , serial killers , etc ; and he seemed pretty interested on what i was talking about . i would flirt with him if i wasn't so scared of rejection . i've spent one entire night talking about murders , serial killers , etc ; and he seemed pretty interested on what i was talking about . i would flirt with him if i wasn't so scared of rejection . [ quote = tzara ; 12483530 ] what do you mean ? i'm a little bit chubby and he always says this really hurtful comments about it . i try my best to ignore it but sometimes it is too much . i'm an intj and i've been crushed by a entp friend since a very long time , but he doesn't show any interest in me ( i'm pretty sure it is because my body ) and tends so be rude to me . he sees me as a ... one of my friends is an esfp , she's nice to talk and hang out with but i always end up getting bored . all they want is excitement and experiences , and loathe to spend time at home , which bothers me ... i think she may like you . i act like that with my crush . i try to ignore it until i can't do it anymore . i stalk them all i can , so i can learn about them . even tho i can be crazy about the person , i don't try to see / talk to him as much as a normal ... my best friend is an infp and i love her a lot . we get a lot really well since both of us have strong moral values and other many things in common as music taste , etc . sometimes is annoying because ... i think extroverted sensors are nice , but they aren't very interesting or deep , so i tend to get bored when i'm with them . they're good at making small talk but everything they talk about is people , ... i have this friend , who is an enfp , and sometimes he freaks me out . he's very emotional and sometimes it makes me uncomfortable . but he's a really caring and loving person . i can't stand him at ... i cried in public days ago and i'm still embarrassed . i don't tend to cry between 6am and 10pm , i actually don't tend to cry at all and i been crushed by this entp and god it's killing me ... inefficient people , close-minded people enviado desde mi iphone utilizando tapatalk all subjects but top 3 is chemistry physics english ( my mother language is spanish ) type : intj i fear sea animals , snakes , spiders and alligators ; being unloved , failure , having no-money , thefts venezuela : women esfj men estp yees option two , but it depends on the work i like infants and todders . 6 + plus kids , it depends on how the kid behaves . did guys find you attractive when you were in high school , or college ? nope , they find me slightly pretty were you mostly friends with guys ? i don't have many friends in school . i like the people ... 24/7 ! my mom always complain about how selfish i am , all the people who know me say i'm arrogant and my close friends say that i'm narcissistic as hell . i love music , any kind of genre . i'm always listening to it and never get tired ( generally ) i'm 4 ' 11 too and i stopped growing at 14 due to hormonal problems i have a study blog and maybe you can find something there that works for you . i don't tend to do the things in the exact way that the others do but you can use it as a guide ! 8 and with the ... i play tennis , i like to go on reddit and tumblr a lot , i love to organize things , i love movies and tv shows and going to the cinema , i also like to read , i like to experiment with make up , i go to ... 197010 well this is me ok yup im sorry i'm a introvert and i talk like a lot , i always have . my teachers always called my parents to tell them that i talked and discussed with her a lot in class i love sports and im very competitive at them ! i have played many of them , tennis , soccer , kickball , etc ! i love to make soccer strategies and apply them on the field ! i also lead the team , not ... study and organization tips and planning how to be the # 1 of my class and gain an award for it am i the one who's joyful and caring as hell ? i have so many deep emotions but i know how to keep them to myself i tend to be very funny and loud when i'm with somebody i feel comfortable ... well , the touch thing is true ! i don't usually let people hug me unless i really like them ( romantically / friendly ) and when i'm with the boy i like ( entp btw ) i tend to unconsciously get close to ... i guess you got the hints hahaha i love smart people , if a guy isn't smart , he has no chance with me . i love funny people , if someone makes me laugh 24/7 they have me on their hands . hard-working , rational , charismatic . open-minded ... i'm only sure about thomas xx i asked my esfp friend , with who i have been friends since i was three years old , what she thought about me and she told me i try to make others think that i'm more tough than i really am and that ... i'm definitely am , i always try to make people be better in all the possible aspects . and well , let's say i'm kind of an old soul . i don't find it rude or insensitive at all , i actually find ... i didn't know how to properly quote when i did this posts so ignore this please i also don't know how to delete this since i started to use this like 10 hours ago and please can you tell me how to ... part of your world ( the little mermaid's song ) one of my bestfriends is an intp and she's the smartest girl i have ever meet ! i love to hear her talk because she often talks about interesting themes with such a passion and confidence ! am i the only intj who hates being called rude or insensible when i'm just being rational and honest not a frustrating as someone who always exaggerates every problem they have in their lives