' i love art . i currently exploring animation because i always loved how it was made and the results of the hard work . i want to share my art styles and ultimately create beautiful stories through it ... i am sorry i had a mistyping am i actually an infj ... i apolagize . i apologize ... i misunderstood some attributes . i am an infj . :) disregard what i said i am actually an infp . :) wall-e : being lonely but being fascinated with old things and his curious wonder . jane eyre : cold on the outside and a bit broken , sees outside the box , strong values , and art style erio touwa : ... it is relatable ... i dream big , but the cycle you talked about interrupts my vision and ideas . i get literally trapped in my own world and start to drown in my questions . that is my cycle . that is ... i wasn't accurately typed ... ended up being an infp this whole time . disregard what i said before i am an infp .. :) disregard what i said i am an infp ... :) hagu : infp or maybe infj ayumi : esfj ? yuta : isfj or infp noyima : isfp morita : en * p shuji : enfj rika : intj or infj i haven't watched the show in a while , but this is what i remember ... i think confrontation is deemed necessary to grow as a person and i personally don't find the need to be making my points unless you are interested in hearing them lol ... yes the best way i think ... inforjoking oh do you see talent in my handwriting to ? it seems you don't have proper closure with her ... or i am just imagining things . well i just wanted you to know that i acknowledge how hard this situation is ... but what i would do or possibly what ... : blushed :: laughing : that's embarrassing ! but it's a woman's life lol ! it also has to do with religious reasons though . well from an infjs perspective and from what i have heard ... infjs don't seem too emotionally needy actually i have some trouble with relationships sometimes because i want to have alone time and ... parks to packs inforjoking oh my goodness ! this is some type of amazing ability you have their ! you got a very realistic picture of me just by my writing ! ? plus you did it so fast ! teach me your ways : shocked : i ... fueledbyevil well when you put like that then i might create a thread lol ... you entps and your nicknames ... i do like moonshine better since i am a night owl . :) interesting entp paired esfj ... wow this looks cool ... ok here are just my school notes and the journal one is what i like to call my notes on life ... 653754 6537 62 653770 6537 78 how can you find yourself in a relationship ? i am pretty sure you have to ask some questions ... regardless prank or not . hmmm ... your right about at least one thing i should stop asking about something on here , but i was just curious and i slightly regret it for a while lol . and the guy i was asking about is most ... i see ... well ' sunshine ' i wasn't trying to stroke you entps ego ... i was just trying to answer and help out another person lol . plus it confused me reading the definition of the word you chose to ... i am not pandering you at all ... but now i am concern to what you are trying to say ... the word you used pandering has different meanings ... i don't quiet understand what you are trying to do ... oh wow ok i will try to answer ... i also am a bit skepticle of the mbti theory between infjs and entps honestly , but the entps i have dealt with before ( which is very little so idk ) we always had a ... haha yeah ... no the entp isn't giving me a hard time ... :) agreed well as a person of course you are harmless ... but in general i thought it was a cool coincidence to have the ideal mbti type meet each other ... there is only one entp and one infj in the group of ... yep i lack confidence lol ... but thank you : happy : this made me feel so much better ! you are completely right there is more to people ... i forget that sometimes . people are people . i know it can be a little confusing between infj and infp because we may appear similar at first sight , but the difference is there . infjs have ni as their first function which means we dominantly ... not necessarily ... i am intrigued by how in a world of people following the same old patterns i can kind of see past , the entp never seems to follow what i predicted he would do ... i hope that made ... well i guess we both feel the same way about each other if that is how he feels ... i'm not crazy about him either right now , but maybe things can change or not lol ... just curious . i like entps , but ... doesn't seem caring to me ... the entp i know is always picking on people , teasing them , and making them feel uncomfortable lol . right now i feel like we are just friends personally , its a bit ... i am sorry , but i don't really understand what you are asking ... the entp and me kind of have a shallow friendship with a few sparks ... i think it does have to do with the entp , but i am just over ... oh wow ... i mean the entp doesn't talk to me that much , but surprisingly throws me a curve ball and asks me how i am doing and because i am a nervous mess or usually tired or in pain i respond ... what does it mean when you ( entp ) have come to the point of still trying to talk to someone even though they only respond in facial expressions and short lived responses ... btw i am the one ... well i also have different interpretations of how i look ... most of the time people say i look like a doll or fragile being . i also don't express my self very well facially lol . one thing i know for ... yeah seems like a lot of fun ! : blushed : another infj jumping into this band wagon ... i was really shocked as well when knowing that i had a some what ' cold ' and uninviting look and vibe . recently my mother pointed this out to me . she was ... i wish each person would have an actual elemental power according to their mbti . :( this is a little boring . i am the only infj that struggles with social situations ? sometimes i say really weird things cause i feel out of it . :( i also am very blunt ... another question i have is which one are you most ... lol ... it seems like you did meet only negative infjs . i don't know if i am healthy infj , but if someone doesn't agree with me i don't angry with them . i actually try to understand why they don't ... i met a male enxp . i think he was more of a feeler ... we instantly connected even though i was going through a bad time . he kind of saw past my cold behavior , that would usually push people away , and ... wow i am so glad i found this thread ! here is a picture of my recent painting ... 620209 i started posting some of my artwork on my instagram raysacassa after i got up the courage to pursue this ... i see ... that you for responding ... i understand your perspective now . idk if its only me , but i try to be respectful and polite towards the person until they start to talk to me more ... now that i ... i see ... you also said that you liked infjs anyways ... so then whats your move ? i'm sorry i am just trying to understand this outlook . thank you . haha i find this a little funny ... our politeness gets in the way ? how do you propose infjs to interact with others then ? ( specifically to entps and such ) another question , if you don't mind is ... i am guilty of this as well . i see it kind of rude on my part , but mostly positive . the reason why i do it is because of protection . i can sense something annoying or unsafe ( for me ) through my ni ... 6156661567 4 okay i just want to clarify a few things before people get too confused ... you are not the shadow ... it is a demon . everyone has an intense weakness that can cause to much trouble for us ... so i am ... i only seem to have a short attention span when i don't want to listen or if i am uncomfortable ... hehe ... anyways i have a pretty good attention span if the subject if interesting , but if i am not ... '