' disclaimer - i didn't watch the video . it was boring and long . lets talk about stereotypes ! i'm not sure if these are weird things with me or if other people experience it ; but i definitely ... ayyy same ! i have a pretty bad mouth xd that probably contributes a bit to my intimidation factor hey guys ! i've recently found myself in a weird situation ( well , weird to me ) . i'm an infp and i just got promoted to a management position at my job . i have no experience in management and have ... it depends . stereotypically , definitely not . i do think we have the potential to be . case in point - i almost got a double loss * in a debate tournament . the judge thought i was so unyielding it ... i've been really good friends with an estp for about 11 years now . we've had a few rough patches but overall he's fun and we both enjoy each other's company . as with any friendship we've had rough ... i think a lot about death . mostly it's inevitability . it's pretty terrifying . just think about every life that has ever existed since the dawn of time . so many of those things are dead now . ... i'm a pretty good liar . i don't do it too often though because i don't like to . yeah ... and like i have to use different coffee mugs every time so that none of them get jealous of another . obviously i know none of this is real in my head , but pretending i'm making my coffee ... yeah people tell me a lot of stuff . people i just met . most recently it happened with a co-worker that i just met . we were talking for a little bit , i maybe knew her for three hours . we went on ... i've always been told that guys think i'm out of their league . that doesn't explain why weird people flirt with me though . i like to think of myself as physically attractive , but i'm beginning to ... rejection and dying alone with regrets . natural dark blonde , just dyed my hair sliver . i don't know . i like to think i am . i'm not yet in college ( i graduate high school this spring ) , i make straight a's except for a c in math . i scored a 27 on the act the first time i took it ( no ... ok , that's what someone else said too . honestly i think not talking about it has put more stress on the whole thing than just confronting him . i'm not good at confrontation though , so i'll have to ... i lapse in and out of it . if i think about it too much i get really stressed about the futility of life , and the inevitability of death ... then i cry about it and stare at a wall for a few hours ... i get irritated a lot ( which translates into being condescending and sarcastic to the instigator of my annoyance ) . i haven't been angry very many times . most of the time i'm very ... it's a shame those images didn't work . i mean i guess you can just click the link , but i was hoping they would translate ... oh well usually parisian minimalism for formal occasions . this is from hermes fw 2012 . so it's kind of old , and way out of my price range , but the vibes are the same . ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow_qI_F2ZJI well y'know , if i'm gonna be taken out , i might as well choose my funeral song . i saw a picture of an american cat on a shirt at target , and i thought it was really cool . i couldn't find clip art of it though , so i made this picture on ms paint . it's not that great , but i like ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDWgsQhbaqU ok , as much as i hate to be the one to tell you this - you need help . real help . not internet forum help . i'm begging you to seek out therapy of some kind . you need it to get over your childhood ... i'm true neutral he climbed up onto a pedestal next to the stage , but when he got up there he didn't have any traction , so when he tried to jump 15 feet back onto the stage , he slipped and landed just short of it , ... i'm so bad at typing people , but i do have some factors that might help people who know more about the mbti figure it out . - he has described himself on multiple occasions as a brooding poet ... ok . so one of my best guy friends is an estp . i know you guys can be kind of big flirts at times . me and this guy have been friends for awhile ( almost 10 years ) . we grew up together , he's like my ... weird dreams . generally happy . one nightmare i really remember though . i had it this past summer . i think it involved me dying . i'm not sure . basically i felt something in my left eye so i turn ... i'm pretty logical at times . my emotions generally rule my decisions , but i've participated in competitive speech and policy debate fore three years and done pretty ok . actually won a couple first ... 248 . yeah i flirt , but never with people i actually like . when i enjoy someone's company as a friend i like to joke around a tease them a little bit because i feel comfortable around them . and it's fun . ... i constantly thank god for esteban . by panic ! at the disco how : witty banter / teasing why : because they're at least somewhat attractive . when : no preference ( as long as appropriate ; i wouldn't flirt at a funeral ) where : wherever i happen to be ( again , if ... andy black they don't need to understand it makes me feel excited for the future . it reminds me that i can be whoever i want and do whatever i want without having to worry about what anybody ... philosophical i guess . i like to think of myself as kind of a brooding poet .. so it could equally be artistic . 1 ) what is your current profession / career / job ? retail hourly associate at ... i struggle a lot with finding myself . i'm not really sure who i am or who i want to be . i sometimes get really stressed out and depressed about this and get all apathetic . then i think about ... erm , i'm a girl so this might not help but i just try to talk to them . like ask whoever it is for help with stupid stuff , and laugh at all their jokes . also , as creepy as it sounds , i stare at ... '