' yes istjs in power due to their quiet , commanding presence ... and really any sj in the workplace , because i worry i can't deliver what they want and i'm gonna get in troooubbleee . among peers , ... yep , i've been asked this constantly through my life . because ... the way they look at you when they desire you ... * eye flutter * i dislike that fe doesn't seem to care about or recognize people's feelings in the absence of immediate stimulus - actually this is something i'd like to understand better . i dislike when fe ... as a teenager i became overtly flirtatious and sexual when i was drunk , with almost anyone , for awhile . i recall at points getting pissed off when drunk , like i couldn't help it , but i think that's ... i see the importance of staying involved with my community ... but i don't relate to the so description and it is ridiculously easy for me to forget about caring for or nurturing the instinct . on the ... traveling is stressful for me because i worry about not having proper access to healthcare ; if i didn't need medication i would enjoy it a lot more . however , i love the exploration aspect of travel ... esfj 2w3 + isfp 5w4 = infp 4w5 mother side : entj 8w7 + esfp 3w4 = esfj 2w3 father side : i don't know i'm an infp and my best friend is an enfp . n_n as a 4 , the feeling of being genuinely different is a consistent narrative in my head and i usually don't feel a need to show that i am different - in fact i try to hide it a lot of the time . i think ... sometimes i'm withdrawing because of attachment triggers , in which case it helps to know i am accepted and wanted . if i'm withdrawing because i'm depressed i just need some space , time and ... this is late but i am 485 tritype and also sx / sp . the first test i got fearful avoidant with the general population , fearful avoidant with my dad , dismissive avoidant with my mom , secure with friends and secure ( but nearly preoccupied ) with my ... hm ... my grandpa and uncle are both ns ( entj 8 and entp 7 ) and everyone else seems to be s except for lil ol ' me . i've never had another infp or type 4 family member . growing up i just felt very ... sadly neither . ) ' - : 1 ) which functions do you enjoy having in common with a partner ? if you prefer something else ( eg : sharing a keirsey temperament ) , what do you like ? my first thought as an sx / sp re : ' something ... this is so cool . god , it's so nice not to have to check to make sure there's not fleas on my legs . is it my responsibility to stop unhealthy patterns with my family ? i ate way too much chocolate ... i'm not even ... one reason would be that when we become attached to people , all our suppressed relational issues surface . everyone experiences this , but insecure attachment causes problematic schemas to play out in ... rocko's modern life everyone is annoyed by their own brand of nonsense . not everyone is so self aware though . we can't accept in others what we won't accept in ourselves , and vice versa . also , ... like only they ... i think these are great points . and it totally makes sense that 4 ' s are perceived as just wanting to be unique , because that's what is coming out on the surface - i do agree that it's at least a ... nfj and stp , my shadow types , are most intriguing to me . i'm just like whaaat . my ex-co-worker was an istp and i just tried to drill her brain for every little opinion of anything . i'm really ... i'm so glad you said this because i feel this with entps , too . it is so strange . it's like there is a blockage on both ends that makes it difficult to communicate what we want from the ... istp - quiet expression of disapproval for dummies estp - boundaries for dummies intj - ceasing talking when other people have stopped listening for dummies entp - the many ways in which the ... sometimes when interacting with other infps i feel like they are passive aggressively judgmental about stuff and i'm like just shut up . like oh , you like horror movies ? * ahem * well i hate horror ... 6w7 for the guy and 9w ? for the girl ? i dunno ? temper tantrums , staying up too late and not paying attention . i think rigidity of thought in general guards against unsafe feelings - using personality theory to box outside the bounds of theory itself might be a way of dealing with the anxiety produced by ... in my life the people i've felt most myself around have been xnfp , xnfj , intj and isxj . i've felt most stressed out around esfj , xsfp and also isxj . fe has a pretty dramatic effect on me in both ... haha . i do have an sp-dom friend who i would play mmorpgs with and i thought they over-focused on money / accumulating resources , like the game just became work instead of pleasure . since video ... 4w5 ( 485 ) . i can behave aggressively when i feel upset during an interpersonal conflict , but i would not consider my general behavior to be aggressive . it is my understanding that i come across to ... if that's how you feel then it must be true . i've always typed myself as infp . i think i remember wondering for a short bit if i was an intp when i very first learned about myers briggs because i was lacking understanding / knowledge of the ... look at meee if i criticized your generalizing statement i would be criticizing my own personality type and that would hurt my feelings too much :'( aesthetic and emotional attraction can be separate for me . i am more physically attracted to someone as my emotional attraction for them grows , so there is definitely a correlation . but i can have ... infp i like 3 . reminds me of story . i'd like to be there . 1 is a favorite , too . aesthetically pleasing . 2 bores me . not sure why . i can totally see the appeal and all . 5 is ... interesting ! i am a heart type who is sx-dom and empathizes very well with the gut center . 1 ) gut 2 ) reactive 3 ) frustration 4 ) id infp 2/10 nice . i like these and that you went with something different for infj ( i was totally expecting mind reading ) . i would be a little scared of having my own power , though . o_o every estp i've asked ... they are equally likely to be superficial . superficiality depends upon upbringing , subjective experience , insecurity , age and maturity ( especially ? ) , and other areas that do not affect an n or s user ... in my lifetime i have probably been most bothered ( on a value level ) by people using te / si - in these ' offending ' cases , i have felt emotional consideration to be vitally important in decision ... is is possible you enjoy being driven up the wall ? i don't think it means that . i mean to say that it's probable the data is skewed . ocd is an illness that disrupts normal cognition and it is kind of offensive to view its effects as character ... i lol'd i've never violated a traffic safety law . esfp “ thus , from the war of nature , from famine and death , the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving , namely , the production of the higher animals , directly follows . there is ... '