' i suspect that i'm lava ! honestly , quite often . a daily basis even . it's been a recurring thought in my life for quite some time . art levels this out for a little bit , but it always seems to come back . to make it , i read , ... art . period . hate . meditation . freespirit 777 - - i agree . whole-heartedly . ( with all due respect :) those who argue that this perspective needs more pragmatism just aren't seeing the point . pragmatism asserts that we should put ... unfortunately , not particularly . i've read alot of books and haven't exactly kept track of them , because i've only really been fascinated with sections of them as opposed to the whole of the ... i was a hipster agnostic as a child , prior to any external reading or questioning brought on by studies or teenage angst . however , with studying undergraduate philosophy , i've started to have ... reality bores you to absolute death because it absolutely pales in comparison to what you've previously created on paper , in your head , on a canvas , in spoken word , or on a stage . i took the indicator for a class my freshman year of college . since then , i've retaken online mbti tests several times . infp every time - - though , i've gotten intp once or twice . we're not in a time that is favorable to the infp , so as a means to adapt ( in general ) , or as a coping mechanism ( in times of conflict ) , we simply deny our unique personhood in efforts to give us ... honestly , and i apologize if this comes off harshly , but ( in my opinion ): higher education isn't really practical at all . wasn't established that way and no matter how hard we try to make it that ... infp , professional theatre director or human rights attorney . you're either a theist or a deist . depending on whether you reject revelation . 1 . infp . 2 . buddhist , spiritualist . 3 . baptist christian far to sleepy to function . here's a link to the intj forum . for future reference , just click the personality cafe logo in the top left hand corner of your screen and scroll down - - there's an entire list of all the different ... when any given movie , tv show , etc . painfully pales in comparison to the beauties that you can easily conjure up in your imagination . when you feel and care for people - - strangers , even those who've wronged you . plank . pizza . please . grace . are you , essentially , saying that you're starting to question your every move ? and that this questioning is leading you to believe that every move you make is just wrong ? and this notion is making it ... hey there . i am also enrolled in college with writing-intensive studies in both english and philosophy . writing papers is such a strange game . i'm pretty sure everyone has this problem at some point ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLwccfUjdUk some more freedom , honestly . ( also , your signature is amazing , a1b2c3d4 ) rehearsal , writing , day-dreaming . i stayed up really late to write a philosophy research paper last night . it's done , it's pretty darn good , and i'm preparing to get some sleeep ~ . life's great . : happy : and so we return to the point i wished to make at the beginning of this post : even where the universe appears to be obeying rational laws , we find that these laws are little more than ... dampy . the hippies were right . hilariously enough , engrossed in anything other than reality . : tongue : meditating in nature , acting / singing on stage , listening to music , or reading / writing creatively . 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) i'd rather open ended questions , but i don't discriminate . 2 . do you like animals ? indubitably . 3 . how do you feel ... i freakin ' love sleeping . it's a bitch to actually fall asleep some of the time though , because i barely have any time during the day to just let my mind wander . so , when i finally do manage to get ... thanks for your thoughts . i did a cursory look into this and maybe he's a little bit of both ? my only issue with him being a t is that he's a tad melancholic and not exactly honest or straight ... existentialism . hair . nap . read . honest . i'm a feeler . i have not cried for myself since my grandfather died as a kid . since then , i've cried once , and that was after listening to stay with me by sam smith while under the influence ... i am currently studying acting , english , and philosophy . my outlandish preferences lie in becoming an author , playwright , actor / director , or a travelling professor of the humanities . my grounded ... waaay too much . creation is my life , but music takes precedent . theatre and literature are next . though i appreciate it all . infp . high - - schizoid . moderate - - paranoid , schizotypal , antisocial . low - - borderline , histrionic , narcissistic , avoidant , dependent , obsessive-compulsive . what or who is this ne you speak of ? i'm interested , haha . some delicious salmon . you start to get all too philosophical or theoretical for the people in the group and find yourself no longer speaking , but lecturing everyone in the room with something you thought was so ... i've always wondered what it was exactly that made one healthy in terms of mbti . is it just the fact that they're acting in a way that's functional or is there some other underlying factor that ... gotta agree with the above : truth . pretense and layers are just bullshit and it bores the hell out of us ( or me , atleast ) . just be honest . not brutish - - honest . don't attempt to steer the mood of ... whenever people keep asking you what's wrong ? in a social outing , but really - - no , really - - you're fine . you're just preoccupied with a hopeful daydream . : tongue : i'm starting to think that my existence is a fuck up in the time-space continuum : i should've been born in the 60s . present exchanges . '