' dude i really need help , but i don't know where to go . it just like my heart is broken really bad , but i keep it inside , now it become a poison . i hurt feeling everybody near me , with my word and ... i hope it not kinda sissy or anything . but hell , i hate when i get a crush . i mean , it just a repeating cycle of heart wrenching situation . being inside this situation , just make my belly goes around ... err , i dream a girl that i only met one or two times , confess her love . my feeling is really mixed about it . i dont think she is my type , but . it's only dream but . i dont know why i tell this . it was ... rabbit bunny and rainbow < is a sweet thing so a week to give up ... i decide a week to give up , i know i should give up more early , maybe i should give up before i even start . i know this is not important to you , but for me there is a hope , in ... i think i know what you feel , it hard when things just blow up in our face , even when we try soo hard to be good . it just soo frustating . i want to change , but i dont know what hold me back . i just wonder , why ? this is strange , really strange . i should move on now , but not . it is like i always sabotage myself . i frustrated . dear x i know i screw it again , but what can i do ? i love her . i tell her so that i can give up . yet , why you brought up her illness problem . i do not understand what you did , or why ? not a single ... jhon could be the shadow figure of archetype in jungian psychology . i take it from wiki ... the shadow may appear in dreams and visions in various forms , and typically ' appears as a person of ... well enter this girl , i love her , but then ... maybe he has a boy . pretty classic huh ? she never say it , is he tempting me ? throw me in confusion ? devil she is , but pretty . but she must know , i ... fell like total loser ... maybe , just maybe , one of the reason is because we need to talk in the forum , isn't it ? i use to f / t balance , but now shift to f . hohoho , hi everybody ? nobody answer ? okey ... i don't really agree on animal cruelty . i never agree to vegetarianism but can never agree modern farming like this . there sadness and pain when we kill animal to our food , sign of live and death , ... puppet master infp , hehehe ... it easy to made concord or discord . no need to speak , just use your eye and being . and everything turn to something . cant really control thou . wooops , 9 right , but mybe i not in the fit condition ... awww sword . want it badly . but maybe not when my mind state as i am now . but becareful , ok . awesome brooo that would be interesting , .. if you know what i mean . i usually cry in my bed every night . if i am overwhelmed i try not to be near bed before i really sleepy . after cry i feel peace and comfort , and gain new hope for tommorow . when i broke my heart ... i'm awkward and not care , but bad type awkward i guess . bad infp ... story of my life tortoise just okey , istp attract me , dont know why , do not care ... chaosmancer oh yeah , i love and caring and sweat . honest and sincere . but yeah ... i just enough . when i broke my heart this times , i sweat no tears . it so hurt is hard to cry ... and i scream : i'm a infp , ... i'm bitter , but don't have manipulation skill . the reason simple , if i had manipulation skill i will not be bitter but will be sweet . what an irony . really ? maybe you will just turn your mind if we met , irl . i was so bitter these days , not a pleasant man . i become soo depressed so i turn to seal . - - - few night before , somebody i like ditch me . i guess it make me near the line of forever lonely . but f this , / .. i became seal ... so what hell . jobless , living with the parent , have near zero ... few night before , somebody i like ditch me . i guess it make me near the line of forever lonely . but f this , / .. i became seal ... so what hell . jobless , living with the parent , have near zero ... why sudden i want to become a seal , why ? argh , why i so wierd ... for me it is quite dark tonight . i don't know , i usually always try to be positive , but tonight it is not . thinking that want to burn the world till it become ash , because whole world is my enemy , ... almost valentine , i hate valentine ... realities is grey , that why we can give it a color . that why for me , human can seek the color in the world and then paint it with it . that why there are fiction . the fiction gives color to the world , ... encyclopedia dramatic what you expect , but yup , good troll as good troll is ... nooo , dont make me choose . - tea is like a bright day , coffee is like beautiful night , how can i choose . i obsessed many thing , but mostly shows and stories . lately i am obsessed brony , obsessed with ' iron sky film . mostly because i obsessed with good story and pop-culture . sometimes being not obsessed ... thak you very-very much . yes i do , but sometimes night is dark isn't it ? i always made connection between real and fiction world . made me say something weird sometimes aleph is awesome . dont know why but it trigger something inside .. thank , just so overwhelmed with feelings . i just cant express it in rational way ... thank , just so overwhelmed ... translate ( i'm hungry , bored and you look so stupid , can i just go home now . really this whole situation is made me on dilemma . i'm start to be frustrated . i need to be alone . it not your ... if you haven't , have you ever been tempted to ? sadly i have . if you have ... did it seem cruel and manipulative to you ? not all , some techniques and method are seem cruel . but not all , few was very ... rain has casted , thru the february . throw the stone at empty sky . lately cupid is playing with cloud . the cloud become a river . pouring down to me in the highway . its ok , i can pretend to cry . not ... awkward , then tea , but from there all cast magic spell together ( and something like that ) . after that everybody got tired and go home . people intimidated by me . i was quite , hard to understand and say very weird stuff . i sometimes can see thing beyond curtain , maybe people afraid i see thru them . i see people guard their self . infp ... the star is so far isn't it ? i got this sign on an isfp girl , she soo nice , but still it not gonna work because of stuff . it just broke my heart . i don't know if i will ever recover this time . last time i broke hard . made me ... '