' i , personally , value her expression because i know it's rare for her to open up to someone and have learned how to value her expression . we can all talk about functions like we're children , but in ... esfj's exist outside of health status . they're just perpetually annoying . that goes for infj's too ... healthy or unhealthy : sexy ! oh wait ! that post was actually pretty trolly . i do these sorts of things often ... hmmm ... i must be unhealthy because i'm not being nice again ! ! ! damn it all to hell i'll never be healthy , ... you should start your own sub forum ... mbti common sense edition ... definitely all caps too ... that'll look nice . this forum needs an objective sub forum like that . i think it all comes down to the tert . and inferior functions . i am a perfect example of an unhealthy entp , actually ! i go from project to project , i take way too many financial risks and the only ... that's pretty cool .. i see like really cool atmospheric / abstract segues between lives and then clearing up to reveal the next introduction of a character , setting or something . get a group of people together and just brainstorm thousands of ideas and copyright / patent them all and then make people pay you if they want to actually put any of them into action ... is this a ... infj ... any other type could work , but will not have the level of depth the infj and entp has . dominant sensing type will be annoyed , bored , drained ... entp will feel misunderstood and babied ... thank you for sharing , i can relate to a lot of what you said . that's good to hear :) i'm 22 . i just have so much going on ... i get myself into interesting situations . an idea will lead me down a road of responsibility and fatigue and once the novelty wears ... touche . what's the point ? listen , being a entp doesn't mean you are an extravert . we are so unpredictable . i have been more introverted than any intp on this forum and more extraverted than any esfj in the real work . why ? i ... i have never been depressed in the sense of having a disorder . i have been in depressive states about 40 % of each year since i was 15 . please state whether you have or haven't been . i'm drunk ... i regret my name decision ... i was a lurker for years ... well , it's funny . now my plan is hiring employees because im already moving on : i holy shit , just watched that for like the 10th time a couple days ago . so funny . you can do it man ! ! get a couple istj's doin the 01001010001 01010010 ' s ! i had learned a lot and met a lot of good connections the last couple years i think that sounds like an opportunity to learn . infj - paranormal investigation ( entp can be the guy who hosts the show ) isfj - reading romance novels and obsessively checking facebook as appear offline . intj - making a video game intp - ... will do . thank you sir not as much buttsex and cringe-worthy drama :p thank you . my op looks insane after i read it again haha . i hope it shows people like me that it's not so hard to follow through on an idea and when it all starts coming together , it's incredibly ... a mortuary transport service . picking up deceased for funeral homes and the medical examiner . get to help people while making good profit with little overhead . it goes in line with my future plan of ... what was wrong with 1300 miles north ? what inspires you ? cut all the bullshit out of your life and surround yourself with people and things that inspire you . stop worrying about being socially correct , our stream of consciousness is what ... a planet of only entps and infjs would be pretty fucking great i wanna brag a little and inspire you guys . i just got fired from my job a few weeks ago and the last two weeks all i have done is get my shit together to start my very first business . i already have ... i see it this way ... a person who types as entp , intj , intp ( smartypants ) is going to have inferior f or s . this implies that they will either be scatterbrained , awkward or ice cold . these are ... this post is so old , but you're still active anyway ... just wanted to say that i appreciate your objectivity and humility . people that test as several different types suffer from the i'm different ! ! ! personality disorder , in my honest opinion . i think the # 1 thing people misunderstand about us is that we are method actors . personally , i experiment a lot unconciously without being fake . it's like all these different personas are a part of ... just because you think you'll take over the world someday doesn't make your moms basement living situation any better than the intps . maleficent - infj ... do you all think she was infj in disney's sleeping beauty ? crow guy - isfj aurora - esfp stephan - estj ? estp ? hard to type , especially since he's basically just freakin ' ... not trying to derail the thread or anything , but what if the ti types you know do understand your feelings and are purposefully unapologetic about some of your situations ? and logic doesn't exist to ... '