' that's pretty badass . sounds just like the type of dreams i have most of the time , except with a lot more sex thrown in ... still , i have the same sort of thing happen where i try one thing , ... gaiamog aela soldiatris meris astralune lucky ... it seems the women i attract are typically infps ... which makes me want to punch myself in the dick . accurate . i do this too . i can sort of sense when a situation is getting tense , or reaching a boiling point , and i start to get really amped up ... probably one of the only times you'll see me grinning is ... thanks for sharing ! the part about bullying made me angry , but then i laughed when when you're like i hate sports , not because i hate sports , but because everyone is moving everywhere you have a ... for my take on the joys of anger , see my thread : http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/504202-i-love-anger.html i would also add that having a vasectomy is amazing and i recommend it , constantly , to complete strangers . as a fellow istp , i'm pretty damn impressed by this . thinking back , i would have liked to have lost my virginity to an istp girl ... * spends way more time thinking about this topic than he ... your creeper intro pleases me . http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/gif/2015/02/09/b907c3172ecfb9414129b244800e9954df58abe2.gif take that , cafebot ! check this book out . i found a pdf version , so you can read it for free if you have a tablet or smartphone : ... as an istp and having been married 3 times , i would discourage my fellow istps from getting married . i know we're not all the same , and that mbti is just a framework ect , but i have a sort of ... i understand that art is a part of being human , since our earliest ancestors drew on cave walls and made little carvings and such , so i guess i appreciate that people still do it ? it doesn't serve me ... keep talking to me like that and i might show up on your doorstep like a lost puppy . i have absolutely no use for keeping an animal as a pet . i admit , the usa and canada have vast untouched areas , but i do envy europe for it's thousands of years of culture and history . being an american is strange . almost like our only culture is ... hey there ! how have you been ? yeah , umpqua is the best ! the tiers of pools make for a great view , especially when you're on the upper levels . again , it's a clothing-optional hot spring , so as long as you're ok with naked ... best . post . ever . tosca honestly , i have an enormous amount of respect for you , and how much effort you have put into making your marriage work . my my own personal istp viewpoint , i cannot understand your ... well , for me , what works best is if my girl approaches me with what she considers to be a problem , and puts the ball in my court in terms of how to solve it . just venting frustrations without ... sweet . i used to hang out a lot at the cougar ( terwilliger ) hot springs in central oregon . it was clothing optional back then , and i consider myself a naturist , so yeah . i haven't been back in ... nice pics ! the one at the lake looks like a lot of fun :) i don't usually have dreams , but when i do , they're about violent sexual conquest . pretty much a conan novel playing out in my mind . my psychiatrist can suck it . i love every minute . don't sweat the texts or calls , probably won't ever be a common thing , even if you guys develop a serious relationship . the head on your shoulder thing was my confirmation here . we istps are very ... yes . i touch all the things . i would call it fidgeting per say ... it's more of a validation of how i perceive the object's permanence . that thing looks pretty solid .. * touch , poke , ... i dunno ... i don't seem to have an ideal time where i'm at my best . i've worked graveyards and it didn't feel any different than working days . now that being said , give me like 2-3 red bulls and ... plans : basically the worst thing ever .. if someone asks me to plan something , i usually agree , then do absolutely nothing and let things work themselves out . ain't got time for that . we ... dude you've been selected like 4 times ? you know you're totally invited . what's a group call ? like skype or something ? i'm pretty resilient when it comes to being surprised or shocked , but i do recall one instance that gave me pause : it was a town hall meeting between the local iraqi shiek ( basically a respected ... haha i don't think it would play out quite like that ... more like : wow that girl is sexy , and those guys are hot . plus they are obviously really smart and talented ... why can't i be more like ... vacious and cinnamon 83 we'll have to hang out sometime and laugh at how much more awesome we are than everyone else around us . dat istp envy . they has it . you're looking beautiful , as usual , gp :) how's it going guys ? just got accepted for a new job , and i'm moving from arizona , to minnesota ! talk about extremes ... i'm pretty damn excited . i've been a gypsy soul my whole life , ... why is this a problem ? is the person banned for being an asshole or something ? how about jb nobody and the rays of sunshine , mercenary company llc i have a pretty good feeling that nearly all of us will fall into the neutral alignment . this pleases me . i have a sort of swarthy complexion , so i look a bit more ethnic than the rest of my nordic family . my skin is very oily , but i don't have problems with acne . i guess it's just my natural state ... offense ! aggressive attack . i'm not worried about your next move , because i'm already making moves to destroy whatever it was you may have had planned . can't stop won't stop . civilization . wolf :: chihuahua hunter gatherer :: modern human i hate being domesticated . chaotic neutral half-orc ranger ( 5th level ) ability scores : strength - 18 dexterity - 14 constitution - 17 intelligence - 15 wisdom - 12 charisma - 13 which rules ? bah . i'm not that worried about it . here's a link to the best d & d character quiz i've ever found ! what d & d character am i ? i expect a response from everyone ... * stern ... http://www.undp.org.fj/gifs/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/1423508223_fangirl.gif a rugged and road-worn bounty hunter . he's good at what he does , and what he does isn't very nice . it pays well , and he utilizes all sorts of traps , tracking , fighting , and hunting skills to capture ... * magic missile * silence ! lest ye incur the wrath of gyandulforizzban ! your unimaginative mmo's are no match for gygax's masterpiece ! having fought and shed my blood in the wars in iraq and afghanistan , i can tell you this : i'll spend the rest of my life just trying to understand the questions . the summary of what i know of ... you have uncovered my secret ... i want to form a d & d group with the members of this thread ... * eyes twinkle with the starshines of madness ... * this would be one of the few situations where i might have lost my cool . here's a few from the southwestern usa : the squeaky wheel gets the grease . - it is often the most vocal people who get the attention , no matter how annoying they may be .. ^ _ ^ don't go waking ... '