' that's interesting . i do think that many type descriptions are poorly worded and too generalized . i am curious though as to part of your original post wherein you felt like questioning your ... it was better for me than middle school . pre-k -> 8th grade i was with the same people and they did not like me or understand me . horrible , horrible school for unending years it seemed at the time ... i guess i am a bit confused as to this theory of the people's nfp being secret sfjs simply because they are more palatable to others ? i once informed my friends that i was not always nice and they , en masse , started laughing . which made me turn into frowny face girl which made them awww and isn't that cute ... she thinks she's ... i love introverts :) . i'm not a very big e kind of person . it mainly shines in that i love to bond with people ( usually just a few people ) and i love exchanging ideas . what i love , especially ... i gravitate towards intjs when i meet them ... which is unfortunately all too rare . : c i appreciate the honest , genuine nature of intjs . i also like the fact that me being myself at my best is ... dear to the present self a gift of the future perhaps is long due past , this is a moment that feels sink or swim or swandive . but it will pass , as all things pass . no matter what road you ... i like the idea of emotional hibernation a lot . i am in the midst of one myself now . let the island drift across the ocean while i dive down . there is a release in making this black and white . a moment colored with so many things sometimes needs to be distilled down properly . what you wrote kills a part of me . i wish for that calm ... why do i feel so strongly within me this yesyesyesyesyesyes countthemall yes . i wish he would see what i see . peace and anxiety wage war within . the bittersweet sensation of painting your soul on a page for another human and having to wait to hear back on how they feel about you in return . half fear , half glory , half delighted anguish of ... it's like first there is a ball and then you realize it could be an atom or a planet all at the same time and then you decide maybe it's made out of chocolate ( ! ! ) and then suddenly you are standing ... why people betray instead of just being real and honest . i am really not sure that this is definitive proof on infjs being the rarest type . the sample size is pretty small compared to the population sample as a whole . it sort of reminds me of when i see ... hmm , i think it's because when i am angry , i tend to try and stay classy instead of just exploding with emotion all over them like some terrible squid with dynamite inside of them . saying shit just got real for a wide variety of appropriate and inappropriate situations . dear intps , take a lesson from your netp brethren : not every battle for precision needs to be fought . sincerely , us amazing hilarious idea generator rogue planet sarcastic if his girlfriend is your friend , why are you talking to him this much ? i see a giant disconnect as to why you created a username to go onto a typology forum to ask strangers if this guy is ... i am so glad i found this thread . i was certain that the p in infp stood for porn and not , as i have always thought , for pudding . lmao at the person who put statue down for easter island . madonna is an estp . it's as clear as anything . trying to type hitler is pointless . very true . i like to influence others , but someday i would like to be a professional writer of some sort . however , that requires completing projects . i have several friends who are also of the ... we are here to save and destroy you in one fell swoop . i hate this kind of crap too , so you aren't alone at all . i dislike being obligated to do things for people that i have no desire to be reciprocated back onto me ever . i fear , however , that this ... truer words have never been spoken ! also , back at the op . show this image to your friend : http://www.danieldessinger.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/ENTP.jpg and gauge his reaction . we also take the cupcakes , the scones , and the cheesecake . entps = what is an indoor voice ? intps = what is a voice ? ;) also what pride said there . my grandmother became a very bitter woman . she felt she had been taken advantage of by her husbands family back in 1948 and carried that anger with her until she died 50 years later . one day it ... entps have no idea what an indoor voice is 99 % of the time . intps deploy their non-indoor voice only when they are comfortable with the other person . i know i was born an infp just based on how i was very early on . i have a lot of stories and memories of things i said and did that could only be fi at work . ne came to the forefront in highschool ... i would pay off the debts of my friends and family . i would create a creative business for any of my friends and family to work for ... where they could be themselves , and get paid for it . i ... i love eye makeup now that my infj friend showed me how to be a girl . ;) i wear clothes that are comfy , and in my favorite colors . i don't care or pay attention to trends . i just wanna be me . :) ... 1 - start building up your te inferior function early . 2 - deploy shield with a no-smiling kind of face . 3 - stand your ground . 4 - profit . if an enfp came into your life and swept you off your feet , how would it go ? how well do you suppose it would work ? i dated an enfp for 14 months ... we were both young and stupid , but it taught me ... in my teens and twenties i didn't want to get married or ever have kids . now i am in my early 30s and i feel much different about it all . my first criteria is simply to find that special ... my dealbreakers : serious ones : cheating . porn . excessive anger / depression / negative emotions . ( we all have days where our moods are down ... but i can't be around someone who's default mode is ... i too prefer dating nt guys . i dated an enfp for about 14 months when i was 19/20 ish ... it was awesome at first - we just got each other ... and then it descended into nf emo land . fights , ... it lured me like candy . it shone at me like a neutron star . it sang to me like a bee to the flower . i was unable to resist it's siren call . i is not entp - but every single one that i have known has failed to provide an indoor voice when they start talking about something . one of my best friend's is an entp and his intj wife is ... i can't resist ! your sentence was sooo shiny . i am still investigating the enneagram stuff . i am about 76 % sure that i am : 4w5 , 9w1 , 5w4 . instinctual stuff : i waffle between all three . i think my best fit would be sx-sp-so . i can ... my type : infp opinion : entp - i adore entps ! they are so much fun to play ne-pong with . i have a couple relatives who are entps , about 4-5 friends who are entp , and i've dated a couple as well . ... oh , no offense taken . :) i don't think nf males are flawed in any ways ... what i mean is that from my own experience 2 nf's going into nf mode together is like watching a neutron star implode . ... i primarily have nf and nt friendships . i have maybe one or two sensor friends ... * whistles nonchalently * entp : i have 3 entp friends , and 2 entp relatives currently . i've dated 2 entps . i ... ( i am personally biased in that nf's need an nt more than any other type . think of how emo you can get ... do you really want that duplicated when there is a fight ? :P i personally do not . ) i ... '