' i'm with you . my girlfriend is an esfp and an engineer . she's the best of both worlds , an intelligent nerd , and a cheerful extrovert . skeptic 0 weaker skills 2 stronger skills ( not susceptible to the sunk cost fallacy and you are good at seeing through tricky or deceptive arguments ) 5 average skills your quantitative ... i don't see myself as self-centered in the moment . however , when i look back at certain situations , i sometimes realize i was being a self-absorbed jerk . if an intj is average , they are squandering natural talents and doing life wrong . ;) if you were any of these types , then you would just want to be some other type .. exactly . i've posted about it in other threads too . if you compared me to a psychologist , they would look like a genius while analyzing someone and i would look like a fool , not understanding people ... ... you constantly correct people in your head , but don't verbalize it to make conversations move along faster . he has a quote for everything . 350002 some guys love pushiness . spineless women are not for me , lol . great build . mine was pretty close to that at first . i had the corsair h60 , but the pump failed , so i switched to air and never looked back . built a few years back for multimedia editing , general usage , and more . would be a great gaming machine with a new video card . ubuntu 15.04 currently thermaltake dokker case corsair hx650 psu ... 134-146 according to online tests a few years back . i've been in ap classes , gifted programs , etc . my whole life and it means next to nothing . i don't value opinions on my intelligence , as it is ... i constantly subdue misanthropic tendencies . i have to remember no one meets my standards , including me , so i try not to hate everyone else for my deranged thought process . it doesn't get any easier . i've had a career for about six years , just earned two degrees today , and still feel lost most of the time . i think the trick to being an adult , is what you do about it . i ... asap i read this a long time ago , and it seems to be applicable here . skip the counteroffer when resigning a job to make a graceful exit correct . it's a very neat site . besides that , check out coursera and codecademy ( for programming ) . again , the older you get , the easier it gets , just be yourself , and get out of your head . as we get older , more women realize they want a dependable , problem solver as a mate . i think i waver on the both crowd . i appreciate art and literature , but i excel in maths and science . our types may give us a predisposition , but it doesn't guide our abilities and interests . we aren't all maths / science nerds ... there are many artistic intjs out there . :) job : systems analyst studying : bas - informatics self explanatory . i analyze systems for the company i work at . it is a small business , so i have to do a lot of mundane things as well like ... i was the same until about 19 , then just started carrying schnapps to parties . at least i could stand being in the same area as people . there are other substances that help even more ... i would say intj as well . reasoning : gut feeling ( plus i would have answered many of the questions the same way . ) it often gets around 110f - 115f here in the desert ( socal ) in july and august , and i like it . swimming , shade , cold beer , etc . plus it really makes you appreciate it when the weather cools back down . not sure . not every intj has a plan for world domination . ( well , mine hasn't been perfected at least . ) 1 . unite infjs , intjs , enfps ( entps , maybe ) 2 . buy large island 3 . start society 4 . when ... it has to do with creating a new utopian society ... full of win . i agree completely with your entire post blue soul bill withers - ain't no sunshine - depression / breakup ( a lot of my music fits here i'm realizing ) mooney suzuki - alive and amplified - happy / on drugs radiohead - creep - insecure / self explanatory ... great thread ! i actually have songs for every emotion i want to feel / am trying to feel . it's kind of weird , but it allows me to tap into feelings . right in the feels . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoR0mGq_z2I favorite colors : 333946 it does suck , it is true , most go through it . it doesn't mean you have to be discouraged . you just have to find a happy place for the time being . i'm in major hermit mode now , ( hanging with one ... not true . a few of the women i have dated , were this way . things may not always work out , but there are many strong women out there that will take the lead if you put yourself out there to be hit ... except life has infinite expansion packs . hermit mode engaged . it cycles , don't worry , just learn from those alone periods . ah , the dream . i'll take one of those models as well . a million times yes . even people holding a smartphone . seriously ? ok google , why is this person wasting my time ? most of that goes away with age / experience . rejection sucks , but you will never know unless you try ( this advice is helping me reinforce it in myself , lol ) . the part where you are hoping to have ... being bothered by or at social interactions ? people do talk to me , i just have very little to say about whatever sport is currently on tv , or other mundane topic they are on about . if someone has ... personally , i don't really approach any stranger , man or woman . i don't want to be bothered most of the time , so i assume most others don't either . i don't think i've ever approached a woman first ... it may pass the time , but you'll look back and realize that those things were fun . you just didn't notice it at the time . funny you are talking to people now , not in person , but still . you can be ... when intjs let someone in , or the meetups ? our cold exterior until we let someone in ? i'm gonna gate crash one of these . :) enfp meetups - meetup not sure where you are lch 98 , but may be worth checking out . it's hard , but you'll be ok . when i just get out of my head and actually go out among people , i finally do alright with women . easier said than done , i know . i don't have many friends currently , but ... i don't know if like is the right word , but i would listen to it . i can see myself working out to this , or while riding out in the desert . i'm far from being an expert , but the less you try the better , with women . just get in your element , video game tournament , museum tour group , or whatever you are good at / interested in , that ... slice it up and dip it in chocolate fondue . delicious ? that's an adjective i've never heard to describe my personality ( type ) , haha . which field exactly ? i have an as for computer information systems and one for business administration ( kind of business focused ) . if i enjoyed maths more , i would have done computer science or ... it happens . after my last breakup , i started jogging and weightlifting again . it may help you as well . keep your mind and body busy , and everything else slowly falls into place . very true , but percentages can be misleading . there are a lot of people in the world , and 2 % sounds quite rare , while 152,000 , 000 doesn't sound as impressive . point being , it's likely you may run ... '