' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ7fsPxbcXE&list=PLEDA28CC562491933 i didn't know there was anyone on the net still not using ad-block : happy : you will have a hell of a time getting my leash from the girl that has hold of it . she will break you : happy : what if i am the animal i seek ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3stsDXki__U : happy : do people sometimes make you feel like you're too serious or paranoid ? this question , for me , depends on context . my imagination runs away with me , quite often . i've had people , and friends , tell ... i met one for drinks a little over a week ago . she ( not sure if i should say her name ... she lurks here from time to time , so maybe she'll speak up ) is lovely . i had a great time . we talked for a few ... it's very rare for a relationship to withstand the earth's gravitational pull and where it's going to take people and how they're going to grow . i've heard it said that you can't really have a ... : sad : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfhsRIDh1RQ i've had this feeling most of my life ... but its really hit me hard the last couple of weeks . i have a fairy tale mindset about relationships . i've never been a good dater . i've always looked ... hello all . i do apologize for not responding to this thread . i did read and take your advice ... and it did help with my journal . in only a few days , i've written page after page . it started off to ... and thus my dilemma lol i want to try this for her ( since i've always wanted someone to do it for me ) ... but i cannot imagine just writing down / talking about my thoughts to someone ... however , i ... hello all , so , i met a girl a few months ago that i really liked . we usually were just casual with each other . just friendly conversation . well , she hinted that she would like to go out ... so i ... its not so much the song ... but the girl . with that voice and accent , she could read the phone book to me , and i would melt http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlPDUPb3qcg edit > > i thought this ... though this gives me the warm and fuzzies ... no freaking way would i be able to do that lol ugh ... i just spent a half hour writing in this little window .. wanting to help you , and console you , and make you feel better ... but i deleted it . i'm not sure what to say ... we've all been where ... please nooo ! ! ! i am the same way . in one ear and out the other , and sometimes my brain even hears what it wants to hear ... which the person i'm talking to either may or ( usually ) may not have actually said lol . ... not what i wanted ? pshhh ... that's exactly what i was waiting for ! ! :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D05ej8u-gU butbutbut ... ugh ... we might just have to agree to disagree . i never said or dismissed fiction as completely stupid . i said it makes fiction look completely stupid . i will admit that ... your definition of the value fiction is not correct ... however , fits in very well with my example , because the reality of physics , and space , and time , and even just the universe as a whole does ... great post ! ... i missed it by a billion ... : happy : this is why i love science so much . there is never a right answer . well , there is , but we've yet to discover it . and then the possibilities that it unlocks are far beyond what we can imagine ... i see what you're saying , but i don't believe its correct . however , i'm not currently smart enough to argue you out of it : tongue : however , i do know , with a solar sail , its not light that ... well , einstein's theory holds up ... even being infinite . the smartest people possibly ever on earth and billions of dollars are being spent right this second to try and prove him wrong ( everyone ... i'm not sure how to answer this . i have really only dated extroverted women ... and it hasn't ever really worked out . the definition of insanity is repeating the same action over and over , expecting ... in order for you to see something , light comes from a source ( in this case , for a meteor , the light source is the sun ) , hits the object ( meteor ) , then bounces off the object into your eye . because ... oh ... also , when thinking about the hdc , don't forget about the observer effect . it states that simply observing an event will change it's outcome . so , even if the event does happen , that we ... how did i miss this thread ? this is my bag , right here ! that's not true . in the theory of relativity , the speed of light is a constant and is independent of the observers motion , or the source ... i was outstandingly horrible at math during high school ... because ( as i'm sure most of you are the same ) i cannot learn in the way that most school formats teach . after high school , i started ... forest gump ... every time . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io90lrbVbrs no new renna videos for a while ... : sad : ( though , i do enjoy the other users videos too ! ! ) i have a pretty strong man crush on jt ^ ^ great song ... among others . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftjEcrrf7r0 sweet lord ... i do all of that stuff ... i even have a beard that doesn't make us hipsters , does it ? damn , i hope not . oh .. yeah ... i've always thought that . its one of my words to live by . the things you hate in others , are the things you hate in yourself . i just didn't know it was somebodies actual work . i ... are there cliffs notes ? can your paraphrase ? i love tumblr ... and that's the reason i'm not a member . i would do nothing else with my time , but surf people's profiles , and post pics . i sit down to look at people's profiles , and the seasons ... all the time . i type the way my head puts sentences together ... and sometimes there are several sentences wanting to come out at once , so i use ( ) all the time to illustrate that things inside the ... that's the best part about this forum ! ! also , having a good imagination , as we do ... i play a lot . my pencil is a lightsaber , or a bus . crackers with a corner bitten off is an airplane ... i do the same thing , for some reason . i have a crazy name for just about everything i use in my daily life ... and that name usually has nothing to do with the particular object . for some reason , it ... i don't think i ever get wild . i had my club days ( its still fun from time to time ... i just recover much more slowly ) , but i never really got wild . a few drinks , and just kinda wander around , ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kz8z3zEbAY1qak6kio1_500.gif http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7WtavVdBCk&feature=related i just discovered his work ~ a month ago ... and i'm in awe of it . just fantastic . henry asencio http://www.picturethisgallery.com/Artists/Asencio,%20Henry/Recognition_HenryAsencio.jpg http://www.artbrokerage.com/art/asencio/_images/asencio_17814_2.jpg ... i have 2 thoughts . 1 . why ruin a good thing ? what would having more get you that you don't already have ? you already go out with her and hang out ... and you also have sex with her . 2 . if your ... keys , wallet , chap stick , knife , paper towel for my daughters nose , cell phone . easy . i'm sorry to be saying this ... but run for the hills , away from this dude . he's the problem , not her . does she have issues ... of course . will she ever deal with them knowing that she is next ... '