' i don't know , i miss my ex a lot ... sometimes i do wonder how they re doing and just want to make sure they are okay ... but i think some time later you have to reach out to her if you want her back , ... takkenne , you are so right about this . i remember so much about all the hurtful words my ex said about me ... even text messages from my first ex 7 years ago ! words hurt a lot indeed :/ don't have much to value add but just wanted to say enicma you are not alone . i am struggling to be a heathy enfj after a breakup but it has just been spiralling down , or maybe ups and downs ... and ... really ? tbh i don't think it's really a happy life for all of us . i think many enfjs are struggling a lot with regards to their lives , but they tend to not bring it out when others seek advice from ... w122 hey dear , thank you so much for your kind words . means a lot to me knowing there are people in the same boat although id never wish for this to happen onto anyone else . hugs ... :/ i ... bnb and your girlfriend has been okay with your opinion on marriage ? just curious . even when the feelings let's say romantically , are with someone whom you've opened up and really would never ever hurt you . like you can be vulnerable with that person ? gilly thanks :) thats the thing you see , especially when your ex is a freaking istp who .. is successful in repressing feelings and avoidance . it makes you feel like you're the only one in this ... i ... thetechman haha sorry , well i started a thread about my situation but long story short : timing and circumstances and being in different locations . thetechman if it's due to circumstances ? i cry buckets when i am misunderstood , angry , depressed , or just anticipatory grief even . i agree with you , i think he might be more selfish than the personality thing resulting in his decisions . thanks ! i have been reading your entries about enfj .. and i am really appreciative of how much research you had done and you sharing the knowledge with us ! i'm a enfj , type 2 , instinctual sexual 2 i think ... tamehagane i couldn't find much about fe-ni focus , could you explain ? :/ i do ! i went out to hike alone ( but felt more reassured when there are fellow hikers around me ) and was in nature the ... jawz no comparison at all . just trying to suggest that sometimes it takes a long time but it eventually does get better . no worries . i have had people compare their heartbreaks to mine and mine ... thank you tamehagane ! it is very kind of you :) thing is i think i have developed some ni actually .. it's true . i hate reading books ... i mean i used to read a lot of books when i was young . now ... how do i develop my ni or ti ? i know , but tbh i just want to stop feeling love for this guy anymore ... hence the only thing i want to do is just to shut off feelings for everyone because i can't ... thanks ! it's been 3 months though .. my appetite dropped badly ... i actually have nothing i want to do though , which makes it all workse .. and people just disgust me now ... being near them ... i agree , people telling me that everyone goes through this , move on , you deserve better and stuff . but in actual fact , i say i am an unhealthy enfj , because i really lose all hope and feel that ... wonder how you are with your so ? i was in a ldr for 1.5 years with my istp ex bf ... we never met and ( i'm also from singapore ) lol . he broke up with me cos well circumstances and i think he thinks ... are you guys still together ? enfj and istp pairing ? i agree with you . it was extremely difficult throughout my relationship which ended with him leaving ... but i felt like we both learnt a lot . sadly it wasn't enough pwowq when they do think of people , would they focus more on the good or the bad ? would this thinking ever translate into regret / feeling of loss or omg i want her back ? now , i might not know much to give as much insight , but from what i see of your post , 1 . i'm sorry you were so badly hurt . having someone you love / loved tell you that he couldn't have a connection ... okay ... i am sorry i offended you lol . wasn't stereotyping him but this is a forum for personalities , so ... haha well , i think it was unlikely hormones or excitement considering we were in a relationship for 1.5 years . i thought about it , but he thinks i still do not understand . maybe because of my ... 1418 , yes i agree with you . i don't need an immediate answer , but it would be nice to not read my message unless he can reply .. or at least say he's busy . i also agree with you that , perhaps he ... 1418 , once again he read my message and the photo and did not reply . i am getting borderline annoyed ? like if he just wants to do this kind of ignoring , can't he just block me ? does he get a kick ... 1418 thank you so much ! :) oh lol , so if i block him ( since he blocked me on facebook ) , would that piss him off / make him more curious about me ? oops sorry manipulative unhealthy enfj traits out haha ? really , i don't think i will move on / find another . i would rather be single then . not sure if it's an unhealthy enfj thing or obsession or whatever , i am really set on my thinking that if it's ... 1418 , thank you for replying ! :) i think i made a enfx mistake by following up with a how are you ? <- i know i just recalled and someone on the forum told me as well , that was a mistake . i merely ... 1418 , anyway i sent him a nice message saying i am sorry for how i acted before and after the breakup and that it was out of line even though i was hurting badly . i also apologised for not being ... enfj feeling extremely worthless and suicidal and finds no meaning in life now post breakup with my istp ex-bf :( ah oh man , really ? any advice is appreciated though , or thoughts ! cursive 1418 yes you are right , he has unblocked me since the end of february after he imposed a 2 weeks no contact post breakup . he isn't speaking to me at all , i . e . not proactive in making conversation . ... 1418 , my situation i guess , i have no idea where i stand in his life ? ( or if he even wants to keep me around ) motherofdragonslover hi ! ! ! fellow got fan ! ( reminds me of how he introduced me ti got ... ) even though he had been a jerk in the relationship , i felt that we shared a strong emotional connection ... actually i don't really know . do istps not initiate conversation ? 1418 thank you :) cursive oh i am serious actually ... you mean the bolded part ? because you asked i thought you had some advice to give ! i got a bit confused at what you were trying to get at oops . but this was definitely not my fault the breakup . i wish it was , like i wished i had betrayed or cheated on him so i wouldn't feel so ... i think i agree with the loud music example . but then no offence , my example of taking responsibility if you murdered someone , would be to make up for it , and not to just stop murdering ? . hmm , ... i am a super unhealthy enfj post breakup right now . i feel hurt , scarred , betrayed , used , disgusted at myself and how human beings can be so selfish , angry , upset . i blame myself for being naive ... that is so horrible . guys who cheat deserve nothing . sometimes i wish my ex bf had cheated on me . it would have made it so much easier to move on than some stupid selfish reason like i want to work ... you are ! but i get super riled up hearing responses from istp users ... : x so what do you mean by emotional support ? oh wait , i also forgot to mention one really sweet thing he did ... we have ... i have been through heartbreaks before , it's nowhere like this . it feels like i am betrayed , abused , hurt , taken for granted , used ... you know i wish sometimes he was a complete jerk , that he ... maybe it's how different we are , it's ridiculous to me . i did nothing wrong and how dare he let his feelings fade , or string me along whatever if he never wanted to meet me . it's honestly ridiculous ... pwowq er okay lol . haha sorry that i didn't seem to understand . so basically you're saying he appreciates me as a person , yet doesn't want me in his life ? okay i guess i was at fault ... he blocked me on whatsapp ... is it possible if you could teach me ways to go about that ? honestly , i really hate being a enfj , after this incident , i desperately want to be like you guys . istp . not caring for the world , caring ... really ? because we actually talked about a lot things , like marriage , where to settle down ( which country ) , dual income families or single income , things like how to manage finances , religion when we ... '