' i moved to japan , but hated it after a few months , and moved back to my old life . stain . current top 5 albums channel orange by frank ocean a love surreal by bilal airtight's revenge by bilal ( slightly less recent , but i am just now appreciating this album ) black radio by robert ... choir and social studies ( both of which , i currently teach ) . i was also very good in english , despite almost never reading the assigned literature . i definitely know what you are talking about . as infps , our thoughts and emotions run deep . it is all contained inside of us , which can certainly have the powder keg effect . we usually try to ... i have entire conversations with myself out loud . first of all , i love this thread . it is inspiring to me . i like the fact that we're tough on ourselves , because we are constantly trying to improve who we are as human beings . i like that we ... are y'all sure you aren't talking about estps ? i view an esfp as some of the acting / drama kids at my high school , or the dance teacher at the school i work in . they are always on stage . everything ... simplicity and comfort all the way ! i do own a couple of dashikis , if people consider that weird , but the vast majority of the time i wear very simple clothing . i have been vegetarian for over 2 and a half years . it's mostly for health reasons , but the more i realize how animals are abused , compassion becomes a reason as well . i have become vegan in the ... my girlfriend's dad is enfp . he is really cool , and the only person in her family i actually like , tbh . he is very talkative , but not in an annoying / douchy way like an estp . he and i can talk for ... exactly this . rude people insulting my intelligence lying ( which is just another form of insulting my intelligence ) my mom is xstj my dad is xntp i'm with you on this , and i'll add my own spin on it from my personality's perspective . as an infp , i am magnetically drawn to enfjs . i think that , in our own inner-worlds , we see ourselves as ... lmao @ cutish , bloodsucking people started coming out of the woodwork ... touching my hair , and the i know . i'm sorry face . hecks yea ! i saw lauryn hill by myself . i also saw comedian paul mooney by myself . screw waiting for someone . sure , it is preferable to go with someone , but if there's no one to go with , it ... hilarious ! ! ! lol , and i suppose you have to continuously re-up on the pills , despite the fact that you're supposed to be cured ! so i'm getting home today and i get this phone call . it was this lady from primerica ( mlm company ) with whom i spoke last week . she was referred to me by someone who i consider a good friend of ... hilarious . i often say this when something is funny . a lot of the time , i'll just say it in a deadpan way in lieu of a laugh . other times , i will throw my head back and yell , ... this is the music video for a song called the grind that i did in this group i used to be in . i am the guy singing in the chorus and bridge . a couple fun facts about this vid : the school scenes ... you are so deep , intelligent and , thoughtful . i value your kindness , and how you are considerate of others . i understand you . yes , you can follow your dreams ... here is a ( not a profit scam ) ... i am against it , but my girlfriend is all about it . we had a legitimately heated argument over this . if we get married and have kids , it will be interesting . i think i agreed to do the santa thing ... great thread ! there are so many things i could put in this category . in general , people don't see me as i see myself . whenever i have a conversation with someone who actually gets me , it makes me feel very ... <--- lefty infp here ! i definitely don't think it is a coincidence that there are so many of us in here . i can totally relate to the coworker . he reminds me a lot of me and i am definitely a strong infp . i definitely do what the op is describing . i walk around my apartment all the time , often while talking to myself . i have countless other weird habits as well . my girlfriend is moving in with me ... i completely identify with having trouble concisely expressing one's self verbally . my thoughts are really profound , but whenever i try to express a thought , it comes out as disjointed , ... i can identify with the op , because i am going through something similar in my job as a teacher ( i would not survive a day of being a salesman , though ) . i bust my ass , and put so much extra time & ... i definitely give off a childlike innocent vibe to those who vaguely know me . my childlike / innocent vibe will either make people treat me special or try to walk all over me ( or both ... i am a trained singer . i also play keyboard and dabble in acoustic guitar and drums . i love this thread . typical nightclubs are so completely antithetical to an infp's nature . this reminds me of that if infps ruled the world thread , but more attainable and realistic . i think ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1gl66hgxmU i just don't like the energy in here . i am known as a very mellow guy , and it takes a lot to get me visibly riled up . however , if you push the right buttons , you'll have a world of hurt coming your way . as far as authority figures go , ... how neglectful of me to not give my fellow nfs a visual representation . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBq_J08srVA watch please . positive : there would be no wars and less injustice . negative : there would be less convenience , because the products and technology of convenience are a lot less likely to be made by us .  ... i do not like tattoos at all . i generally agree with the sentiment , if you had a ferrari , would you put bumper stickers on it ? i live in a city ( philly ) where it seems as though the vast majority ... i tend to gravitate toward xnfjs . i don't see an infp stealing unless there is a deep moral code behind it ( i . e . , robin hood ) , or a dire need ( i . e . , aladdin ) . as an infp , i have a hard time understanding why people do things like ... i rarely ever watch tv . i don't get into many shows . however , i love enlightened . it is a very nf-resonant show . i really identify deeply with what amy ( the main character ) goes through at her ... i am a trained singer , and i have other musical talents in which i dabble . i have had a few different points in my life where i performed regularly and professionally . right now i am a teacher , and ... this is an awesome thread ! you guys said a lot of mine , so i just went on a thanking spree , lol . another one i'd like to add ( unless someone else said it , and i overlooked it ) is insulting my ... my girlfriend and i teach at the same school . whenever i get really down & burnt out , she slips these love notes in my lunch bag for me to discover . an example of this would be something along the ... i like this breakdown . i think it is very accurate , in general . as an nf , i definitely think we look for the poignantly emotional and esoteric qualities in our music . i am an interesting case , ... the last movie i went to the theater to see was pitch perfect . i am an a cappella nerd . did it represent a capella music well ? not really , but i'm elated to see a capella music gain exposure . yes ! i completely agree ! i identify with ricky williams in so many ways , and i loved that film . thank you all for contributing your thoughts here . i am a 25 year old infp trying to find my way in the world ( as we all are ) . i currently teach middle school . i hate it , and plan to quit after ... '