' my kinda human ! : laughing : i'm a 7x6 , 4x5 and arguments make me feel sick as well , but like you , i would get angry if someone took something that was mine . i also have a bit of road rage ... when i say bit i mean ... a lot haha same here ! but i also get frustrated when i am not being understood or acknowledged so i have a tendency to become a * smidge * sarcastic when it is a close friend who has the wrong ... so , every enfp description depicts us as easy going people who dislike conflict to the point of sweeping things under the rug . of course , i do not like to get into heated arguments with people but i ... could . not . have . said . it . better . my . self . wow this is on point . a lot of the time i joke around . i'll be sarcastic and make comments about hating people and hating life when in reality , i love life ; i say them for shock / humor value . im not saying she ... avantgardearmy yes , i love sps ! i also have the 7/4 enneagram . coincidence ? i . think . not . : laughing : well , you definitely seem like someone who has a lot of romantic interests . people are most likely drawn to you and those men are jealous because they lead by basic aggression . now , women have seen ... when we get stressed , a lot of us tend to become some variant of an istj ! we become obsessed with details and become every introverted . very tyranty . if that's even a word haha but it takes a lot to ... i can't see myself dating an intj . any j type makes me feel judged or stifled in a romance . but they make great friends ! always giving logical advice and witty arguments are a , ways great since they ... you mind if i private message you later ? it's rather long i began to giggle in the middle of class because of this comment and now my professor thinks i am a sadist for laughing at his holocaust slides . thanks . a . lot . haha ai.tran . 75 actually , this has been years in the making haha definitely no infatuation here ! but thanks , that was some good advice :) yay ! you responded to my thread ! i love all of your posts ! prepare to play 52 and a half questions missy ! * tells me that often and likes that about me so he says this is a new one ... care ... maybe he / she liked you ? * wink , wink ! * * nudge * i encouraged someone . that's not manipulation . and if you don't care for me at all please get off of my thread , stop following my posts , and commenting on my conversations with people . i have not ... haha yeah sometimes we can be a little clingy but i tend to only have physical contact with people i know because of issues i've had in the past with strangers inappropriately touching me . if i ... it wasn't just because of this date . the date just caused me to evaluate other njs in my life and i realized i could never date someone with those functions . i have a parent with the nj functions and ... snapple but here is the thing , i remind you of the people you knew but i am not the people you knew . you are the one throwing things at me because of what swede and i have both said , you are ... contradictory statement ? i am pretty sure telling me indicates that i hate myself so i need someone to tell me i'm better than what i think i am versus me naturally needing validation and in turn you assuming that i ... apparently my sarcasm wasn't noted ... and where would you get the assumption that i hate myself and need approval from others ? weren't you just ranting about assumptions ? ! ! ! tisk , tisk . sweet dreams ! ... hahahahaha that was funny . i prefer snowball fights . but thanks for keeping the peace , sir ! shucks , i thought offering you virtual pie would for sure change your mind . haha i'm just a playful person and actually ... i can't see myself with another enfp . bonus : i can cook ! does that win ... i'm going to assume that was sarcasm ... believe it or not i have trouble with this whole sarcasm reading thing * exaggerated air quotes * you should try weight watchers desserts then ! they're ... just because other people used you doesn't mean that i'm using someone by encouraging them . you are getting so heated about this because it takes you back to your own experiences but this is not ... the quote you used was taken out of context . i was saying i never claimed to know everyone's emotional health . that is a conversation i had with countryboy and not with you . it seems like you will ... never claimed to :) can i wear a bedazzled robe ... or ... ? crusades ? ! yes , because i raised my spear and yelled for narniaaa ! hahahahaha okay ... i will ask ... when was the last time you got a good night's rest ? drank some tea ? walked along the ... thank you . thank you for understanding that i was not forcing anyone to do anything , i was trying to present a positive outlook because i have also found that i can easily confide in people ... snapple well i am sorry i gave him no action ... if this is the way you speak to women i can understand if you get no action either . his point was that i do not know the emotional health of ... snapple actions are expressed through words on this forum . there can be no differentiation seeing as everything done is done through a keyboard . so who is the illogical one here ? also , countryboy ... i guess we will try not to tackle you ... until i make them mine or until i see something i do not like in them which will make more sense when i answer the next question i make sure ... i am not very competitive by nature . i also have the coordination of a walnut . but ... baseball pants are great ... does that count as being sporty ? or ... it takes a lot of growing and maturing for anyone - regardless of type - to share their emotions . and as i said before , i am not sure of his emotional health ; i never claimed to be . i am very sorry ... aw thanks : kitteh : * takes a dramatic bow * oh yes ! i was wondering why you seemed to understand me so well and then i looked over and saw you were an istp . makes sense now . feel free ! i had never heard of anyone doing that before so much esfj insight . i guess it is so different from the way i am . why change myself ? ! i am a procrastinator , always late , talk too ... it depends on the situation ... if i lose someone close to me due to death , i listen to sad music , cry by myself , talk to an infj friend about it just to let it out ... total introvert mode . when ... really ? ! i thought she was an infp ... but that's just me ... the intjs i am friends with are not unhealthy or immature . this guy was also not immature although i do not know enough about his health to really be able to acknowledge or refute your point . i was ... emberfly this is such a sweet post . god bless your brother , he sounds adorable . one of my good friends has that form of mild autism and i know this is not the case with this guy but i laughed out ... judge well , you were not in my position so you really do not know how rude it would have been to insist on changing the subject , after i even said i tried to politely guide it elsewhere and he would ... : laughing : the creepy dad talk was all in lighthearted fun gotta love them infjs ... : kitteh : don't give up ! sometimes we go through trials and run into crazies ; this help us grow emotionally and mature socially . all of that prepares us for the right person . poppax do you know her type ? that's not to say i would dump a man i like if find out he is an intj , but seeing how the intjs around me function a certain way opened my eyes to the fact that a lasting romantic relationship might ... jeb 713 no , actually it made me assess other intjs in my life and i came to the realization that the type is not for me . he had many similar qualities to other intj friends i have but seeing one in a ... : laughing : well then i'm a moron ... i had no idea what dungeons and dragons even was . i totally thought it was a video game . i never played board games or video games growing up . video gaming is not ... jeb 713 if i remember correctly , the poster i was responding to was an intj who said he liked video games . the intj i was talking about was a hardcore gamer as well , as he shared about different games ... '