' porn is for people who lack the ability to dream up better . introversion 46 % | | 60 % extroversion | 70 % 43 % ... i've gotten xnxx . i have come to believe i am an inxp , on account of having gotten nearly equal t and f function scores on other tests . i'd think the ideal would be to be an enfp ... i guess i can understand why people would want to think themselves an infp . first off , no matter how neutral people stand , i feel that n is just better ... the way i'd cope with it , judging by my istj dealings , i'd just stay within myself more , not talking to them , until i found either ns or fs . then i'd ignore everyone but them . this quiz gave me a gryffindor slytherin tie and then a raveclaw hufflepuff tie ... that's not normal for these quizzes . normally i'm 1 ) slytherin 2 ) ravenclaw / gryffindor just not hufflepuff ridiculous ? absolutely . i am the text book definition of ridiculous ^ 10 . i subscribe my comments often to the obscure and light hearted , such as the possibility that every moment of life is ... socially i lean towards neutral to more traditional values , but everything else economy , government , etc i'm a pretty strong lefty . of course i don't tell my entirely right wing family this , but ... sounds like infp to me . alphonse elric from full metal alchemist is the first to come to mind . falls between ariel and mulan ... my style of leading is getting someone influential to support my ideas . here's what i've figured though with leadership . if the entire world wants leaders , it'll go no where because a leader can't ... for infps , i'll say this : don't rely on the other person to do something . you will end up wasting a lot of time fantasizing about something that will never happen . if you like someone , pursue . if ... infps as i have said a few times before aren't all fluff and innocence like some would say us to be . i feel like as an infp gets older , they become more apt cynics . it's natural for us because the ... the title of your thread confuses me . you ask how we deal with being infp , yet i find it more of an enjoyable experience than an affliction to be dealt with . the girl talking first is an amazing stress reliever . i never know how to start and silence makes me uncomfortable . legend of zelda , all of them . a choice a or b question can't be answered with yes or no ... anyways , i am not currently dating anyone . clearing the table and washing dishes . my family sits around the table as i do this . i feel like a friggin servant or something . i've considered dying it . always thought dark blue or green hair would just be awesome to have . perhaps even purple , who knows . as it stands , i love my hair longer , but my hairline makes that not ... * may be extremely sensitive to any kind of criticism * may perceive criticism where none was intended * may have skewed or unrealistic ideas about reality * may be unable to ... all i have to say is that there's a reason we're given a loop button on most every mp3 player and media program . heavy rain - especially with thunder - and blizzard snows are the best . there isn't a type of weather i don't like , but the bad types are just awesome . i think infps have a darker alignment than we like to let ourselves think . and really , evil can take on so many appearances it's kinda hard to specify the look . there could be the innocent but super ... nature is like putting a bunch of paint into a canon nurture is like stirring that paint in a certain way the end result is a picture of what we are blasted on a wall . dark blue , dark red , dark green my top 3 easily . the way i can best describe it is that the world is copy pasted into photoshop and my inner world is a layer of awesome filters that reflects my thought and mood and at the same time , everything is ... chin 15 nose to mouth 93 nose length 8 forehead 0 lower lip 4 nose width 72 eyes 12 face width 99 upper lip 75 mouth width 30 eye gap 36 stability 73 % ... yup . best way i can say it is that calculus is way easier than sorting legos by color or size . the problem really lies in technically hard games . conceptually hard ones are fun , but when you can't execute what you want to do when you know exactly what you need to do , that's where the game ... it dove , picked up the bacon , and flew off to ... what i don't get is why we should have to do more work to make your speech styling courteous . we can't just say that's our type , get over it . that's a pathetic excuse . why can't an estj try to be ... there's a difference between cutting to the point and being forceful . going with water . it is something that flows and changes as it needs to , yet when you get too much in one place , you're in for it . it also has the state of ice , a colder more solitary form , as ... so infps , which of the letters in mbti do you value most in a person ? we can all say we live in a world where everyone is equal , but as is said , some are more equal than others . we already have our ... ftfy - sorry , but i got the sense that the underlying message was just be subservient to an estj because they're right for no particular reason . the only way i have ever managed this is to ... actually i'm an american . ich kann jedoch deutsch sprechen . i know how you feel . my dad is an estj and it has made life quite the rough experience at times . nothing i ever do seems to garner his approval . whenever he has a computer problem he yells and ... i wish you the best of luck and good fortune at every turn . and if you start to regret your decision , just wait til the holiday season . chicago is amazing at christmas . the magnificent mile and ... i intuitively look at your type right above your avatar and say infp . need i say more ? because no ones there to judge me when i do and say and write and draw and think what i want . i enjoy adding plurals to everything . i use we rather than i - but normally just when thinking out loud . i enjoy screwing with subject verb agreement . and for some reason the phrase ' good morrow to ... if i were to try being another type ... enfp - love those guys , intp - i'm pretty close to it anyways , or intj - something about that type ... i have to say the village needs a building code saying that no two buildings can look too much alike . - seriously , have you ever seen those subdivisions where all the houses are exactly the same ? ... absolutely the n . it is the letter i respect the most of all . and it would be named yggdrasil . also , i think we need a nice clock tower . nothing too ornate , but stylish with bells and visible from pretty much the entire town . you know that ninjas were just mercenaries from lower classes right ? they weren't any sort of warriors of justice , just mercenaries trying to get by . pirates , cause they don't need to be hired to do their thing . plus there's not much you can say against cap'n jack sparrow . or if you knew you met one . alright , i've been around and posting a fair amount , and honestly i have found something with which to take issue in these forums . so many threads are about how infp males feel inadequate as a male ... '