' first of all , i'd like to say welcome to the forum . considering how much you're already involved in studying the theory , i'm sure you'll have a great time . now , i can never say for certain if ... if we were truly put here purely to serve god , how pointless would life be ? when some people tell me that's how it is , i'm thinking : so we're like cows in an abattoir ? i mean we don't know why ... i feel like i spend most of my life making excuses for other people's actions . i don't accept these excuses , but i acknowledge their existence and accept the reason . sure , it might be effort ... i understand your sentiment , and i appreciate what you're doing for this guy . seeing pieces of you in another is a rare moment that begs to be seized - and it should . but i think the notion of ' two ... i was meaning to get back to you to say i was wrong and i completely agree with you . i knew much less about mbti and the cognitive functions back then . shallow knowledge on my part . jessa is more ... just to be clear , what do you mean by i will not shed tears on entertainment ? it's funny , i weep like a bitch from films , books and music . it's not too often , has to be good obviously , but it's ... i was wondering if anyone would say this . seems plausible doesn't it ? but with enough focus , it becomes more like this : i do exactly this . sometimes i get so far lost in tangents that i ... one thing we seem to have in common is our deep interest in literature . and another thing we have in common seems to be this itch we have to do some scribbling of our own . what i've always noticed ... james gordon - gotham ( tv series ) welcome back accidentalevil :p roud : i have to say , one of the most prominent trait i see in entps is trolling . i swear it's like in their dna to troll . also , do you like to have arguments for the ... you poor bastard ... but i wholeheartedly understand how you feel . it took me a so long before i could come to a logical conclusion about my bad relationship . if i'm honest , i still miss that ... hey zelakon . i was so close to going to sleep and then came across your thread and felt like i should say something . first , i think what you're going through is natural and i don't think the ... fantastic , i've avoided having to make my own thread . i constantly find myself wanting to be out there and meeting new people . though i have a wonderful group of close friends , i still find myself ... i suppose in some respect , i used to be that way - when i was very young ( mid teens ) . i didn't like it when things weren't real because i didn't feel it had any relevance to life and therefore the ... i only know one in real life , but personally , i think intjs are brilliant . they're often well-informed and expressive . they deliver their opinion without a hint of restraint , as if there's no ... am i evil ? is a question i've asked myself time to time . in some ways , i indulge in many whims and encourage others to take the leap in some risky situations . and sometimes , i have the urge to kick ... i've yet to meet an enfj in real life but you guys sound wonderful : happy : ever wonder who came up with honey soy chicken ? and i mean the fried kind you see at chinese restaurants in western countries . 238610 this stuff ^ ^ google it , you can find recipes but no ... one time i asked a friend of mine don't you think it's important to remain somewhat immature , no matter how old you get ? she's christian and same age as me ( at the time we were 21 ) . and she replied ... i'm glad you found decent people as well , the friends i have now i wouldn't trade for anything . they've shown to me the importance of being more understanding of others . now , i have more patience ... love psychedelic music . unlike straight-out experimental music , there's something inherently gentle and solicitous about the atmosphere and its sounds . it's music that has been brought out from the ... here's an example of an intps approach to guitar playing . i think it's a fantastic way of creating your very own style . http://youtu.be/uSaTAGsIBEI marty friedman , ex-guitarist of megadeth . this is true if we continuously met people in every kind of circumstance equally . but people are naturally inclined towards certain situations and i get the feeling if you're in a artsy environment , ... glad to be of service : happy : that sounds wonderful , how often do you move around and what's your occupation ? don't worry friend , it should last a while : wink : i went travelling for 2months and the effects of that lasted for over a year . i continued to seek new experiences back in my home country and did ... that's interesting , an ex of mine has bpd and was on ssri's for a long time , as well as being an everyday weed smoker . i'm fairly certain she had ssri-induced apathy syndrome . she was always ... it's probably obvious , but the idea came from the infp porn thread . there are so many jaw droppingly awesome images , quotes and video clips in that thread and it got me thinking : where is it ... that's exactly how i am , too . other than concerts ( which i go to a lot ) and recording equipment , i don't spend on much . i use public transport instead of buying a car - all so that i can spend what i ... if you don't mind me asking , what's the location independent job you've got in mind ? on my trip i travelled with 2 people i didn't know well so i felt pretty lonely , too . one night i ended up ... does the sky look better in pictures ? as with many infps , i'm prone to melancholia . one of the issues for me is the whole living in the future thing . it's good for introspection and planning for self improvement , but sometimes , i ... great , just realised agnosticism works for me . you're also the same age as me , i wonder what those odds are ? ha nice to meet you too . cheers for the book suggestion , can't wait to read it . : happy : it's strange how it's like that , don't you think ? considering the fact wings put a pretty big spin on the personality . and it's a valid point , when you read both descriptions it just makes sense that infp and type 4 goes hand in hand and enfp , too . from experience though , i found enfps tend to be more 4w3 than 4w5 ... but it sort of makes sense , right ? if there aren't too many male infps in the world , they'd be more inclined to find a place where they can be sure to find others that understand them . or maybe ... an infp that's type 5 , very interesting , can't wait to see your thoughts on things around here . it's nice to meet you gonnamakeyousting welcome thepe , i can relate , i ended up jumping into discussions without an introduction also ha . look forward to seeing you around :) hello to everyone , sorry for the long-winded introduction , i just felt like it . ( this kind of doubles as my before you came to perc thread post ) i've been a long time visitor of perc . anytime ... oh of course , i would never claim any type to be immune from doubt . i was just throwing in what i've observed from experience and what i've read - which is that intp's are likely to speculate whether ... the most useful thing i read somewhere was if you're questioning whether or not you might be a j , you're an intp . apparently , it's quite common for intp's to think they could be a j , as they ... i do see your point . but i do know an entp . he's on the chill side , but he gets wild especially when he's around people . he was partying pretty hard when he travelled and has a crazy collection of ... i think she's an entp . they're fairly reserved extroverts , but clearly don't find it difficult to socialise when the situation calls for it . she travels a lot , and having new and wild experiences are ... '