' kane _1 i understand that you want an answer from an estj , and i'm sure someone will answer , but i just felt the urge to say something as well . if you don't want an infp-opinion , just skip it . :) i ... that description made me feel all warm inside . wow . that sounds like my type of bar as well ! i don't mind other styles as long as it feels just good to be there . i can imagine how live music can add ... i see what you want to say . well , it's a bit more extreme in our house , not like just clothes on the bed and a few stacks of paper . :) she really doesn't fit that stereotype of being an organizer , ... i posed my question a bit hypothetically , but i'm actually just trying to understand my mom better . there are many indications that she is an isfj , but she isn't really able to manage the ... thanks . am i correct to conclude that you can endure it if you have some kind of routine in the midst of it ? would you look for or invent new or structural solutions to limit the continuing stream of ... thanks for your response . there are so few estj's on the forum that i was worried nobody would answer . i think his postponing of decisions is the result of being ill ( he feels more strongly he ... if an isfj is in a house where many projects ( diy ) are simultaneously taking off and every so many month new material is bought that needs to be given a place or be used , rooms are changed or are in ... i'll take a look at the different discriptions , that's good advice . i'm thankful for all the feedback i received allready and am certainly not planning to wait until someone gives me the one true ... she has made quite clear that she finds the personality talk and labeling ( for the times she heard me talk with my brothers and sisters about it ) really nonsense . in fact , it's one of those few ... thanks entheos for making me all confused again . :) no really , love your input ! thanks for giving me more food for thought . i see the si also , but not really fe . but as you showed with the example ... thanks . i'm leaning more and more to isfp . if i recall moments she is with me in the car while i'm driving , than she is usually pointing out the scenery ( which i find quite annoying as i must focus ... haha , i know that feeling . lately i spend most of my time with my parents and my esfp brother . with my dad and my brother it is the most obvious that they are very focussed on details and how things ... thanks for the advice ! i think isfp and maybe infp are the most plausible options . i agree there is little fe and also , i think that an isfj would work better with an estj on the level of being ... nice analysis . :) i agree that her general functioning makes me think of isfp as well . the sensitive , grounded loner ... only , she isn't artistic at all . :( it's us the daughters who try to make ... ok , i see . the thing is , she is not traditional in the sense that she promotes traditional values ( even though she does ) , but more like that she sticks to what she is used to . also she honestly ... not really . she'll help when she is directly confronted with someone that needs help . this help is also only on a practical , tangible level , like bring some food , help to clean . she was of course a ... i don't think she is typical for any of the types i'm considering . a lot of her behaviour is influenced by her low education and low self-esteem as well , so i'm happy for you that your wife doesn't ... do you mean inferior ne , like an isfj would have or rather an infp that doesn't use her ne ? the problem with finding her type is the big influence of my dad on her personality ( i think ) . she is ... i posted this description already on the isfj questions-thread , but didn't get too much response . one person said my mom sounded infp . so , i wonder what you guys think . it's important for me because ... most entj's here are kind and rational people , so you shouldn't worry about posting your problem here . that said , i don't think your friend is showing normal entj-behaviour , but simply problematic ... eh . your logic : she's entj -> everything she says is true -> it's your fault ? ? ? she might be mistyped , but she might also be an ugly entj . people of any type can be mean and manipulative . in ... is there some kind of ultimate test to see if someone is isfj , rather than isfp or infp ? :) or could you try to help me ? i have a really hard time typing my mom . she is defenitely an introverted ... i have quite some questions for you as i am trying to understand my dad a little better . is it common for estj's to become very pessimistic , maybe even paranoid under stress ? can stress prevent ... i like your beard . somehow i really like beards on men . don't know why ... i think odinsvardogr has a point , but i don't think you should make it too complex . with my estj-dad , i know i have to come with practical , functional , and detailed plans before he will decide to ... possibly , if they are immature . if i look at myself , i agree there is a sense of wonder about strongly career orientated people . i have the tendency to want to say slow down , relax , there's more ... purplegreen it's a tough one , this one . i know i can be like that as well , but wish i wasn't because i like to be friends with everyone . it is worse , however , if i don't feel at ease with people or ... i just realized i had my sad look and infp-eyes already as a toddler . i'm on the right , trying to make sense of the universe . 465250 ok , explained this way i get it . it makes sense that you want to see what you value also in your partner . i don't prioritize looks and thus don't expect my partner to do so ( hygiene and basic health ... oh , no , that's not what i meant . i see that i wasn't clear there . nobody is mistreating me and i think i have strong bounderies . i was just talking about that ridiculous blog that i was taking way ... thanks maust , you're perfectly right . i just read some articles of people i respect and decided i am not gonna waste anymore time on the issue . i'm not gonna let someone like this author ( a manwhore ... : rolleyes : are you saying that social pressure is a big influence on who you want to live with . will your friends think a 5 is too ugly ? ( based on the examples given on the internet i would say that i'm a 5 , ... male entj's , how important is appearance if you are interested in a long term relationship ? you may be honest , politically incorrect and you may mention the 1-10 rating scale for women . because when men care about a woman they act gentle and sweet ? :D good luck ! i think here you'll have to look for the right compromise . we simply need time to process emotional situations , even if there is no practical , tangible outcome . thinking about a problem means trying ... i think it has not that much to do with type , it's a worldwide trend . in europe and many eastern countries , nobody wants babies anymore and this has already big consequences . see for example japan : ... how naughty ! but i agree that this is how we can come accross with people we don't know or trust very well . less active than isfp's , less social and organized than isfj's and infj's , we seem to be ... depending the situation , i think many infp's are happy with written text and communication and maybe even prefer it over the direct and spoken word . so he might feel no need to speak to you by phone ... gold , natural , healthy , purifying , warm , cosy , tasty , honest , dreamy , starry nights , snowy winter days , christmas , cinnamon , gluhwein , fun , sweet , life-saving , sticky , busy bees , brown bears , ... in what way do infp's fit this comparison ? are we boring and one-dimensional or just too sweet for your liking ? sweetdreamin as i'm a female it's difficult to answer this fully correctly . i like it when the man pursues , but i think there might also be a type-related reason for taking it slow here .   ... my saviour . the one that keeps me from dreaming my life away . at least he tries to , but i often neglect him , i even forget to feed him sometimes . ( maybe he's more like a gold fish then ? ) i've decided ... i had to look into the functions to know for sure because i don't fit the stereotypes , really . first i doubted between isfj and isfp , but i definitely am an fi dom . fi goes deeper than fe and is ... are you in an actual relationship or is the the initial stage of getting to know each other and see how deep the feelings go ? he seems to be not ( yet ) sure about this relationship , in my opinion ... hmmm , there is some truth in that . my dad's an estj and i notice he respects me , which is not something he does with everyone ... i respect him mainly because he's my dad and has given a us a lot of ... handsome jack i agree that follow-through is a necessary trait , just like seeing what is necessary to get the relationship to a next level and acting upon it . my questions were not meant as ... i know he wouldn't mind , but he is giving me a different vibe than many entj's on this forum . ( i'm doubting if he's entj after all - he's more bubbly , entertaining , but still has strong te and is ... i notice two different aspects or reasons for the necessity of long term planning in your answers ; 1 ) the planning and commitment that makes a relationship practically and emotionally possible and 2 ) ... with me it's the same . most people see me as a very serious and hard working person . only now , a few in the academic circle are probably wondering what's taking me so long to finish my project . and ... '