' it was doctor diagnosed . all of it was . this was from years and years of therapy and visits to psychiatrists . 477370 black hair now . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTLCnRAjAVs you mean i'm not the only one who spaces out and misses out on a lot ? i love when my favorite characters are the same personality as me . : blushed : sorry , he's one of my favorite artists . it struck me curious , what would his personality type be ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBlGCk43Lyk this is one of his songs . he has more on his ... 454522 again , landon tewers . : blushed : is it sad i'd actually read this ? mine change color . grey to green to blue . they also have brown speckles in them . awww . :( i don't think so . you guy's get me thinking . fff - ... now i just sound like a wizard gone crazy . why hogwarts ? i was hoping for neverland . : crying : that's so awesome ! i'm glad you have been able to come out of your shell . it takes hard work to be able to do that . personally , i can do it if need be , like for a job or social event of a family ... all of these , it hurts so badly at how much i can relate . : laughing : best case scenario . let me give you the rundown . ( for my scenario rant for advice . ) what would you do in this situation ? aww , yeah . i've been trying to get out of my shell . i really enjoy reading everything though . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBlGCk43Lyk i was invited to come here and chat . i get shy branching out . am i talking too much ? sorry i'm socially awkward . sorry for talking to much .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_sFZ0NJQks flaw - whole . no really , i think this really has to be .. i'm sorry . ( about a million times a day . ) yeah , i'd love to come out for dinner with you guys . ( while thinking : please no , don't make me go ... yes , at times i'll be more extrovert . even if it makes me uncomfortable , i'll do it . that's often when i'll make myself dolled up as well . saw this post in the intp's section , and thought i'd make it for us too . something i find myself saying often . if that makes any sense .. i don't like when my best friends ignore me , but i'm usually content with the loneliness so long as i have music . i'm considered weird , usually , and i don't like to be the center of attention so i ... repo ! genetic opera soundtrack . schizophrenia , severe anxiety , multiple personality disorder , post traumatic stress disorder , depression , anorexia ( binge purge subtype . ) 454018 second one . i don't take a lot of pictures as i criticize every single one of myself . this one is a few weeks old . apparently i have resting sad-face , or resting bitch-face . the latter ... sometimes we have to realize that our expectations are unworldly at times , although it is very much possible to fall in love as an infj . i didn't think it possible , nor did i really worry about it , ... being a healer myself , my healer has become anorexia . i'm so at peace with the damage it gives me , and the feelings it conceals . i have a family , but here i am , allowing it to consume me . does anyone ... gotta love the internet , eh ? : frustrating : i always get so embarrassed . 4w5 or 5w4 or 5w6 . that's what they had put for me ? i'm so lost with these . these things always bother me , because they need scenario's . my own little world is clean , not my house or room . not that it's in horrible condition , but i don't mind . awww , goodnight . when someone tells me i'm wrong , i disagree and take it personally . i'll either be silent about it or i'll speak my mind ( if it's someone i love and am close to them . ) never do i change my idea's - - ... all the time . recently i got in contact with my ' angry self ' . it frightened me . i relate to this so much it hurts . i often really question if we are as rare as people believe . then again , this is the internet . faith will keep you in the light . i have it too - - so i know all will be alright . feeling it right now . i've attempted , but in ways i knew wouldn't really kill me ... guess i know the consequence ... and it's not worth all of the chaos . so i stay , with the suicidal ... thank you ! - hugs tighly . ; 😊 nooo . : unsure : why do i say the wrong thing ? i hate i make someone more upset or angry . makes me question why i even get on boards . i hate being social with a bunch of people . : crying : i hate when i say the wrong thing . i couldn't get the words out right . i get giggles out of these , then i'm always waiting in the background until someone actually takes offense . it's going to happen , just watch . : unsure : it's a journey , yes . i think everything is really coming into picture now . i do feel i am more infj . just our unique thoughts , how hard it is to relate to most , and how much we go inside of our ... : frustrating : gahh , i think my lack of sleep makes it harder to accept . brain hurts so much . but thanks so much though . thank you . : blushed : don't ! your nature is beautiful . i have a best friend who is a infp and she is one of the most beautiful souls i know . we get along so well . she has beautiful insights on things and is so ... all i need is to complete my state boards for nursing , otherwise i completed the written part of the class . unfortunately i got sick , and the harsh criticism of classmates , and my teacher made me ... '