' i haven't entered this place for a while ... a long while ... i really need to take this out of my chest .. and i'm feeling lonely maybe ( crazy idea ) teling this to my computer and a bunch of strangers ... i have been one week in usa ... it is really different i have spent a lot of money .. in here i have to take bus hahah something i don't do in my country ... yes i may sound spoiled ... sorry but iam not ... i'm in the airport ... i will be leaving my country for 3 months ... to study to usa ( university of miami ) ... i ´ m scared and excited =) hahahaha this is the first time someone has ever told me i suck ... @_ @ ... mmm ( i can't believe it ) ... i don't think i suck at all ! ! ! maybe u suck ! ! ! well it was not my intention to make u feel ... i can't believe it .. it has been a year since i registered in here ... i remembered i was so depressed ... so hopeless .. and my identity seeker side took over me and i became obsses about knowing ... lol ... i do the sameee ... . sometimes i just want to be on my own with my thoughts ... mmm i don ´ t think it is rude ... sometimes we just need our space , that is not mean .. i use my ipod to avoid ... hasenj i do think the same that gohan is an infp ... he was my favorite character =) i think i ´ m like him though i'm a girl nice video =) blissfuldreams yes i am definitely demisexual ... ! i research a little more and i fit the concept a person who identifies as a demisexual does not experience primary sexual attraction but does ... blissfuldreams you have made me think that maybe i am asexual ... if i haven't read your message i would never realized it ... i believe i will remain as one until the day i fall in love ... blues have distinct preferences and have the most controlling personality . their personal code of ethics is remarkably strong and they expect others to live honest , committed lives as well . they ... i just want to tell you i love how you think ... it is really similar to what i have lived .. and continue living ... my friends have been really important to me ... thanks to them i feel less weird we ... i ´ m just like that ... with my family and friends i ´ m totally different .. sometimes i am even the center of attention ... i can be really funny .. and do crazy things ... i just feel really comfotable ... yes you are right when you read a book you can imagine everything as you pleased . claudine was on the show but for a short period .. then she was killed je but you can also watch it on internet ... it ... alcide is alsooo really cute =) i think the same i liked the previous seasons more ... don ´ t know why ... i haven't read the books .. i don't think i will find them in my city ... hehe but i would love ... it's something i would say ... so i think infp one of my best friends is pregnant ... when i find out i cried a loot .. it really hurt me .. she is 23 years old ... and this was her first real relationship ( she had one when she was 14 but only saw ... i loveee true blood =) i still love bill <3 i know though he is kind of manipulative also when i saw eric i thought yumie :P i do a lot of these ... and also u can see me talking alone ... sometimes i think it's scary i believe that maybe one time i will forget it was just my imagination and starting believing it was ... sometimes i see myself as a little girl climbed in a tree with a book , watching everyone's life , taking notes from what they do , learning , analyzing them , predicting their decisions , just a simple ... i am feeling really lonely ... = o well she became sick since january .. she has a psychiatrist also she takes medicine for her deppresion .. she is not the same person she was before ... she was really strong like a rock , happy , sweet ... my first kiss was in a pool .. with the person i loved who was drunk : tongue :: blushed : i don't regret it .. i just think it is really funny and ironic ... well my family has money ... my parents have work really hard for it ... so i am a high status child ... money has never being an issue for me .. i have almost everything i want we had once money issues ... i love getting my way : wink : true goodbyes are the ones never said or explained ... reality sucks badly ! i hate facebook ... ! the photos ... status ... everything ... it can be so damn harmful ... : crying : and also people think they are super stars please get over it pd : i am such a loser i complain ... i have noticed that most fathers in here are istj ... is it a coincidence ? or is that type at more risk of becoming crappy parents ? pd : istj please don't take it personal i'm sorry that happened to you ... you really had a hard time ... i can't even imagine it ... i also look like my dad ... it is kind of ironic but hey that's life mmm maybe you father has a ... 1 . - did you have a strong father figure in your life when you were growing up ? mmm i think i did ... my father was rude and offensive and then was affective and wanted us to be warm .. but i just ... mmm well though time has passed since the last post ... i feel like opening a bit my relationship with my father is better now ... he made my childhood a nightmare ... he came to live with us ... i know ! i even cried one year later on the day he died and when i get nostalgic , i never knew the cause of my kitty's death i didn ´ t want to know , i just came to home ... and my sister crying told ... some people think we overeact ... but when it happens to you ... you understand how attached you can be to another being thanks : blushed : it was really awful ... everyone at home cried ... animals really become part of you familiy when my kitty died ... i cried until i fall asleep .. i couldn't stop crying i don't even remember at what moment i slept ... my mom she rocks a love her so much ! she is my rock and i admire her deeply : happy : though we fight a lot ( we are really different ) i do that a lot ... at my home with my friends ... i sing loudly i really don ´ t care i feel really free .. . and my family are used to that : crazy : pacific blue =) but i love all shades of blue infj 35 % extroverted , 37 % sensing , 43 % thinking , 32 % perceiving you seek meaning and connection in ideas , relationships , and material possessions , and want to understand what motivates people and ... no i don't like it ... i wish i was more practical and logical i have 2 half sisters they are 35 and 33 i think and a half brother he is 22 and i'm 23 and i have one little sister she is 22 ( so yes my family story is kind of a soup opera : bored :) yesterday i ... man is the measure of all things you need faith ! ! ! ps : mmm have u always being like this ? ? ? o . o by this i take it you mean handsome , witty , and extremely intelligent ? if so then yes , this ... this is really offensive ... i feel so naive ... i will never ever think that people would do something like it .. ( i feel like i live in a bubble : shocked :) there are even pictures mmm i don ´ t want ... i read the little mermaid ... it was so so sad ... and i felt really related ... i loved for many years in silence , and just being happy when he was happy despite the fact his happyness was with ... i'm scared of failure ! i want to kiss someone : blushed : ( i need bf ) for me it is impossible to kiss someone who i have no feelings for ... i need to be in love : happy : for someone who says it's not really interested in religion , u seem really eager about it o . o at least u made me laugh with ur comment ´ flying spaghetti monster ' but u are sooo ... maybe it's because it's not my native language u misunderstand me or maybe u have that idea stick in ur head that all religious people think we are better than others and well i ' m not the case .. ! i ... i wonder what they must be dreaming ? ? chocolate is like my vital food but even if i shouldn't eat it that much : frustrating : yes i think it may be the fault of too much vampire movies .. ! u_u '