' yea i should have adressed i just meant in public schools . i live in a wealthy area and my high school was in the top 1 % of the nation ( which i'm implying would mean lower level schools would also be ... very interesting i never thought of it that way . that is also very true i would imagine it wouldn't be possible until technology advances to the point where work isn't really necessary to live but ... i have a sort of theory on what society values and how emotional abuse is tied into it . generally society values what is good for it . there are alot of things our society values but i will only be ... 1 ) is your desk often messy ? almost always i've had neat streaks before but they generally don't last longer than a month or so 2 ) are you having problems finding the energy to clean your ... yea i think his point is that they wasted all that money and time to figure that out don't let all those social influences of what you are supposed to be like or what you should enjoy get to your head ! those social influences are only there because of our culture in other cultures ... the biggest differences i see is in how you try to connect / flirt with people entp's are always asking random questions trying to connect with you enfp's they seem to flirt more with banter etc ... i think function strength tests are more of level of ego identification with the particular function rather than strength i think we as people are a lot less individual than we would like to believe . ehh i feel like getting in those relationships won't last long term . i think her point is that it is irrelevant . stupid and smart are just point of views as with all labels . from my impressions it seems at this age i'm 19 and most of the enfp's i've met are too is that you guys get caught up in the premade social attitudes created by the masses rather than stepping ... if were to be asked out any way which way would give the person asking you out the highest chance of success ? speaking a little then they just directly ask you out ? no speaking just directly ... i believe just trying to engage with the world more and eventually things will even out again if you try to work out your problems most of the extraverted types i have seen the reason that they are ... excerpt from a book i'm reading i thought was interesting writer annie murphy paul gives a good summary of this dynamic . at the mangement level , she concludes , conflicts that may be rooted in ... i saw socionics rates relations of duality highest for long term success however , in my opinion this would never work for types who have a dominant perception process n / s , however , relations of ... haha probably the most ignorant thing i have ever heard i'm positive he's nfj probably i he definitely has ni and fe this is out of the following book personality : critical concepts in ... - google books i started reading somewhere around page 331 . it's $ 1730 on amazon ! i quoted the parts that were taken ... it's just an example . she is correct . ne and ni are creative functions of course it depends on what grounds you define creativity but in general i would define it as using your imagination . ... i read a scientific article comparing the way your brain works relating with your cognitive functions . basically the article said that in certain areas of your brain electricity flows with much less ... if it is i wonder which parts and to what degree the environment can have an effect on . such as what if you had super controlling parents and it sort of influenced you into becoming a p all though it ... just because an extroverted person acts introverted does not change the fact that they are extroverted . they may be self conscious and not like social attention at the moment but that does not mean ... i feel like it is bad to make a list and better to go with your intuition on these things . one thing i thought was funny relating to this was that i saw a list of traits entp's find attractive and ... when your describing ni i believe this is more a representation of ne . ni is sort of an outside the box but inside the box function that combines different things in reality together . it could be ... gotcha i was thinking that's what you were implying but i wasn't sure . i think s's are very aware of body language and demeanor . i'd say ni is pretty unobservant about body language in general unless they've read a book on it they just get vibes having no clue where ... this isn't fair there aren't very many of us ! be careful with that confirmation bias ! interesting theory . i'm actually somewhat familiar with nlp . very interesting connection ( s ) you made . my first thoughts were that you can only probably only align the n / s functions with the 4 nlp ... oh stumbleupon.com is probably the greatest thing ever heres a couple fun with piercings at kontraband - stumbleupon funny : look at this dog ( pic ) | daily dawdle - stumbleupon ... china will soon be on that list i don't think china as of right now has had much influence though everything nobody else finds funny . i always notice and laugh at the wierdest things . i also constantly create conversations with other people in my head and just start randomly smiling or laughing ... i think it'd be awesome to have your own little kid . i'm gonna train my little kid like sean's dad in psych . love it . not enough characters sooo you think your right but i'm right . my opinions on all of this is just that people take religion way to literally they don't bother to look at the main reasons why religion was actually created many thousands of years ago . i think ... ne is pretty simple imagine all of the things you do with ni inside your head except now their outside in the real world . thinking what if can help you grasp it . examples : my examples are pretty ... i agree type shouldn't be used to discount someone . i do have to say chances are pretty high that i'd end up with an n though . and i do find myself quite attracted to enfp's and entp's . haha i haven't updated my facebook status for over a year . i've turned off my chat permanently too . i don't get estj males at all we never get along , however , i do like female estj's we seem to get along pretty decent . i get along with one entj male but the other one i know hates my guts he seems ... oh boy .. well i would probably rank 10 . i only turn it on if i actually need it now and have lost a huge amount of competitive drive but when i was younger it was constantly on . if i decided i ... when i was little i used to run around everywhere ( restaurants / mall / etc ) and make stupid faces or do weird things to people i didn't know until they laughed . i would die for attention . there are ... haha i'm majoring in computer information systems too ( plus psychology probably the most random combination ever ) , i give off the t-vibe too i think people say i show no emotion damn though it ... no problem ! ! i can tell we think alike from the way you interpreted what i posted ! p . s . - just message me and i can help guide you even further ! haha . haha i didn't mean it arrogantly just ... if you find mbti / cognitive functions you would probably find this interesting . it could very well be one of the most important psychological theories of the entire century . it is not a typology ... just a book recommendation for any one who's interested check it out if you like amazon.com : igniting inspiration : a persuasion manual for visionaries (9781419654 831 ): john marshall roberts : books believe me i definitely see your point . however , with this situation i think you have to look at it logically . the reason there is starvation is because of overpopulation . there area is not built to ... i liiikke it . i've always had the idea that eventually we will become so advanced technologically that we will only be left to ascend . i have to say though i agree with my entj friend as bad as it ... yea i think people are saying patterns and making connections are different things but they are the same . i think you are correct . i agree . it seems like your psychic however , what we don't realize is that our psychic visions are only coming from our knowledge . now that i've learned mbti in a good amount of depth i am beginning ... '