' i still don't know if he's friendzoned me or just trying to put me on hold due to a health crisis in the family . ? ? ? big mystery ! but i can't continue like this . this article resonates with me ... it appears that he is staying in his hometown for the time being due to his father's health . i don't know if it would ever have turned into a relationship in the long run just because i can't ... i think we need to hear this story ! ! ! ( if you're willing to share : kitteh :) if the isfp and infp trust each other and are emotionally close then they can absolutely have a great physical relationship . if the situation was an infp and an isfp who were essentially strangers ... if you have a sensor to take the lead on the physical aspect and keep your mind in the present , it goes just fine ;-) sure , if i could tap into a strong emotion about something ... i second the recommendation for your money or your life . to me , money represents independence . making enough to live on and enough to contribute to savings / retirement is very important to me .  ... * bump * i'm really picky . also , the normal dating methods don't work for me because i tend to move too slowly for most personality types . this reminds me that i should bump up the how did you meet your ... sex is pretty important for keeping a relationship together . it sounds like you've tried communicating and she just isn't as adventurous as you . i would end it now so that both you and she have the ... i majored in economics for my bachelor's degree . then i got a master's degree in health policy . i'm pretty happy with my choices in studies . i think public policy ( which is where political ... just adding an update--the isfp sent me an email at 3 in the morning to say that he spent the holidays in his hometown , came back to [ our current town ] but now has to unexpectedly return to his ... no matter what the pairing of types , the descriptions always sound like the most f * cked up relationship ever . either way co-depedent , or one partner running the show , or both partners completely ... well it's dec 29 , so all will be revealed in a week or so . i will come back and update for posterity . so much conflicting advice , but i know that , for me , if i am doing too much work or chasing , i ... he isn't the kind of guy who wants a lot of attention from women he isn't interested in . i doubt he would have said we should check in after new years and find a time to get together if he wasn't ... yes , frustrating ! and forcing me to unlearn years and years of stereotypical dating advice . if this ever works out between us , i will name my first-born child after you , ferroquinologist ! posting my update as promised . the isfp contacted me after thanksgiving to share a video of me playing my piece that he edited . it was a nice gesture and he didn't have to do that . he also told me ... as a veteran of the mid - 30s online dating scene , i second this . at first glance , i come across as feminine , caring and a good listener . in one on one situations , most men seem to appreciate this ... hmm , i'm not sure i agree with this . when i meet someone interesting , i want to be around them and observe them for a bit but i will have some level of uncertainty in order to protect myself . at ... being kind and geniune , having similar values as me . not pushing too hard in the beginning , giving me space to get to know you . at the same time , being reliable and consistent and not flaking on ... my 18 year old self would be pretty horrified that i've decided to live in the same area for the next 20 years or so . also , that i will likely stay with the same large employer until i'm 55 . but ... oh i see that people are talking about political conservatism , rather than having a hard time with risk-taking in your personal life . my political beliefs have stayed center left , although they ... now that i'm in my 30s , i have a lot more to lose than when i was a teen or in my 20s . for example , i have a career that i've established , a 401k and hopefully will have enough savings to buy a house ... i joined the corporate work world in my mid - 20s and also started a relationship with an intj . both of these factors helped me become more of a thinker and make decisions more easily . however , when ... i am in a very similar situation as you ( infp interested in isfp ) and have already spewed my situation all over this message board . the preference for actions rather than words is key . does he do ... i used to be like this when i was in my teens and early 20s . i put people on a pedestal and assumed that they couldn't possibly be attracted to me and would just laugh if they were aware of my crush ... i had no luck with online dating , but apparently it worked for 11 % of infps . it was useful to meet lots of different types of people and figure out what actually worked / didn't work . glad she took that the right way : kitteh : if i were you , i would just warn her in advance about your plan . even if she says she would be ok with an overdramatic gesture , make it clear it would also be a very public overdramatic gesture . we ... oh dear lord , please don't do this ! ! ! if this woman is a infp , she will die of embarrassment . i could see an extraverted person being flattered by a public gesture like this , but trust me , it would ... i need my partner to tell me nice things . i am definitely a words of affirmation person ! i also need to be taken to lovely natural places and to be kissed . hmm , i need to find a boss like that ! or stop working in healthcare , which is female-dominated . ah extroverts ! i wouldn't have a clue how to do this .. i have walls , but i consciously work on breaking them down and trying to become more vulnerable . life is short and i want a select group of people to truly know me . but this is something i actively ... i am currently kinda sorta trying to get into a relationship with a isfp . i am really attracted to how present he is when he is talking to me or playing a musical instrument . this is definitely ... yup , me too . no friends with benefits for me - - too many feelings . so overwhelming ... i will add that in the near stranger / very casual situations , i just want to leave immediately afterwards , no ... i dated an isfp for 6 years and lived together with him for 4.5 years . we were together for most of my late 20s / early 30s . we talked seriously of marriage , but ended up breaking up because i wanted ... i've had the experience of meeting two separate men and thinking i need to get to know this person ! . it wasn't necessarily sexual - - i just really wanted to spend time around them , hanging out and ... i suspect the bar / club / pick up joint option is going to be the lowest . i hate those sort of places ! i am very curious how infps meet their long term partners / spouses . please feel free to reply with more details and how we met stories . ok , so that's the key - - you want to avoid a situation where isfp starts imagining worst case scenarios and talks themselves out of the potential relationship ? sorry to hijack the thread , but could ferroequinologist describe the difference between giving some time / space for isfps to process feelings and waiting too long ? are there any rules of thumb here ? ... all right , all right , the isfp board has convinced me to give it one last try ! i will wait a week or two after thanksgiving so he has space to process and then suggest meeting for lunch on a ... thanks for talking me off the ledge and encouraging patience . i suppose he feels that he's acknowledged receipt of the thank you note and now he's off processing it . if i contacted him in say , 2-3 ... here's an update / vent . on saturday , i actually ran into the guy on the street . it was so random . i didn ’ t recognize him until he was close by and he was talking on his cell phone , and i was ... i am an infp and i think the difference between us and isfps is that our heads are often in the clouds and we simply don't notice our surroundings ( and the people in them ) as much . i try not to ... thanks so much for the feedback ! glad to hear others think that there are some kind of signals going on and it isn't all in my head . we're roughly the same age and there is no formal institution or ... the scenario - - infp female , isfp male mid - 30s . we've been involved in the same music related activity for the past 6 months . at first he was a bit shy and awkward around me ; although he did ask ... oh yes , this . unless this woman has way , way , way more free time than i do , i probably wouldn't spend that much of my free time doing nice things for someone i saw as a platonic friend only . for platonic ... '