' i wonder ... do you think that it has the roles of the functions correct , but the ordering wrong ? my si , for example , is much weaker than i understand a tertiary should be . i have virtually no grasp ... the function stack for an infj in mbti is ni , fe , ti , se the function stack for the equivalent of an infj in socionics ( infp ? ) is ni , fe , si , te obviously , these can't both be right . i was ... if other people knew about mbti , do you think they would be able to peg you as an infj ? infjs are known for wearing masks , so i wouldn't be surprised if most of us act like other mbti types . ... me : infj mother : infj father isfp brother : isfp sister : infj sure . it's all on a spectrum . i wouldn't trust anyone who asserts rigidity in a theory like this . i think you're probably right . you see a lot more infps mistyped as infj than the other way around . i would agree that the most important part would be n > s . a huge part of philosophy is abandoning things you take for granted , which includes the validity of information coming from your senses . ... oh , you mean a personalitycafe ;) i agree that there should be experts to help figure out types , but it can't be mandatory . if every person had to go through a panel to attend , it would get really congested . i also think that it ... mistakenforstranger you make a good point , but i'm still not sure . i don't see how manipulation could stem from a function that takes in information . sure , he uses his aura of ni as a tool to ... i don't see te in him . i think he's too manipulative ( fe ) to be an intj . i don't see michael as being an exfj . i think he's pretty clearly ne-fi ( enfp ) . if he had fe ( especially dom ) , i think he would be able to perceive that others find him annoying and change his ... sorry for necroposting . i'm not too far in with him , but do you think it's possible that he could be an infj ? we're not all good , you know . fair enough , i should have differentiated . however , i think it's reasonable to say that the republican party largely represents the face of american conservatism , being the more conservative party ... zoobicknizer of course there are problems on both sides of the spectrum , but it would be unrealistic to claim that the blame is equal . as far as corruption , major politicians on both sides are ... i may sound like an asshole ( oh well ) , but if you really are a trump supporter you should be terrified to mention it . you have a lot of nerve suggesting other people are unintelligent if you ... okay so this article fi in infjs | stellar maze says that fi is strong as an id function in infjs . some of this site is sketchy with astrology and whatnot , but i find some of its posts very ... extremely helpful , thank you ! i always darted whenever i saw this site because of the whole astrology thing . but , having read that , i can't express how spot on it is . it explains everything , ... ni is our dom function and si is at the bottom of our shadow stack , so i would venture to say looking at the past is not an infj's default setting . but for the past year and a half or so , my ni has ... apparently it's pretty common for infjs to put on masks in public ( aux fe ) . do / have any of you out there ever put on the mask of being a different type ? i did this even before i learned about the ... hello 4s , it's pretty commonly said that 4s feel like they're missing something , and that they spend a lot of time trying to figure out what that something is . it may take a while , but they ... kerik_s that's a good point . but there are also a lot of people out there who do suffer from mental illness , but haven't yet gotten a diagnosis . i knew i was depressed and had anxiety long before ... wednesday mermaid if we're going to be picky ... most of that sounds right , except for the bit about psychopaths and struggling with emotions . where sociopaths might exhibit some immature , stunted ... okay , i know some people are lying . aspd is basically the same thing as sociopathy . i really doubt you guys are sociopaths . test ... i'm not asking for personal advice , i'm asking for thoughts on the relationship between intuition and the five things they talked about in the article ( specifically the first ) . to clear up , i should say that i wasn't taking a jab at sensing intelligence at all . i have the utmost respect for it , especially since i'm so bad at it . the type of intelligence i'm thinking of ... this link talks about how fluid intelligence can be increased : you can increase your intelligence : 5 ways to maximize your cognitive potential - guest blog - scientific american blog network if ... take off that mask you wear for other people . who are you , really ? nox right , so i would say that an infj coming to the conclusion that their plastic nature is part of their identity would be the correct conclusion given their actual functions . what i'm saying is ... marduk i'm basing this on my own experiences ; there aren't really enough infjs in the wild to observe , much less to gather support for a theory as specific as this . it might help to differentiate ... marduk i think your analysis of the functions in question is spot on and very insightful - but we're talking about them as they behave in different states . maybe i didn't make it clear , but i'm ... mystikro hm , interesting . i wonder if a change in environment that's drastic enough could trigger an ni-ti loop ? like , as a last-ditch attempt to hold onto the ideals of the previous environment . ... windblownhair right , i'm not saying that our entire identity will be defined by our environment . but i think that for fe users it kind of seeps into our thoughts and we get very confused about ... hey , i have a theory , based on my own experiences , on how fe responds to change in a previously constant environment . if fe is immersed in one environment for long enough , the values of that ... i have a theory , based on my own experiences , on how fe responds to change in a previously constant environment . if fe is immersed in one environment for long enough , the values of that ... undoubtedly , there is a lot of room for difference between two people of the same type . you get that with a theory that groups humanity into 16 segments . i was wondering , though ... is there usually ... zooxanthellae mystikro is offering completely sound advice . i'm pretty sure that by feminism is just poison he means the kind that advocates for women > men . he literally says equal rights are a ... oh , hey you . i came across this text post on tumblr the other day - infjs : artists who think they can be scientists . it really hit home . i feel like throughout almost my entire school ... 4 is a prominent enneatype among infjs , but it seems like 4 at its core is a type for fi users . how can the two be reconciled , if infjs are fe users ? hey , can somebody post a link or provide real evidence that cognitive functions are real and scientifically valid ? the only evidence i ever hear for them is anecdotal . i've seen a plethora of ... hi , i'm doing some research on instinctual variants and whatnot , but i can't really figure out which i am ; i identify with them all on some level . i'll break down my reaction to each one ... ^ this i'm no expert , but i think that the weak and whiny stereotype probably stems from the misguided idea that feelings are for the weak . since it's generally thought that infps feel feels the ... flamingo * hugs * i like to peruse arguments on the validity of mbtt , just to keep my perspective fresh . usually , the counterargument comes out stronger , but the debunking never stops . so as the conflict rages ... i think that you are probably still a j . even though your philosophy affects your demeanor to make it more p-ish , the internal dialogue is that of a j . your behavior is a result of some hard ... not very . in other news , happy first post ! welcome to perc . pretty much . at least , that's what i strive for . my style also tends to be very straightforward and clear , even if i'm delivering some sort of absurdist joke . i think that may be why people ... geonerd her mother is very messy , so maybe that does have something to do with it . and she is a natural leader ... still though , i get kind of strong p vibes from her ... i think . she's somewhat flaky geonerd she may well be some weird variation of a j , but i don't think so . you should see her room . she's currently in high school . '