' yeah , that is a good way to put it . oh , that's exactly what i was getting at , though . just because you have a high sex drive doesn't mean those feelings are without a desire for some context . i can relate to your plight lol . this might be a bit deep and personal but ... meh i've noticed a lot of people with wildly different views of their own sexuality . some are more detached and mechanical about it and for others , sex ... i am atheist / agnostic ... something of that type but genuinely disinterested in religion . 264522 2645 30 264538 how do you post a full sized image ( rather than a thumbnail ? ) 240714 oh , it is for me as well . i love to learn about cultures ( my original major was cultural anthro ) but i tend to translate ideas into art or short journalistic pieces . i am 50 % expressive and 50 % ... if i could just be paid to travel and soak up the atmosphere of every place i visited , eat the food , experience and learn about the culture , while writing about my experience ... i would wish for life ... 9w4 ... is that even possible ? i also score highly on 5 and 7 . that truly is the dream : laughing : if nobody is around , i straight up dance . no shame , i took years of modern dance , so i can dance to s * * * like sigur ros , haha i have this fear too . i started cutting my own hair . let's just say i have a service job at a certain well established coffee chain that shall remain nameless . people seem to think i'm personable and outgoing and i love talking to and observing ( in a ... a t-shirt from a dance production i was in years ago an emerald colored beaded bracelet fuzzy warm blue socks and at the risk of tmi , no bottoms because i just got off work , am by myself and hate ... i wouldn't think so . i meet gay guys all the time because i have a disproportionate amount of gay male friends lol and i wouldn't type most as infp , except for one ( great sample size , i know ) . ... uh ... i still do that sometimes . and sometimes i'll think of something funny that happened hours or even days ago and will laugh at the most awkward time . sometimes i try to hold them in but then i ... i guess we become more type a when really digging into that te . i'm very type b , though , for better or for worse . i think you could argue that compassion is actually logical . my original major was in anthropology ( before switching to ecology ) , so if i dug up my old notes i could probably defend that notion ... when you are walking around your back yard brainstorming for a class project and are so lost in thought trip over a giant branch face first into a pile a leaves . when you are walking down a ... i can be logical but when i let it take precedence over what my heart says and just try be analytical about everything , i actually become anxious and depressed . i don't think it is the fact that ... i would like to say i want to change the world but i just want to save myself first ... er ... well get to the point where my ego doesn't keep me from being who i truly am . i drink coffee sometimes when i'm really dragging but i mostly drink tea because i don't always do the best with caffeine and i try to get enough sleep as to not need it . although it doesn't always ... 6am bed hair selfie .. 237850 i don't know about you guys but i'm a laugh riot i only really get visibly angry with people i know really well and am comfortable with . otherwise , i just get really quiet and melt down internally . am emerald green , fuzzy pullover sweater and black skinny jeans . i think i need to get into pajamas but it's so cold , i don't want to change . i guess i'd be agnostic . i'm not religious but i find things like native american religions and taoism interesting . just a little personal story to elucidate on that idea , the summer after my first year of college i went on a very small group ecology trip to brazil . we were on the edge of a village of a native ... tina belcher steals the show . that sounds like a good combination . i just started reading picture of dorian gray . i love wilde's writing style . daisuk no worries , it's nothing major . i was just reminded i probably need to return to school . not 100 % or anything but rather have you seen a musician or celebrity or whomever and found yourself wanting to emulate somewhat . like for a week , i tried to adapt an awkward , dead pan type aubrey ... i think i need to mentally separate my practical skills from my artistic ambitions . it's probably a bad sign that this thread is literally making me anxious lol i'm all about the right to self-expression , so i obviously don't think anyone should be shamed for dressing the way they want . i tend to completely agree with the post above . it's absurd ( when ... a lavendar-ish colored t-shirt and patterned leggings and blanket cause my apartment is virtually uninsulated . i'm not sure i pursue any physical activities merely for the exercise aspect , tbh . for instance , i got in the habit of hiking when i was an ecology student and now i do it just to clear my head ... i'm just lucky to live in a city with good public transit . impromptu dancing at home used to be a large source of my caloric output lol . however , now i have roommates and tone it down , so as to not to make them think i'm weird ... or , ya know , start a dance ... heh , sorry i was geeking out watching a documentary and it reminded me of when i wanted to be a marine biologist as a kid . anyone else have an eerie , fascination with the deep sea ? it's vast , mysterious and largely uncharted . the deeper you go into it , the darker and colder it gets ... and life slowly begins to look more ... i'm a yogi , so yes ! yes , i love it . i have learned to cook out of necessity but now i cook almost every meal i eat . no ! i am laying on a table which is probably more awkward lol bookish guys and facial hair . as far as what gets me literally aroused , sleeping naked . seriously , bare skin + cool sheets = yesplz . also , being a nudist around my apartment when my roommate is ... i could've done better if i weren't such a procrastinator . i would always get in a pinch and freak out . i meditate every morning now . i've only been doing it for a couple of months but i came to it kind of out of desperation because of anxiety attacks . meditation , painting ... and music although , as the person above me said , nothing beats a massage if you have a significant other . i'm not even sure where to begin : well i have a weird tendency to read things like street signs backwards , not because i'm dyslexic or anything , it's just a weird habit . i don't use shampoo , i ... i ride a bike or walk . i don't even own a car right now :/ '