' every second person : you're not normal me : what is normal ? high school was pretty horrific for me . after being home-schooled in year 7 ( two nfp parents who decided that home-schooling was a great idea only to realize that it was too hard after 12 months ) , ... 65394 65395 dang ! gifs not working ! 65306 from a coupla years ago ; me on the left , michael from the yves klein blue on the right http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nksTXmu1UAg i've developed a pretty good internal gauge and can determine very quickly if someone is girlfriend material ( for me ) or not . my friends say my standards are unrealistic and that i'm scared and , in ... i got infp . i don't think i've ever met an infp woman :( check this one out : http://www.apm.org.uk/sites/default/files/Jim_Penman_fun_quiz.pdf ralph wiggum , ffs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jcu1AHaTchM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYsnPNBg7j0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnicZDvKyzU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuVgUOh_R0M i'm just going to leave this here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df2K91QSqJE i think infps tend to me more spiritual without necessarily being religious . i've always had a pretty broad range of mates when it comes to personality types . i put this down to being quite balanced in all of my functions ( i think my strongest is perceiving 65 % - judging ... saw this film on tv late one night when i was about to go to bed , absolutely loved it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6ulRrZnOP4 i like being in the forever alone club , because i like being in control of my own destiny . it's well within one's grasp to find an enjoyable career , hobby or life-pursuit or even a good circle of ... sometimes i wonder that too ; then i realize that i've only ever dated the wrong types of people . aim for someone who brings out the best in you , not the worst * * easier said than done a lot of the time i genuinely feel sorry for the villains , like in gladiator when joaquin phoenix's father passed on caesarship to russell crowe instead of his son . exactly the same with me . i try and explain this to the ones who get upset with me for correcting them , but it never goes down well :( i just have to keep my pedantry to myself i do it all the time ; it's actually quite a big problem for me and i'm really working on toning it down that's good that she's removed these friends from her life . man , people can be such assholes . i went through a similar thing in my early 20s and what helped me to get past the resentment was to ... mum is an infp mum's partner is an istj dad is an enfp stepmum is an entj i don't particularly like any of them . dad is an extreme ( 100 % ) extrovert pretending to be a thinker ; he craves ... i definitely prefer to do the chasing but there's no hard and fast rule on it for me . that said , most of the girls who have pursued me ; i haven't been interested in , and , being an infp , it can be ... hell yes ! sure . i'm a horny bastard and find a lot of women sexually attractive without wanting to become romantically involved with them . far out , you poor thing ! there really should be some sort of social club / sanctuary created for all the infps in every major city all over the world . the problem with kim jong was that he was the smartest , most clever , most physically fit ; but nobody else seemed to realise it . i'm not sure i qualify for this thread because i'm alone but not lonely d ( ^ . ^ ) b i just turned 30 in january and i'm a single dad with 50-50 shared care of my daughter with my ex . what this means is ... i'd probably chat-up a few guys that i know who are shy and have low self-esteem , just to make them feel better about themselves god spirituality love intimacy sex family mates music self-sacrifice kids it does ? not that i've noticed . maybe you're hanging-out in the wrong places . at any rate , i've become quite good at making douchebags look like , well , douchebags . most balanced people don't like ... simply stunning . rape me , my friend fair point . although i think the fact that he wouldn't go against his ideal ( never taking a life ) , even past the point of allowing a loved one to die in order to maintain it , is a pretty big ... my old man is an enfp and a very strong extrovert ( think 100 % ) , he often laments this and says he wishes he was at least a little more introverted as being alone drives him mad . that said , he quite ... you can have the neck beard , but i get to keep the hat ... mj , at his core , was a performer , and yet he was so clearly an introvert ; his whole persona smacks of isfp . i remember watching footage of him , straight after he had been cleared of child ... when i was rocking a neck beard haha : 63254 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=WibmcsEGLKo isfp / j i reckon ; he was a virgo right ? great song ! i adore bss . tame impala - i'm just a little obsessed with this band atm . here's a song written for all the infps : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGVY6pqXcF8 ... you feel overwhelmed at the prospect of reading through any of the threads on this forum longer than 3 pages . amen to that ! in answer to the initial question : i think i'd be more introverted , if anything . interacting with posers and phonies kissing ass day-in day-out exhausts me enough as it is in this ... kanye west = isfj i'd pick him as an infj . he's driven to dedicate his entire life to an ideal this is it . i think the whole educational / corporate world is definitely geared towards the sensers , particularly the sjs , who were the type of kids who would thrive in the structured classroom ... i've been told that my default facial expression is one of mild disgust . i can empathize with the op , although i'm changing as i get older . when i was younger i would try and see a different band every week which would mean i would often have to fly solo ; i'd love ... i love how we can so effortlessly see the good and beauty in people ; where others find people weird and unfashionable , we find them interesting and charming . i love it when i'm told that i have an ... if i didn't have my daughter to care for i'd probably be doing something quite similar to what christopher mccandless did ( well , ideally without the whole starving to death thing ) except in the ... when you , as a kid , would : - feel sorry for the toys that you didn't play with as much and would then play with them to make them feel better . - lay awake in bed at night while it was raining , ... 1 . aquarius 2 . many would consider being an infp a personality disorder ... but aside from that , i had mild adhd as a child but grew out of it by my preteens ... '