' intj or istj definitely ! urghhh of course not ! i can sing josh groban's songs very well ;-) i think this is so us ! go infjs ;) i'm from eastern culture , but still feel very annoyed ! i don't care if the food tastes 3 star michelin , you can still appreciate it with 101 other ways . that's me .. and for sex , well it's a total ... i'm curious if there's any pattern here as an infj ... well for me the most disgusting thing is when people make loud noise slurping noodles or soup .. second , people who just got to know me for a ... i'm sort of a marketing strategist , i do research among consumers and make an analysis based on it . so far i like my job , it's not really hardcore psychology ( which to me is quite draining ) , at the ... i once wrapped my leftovers ( it was still plenty of good food ! ) , drove my bike around the blocks - - trying to find homeless people , and finally gave it to an old lady sitting on pavement . to see her ... what are you like ? hmm ... i'm curious and looking fwd to make friends . what are you like ? hmm .. i'm curious and looking fwd to make friends . how about these ? ? you should think of combination of passion and demand of the industry . i have a finance background and i hate every minute of the work . after working in finance for 2 years , i decided i've had ... you're imperfectly perfect . i love you just the way you are . you have to watch he's just not that into you :D :D :D i understand exactly how you feel . i've also had some disappointments , some major ones . but you know what , i still want to achieve my wants and dreams . it doesn't stop me to do things i want to do in ... this is indeed a boring conversation ! ( and superficial for me ) . same here ! at least there was some sort of connection to some point . i've never seeked sex purely for sex , so i don't exactly know how it feels . but i think after you mention the effect , i won't ... seriously ? for me , at least i masturbate if there's no one i can have it with . but well , it's me ... i'm curious about how you guys look at sex ? do you possibly have less sex than the other types - because we infjs view sex as something more - or it's just i-can-have-it-anytime-i-have-the-urge ... leo / virgo cusp with aries moon . with some conflicting aspects , can be quite confusing sometimes . i'm an infj and some said that enfp is infj's natural partner . here's something a fellow infj wrote about ourself : - at the parties and social gatherings look for people who are a bit aloof and ... hmmm ... i'm now thinking of french , swimming lessons ( a bit aqua-phobia ) , and archery lessons wow it's really as predicted : infjs are not some spur-of-the-moment people . hmm ... i wonder which mbti ... i know that we are much of a planner species . i'm just wondering what sort of things you guys ever did on the spur of the moment ( and it turned out to be so much fun ) ? cos i could use some fun right ... these are my favorites : life is not about waiting for the storms to pass ... it's about learning how to dance in the rain . unknown we can learn a lot from trees : they're always grounded but ... appa would be nice ! cute , tame , and he can fly you anywhere :) hahahahahahahaha . lolll :D :D :D :D zwanglos , the video is so funny ! lol . thanks ... have you guys seen this before ? the difference between the east and the west in pictures a wide angle view of india tell me what you think ... don't repress it , it would only make things worse . just let it flow through your mind , let it rise and let it be gone afterwards . i have one perfect lesson from a monk : our true self is as pure ... it's so like me ! currently i'm living in jakarta , indonesia . it's quite bad here , with 9.5 million people population you could imagine how polluted how chaotic it is . no reliable and decent ... yeah , me too . sjs tend to drive me crazy ! ( in a real horrible way ) - - as in the one you would spend the rest of your life with ? well i did care about good grades , studied hard , but also broke some rules , ditched class hahaha ( and it felt good to be bad sometimes ) . ridiculous rules ? just break them ! gosh , i love school ... well yeah ! with some minor adjustment . coz if you date someone exactly like you , each can't complement each strength and weakness . and oh i forgot , i should get a boyfriend ! haha this by far is the best response ( for me ) :D thanks ethanol ! i like this in particular --> a more long term solution is that i've set some goals for my life and pursue them . find something ... i'm just curious on how you guys deal with loneliness ? do you often feel lonely because of our introverted nature ? if i force myself to mingle , it almost always ends up with exhaustion , meanwhile ... 1 . read articles concerning my problems 2 . read the joy of living by mingyur rinpoche 3 . long sleep 4 . talk to your best friends and ask for advice 5 . watch shaun the sheep 6 . meditate 7 ... leo-virgo cusp ( aug 19-24 ) . bubbly leo vs melancholic virgo ... it's like a split personality ... phewww ! you're welcome , balderdash ^ _ ^ o my , i forgot dogs ! ! ! they're amazing creatures , aren't they ? ! 1 . helping someone with paper jam problem 2 . wrap up your decent edible leftover / buy some food and give it to the homeless 3 . caress and hug someone as if you are a giant pair of wings 4 . sit ... it seems that your mind has already created a pattern of distrust to others . i think if you keep thinking i can't trust others , well as the result you'll invite those who can't be trusted ! believe ... same here ... well written ! totally agree . i think many people still get it all wrong about meditation . it's not about forcing your mind to be quiet . it's not about finding a quiet place to do it . well yes ... 1000 % agree . this is exactly what i did couple of years ago with my sexuality . it's like a gust of fresh air if you could do that . what pisses you off about infj's ? emotion - the double edged sword - well , you're not alone dejavu , no worries :) i think even if we're labeled infj , that doesn't mean that we don't have an extroverted / sensing / thinking / perceiving sides . when you take the mbti ... i think what you have to do is to stop taking in too much of others opinion about you . if you're feeling wonderful and euphoric , so be it . if you somehow in the mood of becoming an egocentric ... mine : cs ( concrete sequential ) = 19 as ( abstract sequential ) = 26 ar ( abstract random ) = 26 cr ( concrete random ) = 28 i think harmony seeking idealist would be perfect for me . maybe with some additional : touchy feely creature with complex thoughts and mysterious attitude :D hey green coyote , i thought ... hi linus , same here ! i always make plans but a lot of times ended up with disappointment , then i read this powerful article on march's o magazine where oprah talked to thich nhat hanh ... people ... '