' they tried to diagnose my infp boyfriend with this when he was a child because he ignored instructions and stared out the window a lot . needless to say he doesn't actually have it . butterfingers is my nickname : blushed : . i unintentionally : hit people throw things too hard at people kick my boyfriend in unfortunate places drop things walk into things trip break things how do you feel you differ from other types in sexual terms - and do you have any anxiety about intimacy with new partners ? i'm answering this from the perspective of one who's had one partner . to ... i've always connected with infps . entp are ones i always argue with , you might call that chemistry , but meh not for me . enfps are good as casual friends but too wishy-washy for long-term commitment ... i still believe you're being slightly rude . your phrasing is confrontational . there are trends when it comes to type . impulsiveness and infj is not a typical thing . woah down . i only meant infjs are cautious . you ought really to explain yourself here . it's no secret that infjs are hard to please . goodness knows i've put my infp boyfriend of 1.5 years through the ropes , but that's my screening process . i accept nothing but the best . i know people ... 61999 they always remind me of puppies . adorable , sensitive , attentive to others , cute and easily distracted . gryffindor . fiery , impatient and passionate . sounds about right . how emotional they openly are . intj always strike me as rather moody and grumpy instead of having tears and shouting . i'm absent-minded , impractical , impatient and private . these things would drive me mad in my partner . i need someone to pick up the slack when i fail to exist outside my head . two mes would be ... i love my infp man :p roud : . he is more wonderful than he realises . who says you can't get a relationship ? ! you . but is it true - no . problem is girls who'll like you will probably be just as shy ... be selective of who's burdens you take on , is the best thing i can think of . telling you to turn off your feelings for others is impossible . you just have to learn to pick and choose the most ... wandering . just generally being unsure of where my life is going in terms of career choices . lost . would also work here . i have a hard time trusting people hence i do doubt my relationship sometimes . i get frustrated with myself because my boyfriend doesn't deserve to be doubted . sometimes i don't think infjs know how ... i use a mixture of all of those . the favourites ? acts of service and quality time . brilliant reading thank you very much . as a 1 who is definitely not an inflexible , neat-freak i quite agree with your findings . i find it peculiar how many infjs love enfps . i find them to be too flighty and airy-fairy , not lifelong partner material for me at all . every day , every hour , every minute , every second ... thank you for your kind words :p roud : know the feeling , i always appear cold , when i'm anything but . i find myself becoming more infj as i mature . i was inxj until about the age of 16/17 , very late i know . i'm in a eight month long sorta-serious relationship , not long-term , but i know he's the one for me so i hope my post is still useful . you're asking a lot here . infjs are prone to seeing all sides of ... you never really acted like a stereotypical teenager because you didn't see the appeal of it . from an infj perspective : i agree low self-esteem is quite possibly the biggest issue that infps have to deal with . often they may descend into coping mechanisms like alcohol drinking or shutting ... that people don't always act like i do . i therefore need to learn to compromise . totally yes . being in a group is something endure for the sake of others preferred type of socialisation . i prefer one-to-one . being in group tends to mean i vanish into the background . varies depending on who i with . people i am not comfortable with : quiet , low voice folded arms crossed legs like i'm closing in a myself blank expression an element of awkward avoidance ... an odd one to choose but i love the hunchback of notre dame . you need to use parts of yourself which are contrary to him to influence his behaviour . if an infp is a healthy content individual they can project this contentment on to their partner . i know my ... my insecurities and fears come out in my dreams . i once dreamed that there were many escaped hamsters in my kitchen that i had to capture . at that time in my life i had a lot on my plate in reality ... i can be very judgemental i just don't let on that i am these days , a few years ago though ... well i could be quite unpleasant if i thought someone was being silly . you agree to go to the pub with friends just to keep them happy , but end up sober staring into space waiting for a late enough time for it to be okay to leave while everyone around you gets drunk .. i'm infj 1w2 and it is certainly a problem for me sometimes . i often become the friend people come to during hard times . never am i the fun one to them . i find being invested in someone else's ... i have been more easy-going since being with him , but i do sometimes worry i hurt his ego by being too overpowering . in that case i believe we can put it down to the patience each person has for one another . i don't have patience for some nt qualities so it's probably why my beliefs are as they stand now . if you ... i got 87 % , oh dear .. explains why i hate nightclubs . entps tend to like me , but i don't return it . their abrasive sense of humour doesn't work with my sensitivity . sure nfs have chemistry with nts but it appears many nfs wouldn't be satisfied ... i'm bossy without even realising most the time . i usually see it as me simply being caring . : unsure : have you ever been alone in a crowded room when i'm here with you - dark blue , jack's mannequin i get this sensation a lot . i crave intimacy to be honest . i rarely want to be totally alone . any ... when no matter how many times someone has been a bad friend towards you still take them back in the hope that they have somehow changed ... to then again be proved wrong . you feel an affinity with ... sure can be true . just depends how ' healthy ' the person is . my infp has gone through a lot to become the individual he is now . i didn't know him during the difficult times , but i am proud of him for ... if it helps my infp hates it when i'm too enigmatic . i don't always say everything that's on my mind and it leaves him curious . sometimes curiosity leads to worry . an odd look and my face and he ... yes i do collect certain items . i have done ever since i was young . at the moment i collect beanie boos : http://www.tycollector.com/boos/boo-images/boos-uk-2nd.jpg see cute ... and so appropriate ... i think when one is with a male infp they have to accept that they will never be the macho estj that society expects . it depends entirely on what you're looking for from a partner . i am familiar with ... i think an infj-infp relationship is dependent on functional development . an infp with overwhelming fi would be too sensitive to the infj's often cutting sense of humour . likewise an infj with poorly ... i've been with a male infp seven months . the connection was immediately there . there was something about him , a spark . it's hard to explain . we met through a mutual friend at her birthday party and ... nope . sweet and caring for me please . end of xd . i wonder how we can deserve such a compliment . i don't want to disagree or agree . one of my best friends is an isfj . she's great , very loyal , caring and interesting to talk to . she's very similar to me i agree but i do notice the s / n divide significantly . obvious as we all know ... '