' how do we know they can open doors when there weren't any doors for them to open ? i don't know about ponies , but spike can come . ... i'm in sydney if that helps , which is one of the least conservative cities in australia . so if half us uni kids aren't doing it , that says a lot . i wish that reality would be reflected more on tv ... dinosaurs don't need thumbs , only their human masters such as myself do xd we've stolen some nukes too . with our t-rex army ( you don't need biodiversity amongst the dino types ) . mutually assured ... robots vs . dinosaurs . they've staked out their territory , set up the battlelines , stockpiled weapons . whose side are you on ? what are you going to do ? and ... go . 20 and a virgin . i don't want to have sex without love , and i've never been in love , hence the lack of sex . i'd say infjs are more predisposed to that mindset , and we tend to be more cautious about ... ok how about ... you guys we are being attacked by dinosaurs ! quick what is the plan ? that dorito and your fake tan match ! well we could just discuss doritos and how gross they are . unpopular opinion ^ ^ when i asked you to chip in , i didn't mean this ... enfps are confusing because we're always expecting them to have some kind of ulterior motive , and they just don't . my brother is an enfp and it's like he lives in this magical land where at least ... listing all the disney movies i loved would just be listing all the disney movies , period . but the lion king was my favourite movie for years , it's still up there . i used to own a full body simba ... do it ! life decisions like this are terrifying but if you don't at least try then you'll probably spend the next 10 years or maybe even the rest of your life wishing you did and wondering what could ... that's very true . if you're having a high energy day then put on a mask and you'll be fine i'm sure . i know that sense of purpose helping out a friend can bring on is often a really handy boost ^ ^ ok , you've basically already answered the basic reasons as to why you don't have to go : 1 . if your friend is already aware that she isn't interested , then it is now entirely his problem . anything ... i've noticed that in both the books and in real life , those who are guilty of putting gryffindor on a pedestal tend to be , well , gryffindors . i know i felt that rush of pride both times i was sorted ... harry potter is reaching a certain ending with this last movie , and i'm curious about what it means for everyone else ( if anything ) . i'm in the ' harry potter generation ' - i read the first two ... i confess i've been too exhausted to come on this forum much lately . just settling back into sydney life and working a job that requires a 6.30 am start - it's all a bit tiring . but i miss you guys ... ok , i'm only just starting the second song of ice and fire book so future events i am not yet aware of could prove me horrendously wrong , but i'm thinking tyrion lannister could be an infj who , ... no , i never went through that period of rebellion . i read the book when i was the same age as holden and in similarly shitty circumstances ( in particular regarding my home life ) , and holden's ... i hope others on here get a chance to meet up too , it was really great ! and very ... educational i guess is the word ? its a rare thing to have that many infjs in one place . except maybe for plushwitch ... all my potential issues are sorted so i'll see you guys outside the station at 11 ! :) my weekend is getting all messed up and there might be a last minute change in what time i have free tomorrow . have to have some stuff picked up by a shipment company and i dont know yet how early i ... i'm happy with whatever time works between 10-4 , or the whole time . i'm easy , shall we say ;) looking like 11 or 12 saturday could be good , but i don't know who the furthest person to travel is . my dutch consists of 3 sentences and i have only learnt german for 2 years so my vocabulary is ... i don't have a problem with guys watching porn , even if we are dating . it's harmless fun . i don't get anything out of it but i don't have a problem with it . i guess most of the time i don't find the ... we can help putting ikea furniture together if need be :p i can come both friday and saturday so hopefully there are enough people to make one of those days happen before i leave ! we are all ... i love hearing about the sad / angry look you have havr too . when i was in primary school , my teacher actually spoke to my mum because she was worried that i looked unhappy all the time . i wasn't ... i don't know , gaming is such a fringe thing for a lot of girls . yes i think there are a small group who do what you say for entirely shallow ends , but i also think a lot of them pretending to be ... ah thanks for tagging me , i didn't see this ^ ^ i'm unfortunately leaving maastricht next monday ( june 13th ) . so if we get mobilized and something happens before then , i will be there with bells ... hahaha maybe ! but im pretty sure you wouldn't be on my street unless it was deliberate to visit someone , i'm deep in suburbia . i feel kind of deflated though , the idea of you having driven past my ... what is your gender ( all three are allowed ): female 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 17 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? it was a huge relief . it explained so ... in europe with my parents : intp dad : so we'll go to tyne cot , it's the largest wwi commonwealth cemetary in the world ! i think it'll be a really fun day ! you know ... in a morbid kind of way ... ... awww thanks ;) i'm sorry i can't return the favour with a nice block of 9s for you ! plushwitch miki is adorable ! we brought our kitten nando home last november to a house run by two older kitties and they took a while to even be in the same room as him without growling and hissing ... congrats ! you're going to have the best time :D i feel that way about 13 . a great number :) if 9 had actually caused me bad luck this wouldn't be so irrational xd it's never done anything to me , but i'm still afraid of it ! i'm going for a 3 day trip to italy tomorrow on my own . i keep telling people how excited i will be to meet new people in the hostels and hang out with them , but i'm just saying that because that ... no , i was too scared to when i was in berlin last . it just looks and smells so unappealing ! but i suppose it must be popular for a reason . yeah , lena is talented but i find that song so boring ... you'd be bringing this thread bad luck and therefore that would not be in your interests ! 6s are alright . i'm not mega fond of them but they don't freak me out like 9s . you really don't have ... darth vader , did you kill my father ? well i can't speak for infp women but i only tend to fall for xnfxs ( and preferably enfxs ) . it is a bit frustrating but i think we infxs are just rather selective by nature . if you can try and ... why would anyone eat a currywurst ? how long does it take native german speakers , when growing up , to learn the difference between when to use mich and mir ? or does that come naturally ? ( it ... why are people worried about digesting in a sarlacc pit for 1000 years when they'd clearly die pretty damn quickly and thus not be conscious for 99.999 % of that time ? this is really great for getting out of a funk ( and it helps that the video clip is amazing ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qybUFnY7Y8w beautiful orchestral piece ( joe hisaishi scores most of ... vivid melody hahaha typing pets , that is a brilliant idea ! nando is a total enfp but the other two , not sure ... wow , an alligator ? that is awful ! although i think having a dog poisoned ... verlavender a bout the beer , the general consensus is probably on victoria bitter . my favourite easy yet amazingly delicious kind of pasta . i do it from memory so hope this recipe covers ... raj your menagerie is gorgeous ! and that's really sweet about nips ( lol ) . vivid melody that picture of eva and brady is about the cutest thing ever ! we have tried putting milo's food away until ... lol . well 1 ) porsche 911 turbo because it's faaast and sexy . really , does anyone not like porsches ? they're stunning . this is the best of the best . and 2 ) no i try not to even kill spiders . the ... haha just talking about this / swapping photos in the ' pets of infjs ' thread :P 3 cats , a dog and a bunny ! do you prefer sweet or savoury ? or other ? doctor whooo . followed very closely by community . do you like your country's current leader ? vivid melody that's exciting . but in the mean time , 5/6 pets ! now i'm jealous , sounds like heaven ( pretty sure i'm going to be a crazy cat lady one day :P ) . we have set feeding times but the ... '