' never would have guessed :P heterosexual nf here ... when you do this ... now this is hardcore http://img230.imageshack.us/img230/5595/26835391158da5fb5500.jpg no further comment to all the people saying star-wars characters are t ... since when bellieving in an invisible spiritual force flowing through everything has become t stuff ? regarding fictional characters i'd say ... it's a lie infp's always finnish what they s ... you are not a gift just like you're not a curse . you just are . like chuck palahniuk said in fight club we are not special . we are not pieces of crap or trash , either . we just are . we just are , ... humankind has built a reputation out of being ignorant of people around them , there are times when you can use that power for your own advantage there will be a sad day when i will actually do what society expects of me . i am what i am . if i told you once i told you a thousand times to suffer woes which hope thinks infinite ; to forgive ... to pursue or to be pursued ... hmm ... they are both systems ... i personally do what i feel like it . i don't have a system for this are you talking about the whole relationship or only the gift ? no problem i can't think of one reason for which fairness and future event reduction are mutually exclussive . in this case there are 2 different causes and only one effect . when passing ... good luck if you read carefully , you will se that i didn't say they are to be excused , but i only responded to your comment that questioned if not all rapists are psychos . so i said no and ... sorry bout that . i'll reformulate . i meant that it doesn't seem to cover details and that you should elaborate more on them . no you could very well be doing it under the influence of drinks ... but by what means do you determin wether yes or wether no ? well it is said that he was the first one that speculated on the existence of dna and had some incipient research . more details are to be ... of course you may know that many nazi scientists were adopted by america after the war , with them a few of mengele's coworkers that were accustomed to his work . this is how the knowledge crossed ... 1 . mengele did research into twins and the way they pass genes to their children . modern day procedures explain that otherwise but the hints came from mengele . actually this is the only point where ... 1 . stop twisting my words . i said a lot of gregor mendel's work not mendel's work . he didn't just develop mendel's law of heredity but also a lot of other stuff that has been proven wrong ... actually they are condemned by most of the people . ok then answer this . a lot of gregor mendel's work is useless by modern standards too . why is mendel acclaimed as the hero of genetics , by any ... yes but for example there are cases where there are some benefits . for example take dr . joseph mengele at auschwitz . he experimented on people with methods as : mengele's experiments also included ... imanuel kant said that somethings are simply wrong he didn't define it to a t he devised a system . for example if you are a police officer you have a set of rules . ex : forbidden from taking bribes ... 1 . how did you get the idea that i immigrated . no i didn't . why ? just because i have had supperior education it means i left my country ? 2 . technically i don't have a college degree yet as i haven't ... please do describe your system i didn't say you copied anything i just agreed with the post with the big nose who knows . before that i just found a similarity that's all . : wink : the ethics of sin city when one views a movie one must try to read between the lines and images , this of course assuming it ’ s a good movie and there ’ s actually something to be read between the ... well he started it ... : laughing : 1 . yes another thing you surely must know from your vast knowledge of types is that some f's view rational arguments as clever rants . and then they wonder why nt's call them primitive . never thought ... you know you're a myers briggs fanatic when you read the posts on this thread by people that explore the dimensons of mbti fanaticism it's author is a clinical psychologist who specializes in cognative behvaior . and who worked with the person who developed the theroy that you are defending as it relates to you . now again you ... i mean , how does admtting to a behavior suggest i am projecting it on to you or anyone else . ? ? you are making a logical fallacy you see something in a book that happens to fit to you and then ... oh but i do not question numbers i questions motivations behind numbers and irksome ways of dodging questions . it appeared in the infp forum list the second on the list . anyway . rip thread for ... i advocate the book because i see myself in the behaviors described psychological projection - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ... read this then especially the part : psychological projection ... you know there's a difference between having some language skills which nf's tend to have and spinning it . i have simply took what the book says and applied it to me but to be totally fair after ... in my case . you might hear someone say-i don't wear masks .. i like to think of it more as wearing hats ... you might hear nothing , i don't have to explain myself to anybody . i am me and will ... if u say so ... to you all these lines i write to you will you wait for me my dear if you are the one that's true you're the one i wanna hear in the depths of your own soul there's a light that calls to ... little child presidents are puppets to other big game hunters no matter the country ... always ... maybe not always ... kennedy wasn't but that ended badly : frustrating : is that like the special olympics for aircraft pilots ? sry no offense intended i just had to make the joke . : laughing : no biggy but remember et was infp : laughing : jokes aside ... i think we come from similar planets infj's and infp's ... and we always come in peace : laughing : sometimes we wear masks out of instinct . i personally do that in a heated argument . i instinctively put a big nt mask and shove fact after fact up people's asses . : laughing : i have my best dream while awake . at night i usually sleep like a rock . you're not the only one holding this view . i subscribe to parts of it but there's something self contradicting in what you say . 1 . first of all you spend more time pursuing love and not hard facts ... i can't have casual sex period . i don't understand it . what's the point ? i never did and never will ... dunno i imagine myself feeling like an asshole afterwards if i'm horny and have a girlfriend i make love to her . am i wrong or something ? if i i'm horny and don't have a girlfriend ... well ... i wait it to go away ... : laughing : literature university professor ... eta 3years yes yes happened to me once : laughing : 1 . ) you blame type for your actions . i don ’ t blame em just that ’ s why they happen 3 . ) you know all the letter combinations of the 16 mb types . 6 . ) you compare your type to famous people 9 . ) your ... chuck palahniukx 92s book shows us violence as a regeneration of masculinity and it is no mere coincidence that the alternate personality of the narrator , tyler durden , has anarcho-primitivist thoughts ... too true ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw9FSIr3aBo dude that's not comedy that's tragedy ! ... but hey since you started makin fun of reality http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJuNgBkloFE '