' i'm inclined to type him as isfp , actually ? everything you've said regarding his only pursuing one thing without any apparent evidence is a trait generally attributed to strong fi-doms ? the same has ... actually , i hadn't seen that ! looking at it now , to be honest , it looks like another one of those charts in which they attempt to shoehorn characters into all 16 types , even if they aren't ... ( for a moment there , i hadn't realized you were talking about my signature and wondered if you were just extraordinary at typing people on the spot , haha . ) which actually gives me the chance to ... whoa . there's ... a lot of discrepancy with miharu's type ! though i will agree that he has ti / fe . i'm leaning to intp as well , since there's not really any ni that i can glean off him . for yoite , ... has anyone tried typing characters from nabari no ou ? nah , i think the scanning the environment thing is more se . he's only really aware of the immediate environment , and esfp would make more sense since it'd mean ni is down at inferior ( meaning he's ... i hadn't thought of that ! isfj does seem like him . i'm not very familiar with either his character or the type , however , but isfj does seem to fit better ... i feel the same way about ixxj too , to ... i personally found kenma's behavior typical of someone with weak fe ? well , not necessarily weak , per se - more that rather than really understanding how and why people feel things / are motivated to do ... i'm not necessarily disagreeing with you , but why infp for kenma , as opposed to for example infj ? i definitely think you're right with hinata , though :D . i initially thought entj for kageyama , but ... haikyuu ! ! hinata shouyou - esfp ( ? ) kageyama tobio - entj ( ? ? ? maybe istp ? ) azumane asahi - infp ( ? ? ? ) sugawara koushi - infj ( ? ? ) kozume kenma - intp ? ? ( ? ? ? ? ? possibly infj / istp ? ) i'm ... in typing , mistakes are bound to happen regardless of level of knowledge so it's alright haha ! it's frustrating because in reality there is no ' real answer ' , so some ' mistakes ' end up being a matter ... i'm actually thinking maybe isfp for furuya ; i'm going off the manga , though , so i don't know how he's presented in the anime , but why possibly intp ? i'm just not really seeing the ti / fe , maybe i'm ... i'm desperate to type anyone from haikyuu ! ! , yowamushi pedal or diamond no ace . any ideas ? the only one i've got around to considering is furuya , and i'm thinking isfp . i'm inclined to say esfp for ... if you're certain that he's xxtj , that leaves his perceiving function as either si or ni , so it might be a good idea to decide which one fits him better ? if you can see a lot of sensing through him ... residual deviance if you read the relation between pre-scratch guardians and their alpha counterparts as different , that's one thing . but you can't ignore the multiple instances in which he did ... residual deviance i've personally no opinion on kurloz and his type , but frankly you're making assumptions based on stereotypes which are largely unreliable . we don't know much about him , and ... aah crud , haha thanks for the heads up ! i didn't want to bother anyone into reading it beforehand , since i've spent months griping about it . also , i don't know any entjs , entps or estjs personally ... i'm putting forward my final argument for dirk . i've come to the conclusion that he's entj . i'm stepping away from the trainwreck that is his character . this is it also , why do you think kurloz is ... sorry about the cognitive functions thing , it's just that going purely off the letter often leads to misleading stereotypes and it's rather vague ! it's been likened to astrology by some haha . to be ... i can't really see dave as isfp to be honest . in terms of functions , his fi is next to none - if he had it , it'd have to be pretty weak . at the same time i think he has shown a capacity for fe , ... that is long ! out of curiosity , what are the different types you found you were getting most often ? did you take mbti t-or-f one-or-the-other type tests , or a cognitive functions test ? off the ... i'm honestly not getting an intp vibe , but i might be wrong ; i'm not an expert . i just can't really see any ti . if it helps , practically speaking , ti is a lot more theoretical and definitely less ... dear infjs , you can't possibly know me any better than i know myself ; if i say i don't like something , i'm not being stubborn . sincerely , intp i feel like i'm letting the team down by saying my favorite games are arcade fps ( i suck at using controllers and don't like playing using the pc ) , tetris , puzzle-solving / detective / mystery games , ... i dunno about kankri having fe . karkat once went on a spiel about how he was using his trigger talk to cover up the fact that he's actually very judgemental . plus the way he deals with cronus ' and ... don't try inserting your philosophical views casually into daily conversation because apparently that doesn't work . saying , ' nothing matters anyway so i'll just [ insert thing here ] ' or ' in the end i ... i feel like the english teacher is asking us to utilise ni in a way that's literally impossible if it isn't one of your functions and i'm just going to lie down because i'm pretty much sol for this ... now's about the time to drop classes so i've dropped an extension class and a level down in math ( because let's face it i absolutely suck at math ) and the only thing people have been telling me so ... ahhh , alright . i think i'm gonna have to reread his parts haha . so i was taking the depressive thing a bit too literally . and i wasn't assuming that the entp / istp thing was part of the depressive ... alright , this may be slightly off topic , but i can't form an opinion until i can get this cleared up so please bear with me . maybe it's just been a while , maybe it's just a matter of personal bias in ... man , you ever just having an emotion but the moment you realize you're having one , you're presented with the choice of either continuing out that emotion except in a less genuine and less sincere ... i randomly woke up in the middle of the night crying really hard because i was having some dream about being the father of this crying girl and i just was so overcome with emotion that i remember ... i wake up literally minutes before 9 am on free days . i feel like i've been slighted . i'll back this up as soon as i find sources , but i do recall having read that inferior fe , rather than meaning any sort of lack of empathy , just means that you don't really know what to do with it , ... if anyone tries to say anything about me other than the fact i'm not assertive and lazy and completely socially inadequate . i'll go to great lengths to keep my opinion to myself . i have a feeling ... on the subject of dirk , at this point i think he's definitely entp over intp . i mean combined with the stuff malkovich said in relation to him being very outside centered , consider his circumstances ... if se comes in as one of the top two functions , maybe it's just a case of preferring instant gratification ? like concentrating on the immediate over thinking in the long run . to be fair , i'm often ... having ti and ne as your top two functions is basically a godsend when it comes to studying . combined with good reading skills , i will put my skills to good use by not studying until the morning of ... can we just have some form of like , practical solipsism , where you just don't think about people the moment they step out of your field of vision , or is this just self-centeredness ? i think what frustrates me to no end about the universe is people that will engage in a debate purely for the sake of beating somebody rather than getting to the truth ! i don't know , i saw a thread ... it's interesting to see how averse intps are in general to emotions , haha . i find that while i'm usually unable to recognise the physical manifestations of an emotion ( shaking when angry , waiting ... oh , wow , i don't think anyone should say that to anybody : confused : generally don't say anything that implies you know me better than i know myself can i just say , on a possibly unrelated note , that i find it hilarious that we've been referring to the same post in regards to dom-tert loops , and i'm starting to suspect we've gone through the same ... i'm sorry , but i'm going to have to disagree completely with sollux as istp ! i can't see him as someone having auxiliary se . i don't see how him being a prophet of doom necessitates him having ni > ne ! ... speaking practically i think this site might help with comparing enfp vs enfj , though it doesn't have much function-wise : enfp vs . enfj | prelude character analysis in the end though it'd be fe-dom ... which ones do you find downright silly ? if you think its a good idea , its not , dont do it for the love of god i've finished everything i've had to a whole week early ! time to get started on that next project immediately , it's due in a month ! if i'm actually doin something ( reading , writing , video games etc ) then i'll talk out loud whether i want to or not ( someone says to me , do you even realize what you're saying while you're drawing ... talking constantly isn't an indication of extroversion and introversion . i'd say filmverse spiderman ( esp . the recent one ) is more infp than anything vs . the comicbook intp spiderman '