' hiya everybody ! well - i'm not sure whom would be most compatible , but as an enfp , i've often attracted estj's - and boy are they hard to shake . intj's turn on the heel and i don't ever hear from ... yeah . it's nice to know it's not just an enfp thing . i mean , he'll listen to me but mostly wants my input on what's going on in his life . he does seem to enjoy talking with me and listends , even ... even if you don't have the words , the acknowledgment of my sentiment and inner self is far greater . thank you . i'd like a tribe . kindreds . i'm like a lone wolf lol . a pack of one . do you have ... i do love being an enfp . however , i've not felt understood by anyone in a very long time . does anyone else experience this ? no one has been able to reach me deeply , the way i truly desire . of ... the only male enfp i've encountered in the us has adhd , bipolar , and is dubbed a player for his flirtatious ways . i exhibit all these behaviors as he does and i'm just considered a charming , ... brilliant ! i totally missed the hidden quote . i'm so sorry to hear that . i'm not sure i've met a healthy sf combo yet . particularly of the male persuasion . they want instant results , are possessive , ... awww , thank you . it's an odd journey , this quest for a life partner in love . odd indeed ! he's given himself away quite early on as hot under the collar . he was upset that i wasn't paying him attention in the beginning . i didn't surrender to his temper tactics , so he adjusted his ... i appreciate your kind advice . thank you . enfps do sound like we get carried away , with our breezy romantic inclinations and flirtatious banter . this is far from the case though . i snap into ... i know ! aren't they ! ? ? ? ! ! ! goodness . i don't feel like this very often and it takes someone special to have me feel anything with a glance at his picture , but this one does . actually , i don't ... marshmellow lucyyy i met another intj . so , here i go again . i have to giggle at myself a little bit here , too . when will we learn our lessons ? hahaha . it's been 3 weeks and we're still in the ... thank you . there is no special one at the moment , but i'm hopeful ! ! ! thank you . yes well emotional support is sometimes hard regardless of the type of pairing . i guess i would start with my go-to for someone in a bad mood which is space . context would be more ... i get that lucyyy . i did mention as to the fact that not all intjs are the same . i recognize that and so does marshmellow . take into consideration though , contextually , you're also an intj not an ... darling ... if i may . i have to wonder why a beautiful , successful , capable woman like yourself is working so hard to knock yourself out for what seems like emotional scraps from a guy that is ... i even scare myself when i'm angry . intjs aren't the only ones capable of intensity . the top 5 pros list are great examples of enfp intensity all around . yes . i think it may be important to point out here , that enfps and intjs are not so dissimilar in our emotional makeup . we both share fi . the same ramblings and inner workings exist with enfps , we ... he knew me . not so long ago he knew me deeply intrinsically without erroneous effort natural love neither disingenuous nor gregarious he knew me dishonesty . plain . and . simple . we could get to know one another . my son is entp . i think i see most of his controlling behavior surface when he's stressed and encountering someone else's overwhelming feels . or sometimes when he's being protective of my feels , ... < throws rainbows > that's more my style ! and ... wait for it . i know you'll get a little squirmy inside but < big squishy huge > awww . wish i could , but it wasn't my op . i'm not involved with an intj business man . my intj is a great guy , more the bookworm / internetworm of the latter type you've mentioned . very cute ! that's ... valid point . i'm not saying this is an intj specific trait or as a criticism , merely an observation . if this were an estp thread , and this happened , i would make the same observation and same ... no worries . i speak with passion and i'm deliberate with my points , but there's no malice behind them . thank you , for what it's worth . i don't know . if i were to wager a guess , it sounds ... i'm trying to make a point about enfps and the way we operate as an undercurrent . and the way intjs want to pick everything apart to its bare bones isn't always helpful in terms of relationships .   ... my point exactly . from an enfp - this is ripping . that's asking an enfp to stand before an emotional firing squad ... 6 things ? [ why 6 - random ] let's just talk about the fact that she's ... wait , wait , wait . she asks an open ended question about how intjs relationship , and your first instinct is to rip her and her behavior apart ? really ? what makes you think it's her fault ? she's ... i adore how absolute and eloquent this outlook is on love . this adequately demonstrates the priority adulation should have in life with another . i like intjs - you like intjs ! ! did we just become best friends ? hiya ! i'm a noob . just joined last month and i'm not exactly surrounded by intjs , just the one , irl . and like you've posted about ... that sounds like a great foundational premise for love to develop . i'd be concerned though that you would be taken advantage of until it was clearly stated by both parties a relationship is to ensue ... once i'm actually in a relationship , i'm very committed , devoted , loyal to a fault , generous , loving , doting , sexual , challenging , stubborn , gregarious , romantic , patient , good communicator , and good ... can you provide an example of an fi based ? this is something that is the toughest to maintain because it's so often confused with happiness . in which the other person becomes the ... i absolutely do experience more ego when i'm spending more time in thought . when i'm feeling , it's typically focused on others . that's unless it's triggered in a negative way , where my feelings are ... humanbeing yes , true . but hardly challenge each other to grow where the other is weak . ( growth and evolution are paramount themes in an intjs life ) they play to each others strengths and keep in ... this is the impetus for the cancellation of cable tv and deletion of my facebook account . scrolling through stupidity and bowing to others thoughts and ideas that aren't , in any way , based on facts ... ah , yes . thank you for that correction . and i'm not sure that it hasn't worked out . there are some gross misunderstandings taking place here . i don't think he's a jerk / asshole etc . i just skim past ... you can choose privacy , no worries on that . but wrong . i'm not a celebrity and i talk about that with the people . no one is waiting on bated breath and it certainly isn't the expectation . that does ... well , milkshakes don't have to be chocolate . < cheek smooch > yes . i purelled my lips . lol ! very cute . < cool hug > it is then . happy friday . tell me about your favorite part of the week ! own it . none of us are good enough for this world , which means , all of us are . sorry - this was a dinner date he and i went on . i see this from an outside perspective and see how he's struggling with it . and the truth is lucyyy - sometimes you guys can't figure it out and ... he's verbally expressed that sometimes he does pretend he doesn't like someone as much as he does because he doesn't like the vulnerability . ( i . e . hides his feelings , doesn't verbally express them , ... again . he never asks for space . asking , to me , is him verbalizing his desire for space . correct ? like the words actually leave his mouth for someone to hear ? or do i need to teach you to read , ... i'm attempting to manage my money better . made a budget that i'm sticking to , started investing in my long term financial future , paying for benefits through my job , getting tuition reimbursement ... start smaller . when i started pathophys , for example , i read a few paragraphs and got up to take a quick break . then i read a few more paragraphs . after about 2 hours of this i would play a game on ... i find this interesting . how much contact would you prefer to have with her ? texting / calling every 3 days isn't unreasonable or cause for thoughts of disinterest . i would start by expressing how much ... i had to give this a great deal of thought / feel / thought / feel . imo , this is the deepest emotional penetration of betrayal that could be perpetrated from my partner . i really had to suss out why , ... i do understand ntj's and i'm not angry . at all . i do understand their independence . however , there's a fine line between independence and isolation . most ntjs don't figure this out until late in ... '