' i had a sideways facing pig but i saw the future as in front of me . the first test is very inaccurate in my opinion . i would have the natural instinct to draw it sideways draw the pig from left ... hey guys , i don't know what you know about philosophers but i have been studying for my masters in philosophy . i noticed that celebrity types has him typed as an entj and i dont get that at all . , i ... really nobody is going to try really why would you say braxton is an istj he seems to be very extroverted and has a sharp humorous wittiness about him which would point to ne also him picking upon when lamar said i new that ... hey , i was watching the movie the accountant and was kind of trying to figure out the mbti types of the characters . does anyone want to take a stab at typing them ? not great a typing but i will ... i thought istp at first too but in better call saul he seems very si he is always calculating risk good at planning remembers all his moves and stories from his cop days and relies on past ... hey guys i was thinking of mike from bb / bcs and i am having trouble nailing down his type from these two and can't tell if he is ti se or si te what do you think really nobody ? i just took a strengths finder test and my results of my top 5 strengths are : 1 ideation pontaneously creative and bring new and fresh perspectives . they have a natural sense of innovation 2 ... apparently 3 are stratigic thinking and 2 are influencing i guess that fints intp introverted thinking extroverted intuition ? i just took a strengths finder test and my results of my top 5 strengths are : 1 ideation pontaneously creative and bring new and fresh perspectives . they have a natural sense of ... interesting you say that i have take the mbti test several times in my life ( high school college mba , semianry ) . when i first took the test in highschool and undergrad i scored an istj . my parents ... if you look up how stats it shows these two types rank among the most common . this puzzles me i am 27 and i have only run in to about 1 or two people that i would characterize as an istj and not ... i can understand that too . but he seems to be too much a dreamer to be an xstj . he had a dream and was critisized for daydreaming . which points to a more introverted intuition or introverted ... the title says it all . what is mbti type for the main character ( rudy ruettiger ) in the movie rudy thanks for those that have seen the new movie the accountant , anyone want to take a shot at trying to type the main characters really nobody ? i am a big civil war buff and love studying it . one figure that intrigues me is general sherman and i have been trying to figure out his type . most places i look say he is an entj however i dont ... yes for sure . i have to go outside to sit and think , pray , or meditate . i had felt the same way for a long time and did not want to accept that i was i always justified told myself i was an intp or enfp or entp or even istp . however i know i am an infp now and have ... yes for sure i do . the key for infps to unleash their full potential is the need for a passion or cause for the skills they want to achieve . if an infp wants to lean to do something like art or ... i could have written this myself . i went through what you are going through for a long time . after graduating with my mba i worked as a entry level business analyst for 2 years while looking for a ... yes my college cush was a very outgoing , daring , strong-willed , athletic , in your face type of person . unfortunately , as an infp i was too shy to ask her out before she got in a relationship and ... yes my college cush was a very outgoing , daring , strong-willed , athletic , in your face type of person . unfortunately , as an infp i was too shy to ask her out before she got in a relationship and ... hey guys i recently have come to the conclusion that i am an infp ( still not ruling out enfp but pretty sure its infp ) when i though i was an xntp but after looking deeper into it i conclude i am an ... hey guys i don't know how much you know about stoic philosophy , but basically it is all about accepting your fate removing emotional reactions ( especialy distress ) . they accepted reasonal : feelings ... he seems to be a little to wacky to be an istj . also he said himself to harvey i'm emotional . i dont see istj's as very emotional . i agree with this now that i think of it he seems very se . bump he also shows extreme hospitality to clients and people he cares for i love the sho suits . and one of the most entertaining character is louis . i tried to type him but i am having trouble . at first glance he looks like an istj hard worker hates slackers and ... me personally i think that extroverted feelers fe have an advantage in life . being so goo at naturally being able to relate and talk to people is an extremely valuable skill that will allow them to ... one of my favorite fictional characters ever is snoopy . i got on-line to see what people thought his personality type was and i have hardly seen a more disputed character . i have seen him labled as ... kramer from seinfeld vinny from my cousin vinny sherlock holmes from movies and one more for fun coach migurk from home movies i guess your right . in my instance i just have to know either way entp or intp , my two dominate functions are ne and ti and just try and act naturally with those two strengths in mind . got to be saul goodman interesting you say that i score almost no preference on my n / s category . only a 3 question preference towards n . thanks first it was interpreted by a professional . i scored no preference on the s / n category i know what you mean about being able to manipulate the results and i can manipulate all the online ... i had come to the conclusion that i was an entp and most online tests had told me that too . however as i have mentioned before i am going into the seminary . i have been here for 3 weeks and they had ... hey guys i was wondering if you had any experience with meditation or meditative form of prayer i have mentioned before that i am entering the seminary soon and planning to be a priest and i talk ... yes when i first read it i thought it was bs too . now based on kgb reports and more believable stories like bella dodd's i believe there was an infiltration . so it is plausible she could have found ... entp's lead to the coup ) it is a very interesting and compelling book , and one of the things that made me ( an entp ) favor the more structured service in the pre-vatican 2 times . however as i said before i really dont know ... thank you i did go back far in church history , and reading in the bible for instance of priests and bishops being married it caused me to question and i my discernment one of the toughest huddles ... to articulate the quandary more like people have asked . i am an entp but when it comes to my religion i seem to be abandoning my entp traits and now that i think of it seem to revert to my shadow ... well it is funny you mention it because my view is exactly that . not only that i don't know everything but really that i don't know anything but that is where my faith comes in . i don't know anything ... i am the typical entp . i used ne to the extreme . i am always looking for possibilities . i am theory minded . when ever i get something the first thing i think of is how can i use innovation to make ... was watching my cousin vinny yesterday . normally i can tell an istj from an estj but i was looking at the judge and couldnt had a little bit of trouble telling because we see him always in the judge ... possibly breaking bad i think i can see both heisenberg and gus as intj been going over the lord of the rings characters and have been trying to come up with the type of boromir and faramir . what is their type ? not great at typing but i thought : boromir : enfj ... '