' i respect your opinion . i don't really know any enfp's . but to be honest , this hurts me emotionally because of a personal situation that i'd rather not make public . so i cannot give you a very good ... i do not think one is necesarily better than the other for all things but to given purposes either one might come out as being more beneficial depending on the particular task . i personally ... i thought the only way to be healthy and infj was to be confident and independent . or at least to appear so outwardly . this is helpful . it helps me to understand how i can be off putting . too much ti and not enough fe . or rather , fe so strong but so rooted in ni that it comes off as just hard headed . again , this strikes me as less of an infj thing and more of a p quality . i cannot imagine being laid back . i'm caring to the point of its being off putting and i associate this with the ni-fe ... this sounds more like a difference of p and j than anything to do with infj . an e__p would be more hyper and bouncy to my mind than any i but j's tend to be less laid back . in fact , i'd find it ... pretty straight forward line of questioning . i'm a biologist graduating with my bachelors in three weeks . i was planning to do the whole grad school thing before i had my quarter life crisis ( thank ... i'm baaack . and i want to know if other infj's have trouble building relationships . i don't know if this is a problem brought on by my crappy childhood or if this is a normal ... i've not seen this . weird . - what were you like as a child , were you inherently charming ? did you immediately take a liking to strangers ? i was a difficult child . i was very aware , very intelligent , and willful . my mother ... if you still require the attention of an infj , feel free to hit me up in the pms . i'm not very good at playful banter . i'm only funny when i'm not trying to be . that said , i love to play pretend , though i generally do it in my own head and don't bother to include anyone else ... this has only recently happened to me . to be honest , i feel bad for the enfp man involved . i really don't know what i did to cause him to like me so much . he said i have a beautiful smile and a ... i have a profile on okcupid . at the bottom , it actually says if you commonly refer to yourself as a down to earth sort of guy i'm probably not interested . no good comes of being down to ... this is interesting . a lot of these answers are not what i would've expected from e types . especially enfj's . i'd be very interested in finding out the root differences in infj and enfj behavior . i agree completely . i personally tend to push people away without even consciously thinking of it . i speak in a manner that is less intelligent than i am capable of often , walk with an air of ... i really wonder if this is responsible for some of the mistypes . maybe a lot of these infj's are really enfj . i see a lot of strong fe around here that i simply cannot relate to . mine is strong , of ... i'm no expert on this topic , but to my mind , ni is what rules me . it is an intellectual view of the world in which i take in very little sensory information and blow it up into rational judgments ... yes , absolutely . i think i actually mentioned this on another post somewhere . we are a weird type and an easy type to mistype . i absolutely will go into battle time and time again when i feel it is necessary . i'm just scared of joining debates for the purpose of debating xd i don't think i know a single entj . this is something to look into . one of my best friends is intj . i keep a close entp and several enfp's . and i recently met a fascinating intp . but never an ... it is very normal to be infj and judgmental . xd aw man i hate debating . i hate conflict . you'd never know it from the way i speak though , i think . and i think of this as coming from my infjness . i just believe strongly . and act accordingly . i think i'd love your mother . i agree completely as regards the last statement . i don't expect them all to have the same values i do . i guess i tend to expect them to fight for right above their ... to be honest , i'm glad you brought this to my attention . i've not had the time to sit around and read everyone's thoughts on this subject so the only ones who have recieved my direct attention are ... they're talking about banning me ? what a load of horse shit xd pardon me for having an opinion ! somebody is insecure , eh ? jawz the only thing i wonder about here is what you mentioned about judgments based on what is expected of a given type . i don't want a lack of diversity , which appears to be what most people ... i don't take any comfort in knowing i will be able to move on from hurts . more , i have to . i'm terribly clingy with them . i'd hold them and watch over them forever to keep them from getting worse if ... aj2011 i'm not sure what you're getting at , honestly . i wouldn't wish to ban anyone or shun anyone . i'm just more interested in learning about my personality type ; particularly being that it is a ... the function has to do with insight from subconscious thought . we are cold and rational on the outside more than other feeling types . it is not from an emotional place , to my mind . it is from a place ... this is very unhealthy for any personality type . i don't know that i've ever had the one last time thing . i've always been thrilled for the adventure of a thing . i keep all kinds of sentimental things in my house that have no other purpose than ... i just remember , we are such stuff as dreams are made of . childe roland to the dark tower came - robert browning ( 1812-1883 ) and la belle dame sans merci by john keats infj's don't enjoy conflict and start it for fun . ambivert . very good point ! i agree . many of us have a t tendency here and there . i'm a scientist and i used to think this was my reason for ... those emotional people are not real intj's . they're mistypes . but i agree with the above statement . i used to post in there from time to time because i am very fond of intj's but i stopped because i kept getting my head bitten off . well , sure . most people wouldn't . i just don't think the j in infj would be alright with this . and the fe portion of our being . we're controlled . and concerned for other people . s's tend to ... no . i had mine crushed . some of that makes sense but my right and wrong indicator is still fairly black and white and so are my views on the issue . i'm too tired to argue it tonight xd my intuition says you're wrong about there being more infj's than are normally expected . but i have nothing with which to back this up except for my own experiences with being misunderstood . i'm ... i appreciate that :) i'm not worried about any one individual . nobody is a statistic to me . i just want to know more about my own kind and thats what brought this whole thing on . i understand being tired of arguing . it happens to me all the time . and i'm sure you can see why . p's usually get on my last nerve . i like structure too much . i have my p moments , like when i ... i don't do drugs . i'm disgusted by cigarettes . i'll put up with smokers because it isn't my business and but i can't stand drug use . i'll befriend drug users but i'd never be able to date one and i ... i feel like i fluctuate between intj and infj as well . the man i've loved most in the world did this as well if i'm correct in my understanding of him . i think this is normal for an infj . i think the phrase the man actually used was intellectual . it is a function of thought and consideration , not feeling . that sigh is insulting because it doesn't say anything about why it happened and leaves me with no means of understanding your dissaproval or learning from it . my primary belief is that my ... i'd believe that . i think the main thing making me think there were so many mistyped infj's is the lack of logical thought in the subforum . a man on here recently explained to me that ni is a ... have you taken the test before and achieved different results ? yes , i took multiple tests multiple times and got many different results . i believe the first time i took it i got something ... i found out my type by taking several tests , getting wrong answers , and finally reading through types until i hit this one . it was bang on , just as you described , right down to the flaws . it ... '