' i'll start first : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rznYifPHxDg http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=1KhZKNZO8mQ google really put in an effort this year , with jokes for ... dear shawn and , apologies for sounding harsh , but you two need to grow up . as a couple , both of you fail . you married this guy didn't you ? i doubt any of these personal quirks ... haha , it all depends on my mood . i'm really not a movie snob , and i watch pretty much any genre . basically , i watch almost any movie that's considered ' good ' , and i watch any movie that's ... hey , i understand the feeling . if your love can't be reciprocated , you just can't stand to be around that person . i applaud you standing your ground , and i think the worst thing that can happen is ... by the way , i'd be a believer if prayer can make me grow taller . just saying , god , if you ever want an additional believer , you know what to do . : wink : so , rather than solving world hunger , or ending wars , this is the prayer that the christian god answers to ? i mean , seriously ? i like public speaking , and am pretty good at it . i find that as long as i have a solid grasp of the topic , i'll do well . smalltalk , unfortunately , is what kills me time after time . seriously , someone needs to bite the bullet . we can sit here and theorize all day , but you can actually get the answer . if you like him , tell him . if you think he likes you ask him . simple , ... man , all these ' help me understand / read intp ' topics really make me feel like we're some alien creature . look , intps are some of the most straightforward and honest people you'll meet . instead ... it's pretty clear to me that's he's inexperienced with love . additionally , you and him move at different paces . he go head first in the pool , while he needs to test the water first . the ball is ... ok , you guys need to stop being so ridiculously cynical and stop making baseless assumptions . the guy goes out on dates with op , is good in bed , liles to cuddle , is smart , and talks about his ... what's with you and making every topic a gender topic ? the op just wanted to share a funny pic , it doesnt warrant callin him a misogynist . chillax , bro . ya , i knew i had espn since i was little . i'd be on the phone screaming at the isp . if you ever wanna get an intp angry ... i dont know your type , but you sound like the typical intp . you know what's good for you , but you dont do it . it doesn't have to do with the t , it has to do with the p . by the way , as a ... won't you get a headache ? write something that's worthy of a response . note : ' how's your day ' doesn't cut it . i'd be the guy in class to tell you to shut the fuck up as you're interfering with my educatuon . sadly , people would think i'm joking :( unfortunately , being too nice is one of the major reasons why intps have trouble getting girls :/ intp , reporting for duty ! not sure what you're trying to say here , you agreeing or disagreeing with me ? anyway , my point is , please dont throw this guy at intps , he's your problem _ ( . _ . ) _ dude , i'm not sure an intp will be able to understand you . i read ' system , breaking , reality ' , and i've read not an ounce of what op is talking about . it all seems like useless cosmic fantasies to ... a person who is screwed twice by the same man . i'm gonna answer for females here based on experience and what my female friends tell me . no , it would in fact be a great plus . however , reality of the world dictates , it will be deemed as greatly ... hmm , exact same problem , except for the opposite reasons . i can never tell if someone's beimg humorous because i always assume people are telling the truth . a lot of the time , i dont even find it ... of u girls like that look , u should go to a steampunk party , you'd be surprised at how many guys wear stuff like that . learn a second language , a third language , a fourth language . it's one of the only things they teach you at school that will benefit you in the long run . sigh , why is it a problem being associated with the cool group or any group ? so you goal is to be a cool hipster and reject the lamestream ? so what if you're a cool kid , jock , nerd , hipster ... it highly depends on the city you're in . if you're in a big city , follow blogs such as racked to track sales and sample sales . one key to budget shopping is to never buy at retail price . you ... ... you look at all the kony threads , and you fin the one in intp forum the best because it's hilarious . i feel like despite all we do , in about 15,000 years , the human race will be extinct , and our ' accomplishments ' will have had zero macro impact on the universe . haruki murakami's works especially : 1q84 norwegian wood kafka on the shore one of the dumbest , most antiquated things that's still occurring in today's society . glad my phone auto adjusts though ... you know what sucks more than iphone's back camera ? iphone's front camera . you guys should go watch / read battle royale . it's like hunger games minus twilight . i was raised in a family that loves fashion , as such , i gained an appreciation for fashion as well as developed a personal style . i think most intps prefer comfort over everything else in terms of ... terrible . for some reason , i have zero wit when it comes to sudden expectation of conversation . when someone engages me in a conversation , and i'm not prepared for it , i blank the hell out and ... walked down the street > saw an oncoming woman > love the faded blue top > look up > ooo red head > focus on face > cute ! > hmmm ... she looks familiar . spotted emma stone on my way to get my daily ... i'm not even sure what you're trying to argue here . yes , if something exists but has zero impact on its environment on any level , it is by definition useless . but what's your point ? are you trying ... there's also the thought that the world has meaning because i ( or you ) am here to experience it . thus , for all i care , the world ends when the protagonist dies . basically , it's the same as the age ... i'd say at least try to talk to him . if this relationship is at a good place , this wouldn't hurt the relationship one bit . even if he doesn't like labels , as long as he likes you , he'll tell you so ... at least you have a boyfriend . but to be absolutely honest , i can see no friend of mine who would say that . i like to be around people who are confident . if my friends feel they're ugly , they'd ... intp here , and it depends on how familiar i am with the crush : unfamiliar : either observe from afar , or try to talk to her . when i try to talk to her , my brain freezes , i lose all my wits and ... browsing through this thread , i realized that most of the posters i dislike on perc are actually intps ... i wonder why that is ... as always , sitting in the local cafe reading . newsweek and the economist today . btw , does anyone actually read the economist cover to cover ? lol . i'll focus on the problems : 1 . he never initiates . common problem with intps , we often do just fine by ourselves , thus , we never get the need to ask out other ppl due to boredom . it certainly ... don't know where to post this , but when i was walking home yesterday , i saw a dude pissing during daytime on the street . this is nyc , by the way . did you get the ' men like anorexic women with huge fake boobs ' thing from your bf ? also , please look below for ' anorexic ' and ' extremely ' thin , and then stop throwing these descriptions around . ... right , because you can totally calculate bmi based on pictures with no reference to height . seriously , i have no idea where you live , but all these women look healthy to me . they might seem ... i really think you're detached from reality here . you especially have no idea what men normally like . here : avn porn awards 2011 - new york - slideshows who exactly are these anorexic women ... '