' the entp in my life is the most comfortable standing when he gets into a deep conversation ( maybe it allows for more space for large arm gestures haha ) . and i've noticed if he's on the phone , he's ... entps are so freaking cute . :D yes ! ! ! the entps in my life bring sunshine and happiness and chase all the clouds away ! ! :D no other type can do it like they do . must be why ne usually avoids or ends any long distance relationships . ( i'm having even more of an ahamoment about this now - getting confirmation from other entps really really helps . thank you . ) yes , very well put . this is a new situation for me , i have never dated someone who didn't make a fuss about the day ( intj , istj , enfp , infp , estp ) , and although i was not expecting a fuss , i suppose ... okay , so it would make sense for an entp to treat it like a normal day other than a happy valentine's text or something , and if the entp's roommates wanted him to join them in drinking that night , ... thank you for your honesty . i also think it is silly to have a day where everyone in a relationship has to be more loving or give gifts , etc . but that does not stop me from wanting to spend time with ... i'm just trying to understand , sorry if these questions get annoying . so , the whole thing is silly and pointless to you ... and you wouldn't do anything related to valentine's day unless you were ... so i have a hypothetical for any entp who isn't already ignoring this post due to the subject . suppose you're in a relationship , but it's long distance , and you and your significant other both are in ... you bring up an excellent point about abortion and i have heard of a few cases where women get used to using abortions as a birth control method . which i definitely disagree with . most of the ... no worries , i figured either you did not think about it when creating the poll or had your own reasons for wording it that way . it just sounds biased in the wording . i was not offended at all , just ... i know it wasn't meant that way , but the wording of the poll is very interesting , since most people who are pro-choice usually don't think of it as being for abortion as in they would encourage ... shows the entps in my life enjoy : death note ( very good ! ) stargate ( but that's sci-fi ) dr . who ( more sci-fi ) the wire supernatural ( you may enjoy this since you like fringe . the entps i know ... i commiserate with you , this is something that has always bothered me in dating relationships too . i hate how everyone says i love you to whoever they are dating , and then after a year or few ... yes ! ! ! this speaks to my heart . :D i think infjs have to actively remember to think positively . for some reason i feel as though my natural tendency is to see the negative side of something , or feel slightly sad , and i have been ... this is just a speculation post ... for all of the infjs and infps on here , what has been your relationship experience with enxp types ? have you ever thought that you're too ... heh , maybe returning to the old perc theme and not having graphic heavy stuff like the animated banner would help ... i was trying to find somewhere in my settings that i could go to a more ... i've never taken a job working at a restaurant because i know the vibes of the people around me influence me too much ... i feel really bad for her , i think most infjs would have trouble working a job ... as an infj , i think about things and sometimes second-guess things , and i find it very offensive that the forum restricts you from deleting your own posts , and you can only edit for 24 hours after ... changed my mind , edited . delete please . and it has a really un-organized feel to it too compared to other sites ... or at least i thought so . i'm a bit surprised about the medicine thing - although i guess anti-depressants could really help for sure . wouldn't it be really difficult for an entp to talk to a counselor though ? he seems to ... there's a super nifty hide profile feature which allows you to hide people you've already ruled out . so , you can do a search based on criteria that is important to you , then hide every profile ... forgive me if this has been discussed already , i searched and couldn't find it . do any of you entps ever get really depressed ? how can someone help a depressed entp ? is there anything that will ... yes ! ! ! i love all of george carlin's stuff ! ! ... is he an entp ? i could not agree with you more , and i totally understand your rant . i spent 5 hours in a car with an sf yesterday , which normally i would have handled better if it hadn't been for the fact that i ... wouldn't a group of entps turn into a competition ... like a king of the hill type thing ? and why has nobody planned a meetup for all the intuitives in an area ? why are all these meetups based ... thrift stores ! ! ! yes ! ! ! could this be an infj thing ? ! ? it never occurred to me other infjs may be partial to thrift stores too ! ! ooh this is exciting ! ! charts and comparisons and it's all so orderly and logical ! ! ! you intjs are so freakin ' cute ! ! ! :D yes sometimes i feel something kinda similar to this ... ( although it sounds very fi , which is more infp or enfp ... ) it's a circle of negative self-thinking which nobody can break for you ... although a lot of infps i know are super into photography too ... well , a lot of infps / infjs are mistyped as each other anyway though so i guess either way it's something to be watching for . congratulations ! ! ! you must be so excited to be almost finished ! ! :) :) hmmm the going to class thing sure makes sense ... sometimes the entps i know get so wrapped up in whoever they're ... i have yet to meet an entp who has finished college . perhaps most entps don't need the degree to get whatever jobs they want to do ? for the entps who have finished their degree ; how did you stay ... love the cat analogy ! ! ! people find out about cats in this order : cats have sharp claws , purr , and are inexplicable . whereas they find out about infjs in this order : infjs are inexplicable , ... most younger entps love to have their own infj that knows them so well , and i think they get so caught up in it they forget that the infj has needs too . i think it's just something that develops ... thank you ! i think i have just begun the making peace with myself part of it . i am slowly regaining the sense of self that i had lost , and going back to accepting my infjness and not blaming that ... i concur . i pick up on people's vibes a lot , and being open and friendly will go a long way when trying to approach an infj . as far as where to look ... that's more difficult . as people have said , ... if you don't mind my asking , how long did it take you ? it's been 1year for me so far , and i'd like to think i'm much better , but i am not completely over it ... or have not properly created my own ... after reading the infj life purpose post , i happened to glance at the first blog post on the same website and read the latest one for infjs ... finding closure and moving on ( infj relationships – ... amazing article ! ! ! thank you for posting the link ! ! ! this has helped me so much ! it is so true ! ! i have definitely gone through this - there is always a stressor which occurs in my life and makes me feel unhappy with myself or the situation around me ... and that prompts me to want to change ... this is exactly how i feel and this post made me laugh , thank you . :) for some reason , ever since i moved back home from college i've felt reclusive . it's like ... i just don't have the energy to ... what an awesome idea ! ! ! :) hmm i'm beginning to see why i haven't met very many - it sounds like entp's are to be found in the places i would naturally avoid . thank you so much for the insights so far though everyone ! initially i think i'm more attracted to f men , but i've only had lasting long-term relationships with t men because there's more balance . it never ends well when i fall for an f man , although i'm ... haha , if i had more friends like calvin , i'd be a happy girl ! :P i searched for this topic and couldn't find a recent discussion about spotting entps but feel free to point me in the right direction if you guys feel this has already been talked about excessively ... this discussion is amazing ! i'm finding so many great new songs ! thought i'd try to contribute since i don't see some things mentioned yet ... an infp got me into what i call my epic music : ... not for me - i'm an infj who grew up in a family of sensors . it's difficult for me to find balance between my own desires for life and keeping the sensors around me happy that i'm doing something ... '