' sure . male isfjs tend to put up an unemotional side ( prefer logic over feelings ) , due to the expectations of society of being a male . in addition to that , most isfjs do not want to share their ... well if you don't count anime stuff , then j-pop is just a blunder . famous artists sing songs for anime op / ed / ost , and a lot of j-pop is dominated by anime / vocaloid stuff . just see nico nico douga , ... hmm perhaps the isfj you are meeting is has put a external thinking , while deep down he's a feeler ? a lot of male isfjs are like that , as to fit in the male stereotype ( since we are usually described ... i don't think addiction is always negative , but it sure can be and is perceived as . i mean addicted to helping people is a good thing right ? and addicted to happiness is neutral as it's neither ... yep just add a dress there and it's perfect ! i'm sorry , let me rephrase that . you would look even cuter :) well uniqlo's been my brand of choice ever since i came to japan . it's definitely worth a try though . and that is all your cuteness honestly what i believe , there is no such thing as a good christian / catholic wife , there is only a good wife . i mean i'm an isfj , and i understand that you want to be a good wife like an isfj is , ... hey , hey , let me tell you a secret here . you want cheap clothes , but with a good quality and design right ? look no further other than uniqlo ! since it's a japanese brand , a lot of people in japan ... hahahah yep , if you count getting lost in the streets for 3 hours , it is definitely fun ( for me it is ) :) ! i faced money problems though 2 years ago while visiting japan , as i went to akihabara 3 ... i very rarely insult someone now , unless they have really really angered me ( which is again , once in 3 years ) . before though , during my early puberty days , i insult anybody who gets angry at me ... oh i'm not from japan , but i travel there usually every summer just for fun and to learn their language ( summer school ) . went to korea because my mom got into the k-drama craze , my brother's gf ... i should have been born in japan , i swear i could meld there so easily . i love their food and culture , follow their customs unknowingly ( like bowing heads , never shouting or those asian stereotype ... well the only surefire way i have discovered so far was to completely shut it down . i've had a gaming addiction for about 4 years now , and it got to the point of almost ruining my life . so i ... i've been learning japanese for 2 years , and i would say i am a lazy student . i can speak , read and construct sentences , but not at an adequate level , probably n4 level . i should have been n3 by now , ... alright i just came back from korea , and man was it exciting . i got lost in the streets of jeju for an hour , went to nami island ( where the winter sonata drama was shot ) , went with my korean friends ... yeah i'm in school too , but it's so competitive and stressful that my friends in general try to avoid talking about it . i mean in 3 people scenarios , i'm fine as the other person could help me carry ... and may i ask why cl is the queen ? i love 2ne1 btw , their mv's are very interesting , especially i am the best . how about kawada mami , do you like her music ? oh a good answer , thank you . so do you just talk about common things , such as things around you to keep the conversation going ? as the only time i can become an extrovert is when i talk about my ... i hate mainstream american music , so i drifted towards kpop and jpop and it was great . one of my favorites is hot young bloods by park bo young ( i think that was the title ) i'm the opposite though , i am not lenient to people and instead care more about animals . animals listen , people don't . i vaguely understand it now , but still , i hate it whenever i go to an argument with an emotional person . i keep calm in an argument , say the logical things and almost all the time my reasoning is ... that depends on the isfj's closeness / relationship with their religion . if the religion plays a major role in shaping their life or provides more security ( which is mostly the case since you can fight ... i think personally that isfjs have the need to belong , and usually religion provides this belonging , that they need you and value you . i myself am a christian / catholic ( still debating on this ) by ... you , yes , you . that is like all the estj girls i have seen . usually relates to guys more , loves to debate , attracts the free-spirited , the alpha-female a . k . a mom , more masculine in personality but ... wow , those are just what i expected of the estj women's desired traits . though could you explain to me what passive aggressive and not playing the victim mean ? i never understood it .  . i agree , the best relationships start out as friendship , but then when girls start to have close guy friends , the girls start to lose interest in him right ( i mean you have a guy with the perfect ... yeah in society people generally equate intelligence with scores . i quite hate it but that's the only surefire way to measure one's ability to think critically . this might be a bit biased , but our society have gender differentiation , and being a guy , i am always expected to start the conversation first ( which gets annoying sometimes ) . ok the general rule for all isfjs is that we fear rejection , no ? we crave acceptance from others , especially our loved ones , and if we don't get that we go in depression mode . depression mode ... well i know at heart i am an isfj male , but due to society's standards and views of what a male should be like , and the school program i attend to ( international baccalaureate or ib ) , i feel that i ... can you explain more about the boring and adventurous part ? what is boring to you , and what is adventurous to you ? such as are they like a good talker , or does extreme sports , stuff like that .  ... ok , most of it is what i expected , except 6 and 7 . 6 came as a surprise , as i thought estjs prefer other e's due to their outgoing nature . 7 though , can you please elaborate ? best friends ? isn't ... so estj women , what do you prefer in a mate ? the qualities / characteristics / stereotypes , how they dress up , etc . anything . also are these a must ? : - hard working - gets good grades ( in ... your signature , please , it is beautiful but it's making my head dizzy . back to topic , i see your isfj mate is a healthy type . the unhealthy ones are very controlling in an indirect way . good job ... oh , my mistake then . i just thought that since most male isfj feel that they are a bit feminine , they have to fit into society's expectations . i mean male isfjs are caring , nice , passive , reserved , ... well male isfjs feel they have a duty to conform to male gender stereotypes . we on the outside express what society sees as manly , but on the inside we're likely a bit opposite on that . i don't know ... yes , i create a professional cold persona in public , staying quiet and expressionless . once in the company of friends or family though , i go full retard and become a crazy extrovert . agree with niss . guys in general gain their confidence and joy through respect , either from your loved ones or friends or coworkers or boss , and many more . respect usually defines us , so we like it ... wow that's good to know , very good to know in fact . wouldn't want beautiful you being second place right ? it also shows that he's definitely not an isfj , since isfjs is loyal almost to their death if ... just to clarify , it was not inappropriate touching . we just do it to get a laugh from friends , and he sometimes teases me with pinching me painfully ( it hurts quite a bit ) but i don't get pissed or ... the thing is that i usually do that to him everyday , just to get his reaction and he usually gets annoyed but that's it . i was surprised when he got really angry that time ( rarely happens ) and could ... hmm understood . is it that bad ? can you elaborate why ? so to the intps , specifically the males , what do you do when you get angry ? so in the morning i was touching my intp friend , though he was cranky and asked me to stop . in the end i just gave him a ... hmm , well then i guess i'll try to find out more about the other personality types . thank you :) ooh , seems like i'm not an anomaly . i thought we needed to fit exactly like the description given , thanks for the heads up ! :) what this guy said . you could either choose the path of safety , or risk the path of danger . safety means you stop trying , nothing will happen yet you won't feel content / happy . danger means you keep ... well , i've been thinking lately . some people identify themselves as isfj , and isfj are usually typed as hardworking individuals who are caring , nice and avoids conflict . yet i myself am not as ... seems i'm late to a party , but just wanted to give you a tip . keep in touch with him and reassure him that you won't leave / lose interest in him . we need that trust , that commitment , as if you leave ... the amount of dreamers here are so much , going second is explorer , so much people ... well my results were : anchor by the book , buttoned down , stalwart anchors have an affinity for ... '