' mostly negative , not many good ones left out there . fclc was excellent ! durarara was great by far the original series was the best imho , freezing was pretty good too . i hope they make another season . narruto shippuden for sure ! although it's about to end . owari no seraph , new season is about to start watch season one , post apocalyptic drama pretty good imho . gundam build fighters including try , ... go many different people write for the site . social scientists find that introverts see the world more accurately than extroverts http://www.lifehack.org/articles/communication/10-reasons-why-introverts-are-incredibly-attractive-people-2.html ... the world is fucked up , accept it . people are fucked up , accept this too . the thing that i had to learn is suffer fools gladly . it's all you really can do about it , find you passion and what ... i understand and somewhat agree . i used to think this way , but now i don't . there are people in this world that are fubared and they will never change the worst part about it is that they want you to be right there with them , being ... yep sure can , i just try not to go there , but as i have stated before , people take kindness for weakness . sometimes you just have to bury your foot in someones ass before they understand . it really is all about stereotypes in our society and being in the cool kids club , some people in this thread have stated it infp is pretty much not acceptable . i think a lot of us are happy , we are ... i have met a couple in real life that i have spent time around , both of them women . one of them was very isfj , orderly , kind , very friendly and had extremely high morals . she was very very warm and ... imho a lot of what women want is cracked and quite confused . their thoughts on alpha male status = cracked and usually fits in the jerk category . assertive = most do not know what being assertive ... this is true , most people are not trustworthy . a lot of people are not trustworthy , and in addition to that they don't really care about what is going on with you anyways . wow , sorry to hear that , it must get frustrating ... i have been in situations where my co workers have been very bright and in some where they have not been so bright . i agree there have been times where i have sat at my desk and face palmed like wtf ? lmao , yhea :) wait ... ccna will help , knowing back end will help you in any chosen it career path you chose to take . top ten it skills in demand for 2015 - technology jobs & training 10 hottest it skills ... programing , web development , dba support and others you have to earn your stripes usually . it's not that google is rated as a bad company , it is just that , working for google may not be in line with what a cs graduate or another graduate may want to achieve . why recent graduates should not work for google - forbes don't work for cisco , heck of lay offs ... google while being awesome , isn't exactly the crem del la crem anymore , a lot of cs majors forego working there , amazon has potential ... welcome to the game , read this book , hacking the it cube : the information technology survival guide - - douglas chick let me tell you first off that support is not where you want to be for long ... sensitive the movie , i may go see the film . it is 32 dollars a ticket where i'm at . ecto / endo strange right ? just thought i would share , i know a lot of us ponder why infps don't fit in , however a lot of these traits scream infp . happy reading and have a good one ! 11 signs of a likeable person . i second this and third it as well ! the false glamor of pickup culture x93 someone needs to get laid . x94 is one of the stock responses to one who shies from conventional social venues . the ultimate proof to the socialite of an ... i was just kinda agreeing with your post and it reminded me of something i read . 9 months , and probably not going to put myself through it again . i'm also not a perfectionist when it comes to relationships . there just are not many suitable matches out there , and im not trying to come from the angle of being all that . haters dont help much either , you get tired of it , they talk the most shit about you ... having gone through something similar to this myself , the big question you should ask yourself is do you really need them ? imho any real positive change in your life is going to come from , you ... tai chi zero check it out hard to find then ... so very ... very ... hard why people are so fucked up and play games , is socializing making friends or relationships worth it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd0S0LwhEDU perplexed hell yes ! i'm into it , i'm not good at programming yet , my syntax sucks , i'm far better at net sec . i just came to this realization myself , i understand where you are coming from completely . except in my case , my intention is to not go through it again . not worth the time , money and energy . heh , there are so many other post on this topic already :P however long story short , imho if you take the description of infp at face value , then it will probably make you want to be something ... where are you connecting from work , home , and how are you connecting to the internet ? also what dns servers are you using ? : th_love : in my 20s i was more apt to get inebriated however now i do not like getting drunk really 100 % eevees are awesome ! could be the moon :) j / k but seriously all testing engines are not equal , all that matters is that if you have done the work , and if you are a 4w5 then you are a 4w5 . don't worry about conforming ... http://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/bob-black-anarchy-101Anarchism is an idea about the best way to live . anarchy is a way of living.anarchism is the idea that government ( the state ) is ... a troll , a clear indicator of being a loser , with mental issues , in all probability a loser with either drug or mental issues.you probably should not care , but i guess being a pothead would probably ... not true , the government is dirty and will use any means necessary to get what they want , you can not trust the government with anything especially your data the less they know about you the better ... '