' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtH68PJIQLE of the didn't get it until now variety . poor thing has less than 400 plays on rdio . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nYh5Y9suUY&list=PLpDB10mTqx4DEyORz1uQ4NE-tofH0n6px age of ultron ; was good , though not nearly as much as the first . intp . the middle ages . easily . thinks lightning isn't a boring character . likes a show that's been stagnating in quality the last few years ; and likes one of the worst companions in it . likes prog / pop rock and / or art pop . likes to be seen as dark and brooding , but is actually the opposite . abortion : pro-choice health care : privatize it . economy : capitalism ; flat tax . environment / climate change : agree with climate change being real , but i'll let someone else worry about the ... ever tried listening to peace sells ... but who's buying ( megadeth ) or the downward spiral ( nine inch nails ) . both of those are pretty good ; the former is probably one of the best metal albums ever . ... neon genesis evangelion sword art online cowboy bebop gonna go for the low hanging fruit , and say mainstream pop artists ( katy perry , maroon 5 , etc . ) though , admittedly , i think lady gaga gets too much shit since she's mainstream . she's bloody talented , ... kendrick lamar and kanye west very much so ( including this one ) . intp . experimental r & b hip-hop / rap indie rock hard rock post-rock indie pop electronic synthpop since it's not often i listen to individual songs , i'll list a couple of albums ( going off of what i've listened to this year , which wasn't a lot ) . lamar's to pimp a butterfly is fantastic ( easily ... check out 8chan ' s / mu / ( or even halfchan ) . you'll be hard pressed to find anyone who doesn't like gy ! be . intp . multiple genres , although probably predominantly indie rock and pop . some bands : captain beefheart and his magic band , arcade fire , animal collective , scars on broadway , system of a down , death ... dorks . lol , the whole post was just an attempt at humor , anyway . people who use latin phrases in a primarily english internet forum . you are an architect architects are analytical thinkers who like to work in the physical world . their diverse nature translates in their ability to think intellectually and apply what they know ... the whole point of it being liberal eugenics is to establish a distinction between it and the coercive social philosophy . liberal eugenics is genetic enhancement before birth ; since it's basically ... intp . tied between luna lovegood and neville . luna because she's intelligent , fun , and quirky as shit ; neville , because in the first few books / movies , he starts out being this basically dunce ... ellie , from the last of us ; she's intelligent and witty . remember me ( ps3 ); when it first released , people were bitching about it left and right , so i expected it to suck ass , but no , it's not too bad , honestly . the combat is horrendous , but that's really ... whatever people say i am - arctic monkeys yeah ... i'm going to call bollocks on my responses being too short to sufficiently / accurately judge my type . glaucousdreamer used the exact same questionaire as i , and , including questions , the ... you struggle to open your eyes against a piercing , deathly bright light . it's almost as if you can't force your eyes open , at all , even though you're applying all your concentration to such a menial ... so , it's been around four hours ; is there any reason that it seems people are avoiding this as if it were the bubonic plauge ? is it too long ; do i just need to wait longer , or something ? advocacy of liberal eugenics ; it would make humanity inherently superior , and the only legitimate argument is that it will be relegated to the rich . of course , like all technologies , it would ... i've actually been thinking about this , recently . female : artemis [ ophelia lupus ] male : alexander first names are definite ; middle and last , still thinking about . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... yeah , i'm actually probably more intp , since that's the type i tend to get in mbti tests and such . why thank you , the borg that came from the sea . personal by my username , unsurprisingly . male . location : united states . texas . both born in and currently live . nope , no real story about it . as to where i'd go , if i could . london or ... i'm currently a junior in highschool ( age : 17 ) . i'm a closet atheist , due to my entire family being devoutly christian , close enough to be fanatical ( i . e . , anti gay marriage ) . i'm a libertarian , and ... '