' beware of infj stereotypes . we're not all door slammers ( imo those are isfps , which commonly mistype as us , probably more often than we type ourselves correctly ) . we're extremely introspective . we ... i'm having this same issue . pm notification but no new pm , and clicking on the icon just brings me to my pm box ... did you read my whole post ? : happy : i'm asking because the point you seem to be making is the same point i was trying to make in mine , we're not in disagreement here . but i'll try to explain some ... well , first you have to consider the meaning of ' mature ' . maturity has different definitions across different context ( social , sexual , intellectual , emotional , etc ... ) someone may be mature in one ... i've actually wondered if it was related to feeling myself . since my dad , as an intj doesn't have this problem . but my mother , isfj , sometimes does . i mean , she's not adhd-ish like i am , and she used ... yes , a thousand times yes . when i need to have something repeated ( which is often ) one of the following as happened : i didn't hear what they said clearly enough my mind wandered off when ... a lot of people mistype as infjs . that alone is going to cause different responses here , but on this particular matter i think it could go either way , infjs can be either clean or messy , financially ... tolerance to other's beliefs isn't really fi or fe . it could go both ways . i've seen fi types out right dissociate from people who have beliefs that go against their core values and fe types that are ... he's just not that into you okay , this has it's merits , but it assumes a generic intent / behavior dynamic that isn't always true of the person in question . what if he's not calling because he ... i think we can get along great , but communication is important . we have none of the same functions in common so the likelihood that one would misunderstand the other is high . without communication , ... infj is infp in myers briggs . in socionics , the switch the j and p for the introverts , and make it lower case to show the difference . it's a common cause of confusion when switching between the two ... yes . the meaning that you perceive is not coming from the object , it's coming from the objects in your unconscious . ni can really cloud your vision at times , i know , i've been there , i lost the ... don't know if i can relate to that . saying the same sentence over and over . ni impressions are non verbal , usually . sometimes it's hard to put them to words . so i'm not likely to focus on once ... eh , i didn't watch the video , but based on the responses in this thread i think i know what it was about . i have a value system , but i strive for consistency as well , and one of my core beliefs is ... i can be . i got overwhelmed easily when i did online dating . but i wasn't as confident in myself as i was back then , and i think that had a lot to do with it . i always had this fear that once ... ne pulls meaning from the object , ni is stimulated by the object but pulls the meaning from the unconscious . i understand the present by making sense of the past . ni is like a guidebook to life ... you are not abnormal . don't let your struggle to fit into society mold this idea into your head . you are misunderstood because you are rare , but that rarity does not mean you are abnormal , that there ... sometimes the words don't exist to explain it . i'll try to explain what i see in my mind , what i understand ... and the other person misunderstands , so i try to explain it again ... and so on . it ... no no no no . that's infj that supposedly supervises entps . infj is infp in mbti . socionics switches the j and p around and makes it a little letter to show the difference . it's because infps are ... double post , whoops . / i think entps are great . for the relationship to work though , it's crucial that the infj has ti developed , and the entp wouldn't hurt to have fe developed either . i read a lot of complaints from ... ni isn't close minded at all . sometimes it makes one see in tunnelvision but general speaking it's on the same page as ne in terms of openness . some of the most narrowminded people i've met are ... sure you don't use ni ? i know that mbti describes the f dichotomy as sympathetic and all , and usually it is , however , we all are fs , ts , ns , and ss , ( you're mbti type only has the first two functions in it's name ) . ever ... i know what it's like . you have people all around you who care about you but you feel so alone because you're craving a sort of connection that's not there . for me it's a mental / intuitive ... bojack and diane from bojack horseman , if anyone has ever seen that ( it's netflix creation ) . though i'm not sure about bojack being an entp . i sort of see him as a washed up entp at the end of his ... how do you determine which view is better than another ? you say that being an independent free thinker is better , but what about the sj who says it's better to do what you're told because the ... yeah i hear them say i keep it real all the time , and i have no idea what they're talking about . i think my concept of ' real ' is a tad bit different from there's . but you did say like to think ... build a stronger argument and it wouldn't happen . that's what ti is for ! :P we're cognitively programmed to value our strengths , else we wouldn't use our dominant function . i mean , if i thought seeing the deeper meaning in things / being metaphorical / abstract was absolutely ... i think it's an n thing . i do it do . so does my dad ( intj ) . my infp is always taken back by how fast i can call out the upcoming plot twists , so perhaps n dominance has an advantage over auxiliary . i find that people are drawn to those who have their dominant function but oriented in the opposite direction , so ne is drawn to ni , se to si , fe to fi , and so on . i think the reason for this has ... infjs have fe , so we extrovert our feelings and talk about them too . getting all emotional and not wanting to talk about it seems extremely passive aggressive and childish , imo . honestly , i see this ... strong values does not necessarily mean fi . are your values feeling based ? if someone makes fun of something you like , do you acknowledge that they have a right to their opinion or do you get ... there are certain types i'm more compatible with than others , so i would use it to narrow my searches ... but that being said , mistypes are too damn easy . i learned my lesson after many months .  ... bascially you're mad because you didn't give her any logical reason to come to that conclusion , she figured it out anyway , and it's all her fault because she perceived what you didn't intend for her ... does it seem as if your thoughts are spinning around your mind in circles when you try to figure him out ? something like : he's flirting with me maybe he likes me , but what if he's doesn't and ... just tell them you don't see it happening ! it's not that big of a deal , really . disappointments are a part of life , rejection happens . if it hasn't happened to them yet , it will eventually and ... i can understand the need for the but what is this ? question , to some extent . if i'm at a point where i'm intimately involved with someone , want to be n a relationship with them , and they don't , i ... i don't think he was afraid of commitment , he did seem ... agitated ? during the conversation i had with him , but in hindsight , i think it may have been because he didn't want me on birth control , which ... i was mistyped as intp . ni descriptions absolutely suck . i related more to ti , but i had this was of rationalizing that the subjectivity of my perception was ne being filtered through ti then ... is that an sj thing ? lol , i would have guessed f doms were the type , given that feeling judgment is the first thing in the mental process . dominant intuitive like entps and infjs are more go with ... if he's flirting with you , and you're an infj , then he probably likes you more than a friend . entps and infj are magnetically drawn to each other , it's like some sort of ni ne mental attraction ... oh boy ! i can't wait to see what he posts on their forum ! hahaha , this is gonna be great . that intp is such an entp :P and the entp infj dynamic is the most amazing thing ever . wasn't going in that direction . here's an example of what i meant : i sometimes get told i'm weird as hell . compared to what's considered the norm , yeah , i'm pretty strange . but i'm not bothered ... why ? i'm having fun . here's a better idea , if it bothers you , don't read it . yep , or estp . though it is possible he's a self hating intp who projects his insecurities onto others . what if deep down , he loves science , but is so afraid of being associated with the ' dweebz ' ... yeah , i am rather nerdy . good observation ? honestly , i never understood the logic behind why it's insulting to call someone what they clearly are . if it's so offensive , then stop doing whatever it ... try this test : keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes it tests for functions rather than behaviors , and sometimes proves more accurate than the dichonomy ( j , p , , t , f , etc ) test you find online ... '