' my friends say i flirt a lot . that i'm probably the essence of flirting . lol . but i don't really know i'm flirting until my friends tell me i am . and usually , it happens when i'm comfortable with ... friends and family : i just go on their fb page , post on their wall saying i miss them for the world to see . or tweet them . text them , probably . sometimes , if it's a group , i post it on my wall and ... in 2009 , artist infp had her issues with her family and friends , but she has never been this down . when she started college , her general mood has deteriorated and her self-esteem crashed with it . and ... i currently have two online infp friends that are in / terrible / condition right now . though both don't know each other and are having two different problems , in general , they both feel very lonely ... i have three cousins : esfp , enfp and isfp . ever since i was little , i was closest with the isfp . he's the youngest and there was a time he idolized me and was gay but he was beaten with a belt ... ... i don't like kids ? it's one of my unexplained fears , really . xd i don't know , i'm just really afraid of them . i've always been the only child and though i'm eldest , the youngest cousin i grew ... the only sexual relationship i had was with my ex-gf ( i'm bi-sexual , and no it is not a phase ) . i'm a biggie for sex after marriage , but it was honestly difficult to resist her . i don't know what ... romantic relationships drive me insane when it isn't ended with a closure . or at least , i wasn't prepped for it . my first bf died when we were together . i was so furious at him for petty reasons ... actually , as a professional artist when i graduate , the minimum pay that i will earn for a logo is p15 , 000 ( which is about $ 341 ) each . that's with or without approval , said professor . if i pursue ... romantic is a difficult term to describe for me . i mean , what are the limits ? idk , i love love and i'm probably the only person in our group of friends that can actually appreciate when two ... we had oral communication class a few terms ago . i was always the one my teacher would gladly extend the time for mainly because i had conviction and drive when i'm passionate about the topic . i ... only if it's sweets and chocolates . xd it's more of my cousins that hoard food , though . lol . she's also very particular with her weight . c : my bestfriend is an enfj , her bf is an esfj . sure they have fights and esfj seems shallow for us ( at least because he needs to be told than read between the lines ) , but he really loves enfj and they ... i switch from entj to enfj each time i take the test , so i just went with reading deeper into the two and decided i was an enfj . although believe me when i say that as you grow , your perceptions ... http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y101/robinrecato/newpet.png i just recently changed styles to this , so yeaaah . i'm selling it off as a pet in virtual pet list , so eyup ~ there are interests but as ... nessa ... dr . dillamond ... fiyero ... fiyeeerrrooo ! - no good deed , wicked lol . kidding aside . if you ask me now , i'd write all wicked stuff cause i'm currently addicted with that . ... yes , i do love really deep conversations and i find that it's the main reason why i have a lot of contacts . i usually branch out to people , especially new friends . sometimes , even when we're new ... mostly because of the under stress part . i don't turn into a control freak when i'm stressed ( though i don't deny there are times , especially with deadlines , that i just push it all the way just so ... i generally like complements and ego-boosters , but i don't crave them . most of the time , i shy away from them or get pissed because of them . i do better with criticisms , even if that's not natural ... i forgot to mention that all of my other enfj friends sometimes dress in really girly clothes , really boyish clothes or clothes that just say i don't feel like dressing up today so i just wore a ... lol , i can relate to that so much . i can't for the life of me fess up what i feel for a person in fear of ruining our relationship . xd i fell for an enfj about a year ago . i've never had someone ... i myself usually detach from people i'm close with . not because i don't like them , but because i like to meet other people and dedicate most of my time for these new people . though , i will not throw ... it's mainly why i can't sleep properly at night ? my brain decides to sermon me and i just can't stop it from doing so ( so i flush it out with music and hope that i can sleep earlier ) . i don't ... ohgod , now i know how my friends feel like when i give them my assessment of their personality types . one of them told me he felt naked ... and now i feel the same . everything you said was so true ... i have 3 other enfj friends . we're all very competitive . lol . the first time i was part of their class , it seemed like we were all out to get each other . like , we had inside jokes with each other and ... i get entj and enfj results each time i take tests , so at first i was so confused . both were pretty accurate for me and like i said , i don't doubt i used to be an entj and lived most of my life as of ... i know , double post , but lol , this fits my situation so much http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpwgs7vsGl1qbhxibo1_500.gif she also snobbed me today in school . : u i just . hnnng . sadly , my cousin exhibits strong racism he even teases me with my darker skin tone , but he doesn't blatantly hurt me or anyone . he just kind of likes to laugh at racist jokes and use them as a form ... i understand completely . in high school , i wasn't as friendly with people compared to now and i was around the smart , academically inclined people . i joined the citizen army training school ... tomorrow is my last day . lol . we just have to submit the mock radio stations and we're done . i'm just really scared cause he disregarded our midterm grades and said that our final grade is completely ... i can so relate to that . xdd most of the time , people think i'm really shallow and bubbly , then suddenly bam words of wisdom they didn't think i had . lol . it's fun , though . xd i'm scared for my sound design grade . i might actually fail . i'm also scared for all of my subjects this term . i decided to not give a damn about it because i was so put off of studying with what ... thanks for the replies ~ i could have sworn i replied on this already , but i don't see my reply . lol . anyway , i spent about two hours shopping and i can think clearer about this situation . i have ... i'm turning 20 on september , she's just 19 . we're second year college . which is why i wonder why she problems about how popular people are . i thought that was all high school fluff . i was just really surprised with what she said . i didn't really think of her to be capable of saying whatever she said and it was really frustrating for me . i guess the shock just really took me by ... do anyone of you value social hierarchy ? do you strive to be popular or keep a high social status ? just wondering cause my friend and i were talking about this and something she said kind of ... i like girly things , but i never indulge . i don't usually wear skirts or dresses , but i love wearing them when i do . i just don't find it very important to dress up for school . i go there every ... normally , i don't care what others think of me . i have a lot of different sets of friends so of course i can't just keep telling everyone my life . i do tend to hide a lot of things that people think ... i switch from enfj and entj each time i get tests . though , i have found that enfj fits me more than entj , but i don't deny that i may have been entj most my life . i grew up with t's for friends ... lol . i was about to post an infp / enfj thread since i kind of find my new infp friend very interesting and the connection between the two of us were almost immediate . she's been friends with all ... those sound really fun ! my mom said lion king was really boring for the most of it and that she fell asleep . but she doesn't share the same passion for musical theater as i do . in fact , i really ... anyone else here is a theater enthusiast like i am ? i've been watching plays ever since i was young , but i stopped watching them for a while to concentrate on studies . when my aunt said they ... my istp bestfriend and i had this major issue because i didn't open my life up to her when i knew everything about her ... but she never asked me what she wanted to know so i didn't know what to tell ... well , i sort people . lol acquaintances : once i meet a person , i consider them as a friend . i will then take the initiative to be friends and converse with them for a while . sometimes , i just ... razvan well , the two enfjs you said are actually intjs . xd yes , both of them . lol . and the one kickboxing , she's enfj ( and no , that's not me at 0:04 ) . :) ) she does actually show a lot of enfp ... it's the opposite for me . xd with so many friends , i barely even feel that i need to involve myself into someone else's life . in fact , i tell my friends that if at one point i seem to not talk or be ... yep , it's the same with me . i actually told one of my enfj friends ( she was starting to be clingy ) that if one day , i suddenly stop talking to her or i don't talk to her as often , she should take it ... generally , to me a very enfj song that may describe enfjs very well is cameo lover by kimbra . it can go both ways . there are enfjs that are so guarded that they tend to keep their emotions to ... ... one of my intj and one of my istj is like this . lol . i just keep myself detached and let them fuss over things . idk about you , but what i do is show them that i also have a life to bother with ... not infp but i own tons of animals . i love dogs . i have a shih tzu i cannot let go of . the breed is not super high maintenance dogs . you just have to groom them properly . i used to have two and i ... '