' she strikes me as having a lot of ne and fe , but i'm not sure of her type . why do you type her as infj ? that's an interesting idea . this really resonates , and i think there are a lot of dichotomies inherent in the infj personality that result from a ni-ti inner world which is possibly the most abstract , detached combination , and ... i relate to all of this , and it is a curiosity to me because i could write a set of encyclopedias on all the reasons i should be sexually suppressed , and i guess i am except in a trusted ... i would suggest finding a time when she is not stressed , but calm and clear , and ask her directly about it . ask what you've done to cause the problem , and what both of you can do to solve it . you ... :( is there a way you can travel or take some time apart ? some people do things like teach english overseas for six weeks in the summer . that is just a random example of the type of thing that could ... wow , this is really surreal to read because i definitely relate to all of it . i've ended up with a lot of chronic fatigue too , and i think it is because there is so much pain and problem solving that ... both times i ended long term relationships , i took about a year getting the person set us as perfectly as possible , so it would be easy for them . this last time was the hardest , but i made sure he ... [ / i ] [ / color ] i have these contrasts , although i mostly feel a lot of inner dichotomies between the ni-ti loop and the fe-se loop . i can get very lost in the abstract in a lot of unresolved thinking ... blue heron olivia dunham from fringe also jane eyre i have known and loved many different nf artists and have recently been reflecting on how different various types of imagination can be . i recently went to visit my sister ( infp ) and she told me ... since i don't know about your profession , his profession , and / or any hobbies involved , i have no idea how you would apply this advice . i can relate to being attracted to shy , distant guys and am ... do you have a place in your house where spiders go to die ? i now officially hate most of humanity and distrust virtually the whole lot of them . my feelings are especially directed at socially competitive women who bully each other by innocently flirting ... i'm trying to overcome insecure jealousy now , and am wondering if i'm even ready for a relationship anymore . my first serious relationship i was the jealous type with an intp guy who felt zero ... i'm back to thinking he's infj . he has way too much ni and fe when you talk to him . i think he is just enneagram 9 like i probably am . i'm also extremely laid back and drawn towards music and dance ... are you an intp ? i'm an infj stuck in a ni-ti loop :oP https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCUCBCL8KKQ rather infpish , but i'm enough of an nf to be lurvin this one ... it seems like a reasonable enough question and yet there are those inclined to ingest anything with colorful enough sparkles . i'm a little confused , but my main advice to everyone is don't step in or eat the poop , even if it is rainbow colored - * especially * if it is rainbow colored . one thing that surprises me about myself is that i could write an entire encyclopedia set of books to list all the reasons i should be sexually inhibited , but i'm not . i had sexual abuse , a mother ... i find it helpful to re-contextualize the question into something that can be thought about from a distance . in life , would it be better to experience physical sensation or feel nothing at all ? ... i felt terribly isolated in high school and as life progressed it has gradually gotten better . one thing i would tell any young infj , especially if lonely and depressed , is that the only certainty is ... do you find this true of infjs , or do you assume people who converse with you in this manner are infjs ? coherency is important to me , but having a dominant perceiving function it is an impossible ... human attraction is rather instinctual and random . i've read that by the age of five our impressions of what kinds of people make us feel safe and appeal to us are set . i've noticed in myself that i ... an abstraction of the abstract . i'll try to be more specific later , but i find systems of symbols and ideas to be too concrete . concepts can exist without linguistic definition , so it's like fluid ... empathy i also agree with those who posted : eternal sunshine of the spotless mind amelie as much as i enjoyed the matrix , i would classify it more as an intj head-trip , but still a ni based ... may carrie donnie darko jane eyre ( even a little telepathy going on here ) nell ( although not necessarily because she is an infj because she might not be . ) when reading over lists of enfp musicians , i have to say i think most of the ones i've seen listed are esfps . i have known and worked with several hard-core enfp musicians and they have no filter ... this is some of what jung says about inferior se in the infj , and i find i relate to quite a bit of it . we spend so much time thinking about ni , that it's easy to forget to think about how we relate ... wow , daniel day lewis is a hard-core infj . it's great to see such a clear example of a male infj . he has the distant objectivity / empathy dichotomy nailed . thanks for sharing that , . i was a bit more of the initiator , which is also a shock because i'm horrible at flirting and dating . i just take risks when it's important to me . he is much more of a responder than initiator . i ... i don't think he is an extrovert because his presence is very quiet . one of the first times i met him was after we had all performed on a concert and he just quietly came up and stood next to me and ... thanks , chimeric . that is helpful . like me his main passion is music , but a completely broad range of music , and also astronomy and a sense of meaning and understanding the nature of the universe ... based on this he definitely isn't enfp . he is an unusually good listener and he doesn't talk and move that fast . he will go way out of his way to accommodate people and will stay in a relationship if ... thanks , miya , that is an interesting and helpful approach . i'll have to think about it quite a bit though . i have links to videos of him performing , but since they aren't anonymous , i hesitate to ... perhaps i should mention that the bands he likes to see are often black metal or death metal , and some have the most intensely dark emotional expression known to mankind , but some of them are about ... the funny thing is that the guy i'm involved with feels like he falls exactly between the two types . i also have a laid-back , silly streak . there is a confusing way that people whose dominant ... trent reznor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JXFCq5QaE0 i agree with the first part . is it horrible to say that i don't trust anyone , including myself , implicitly in all things ? i want to draw charcoal images of a particular person and he agreed to it , but the impulse in me to do it is much stronger than what would be normal . i think about it a lot . i think it's that whole ... in some ways the differences might seem obvious , but sometimes i'll meet someone who is clearly an nf and clearly an n-dom , but a case could be made for either type . what are some of the differences ... in some ways the differences might seem obvious , but sometimes i'll meet someone who is clearly an nf and clearly an n-dom , but a case could be made for either type . what are some of the differences ... the character donny darko like with most things , i have an inner dichotomy of clinginess and independence . i'm mostly independent , but when i have no one in an environment i can count on , i feel a great deal of pain . i don't ... ntps are evil demons who roam the earth to feed on our souls . dear bratty , selfish , manipulative girl , if we lived in caveman days , i would have knocked you out with a club and dragged you to the nearest village of idiots a year ago , but alas we don't ... i only take a lead role if i'm working on a people oriented system professionally , like planning a musical or a recital . in that way i'm organized and can plan out rehearsals and cast people well , ... clearly , but also nuanced . metaphor and symbol are an important part of that . let me give an example of one type of direct communication i have found ideal . if i'm interacting with a person and ... '