' so i have a personal website i created for mbti quiz for . cpp is trying to tell me to take my quiz off i know myers briggs and mbti are trademarks . but by using the term briggs myers is ... if you guys dont know , peter joseph made the film zeitgeist . if you dont konw about the film , then you should definitely watch it . does anybody konw about him ? he seems like a entp to me . wat you ... i would confront her asking why she did that , and tell her its not nice wow , a tornado just hit your room with great power comes great responsibility :) swordsman of mana hey bro , dont listen to others . do what you gotta do to get to where you want to go . we only have one life , and its short . why ... i believe they do . as you can see , some dogs are very hyper and some are more chillaxed . next / possible careers entrepreneur ( 9 ) current careers ymca counselor for teenagers ( 7 ) internet marketing (8 . 5 ) past careers when people are disrespectful and invades my privacy . username : no idea ... age : 24 location : new york city relationship status : single and ready to mingle what do you look like ? fucking sexy its awkward only if you think its awkward . to answer this question what happened to you that made you less awkward ? , for me , i tried to stop my negative thoughts and just stay in the moment and be ... http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc3/12531_648335393592_8117508_37771415_4721637_n.jpg im the one of the left congratz ! but remember to be a careful driver . and remember to shut your trunk and passenger door before driving off ( something i often forget ) . may i ask how much you got it for ? while i was randomly searching on youtube , i found this awesome video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7X7sZzSXYs , and thought about you guys . enjoy . souled in and rim . i think you guys are stressing too much over your type . my recommendation is just relax and forget about mbti or enneagram for like 2-4 weeks , and come back with a fresh new mind ... from the movie , green lantern is entp . spiderman isfp ? swordsman of mana , i guess you got a point . for a second , i got confused between rap and hip hop . but there are exceptions rap has a bad rep because of the earlier generation , which most of it dealt with violence , sex , drugs . but it has revolutionized over the past years . and it talks about life , government , and love ... still trying to figure my type , but so far i got 3w4 5w6 8w9 sp / sx viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , ... dream job is not having a job how many people would even konw what a enfp is . i talk to a few of my friends regarding mbti , but none of them ever heard of it , including some ppl thats psych major . get into hon guys . many people have the qualities listed . i think its a technique to make money and control the masses . lol , yeah makes no sense to me . but the shocking thing is that these vidoes get so many thumb ups / likes . sooo , i was just surfing the web and i stumble upon this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nkv4_wIJ_5g these are people that think they are descendants from other planets . after doing a bit of ... you are a benevolent inventor . i use to smoke it daily during my last year in college , but never really addicted . i was just surrounded by too many potheads . but pot can be really useful . i smoke it to sleep . and i smoke it when ... peace out ! best of luck you avatar pic looks very 4ish i love your song . i love you :) no homo i played it and loved it . used to have like a new deck every few days . but cant relate on waht u saying about te . although i had a entp friend that was really good at it . im enfp and i need sex rim , in order to find your type , you need to read a book instead of taking tests . you would also need to go out and experience the world . after some struggles and hardships , you will get to know ... please dont try to control an enfp lol . i think thats like one of the worst thing that could happen to me . in my opinion , the more you try to control , the more he will run away . i have been studying myself lately and i wil share it . my introversion and extroversion varies from time to time . if i go out everyday , eventually i would get use to the social setting and be an ... personally , im nonchalant about holidays because i dont see the purpose of it . i know its nice when people get together and have fun . but , we can do it on any other regular day without the excuse of ... summer > spring > fall > winter . everyday should be summer because there just so many hours of sunlight in the day . makes me depress when i dont get enough sunlight . :( try mafia , its really fun with group of friends whatever happens , life is a fucking joke ; laugh it up . its also a scary thing , imagine someone else knows your darkest secrets , understands you deep down and can predict your every move . i rather not have someone that knows me that well from your writings , you seem like a 8w7 enfp with a strong t . and of course everyone is different . we all came from different background , grew up differently , at different stages of life , from ... as for me , i dont show my feelings . poeple see me as this logical and insightful person that makes the best decisions , they dont see the emotional side of me , they dont see that i cry to myself ... just a year ago back in university , i didnt have a sleep schedule , i would just took naps whenever im tired . i thouhgt to myself im good as long as i make it to classes . currently , i sleep around 5am ... a girl that takes initiative can be a turn on for me . for example , planning date , asking to hang out , kisses and hugs me for no reason . okay , the question is too board , let me rephrase my answer . i dont google or facebook the people i know . however , i google famous / successful people . for exmaple , i google people like steve jobs . so ... dont konw about others , but i do not . i simply do not care that much about other peoples lives to google them thanks for all the comments , i know what to do now recently my intj friend just ended a relationship and is jobless . he is quite sad and in a depressive mood . as a good friend i hate to see him sad . what are smoe things i should say to help . what can ... i dont watch sports , overall i dont watch tv much . i would watch it occasionally when i hear my friends talk about it . however , i play all sorts of sports and pretty good at them . thats because ... im a guy , not sure if this would help . but i guess if u dont find him attractive , then u can be friends . i dont think its wrong if u guys could keep that emotional distance , but being enfp i think ... muchaparadox im pretty close iwth 2 entps , a female and a male . even though they both extroverts , they still value their alone time . i think enps are both introverted extroverts which needs alot ... '