' my friends call me hangry when i'm angry . because i only usually show i'm angry when i'm hungry . - ___ - dear istj , i wonder what you would say , or how you would react , if i told you how i feel about you ? i think you are so beautiful . i think you are my perfection . it's scary because you are ... four more sleeps till my 5 week trip to canada and america to perform at various international festivals ! i love my life for real now . :) eeeep exciting ! i have procrastinated this stupid little assignment , that i have told myself is beneath me but really , i'm just scared of it . and now it's overwhelmed me . #sighs . sometimes , i hate it when i ... my best friend's little adopted sister committed suicide a few days ago . she had hung herself on a playground near her boyfriend's house where she was staying . growing up in a small town , we all ... prayers for myers briggs types istj : lord help me to relax about insignificant details beginning tomorrow at 11:41 . 23 am e . s . t . istp : god help me to consider people's feelings , even if most of ... grabs maltesers , sits back , and waits for knowledgeable answers that ensue ... i had to move cities to realize that i had it too . but not anymore either . (: i chose video games , because i'm not much of a movie connoisseur . but me and crash bandicoot ? we go waay back . :) i don't think i have a problem so much with people trying to speak over / for me . my problem was with my mother who always spoke for me in a different sense . volunteering me to help people that she ... when you would rather hibernate that socialize . when you wander off exploring lil ' exerts of nature by yourself . another idea borrowed from our istj friends and whoever else they borrowed it from before then etc . mine first : you doubt you're an enfp when ... you write up to do lists everyday and tick ... 1 . i don't have a best friend . 270 12.75 % 2 . enfp - the inspirers 211 9.96 % - does this mean we enfps are good at being best friends ? :) 3 . intj - the scientists 208 9.82 % 4 . infp - the ... this because i feel connected to my land : http://www.southernrata.co.nz/site/southernrata/images/large/550x999/greenstone%20pendant%20kawkawa%20variety%20lightened.jpg these have always always ... i'm still really happy since my last post up there ^ ... about the same thing really . that i'm self-actualizing ! like i always dreamed i would . finally . i love my life , really and truly now ! i think one of my big ones is eye contact . if i'm really interested in any person , i will make an effort to gaze intensely into the windows of their soul and try and read their minds . i'd sing me heaps of songs , i'd go exploring heaps , and i'd make me a friend to keep me company . reference : cast away and wilson . i live for language . i speak samoan ( my native language ) , french , a bit of spanish and my favorite is english . it is my dream to learn the following languages : maori , sign language , italian , more ... i'm an enfp and i hate when people are just generally unaware . gryffindor hard . so i could be next to ronald weasley . kookytookie i love that your dog is your bestie . really wish i could have a dog ! what's stopping me ? i dunno ! i want a nephew / niece of a dog . one i could babysit and love , and then give back to ... well , she seems bored because all she does is mope around the house . if i were her , i would be exploring , walking round our local mall ( which is literally a 5 minute walk away ) , walking up all the ... liza _200 i think i might have found a instinctual variant finder test thingy : check it out and see if it works for you ! i think it did for me (: cheers . enneagram variant test i need to get out more . my random joke for today : working people frequently ask retired people what they do to make their days interesting . well , for example , the other day , mary my wife and i went into town and ... copied from our friends over at istj ( thanks niss ) this is a forum for anything and everything random , that can't fit into any of our other awesome enfp threads . current mood : annoyed because i am currently having to babysit a 17 year old for these school holidays , that won't use any initiative and be proactive .. instead she insists to mope around home , ... thanks liza ! finally have my tritype ! question , do you know how i know find the letters that go on ze end ? sp / sx / so ? viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... i recorded this song on to my tape cassette recorder off the radio when i was young . i've always known the lyrics ( well , my version of the lyrics anyways ) , but every time i tried to google it , i ... viva and that's exactly the tattoo my enfp bestie and i want to get ! enfp thing ? lol . i quit my job last year to pursue my dream . i am older than most of the students in my class ... in the beginning , i was gutted that i was one of the oldest . mourning my lost time , since i should have ... i have to do mop the floors , do grocery shopping , and do my washing . and perhaps make some dinner . i sooo do not want to do any of the above . sighs . #wastingtime why a hammer and sickle ? ya . i is like you . i don't have any either , because i wouldn't be satisfied with a stagnant design forever more . i wish i could have one though . like , a small music note somewhere no one would know ... do you have a tattoo ? if so , cool ! what do you have ? and what is the meaning behind it ? if not , and you do want one , what would you get and why ? if not , and you will never want one , why not ? i asked a similar question myself not long ago either ; this is part of what a wise person responded to me with : itx 92s at times like this that we need to hang on to faith in the future , even though ... username : minesweeper queen - because i consider myself to be extremely good at minesweeper and i also didn't realize i could not change my username at a later date . age : 24 location : new ... i'm too stingy to spend money on something as superfluous & unnatural as cigarettes ; i'd rather spend money on other superfluous & unnatural things such as bubbles ( the ones you blow ) and eating out ... oh no ... it's not going according to my plan . it's hard enough for me to plan shiet . let alone try & deal to it once it doesn't work out . :/ i was banking on my pay out from work once i finish , to ... i am a changed person ; i have discovered the remedy to loneliness ( and thus escape of this ) , which is solitude . i am learning to love me . and to rediscover me . in the realest essence of me . and i ... i took a major risk in a life changing decision . where there was an easy option , and a hard option . i took the hard option and was nervous and anxious as hell . and then , it climaxed in the end ... smarties ; you are what you eat . i feel better today . .. i don't know whether i've done the right thing or not ... man i'm so mixed up ... should i move in with them , or should i stay with them ? i don't know . why does my gut feeling keep telling me no . to ... i had a few conversations with me mother dearest , where she hung up on me each time , and perc just happened to be opened on me comp ... so away i went ... i was so angry . i feel much better now . lol ... my god . i can't believe you are so manipulative and so immature . you are my mother , so competent , so wise , so intelligent , so respected ... well fuck you you bitch you may be all those things but a ... hurt people , hurt people . o istj , istj ! wherefore art thou istj ? '