' honestly , that doesn't help me at all . the only part of it that i understood was the step 1 infj , which i identify alot with . the rest just leaves me confused and makes me ask this : how do you know ... it's hard to make my mind go silent , but i enjoy the silence around it . yea , i try to avoid asking for help at all times . there's alot of reasons behind it , but many people don't understand it . it's easier on the internet though , because i don't have to deal with any ... my boyfriend is as intj as can be . love those bastards . intjs make me panties wet . intps and infps aren't too bad , either . i have a complicated relationship with entp / enfps . some are too charming to be true , the rest i want to punch in the face . hard . no . my room is covered in my art . it would feel weird for me to decorate my room with art if i didn't have a personal connection with the artist / it was a famous artist / it was an old painting / i really ... on the first point , yes , i can sometimes feel my beloved one's emotions . but this in itself does not trouble me if what they are feeling are negative emotions like sadness or anger , i want to help ... for anyone interested , these are my functions according to similarminds : te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 15 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ... yes . this is something i have reflected on on several occasions . i definitely relate , very strongly . i don't even know who i am at my core , i'm a different person with each and everyone , ... oh look , this 1 year old post suddenly gained some unxepected attention . i'll still be glad to hear your thoughts though . be whatever you want to be . maybe you're both . well ... apart from the part where you absolutely drive me nuts with your know-it-all mannerisms and delusions about being on top of the world and thinking you could be the new world dictator , yea , i can't ... i am a straight girl in a relationship with an intj guy , so i assure you , i am not interested in parties . :) what reason could possible ever make me want to go to a party , and on top of all , enjoy it ? 8) how did te make me a freelance artist and philosophy student ? ne always thinks it knows things , but in reality it has no clue , it just wants to see how a red wall would look like if it were ... te is so radically unpersonal and cold , totally useless for me . i'd never take a te job . enfps are annoying . : ) i have thought about this , i really can't get bored , at least not by myself . i find boring relaxing . i definitely wouldn't mind staring at a leaf for hours . after all , i feel the most complete and ... strongly attached . secretely needy . secretly obsessive , but i put up a neautral front . i crave nice words and intimacy , physical and emotional . i rarely want to spend time with anyone in my life , ... wow , thanks a whole bunch of lot , that made me feel all giggly like a little girl . you don't look too bad yourself , you . if someone breaks my trust , they have to bring me the moon for me to be able to forgive them . and i will want to destroy them , oh how i'd break them . and i try to figure out how to break the people i ... i definitely have narcissistic tendencies , but that is because i have a low self esteem . turn ons : intelligence ! ! ! creativity . able to hold philosophical conversations . open minded . talented . someone i can learn from . calm . quiet . funny . intuitive , thinking types . introvert , ... it's slow , like a sloth . and full of pictures . and metaphors . i love metaphors . my thinking process is more like a stream of feelings , nothing is ever set in stone , everything is open ended , ... i used to go big on the illuminati and alien conspiracy theories , until i realised that i probably shouldn't believe every crap i find on the internet . i still believe in both though , though in ... my boyfriend is always commenting on my poor muscle control , general clumsiness , and my limbs tend to float about like cats underwater . so , me dancing would probably be the most horribly awkward ... 177074 that's me . probably . i found this in my notes on my phone . i often write poems on there . but i really really don't remember writing this , which is kind of creepy . yet i know i wrote it , because i remember there being a ... i recently ( finally ! ) set up a proper deviantart account . please do check it out -> http://mytacis.deviantart.com/gallery/?offset=0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yY4bNCx9TY [ some poems found on the notes in my phone :] why . why . empty . i won't let you see . i won't let you see . i want you to see . dig a hole . build a house . build inside . free me . free me . recieve ... warning : moody , unaware and highly incompetent . the bittersweet taste of your voice saying i love you . giving me what i want yet leave me longing for more . like i'll never be convinced of the truth of your words until you say them every hour of ... well i'm somewhat confused . i believe myself to be an infj for several reasons and i'm fairly sure of this , however after reading the descriptions of fe and fi i don't really identify with any of it ... i actually feel like i got some sort of spiritual insight after reading this . thank you , you beautiful soul . sums up my life . i did , and i'm really grateful , but i don't like misunderstandings . why would you feel like he's slowly breaking ? do you know him ? i assure you we have a really fine relationship . if i would be breaking him , i'm really sure i would notice . i notice things . i really ... i was thinking more that he and his friend probably agreed on a set time and in that case it makes me wonder why he had to send me away just shortly after we woke up . he could just have been late ... you misunderstood me again . he didn't come over 8 hours later , it took 8 hours for his friend to come over to him . and please try to understand this was one incident . i don't fall into the category ... of course he can , i tried to make that very clear . if i hadn't been so down that day i probably wouldn't have reacted at all . but i honestly have almost never felt as bad as i did then , and i needed ... well okay so i tried to talk to him about this shit , throught text . before i explained why i was unhappy with him , he was all like i'm almost fainting because you are so important to me . after i ... yes , i think you are definitely correct , thank you . of course i don't want to eat up all of his time . i was just in a very emotionally vulnerable state and he sent me away , it didn't feel right . of course , i am very grateful . for all of you , really . oh if i only knew i really know myself :) i think i'm still figuring that part out . however , thank you . oh trust me , i always think about how i impact him . i always make my feelings second priority when i'm with him , to a degree that i'm pushing myself away , and he might not know what's going on with ... soul thank you , i think you are the first person here who truly grasped the situation . i can with all sincerity say my boyfriend is a really great guy , though he doesn't always realise how to ... so you all say it wasn't a big deal . i talked to it with my grandmother , who very much thought it was a big deal and adviced me to do the same to him . i'm confused . and it kind of concerns me he ... fair enough we all have our own views on maturity , but the sex thing is not a part of it . we do sexual stuff , but we both agree talking and having a good time together is worth much ... the child who wanted to fly or cry the child was a girl without prejudice . she hated everyone . most of all she hated people . she knew the reason for that could have been nothing else but ... we had a great 3 days alone together until he had to leave , but later texted me he should have stayed . one day later ha asks me to come over and watch a movie with him , please . i say i can't , but ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHGB7YtOZoA this song is way too fantastic for it's own good . '