' as far as medication goes , you will have to decide for yourself whether you can handle life without meds or not . are you confident in yourself that you can live this life without meds ? were you born ... i over think everything . i don't see a problem with it in my own world , but , when someone comes into my world they see a problem and feel it's their job to fix it ! i don't see a problem as long as ... i was totally for obama . it's funny to me to see the 180 i have gone through in 4 short years . i really thought he was going to be the change we needed , despite many , many years of seeing the same ... would suicide at this point help people or hurt them ? what do you feel is wrong with the world that you feel you need to get the hell away from it ? whatever it is , arouse the strength within you and ... i agree wholeheartedly . change your own life and you will change the world . we influence so many people but we don't realize it . for a minor example , let's say we decide to quit cigarettes . let's say ... i could do it but if they don't want to hear what i think about anything , i'd be fired . if i see or sense something that is beyond the scope of my practice , that sure as hell wouldn't stop me from ... i'm for him , but , my problem is i don't think a change of president's will conquer our problem . i think our government needs to be dismantled and put back together again according to the ... sounds like infp to me lmao ! ! omg ... you are so describing me ! if i get something in my head that i need to explore , i cannot rest until i have explored every facet of that issue . i will take something as simple as a name and ... look up alien conspiracy theories , i promise you will never be bored again lmao ! ! ! pet peeve numero uno ! i don't say anything if i don't have something nice to say . if i can't stand your ass , you will hear no good words from me , probably no words at all . people know when i don't ... can you switch your life around to follow your love ? think outside the box , anything is possible if you want it bad enough . i feel that nothing happens by accident . this new love was brought to you ... another reason to smoke ... take that mofo out on a smoke break and politely ask them why they are talking about you behind your back . simply asking them that will stop the behavior because they will ... i think it's biologist that i looked up before , but , i was very excited about the many interesting opportunities with the degree . never think that you don't have logic . everyone has this , just use ... i agree , one day at a time is essential ! i lost my children in 2007 . i fell into a suicidal depression . i was too weak and depressed to even get the energy to kill myself . when i realized that no matter what i did they were never going to ... i don't see the harm in a friendly cup of coffee . it may be just what she needs . hello to all my infp brothers and sisters ! i have been to the dark side and back ! i had so much love , hope and faith in all people and things that i was going too far to the fairy tale land . my ... i agree . they wouldn't really be learning it , just memorizing it . i'd rather be aware . i wouldn't be able to protect myself and others if i wore rose colored glasses all of the time . i do wear them most of the time though , just for the pure happiness of it . i take ... when i was growing up , i was blamed for many of the things my little brother did . he was the only boy and could do no wrong . i see what your saying , but i disagree . i don't think it's vital to be educated on every level , only on what's important to you . there were so many things they taught me in school that i have never ... i'm infp and i have leadership abilities . i am forced into a leader role due to my profession . people find me to be a compassionate but fair leader . those who try to walk all over my kindness are ... in my opinion , education can't be judged in this way . sure there are book smarts and iq tests but to be educated about the world is totally different . it's not something you can learn in a book , it's ... i used to enjoy privacy way back before kids started bursting in the bathroom door . now , i say fuck it and leave the bathroom door open . https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/s320x320/310980_183056868444563_159768504106733_391651_138208156_n.jpg lol ! i don't take it that far , like the women who are pen pals to charles manson ! congratulations students ! ! ! it hurts me when i see people filled with hate but i also feel intensely sorry for them that they are rejecting the beauty of love . i hold out hope for every person that they will find their way in ... i was on celexa last year . i thought it was working great for me at the time . after about 8 months , i started feeling really disconnected , like i was a stone who could feel nothing . i started acting ... my favorite way of studying in college was to make flash cards . pretty much anything can be made into flash cards . i drew every bone in the body onto flash cards when i was taking anatomy . just the ... it hardly ever manifests . when i do pull it out , i have to dust the cobwebs off of it . i love that we look inside ourselves for answers , despite the world who says we have no knowledge or proof . we know our own truth and stand up for it , whatever that may be . if it would be easy to go back to my current life then i'd see it as an adventure . so , there's a great girl and a fab job waiting for you , what are you waiting for ? i would have been there yesterday ! life sucks but i am happy . it sounds like you have a bit of senioritis going on . the senior year when everything seems stupid and you just want it to end now ! i remember those days and wouldn't ... i agree with the others . you can't save her but you can save yourself . i think practice makes perfect . you have a year and that is plenty of time . start off small . when your in the store make it a point to say a few words to the cashier , maybe throw a comment to the ... hi ! i'm infp from indiana . nice to meet you ! i think you should respect her wishes on this matter . i'm sure she wants to see you just as bad as you want to see her , so if there was a way around it , she would have found it . it's good that she is ... as much as it hurts , you need to walk away . from what i'm reading , she is not loving you the same as you love her . not even close . i think the whole your love for me is ruining me routine is her ... if you are of age then why do you have to get permission to get a tattoo and why are you worried about what goes on in your parents bedroom ? they are your parents and can do what they want to do . watching porn can enhance a marriage or break it down depending on the people in the relationship . when you are of age , you can get a tattoo if ... i like sims , and games with worlds to explore like zelda . i also got heavily into the splinter cell series . i'm sure there are more up to date games that i would love , i just haven't tried them yet ... i love your spirit and your message . i think what you suggest is a good idea , even though i don't see myself doing it anytime soon lol ! it reminds me of how i am during picture taking . in every ... i hide when i'm hurt because , i feel to show it is to give the person who hurt me the power of knowing they hurt me . i've met people who relish this power . if it's family or someone i live with i ... i've went through this phase a couple times . i found that cutting off everyone leaves me feeling so lonely and even worse than i felt around them . i would also feel their pain at me cutting them off ... i've never had someone try to get me to be more emotional . usually , they are trying to get me to be less emotional ! i have never been to a counselor but i'm sure i wouldn't like it . i would be closed ... i would have never started talking to her again in the first place . i am glad to leave my past behind me and although i love my old friends , i love them from afar . i'm not one of those people who has ... when i'm going to do something , i like to leave room for unexpected things to happen . i could never keep to a strict schedule , nor would i want to . if we are taking a trip and everything goes as ... '