' my art : 7606176062 76063 i guess i had always supposed depression came with the territory of being an introverted feeling type . i suffered most of my life from both anxiety and depression . and pretty severe bouts of it . i ... i'm trying to figure out how to either disable my account or change my name on my account . anyone know how to do either ? i despise movies like sucker punch . i don't even have a desire to see it . i love a good story , as well as appreciate beautiful aesthetics . i really enjoyed shutter island . i don't care for cheap ... isn't she well known for hardcore drinking / drunkeness during live shows and providing sexual favors for the mic ? ? don't get me wrong , i love karen o and the yeah yeah yeahs .   ... i like this thread idea . however , i'm not so sure karen o is a terrific role model ... the thing was even concrete dreams , is that they are still sort of secret symbols . snow could refer to emotions , for example . and houses and buildings often refer to our self-kind of like our own ... i know two . i love them both . one of them has the most amazing sense of humor of anybody i've ever met . she keeps everyone rolling on the floor and full of tears from laughter . the examples listed in this thread will be more on the extreme side , but you can see perhaps how lesser degrees of it may still be off-putting . maybe fi under the rule of being a 4 ? i also have always felt as though it were connected to the fi-ni looping phenomena . i'm not really certain . yes . i've come to expect it , and feel the disorientation coming on actually . i think it's sort of switching from se to fi . sometimes i just go very strongly from one to the other , as opposed to ... absolutely ! i also definitely relate to feeling of having wasted a day if i don't . on that note , i should sign off ! thanks for teaching me a new word le9acymuse ! ;) what makes me different ? i'm not as go with the flow or calm as other isfp's seem to be . though , i try to appear calm and people somehow seem to ... when i was younger , i would often be terrified to voice my opinion . and other times , the subject at hand may be something i just never really pondered and therefore didn't have an opinion . sometimes , ... mom : isfp dad : esfp sister : esfj my dad and sis were always very boisterous growing up . me and mom my were more often over shadowed . she can seem like an isfj due to being a mother and ... hey , i'm an isfp with an esfj sister , too . how's the sister bonding going ? i wasn't pinpointing this at all sj's . i have a couple of istj and isfj friends that i just adore . my best friend is an estj , and though we clash on occasion , obviously we care a lot for each other ... do you guys think that the question , what do you want to be ? and what do you want to do ? insinuate very different things and also very different perspectives when you're a child and growing up ? this was my biggest criteria . and i had debated out environmental sciences , counseling and anthropology , before i decided to go to school to become a nurse . i still think it'd be bad-a to be a forest ... currently , i wait tables . but i've recently begun some volunteer work in the local hospital as well . i'm going to a tech school at the moment to be a registered nurse . i tried the university thing , ... i don't have time right this second , but i'll try to look for it later ... there's a great article on mental imbalances for each personality type and the loops we get stuck in right here in ... you can't be between ne and se , however you can be an se with a strong ni , or an ne with a strong si . i have a well developed ni , in my opinion , and so i will often test as infp . but isfp always ... firedell , i think my parents have tried asking me one time if i was gay or not . really , i was just in a dry spell dating-wise . i thought it more humorous than anything . my personal style is ... i like the modern day reference of life as a television show . i generally like to think of life as a book , and am constantly opening and closing chapters . hopefully progressing forward and not ... two words : buddhist philosophy . pick up a book on it . voodo chile , i love flight of the conchords ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FArZxLj6DLk that was hilarious ! i just watched like ten of those ! i actually lol'ed . haha . ooh , i've been considering getting everyone i know to just start calling me indy . i really like the name but can't decide if that'd be weird . when did you start ... i generally hear complaints such as : too sensitive , too cold ( as in emotionally distant , which i tend to do so people can't read me so well ) , weird / awkward ( which has really only been a complaint ... no one has anything they'd like to share to make their fellow isfp's giggle ? ? : sad : :p roud : i gots one : http://www.threewordphrase.com/saved.gif i like to draw with pen , pencil , graphite , charcoal . acrylics and watercolors . yarn and string or hemp jewelry . collages . strikes me as an isfp video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fYnfE5Cycg bon jour monsieur . helllo , most of you guys probably know me pretty well around here by now . but anywho ... to me the best part of waking up is the morning breeze and the color of cool blue sky . grabbing a cup of ... appearances ... someone that generally takes care of their self ( health and hygiene ) to some degree . i'm quite sensitive to smells and don't do to well with smelly boys . :P i'm moderately health ... i generally put writing more in the infp realm , but that isn't to say there aren't any isfp writers at all . i suppose it depends on the material . i believe firedell , le9acymuse , and dizzygirl are ... any of you guys have strange quirks ? i used to do this one weird thing where i'd sort of zone off staring at a wall . if there were furniture or anything in front of the wall , i'd sort of use them ... doug stanhope on prescription drugs , productivity , and corporate slavery . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ZKH2PGA8g i came home and did the dishes yesterday . but it was stacked up pretty high . i ran out of space on the drying rack and counter , so i left the remaining soaking . my roommate got home and then sent ... tap into your own se ! oooh , indestructible body , huh ? you'd be like unbreakable . you'd have to become a superhero if you were granted this wish . ;) ... imagine you're walking through the woods and then you come across a bear . but no mere mortal bear . this is a magic bear . and this particular magical bear grants wishes ! what would you wish for ? ... a place to ponder quirky thoughts , tell jokes , share videos and the like . : kitteh : i don't know why , but he strikes me as intj . i'm not an infp ... but can i chime in . i looove the harry potter series ! so what's the question ? which character do we identify with , or is it which character's personality are we most fond of ? ... i can certainly relate here . it's weird having been called overly sensitive so many times in my life , and yet catching my self be so cold now that i'm older . sometimes i have to purposely and as a ... luna lovegood is definitely xnfp . i require maybe an hour or two of interaction a day , i'd say . but not more than that . i start itching to run away from people once i exceed that . i really do value my alone time . my interaction with ... i actually logged on to ask about zooey being an isfp . i saw her listed as such on the facebook isfp group . i don't know enough about her . she strikes me as a 3w4 or 4w3 . no feeling artisans ? the world would be a little less colorful and beautiful . i've noticed that sp females in general aren't overly feminine or masculine . not like sj's or enfp's who's often exude strong feminine characteristics . '