' is it too late to talk about my bad knee ? i legit used my bad knee as an excuse to get out of going to the gym two years in a row despite it being okay again two years ago . dear people who go to the nail salon , be kind to your nail tech . just because you're paying for a service doesn't mean you can treat the humans who are doing them like they are beneath you . if ... dear people with a foot fetish , what the hell . what . the . actual . hell . i work with feet five days a week and i can honestly tell you i've seen them all and none i can imagine even putting ... dear entjs , it's been a few years now , glad to see people are still posting here ! the infj thread has over 1,000+ pages , catch up ! yours , infj dear thread , although i am no longer an active member of this site , i still come back to check on you and see how far you've come . proud of this thread and everyone who has ever written in it . ... http://i419.photobucket.com/albums/pp275/MissTomic/Mobile%20Uploads/IMG_20150608_170020_zpsznh3xali.jpg it's been a while . :] dear n . , you make me stupid . i am a laughing stock amongst our friends because i don't know how to quit you . i keep telling myself i'll end it soon , i'll end it soon ... but every time i build up ... dear everyone with sleep problems , i took a three hour nap today . refreshed at 3am , an infj http://i419.photobucket.com/albums/pp275/MissTomic/Mobile%20Uploads/20141206_160638_zpsd66c8f2a.jpg a less serious pic from today . edit : is this pic humongous ? i can't tell from my phone . if ... http://i419.photobucket.com/albums/pp275/MissTomic/Mobile%20Uploads/20141123_151150_20141124200453543_zpsab9706d4.jpg hello , internet . it's been a while . : tongue : dear n . , you broke my heart . i gave you the most valuable piece of me and you dropped it trying to give yours to someone else . had we not been together for the last three and a half years , i'd ... dear self , i promise from this day forth i will love you . - infj dear you , there is a reason why i always turn first when we say our goodbyes--i don't ever want to watch you leave . and i don't ever want you to look into my eyes and know that . my lips has ... dear you , somehow you managed to get past my defenses and make your home in my heart . i hope you know you're not welcome there . you've been a nuisance ever since you stepped foot ... dear mark , leave me alone . please . it's been over a decade , i'm not the same girl that was blindly oblivious to your sick and twisted ways . i see through you and your actions . also , leave ... dear emerald sea , thank you ! and it's good to be back . but it seems a lot has changed around here , there are few names i recognize ... and i've only been gone a few months . : blushed : your ... dear internet , i am now the proud auntie of a beautiful baby girl named lillian . sometimes i see my father in her and i get all mushy inside . he passed almost six years ago and finally came back ... dear thread , i disappear for a few months and you're already on page 830 ? so proud , an infj dear self , who are you ? dear thread , i haven't been on in a while . how have you been ? has everyone been treating you kindly ? yours , an infj hello ! i am currently making a scrapbook for my best friend for his 28th birthday . he has a 5 - year-old daughter and doesn't have pictures of her as a baby because they were posted on his myspace ... fighting only bothers me when it disrupts the harmony in my circle . sure . unless i'm in the house by myself . and the voices are down in the basement . i always thought i'd be an amazing mommy . until i realized i wouldn't know how to handle it if my child were getting bullied at school and suffered emotionally . like , i can protect my baby ... lad--haha , how do you even get turned on with all that stench in there ? i can't stop laughing . your description of her diva hair-flipping intro to the story is just perfect . :] i have the opposite problem . babies won't quit telling me how hot i am . i confess i am a huge pervert . but i pass myself off as a naive girl with prudish tendencies because i don't want to attract the wrong kind of attention from men . there's only one person who knows ... dear 18 - year-old intp brother , intp : < walks in room with a mysterious box , presumably a toy of sorts > don't judge me ! infj : i don't even know what you're holding . intp : < turns box to ... thank you . you're very generous with your compliments today . :p roud : http://i419.photobucket.com/albums/pp275/MissTomic/81554490-299d-4f00-8293-dea71645f112_zps530342c5.jpg day of my brother's high school graduation . edited : had to resize the pic because i felt ... my most recent favorite is by katmandu ... i'm sure you hear this a lot , but you have a really warm , radiant smile . dear sun , i asked you to tan me , not bake me . in pain , a red infj what i learned from this thread : 1 . you're entitled to your own opinions , but your opinions are not entitled to being right . 2 . smiley faces :) , sad faces :( , and i'm just kidding you faces :P , ... so ... they can be gay , as long as they are not in committed relationships ? so ... basically , your cousin and family friend should live their lives under rocks to avoid offending you . saying you have a lesbian cousin and a family friend that you love but don't support because of their choices is like saying i'm not racist . i have a black friend . but i don't support his choice ... dear erudis , you're an extremely cool dude . thanks for putting up with my long ramblings about the exotic fruits that grow in your backyard . and for joining in with my ramblings do i don't feel ... dear entj ex , had you sent that friend request two years ago , things would have turned out differently . too bad you waited too long to contact me and gave me too much time to analyze my true ... i gave it to the needy . nah , i only have one . dear add , calm your shit for a second and let me concentrate long enough to do sets at the gym . it's really a pain in the ass having to recount because i get so easily distracted that i don't ... i've never been in love and so have never written a love letter . but i imagine it'd go something like : dear you , i like your face . i want to look at it for the rest of my life . love , me dear male co-worker , me : < walks around with measuring tape > i think i'm going to measure myself to see how much weight i need to lose . co-worker : measure me , too . me : okay . < measures ... not so much read them on a psychic level , but understand them from observations of behavior , character , facial expressions , gestures , and words spoken and unspoken . dear enfp brother-in-law , i'm sincerely contrite for somehow corrupting those pictures on your memory card . i know you had a lot of valued pictures on there and now i don't even think you can ... http://i419.photobucket.com/albums/pp275/MissTomic/canvas_zps90245b21.png my brother-in-law's little brother ( esfp ) and i . don't let his height fool you , he's only 19 . : kitteh : isn't edward cullen all sparkly ? he seems pretty dull to me . dear strangers on the internet , my little sister and brother-in-law said not to tell anyone , but i'm assume they mean only the people we know in real life ... so i'm going to share my excitement ... dear mom , during one of our car ride conversations my brother asked me if i hate myself . without skipping a beat , i answered , yes . perplexed , he asked me , why ? i couldn't answer him further ... i can't remember facts , faces , names , numbers , or directions ... but i can remember all the quirks about a person that's pretty much borderline stalkerish and creepy . i mean , it should come natural ... i came here to find out what you think about my type and now i'm pretty much leaving with nothing . >:( i saw the picture of the turtle eating the strawberry on fb once and felt incredibly happy . '