' see , i would say fear that you do :) that you're asking means you're probably not intj :) sent from my d6603 using tapatalk i think it's insecurity . it's easier to be strong than smart - & when you're young , being alpha gets you laid as a bonus strength is expressed in many ways ; not conforming & beating my own paths ... in your response , you own you're opinion everywhere - thank you . the only difference of opinion we have is that i don't think it is a limited subset in the general case - if so why the heck would i ... i'm trying to sleep . in australia i have a monday morning looming on me . so i'll be brief . there are many cases which are too obvious - like if you stub your toe , it's going to hurt . in those ... yes , i see what you're saying . if you're truly interested then go back & re-read all the posts up to now & then come back & tell me why i would respond in the way that i did . i don't think you can get it . whatever i say you'll just argue with in a way that makes you feel strong & clever , but leaves you where are are . you're not understanding . anyone know how to delete a double post ? :( benthnau , your answer totally repulses me . you make no effort at conciliation or understanding but instead leap into defending your position by picking sentences out of context and finding a way to ... hello :) to kick off my answer , i'll begin with the question : what is a friend . google to the rescue ! : by this definition , i have many , many friends . however by my definition , i have ... my fear is that my children have to live with the same small minded stupidity that is our world the same as i did . my one hope for humanity is that it wakes up . like every country , the vast majority of people are dumb fcucks just like you & me . what i'm saying is that we seem to do better than many per capita anyway . i don't agree with you . australia bats way above its weight on the world stage . some things : * laid back , easy going , friendly , accepting , jovial , polite , funny , non-judgemental * mates will do literally anything for each other in times of need - it's just what you do * ... see i thought the same as you . setting aside that we're all different , & all special , without dragging monty python in for a bit if a chuckle at ourselves , hearing the personality hacker podcast ... aussie here . sort of . i live in sydney which , as any aussie know , is somewhat not really that australian :) but i grew up in a coal mining town , & i've seen aussieness at it's best & at it's worst . my opinion is that it ; ' s the same old story : those that can don't - not unless they have a really good motivator , anyway . growing up we had a sulfur-crested cockatoo . he was part of our family , & his cage was his home . i think we project too much of ourselves on animals when making these kinds of judgements . the ... if the title had an r in it , it would be fantastic breasts and wehre to find them - the movie . i'm waiting for the operation . do stuff with her . what do you know about her ? what does she like to do ? what does she like full stop ? is she into you ? what i'm trying to spit out is that whatever you do , it should be ... why ? it is so much simpler just to say that in my experience feminists are horrible rather than prove they are for everyone , especially when that's not what i mean ? & i'm not debating anything :) don't know really know . this meaning of this sentence wasn't clear to me . what guidelines specifically ? i looked up implicit : suggested though not directly expressed . so ... do you actually understand what i was saying ? ... did you read my last paragraph ? why would you not bother with someone that thinks differently to you - this seems like a very impoverished ... thank you reckful . i tried hitting thank on your post , but it didn't seem to work . i love that i seem to have hit on what jung & myers thought without any book learnin . to me when congruence ... this question has been vexing me . in the intuitive awakening group on facebook run by the personality hacker people , i've asked this question in a couple of different ways & the response i've got ... i like what you said because we agree :) i like what you said because we agree :) at an authentic relating meetup i attend we have a guiding rule that keeps the peace , own your opinin , which allows people with disparate opinions to co-exist peacefully whilst avoiding getting ... dude . nice . speaks volumes for your character fair enough . so when you state your opinion and your experience as fact , how does one discern that from when you really are stating a fact ? it may not really be for some infps but authentic relating absolutely is - trust me . besides that , some groups provide a safe place to desensitise . careful about speaking authoritatively please . look up a group called authentic relating , if they do a meetup in your area , go . cannot recommend it highly enough , you'll love it . <sigh> i don't feel like i've ever really had this . ho ho - i want to say you don't know smaller communities , do you ? but i won't in case you want to take it offensively , which is not what i intend :) i'm the opposite & can relate to what you're saying on that basis :) the country is heaven to visit , but he'll to live in , for me :) i think smaller communities are better for likable people - i'm ... yes - hence skype :) pm me if you're interested personally . i don't . i related that because it'd what i've seen & heard . are you female ? i thought the gist of your post sounded like that , so please forgive the following if you're actually a guy ! so there's a theory which is a little politically incorrect & it ... very keen to make some infp friends . ping me if you live around sydney in australia , or if you don't mind skype . country towns are too boring , so i put up with the endless pollution , traffic & everyone behaving like they're the only people on earth & enjoy the convenience , variety and anonimity of one of the ... all the time . i feel like i've failed the other person by taking their time & not handing on the richness behind my ideas effectively . they look like graffiti to me . i try really hard not to judge people that have them . it isn't easy . no offense intended - it's my problem , not yours . no suggestion . popular cheapens things to me . i can relate to feeling invisible . because it isn't very normal for me to contribute , when i do , i normally have to be rude & talk over someone . sent from my d6603 using tapatalk there's a heap of females that identify with personality traits that are generally considered as masculine & a bunch of men femine . in 2016 , where generally you're a hero if you shag the same sex , ... '