' you still sure ? : | it's a large , loud , and fabulous , black woman who puts on a suit and dances . i made a gif of her and inserted it into my signature . buuump . i am more concerned with people's affairs . when i was younger , i knew i was really empathetic . i would help people and i would even go as far as to say that i enjoyed it . however , when ... it's from a movie , i think . thanks.aaa eh , it's more like me just staring awkwardly and avoiding all eye contact . after a 5 minute conversation with someone i don't know , i get nervous as shit . that's not much work anyways looking through ... so , do intjs have a problem with this ? i can be quite the stalker for people i think are just hot . meaning , i will stalk their facebook and if it is on private i will use my fake account and ... pretty much all republicans are istjs . i'm going with that as my answer ! my strength : analyzing , assessing a situation , intellectual foresight my weakness : social interaction , becoming too aware of how doing something will make me appear . i have a current interest ... gah . lemme not delve any further . : x interesting . how about if the person has no knowledge of what an enfp is ? huh ? you have no knowledge from another person's point of view ? you suck . you get annoyed by this meme from skyrim . i adore your ideas . you and i must be twins . i think all of the gop are idiots . hay bby call me ;) ... if this were true , intjs would not be the personality type with most non theists . achievement ? i reached high school without killing myself . i am just trying to stop procrastination ... that may take a century . you aren't the only socially inept intj that uses forums frequently . welcome . how do i confess my love to people like you in a homosexual relationship ? entps are exciting people . they are bright and excellent people to argue with . so far , i don't think i've met one . i keep staring at my own sig . the answer is in your sentence . you sound like an intj solely because you are defending your type so well . sheesh , what do you think of my signature ? i always get chaotic neutral or chaotic good . intj-green aaa our_childs_name_is_dovahkiin quite . most intx procrastinate for everything . he also very organized . we must know his mind at work . if you came home one day and found an unknown man looking around in your room , what would ... you are definately an infp . your introverted feeling is shining as you show that you help people and you can tell how a person may feel . you also don't like when people are ostracized . big feeler ... me . i google everything ex . a friend tells me to try a game that he has been playing for 1 year . he / she claims that he is almost to make level . i google addictively looking for guides and tips ... uh . i am unsure if that is passive-aggressiveness or sarcasm . i assumed you were an istj as they are usually the neatest . now , i am assuming you are an intj with an overdeveloped sensing . you seem ... i gravitate towards intps . they usually are interesting people to talk . i prefer enfps and entps . they are the only ones that make me laugh and bring me out of my infamous no fun allowed shell . i ... i think you're an isfj . most isfjs appear to need peace and harmony . the part that told me you definitely aren't xntx is because you claimed that you don't feel superior to anything . saying the ... to be honest , you sound like an istj with an overdeveloped n . do you have a procrastination problem ? also , you appear to be friendly . may you describe your social life ? now , this may be an assumption but from your post your vocabulary appears almost faked . i am ruling out any nt . i assume infp or infj . > anti-science not sure if srs . unless you are talking about science being absolute truth . anti-science is so misleading . this happened to me in middle school , i would never greet my teachers in the morning even if they greeted me first . eventually they started disliking me and it took me awhile to notice why . they ... the first one ... enjoy it and embrace the physically deformed man in my signature too ! intj and atheist-agnostic . someone like you / rumor has it glee cover i'm an intj and i never get bullied . apparently , i intimidate people . at least that is what a friend of mines says . bump . i can't accept only one response . that wouldn't be very accurate would it ? i'd like to say that i am socially inept ... well . never mind . as ironic as this may sound , i am scared of conversation . yes . when i took one test , my dominant function was introverted intuition . i greatly display the traits however , other types seem to fit me also . 1 . stop acting like apathetic emo kids who had their mother and fathers crucified in front of their eyes . 2 . people are assholes , get over it . 3 . you guys are boring . 4 . sometimes , rules are made ... bump ~ aaa holy shit . i do that too ! sometimes i even plan what would happen if i ruled parts of the world and converted the usa into a dictatorship . i would have to keep people alive or else , i would get ... '