' i'm in a similar situation to handsome jack . i work as a consultant as well ( technology ) , its the same thing in my industry right now , high turnover and a lack of available talent . i am ... i 100 % agree ! my partner's financial issues are a combination of career issues as well as spending as stated in my opening post this comment make my head hurt ... i highly doubt that if i showed him more love and emotions that it would solve his financial issues . it's not just as black and white as quitting , aa is a step by step program that targets the root causes of addiction , there are reasons behind the drinking and you need tools ( ie . meetings , a person ... both great responses ! i guess i will have to sit down with him and let him know how much this is truly bothers me , then give him the opportunity to change . if he doesn't then i have to make a ... so as entj's we are stereotyped as being good with money , workalohic and the most financially successful out of all of the 16 types . i guess i fall into this stereotype . how do you cope with ... reminds me of the giver book / movie lol my point is that alcoholism is different . i totally believe in the thought that things in life should not be all or nothing but when you are dealing with alcoholism it is different . alcohol effects ... i get bored pretty easily , entj 8w7 . i'm actually bored right now , that's why i'm on here dinking around lol :) i find it kind of pointless if it doesn't have a point . lol i wake up every day trying to achieve some sort of goal , but what is the point of it all ? i'm working hard and do things i would like to ... this is a terrible idea for alcoholics . a true alcoholic cannot manage their alcoholism . i can attest to that fact . i attempted to manage my alcoholism several times and have met a ton of people in ... yes ! this is it , they must have moved it ! thanks :) i love swimming ( although i hate getting wet lol ) it is so relaxing , i love being under the water and i can float around for hours . i scuba dive which is extremely interesting because there is a ... i like tall ( well at least taller than me in heels , i'm 5 ' 7 ) , dark and handsome guys . must be intellectually stimulating and mature . young boys need not apply :) i have a preference for t's i have to agree with handsome jack . anything that is illogical or irrational seems crazy to me . lately i have been thinking about life in general what is the meaning of life ? what is the point ? your thoughts please :) i could have swore that there used to be a section on perc that had quizzes and tests ... did they remove it or am i mistaken ? i took the test over when i had more time and got skeptic your quantitative reasoning score : 68.75 % your future-based reasoning score : 75 % your evidence evaluation score : 75 % your cognitive ... i must have read the question wrong , i was at work when i took the test . there are quizzes you can take online , or go to an aa meeting , if you can relate to the people there you are an alcoholic . don't let this get away from you . drinking like that is a sure sign of ... dear xstj , yes , i do realize i am not following the rules . who came up with those anyways ? i don't need step by step instructions to solve problems and get things done ! entj urgh ... just the thought of those types of questions makes me sick . this must be common for istj's , my istj is constantly on my case about things like that , in fact he messaged me this morning ... i'm sure my mother would say i live an unorthodox life . i don't follow the rules , i do like financial stability but if i lost my job tomorrow i would not go hungry , i have other sources of income . i ... the doughnut question was misleading , i thought about the question twice . i wondered whether it was 2 minutes or 1 minute but there wasn't enough information , the question made it sound like it would ... lol , i got the journalist and answered both of those questions the same way ! :) journalist most journalists are open to new experiences and enjoy learning about others . they also have a skeptical streak that makes them difficult to trick or manipulate . their combination ... when i named my company i thought about what the business would do then researched hyponyms . i ended up coming up with a great name that way :) hello everyone , i haven't been on here in a while i have been busy with my plans to take over the world lol :) i was wondering if anyone else here ever falls into a workaholic mode ? i recently ... sj's for sure ! they like to do things by the book , they enjoy following rules . my mother is an anesthesia assistant ( she would have been a doctor if she didn't have me ) and she is an estj . i did a ... after a review of several products our it department just started using easy project . it has only been up and running a couple of weeks but it is easy to use , flexible and reasonably priced . i was trying to figure out why my business partner and i saw things so differently . i assumed it had to do with a difference in personality . i was researching personality types , came across mbti and ... i have experience with immigration law . i immigrated from canada to the us . i pretty much know all of the ins and outs of it through my personal experience . i have helped several friends with the ... i have taken that test before and it came out that i am an entj that secretly wants to be and estj . i am happy with being an entj , but i do respect other types that are able to follow the rules ... i fit in to the same category as you ( the man in a woman's body ) . i look and dress like a woman but exhibit male qualities . i am in a field that is at least 90 % dominated by men . the only problems ... i think entirely in words , it is extremely hard for me to visualize anything . i plow through tons of thoughts that are racing through my head constantly . it is a cure , it keeps me up at night . the ... they have to really want to get help . you can try to talk to them but if the person doesn't truly want to get better than it is an uphill battle and you are typically on the losing side . most of ... great article . i personally am extremely resilient . i have been through a lot of extremely difficult situations and have always managed to bounce back . i am not sure if all entj's are the same . i ... i used to drink to deal with stress , anxiety , emotions , insomnia etc . my doctor told me it actually makes insomnia and anxiety worse ! i stopped drinking for these reasons and i feel 1,000 times ... i like to stay busy as well . hobbies include : swimming , scuba diving , traveling , reading , debates , cooking , listening to music , learning new things . i get bored extremely easily so i always ... verbal response , eye contact is no giving me an answer . it is just acknowledging that you heard me :) true , but i mean your personal wealth , not the economy in general . there is a big difference . argh , i can't stand this . when i talk to someone i expect a reply and get irritated if they do not respond . silence is definitely rude , it's the same as ignoring someone . if i'm taking time out of my ... i would talk less about money and material things and focus on intellectual topics . the nickname will fade away when people take you more seriously . the constant talk about money usually comes from ... i have some sales experience . my father insisted that i learn to sell , he always says that it's the only way to make decent money . the highest paid people in most companies are typically the ... i can usually tell pretty quickly if someone is more or less intelligent than me . i like to be around people that are thinkers , they challenge me and we typically like the same times of activities . i ... judging from the way you talk about how much you have ... i think it's going to be difficult for you to lose the young money title . whoever gave you that nickname was spot on .. lol : friendly_wink : nice avatar , i just finished playing earthbound on my snes emulator , i hadn't played it in years . great game :) these are pretty much my default face photos . 341050  3410 58 341066 my list is about a mile long ... education , work , personal . lots of regrets but generally happy with my life and the way it turned out so far . i have been able to do a lot of things in my life that ... i agree , i am much more well dressed than other nt's i have met . i like what i call junk tv and sometimes gossip magazines sometimes . i find that it numbs my brain and i don't have to think ... '