' 1.any social feeler with good intensions . they may do a lots of harm while saving the world from decline ( hitler ) , saving the world from satan ( osama bin laden ) , prevent western countries stopping ... but he connected west and east . also without him there would be no artillery as we know so soon . i have hyperlexia . it was noticed when taking final test ( matr.exam . ) in high school . my esseys were returned to school with full points given and with a mention student has hyperlexia ( dyslexia . never assume ! or many intp are misinterpreted as aspergers ? hogward ? what direction is that ? ! i know all that , it is not sociality . i don't buy energy thing , it says actually nothing . question is not about description but why introverts need time alone to recharge . why ... well , i have become suspicious on them as co ´ gnitive functions , actually the whole jungian consept rings some alarm in my spine ( yeah i know i am intuitive ) . are i / e real thing or is this just ... or you can complain and find solution . some complain to have fun , letting air out or something . shutting them up won't make them try harder . you also forget those who does not complain and are not ... don't be so hard for yourself . what just read about entp i can understand this : observing things and ruminating them inside - maybe i misunderstood that as an introversion , but actually it is , even with entps . maybe i am just ... that is hilarious , and confusing ... i have always considered myself as an intj or maybe even more intp . those are results what i got in tests . i have been tested by a professional psychologist 4 ... observing a detail ... ;) kids know how to have fun which you choose : 1 ) being hit by an axe 2 ) being hit by a hammer no matter who will win , finally clowns will come with their volkswagen bubble fleet and crush them . mother esfj or isfj , father istj . introversion / extroversion are only tested by side effects , not by themselves . mostly questionnaires refer to social behaviour but these are not actually related one-to-one to e / i . studying modern ... if you claiming that science and religion are as much true , please find out definitions of religion and science . if you are claiming that science should replace religion as a religion-then it won't ... in theology terms there's facts ( proven to be true ) , no-facts ( proven to be false ) , theories ( not tested ) , and ' dogma ' . theism is one of the last . it is a claim no meant to be a theory , so it cannot ... hi , i have been tested as an intj mostly , even by a professional . sometimes got istj , istp or intp . but never macthed really , like being intj / intp mixure . so i did this keys 2 cognition - ... my son will be probably an istp ( or intp ) ;) we were playing and i had to leave for 5 minutes . when i came back he was relaxing by lying on the top of sofa backrest ( ! ) after building one his miracle ... if you believe it , it admit that it is not true . otherwise belief would be unnecessary . you could argument better than that . anarchists are partly correct : there should be no power ( power requires authority , dogma , ideology-who needs them ) . but they are wrong in sense of control , no power does not mean no control or ... i think some of them cannot fix their need to take care with reality check . which leads to situation where an immature esfj use you for his / her needs instead giving you support ( they think they are ... when he speak let him finish , don't interpret his message because you cannot do it , you'd get it all wrong . only way to make communication to work is speak out literally and listen truely . two weeks . i didn't need it but it made me no harm . pessimism and optimism are attitudes . for me it depends but none , but trying to be realistic . this was in some early novel by arthur c.clark : no machine may contain any moving parts i am kind today so i would intp to have sudoku book and i'd watch . i have always interested in human anatomy . yes . it is funny sometimes . when among people , most of them will escape , some will come to me like i was showing them my middle finger . and all i have done is to stand there , thinking and watching ... i don't type anybody , but sometimes things pop up into my mind when meet a person . some persons are enigmatic and i want to learn more about them . it can be fun , but i don't let it bother me and ... i / e : there so much misunderstanding considering them , mostly confusing i / e with sociality issues . overdose will take care of that . i have been typed as an intj ( officially ) , not only test but an interview . afterwards a psych who doing the test explained that he figured that i was really intj not istj by questions , which two i ... that's why i don't read morning papers in the morning , to have something done in a day ... i wiped out this message raised as an evancelic-lutheran , been atheist since i was 14 . facebook is useless so i don't use it . it might be personal privacy needs . it works in both ways : keep your privacy with yourself and respect mine ! yes , it is equal to drawing figures and patterns to help thinking . thank the hands free , it can be done in public without embarrassment . - romantic : by stabbing a knife to my heart - realistic : get a rented cottage or similar . set a timer to ignate building . take as much sleeping bill as i can , then shoot myself . shooting is not ... how they are defined ? i am scared of snakes . i was blind to notice . usage slash ( ' / ' ) in text like : he was / was not an idiot . it is ' or ' but writers use it because they cannot decide and push responsibility to the reader . no . but i am not aginst it . also it is useful , especially because not being part of social community is normally seeing as a thread by social community and it will cause you problems later , no matter ... applying some is insecure inside or has low self-esteem when he is aggressive or behaving badly . this somehow just accepted way of ad hominem and i hate it . it just show me that person who does this ... aspergers lack ability read emotional / social / nonverbal communication . traits does not count if you don't meet required mandatory diagnose criteria . mbti cannot be used for any level of mentally ... '