' i have never made friends easily , but i went back to school for a programming degree , and now i have people come up and talk to me ... and i kind of like it . they don't , for the most part , irritate ... no , i am not . right now , i am overweight , over 40 , gray and definitely don't care if anyone thinks i look good . i am weight lifting because it is the only exercise i like and i would like to stay ... love newborn by muse , i like muse in general because i like the mix of rock , orchestral sounds , techno , etc . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhduQhDqtb4 hate hate hate black betty ... anything ... 40 , unemployed , us citizen that said , i was a sahm for 13 years , homeschooled my kids , then took on whatever work i could to make ends meet ( office secretary , gas station closer , personal care ... i can get quite intj in my old age , as i have older kids and have had extensive practise thinking quickly and deciding to get $ hit done . i tend towards it in stress , too . i can be very infp with ... the description fits me to a point . i am pretty low key and my needs are pretty simple . that said , as linktothelast said , dishonesty can be triggered by environmental factors . i myself started ... how does your person process things ? as an intp , i will take in info and process it privately and then after several hours / days / weeks , i might tell you my conclusion , but i probably won't unless it ... individuals that harp on and on about how you never talk , you don't tell anyone anything , you don't let others in , you don't communicate well ... and then in a moment of excitement , you start ... i agree completely . have learned to deal with the fe family members , don't understand them much more than i did as a kid , but i am confident enough to not shut myself away and hide my own ... whatchu callin ' me ? dems fightin ' words ... : tongue : i live with an esfj . we moved to montana and have a 4 bedroom home . it is surrounded by national forest . that worked for me . 1 . you're walking through a forest , you come across a cabin , the door is wide open , do you go inside ? no 2 . hypothetically even if you said no , let's pretend you went inside the cabin , you see a ... he's building his safe wall . when you spend much of your life knowing that everyone in your home base thinks you are crazy or stupid , you get used to withdrawing . home is no longer a safe place , if ... absolutely agree about the responsible spending part . my dad was an awesome example of an intj , but he was also willing to just find things to do and do them for the unit . i chose i instead of e ... find yourself a good intj and entp and go on a road trip . the entp will get things going with their outgoing whirlwind personality , the intj will keep you guys on course with moneymaking ideas . ... i agree with the above . i live 30 miles from a small town , population 25kish . my closest neighbor is about 1/4 mile from us . i work online from home . i am able to happily live a mostly hermit ... is she dating geoff from rooster teeth ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrYCP9YyRbY i have had everything from fish to horses . i prefer the independence of our outdoor cats . i feed them and make sure they have vaccinations , but otherwise they roam free and will give their ... oh no , i didn't think that was what the op thought , i have just come across that opinion so many times in my own experience . i don't understand why people think that the above relationship is not relatively positive ? i have seen the intps are more like roommates spiel and i think , is being friends not a valuable asset ... i thought that this was witty banter ... should i have put a smilie at the end ? : tongue : edwin twitmyer would like a word with you . edited to add ... actually , i think that his subjects would be the ones that would want a word with you ... are you saying that you could not get a pavlovian response in cats ? #pavlov yes , i rehearse everything . i have so many pathways that i go over in my head ! i also solve problems , plan out my days , design ideas and try out imaginary executions of said designs . i just wish ... definitely embrace my intpness , but my daughter is entp , and she can be as introverted as me at times . it's not that that makes me wish i were more like her . it is that fact that she seriously ... my ketchup says store in the fridge after opening for freshness ... is the ketchup in the cupboard a non-us thing ? a regional thing ? i agree with word dispenser , sounds like a closed-minded person ... entp would be my first choice , intj would be my second . i usually go for 5 or 6 , any more and it kind of levels out . what is the top visited website of children of politicians ? well , i live in el dorado , but not the real el dorado , so no coming up here to look for treasure ... here is a lovely pic near me ... 162361 here is a pic of a rare sight , rain ... 162369 a ... if i meet someone that i find attractive , and he pays attention to me , i get very nervous , and turn into the most annoying chatterbox ! my brain has to forcibly send the message to my mouth muscles ... i took that test and got the same result as the op . i read through the description and my first thought was , well , i will be one of the first people the ' powers that be ' will eliminate . :d ry : jeez , i just went on another pointless tangent . my point was , everyone's happiness is different . i am not sure that you can put an overrate / underrate label on it . i could say that my husband ... well , i just had a moment of happiness , you just made me do the not-outright-laugh-but-more-than-a-snort chuckle . it is stuff like this that makes my husband think i'm nuts . he stated recently ... i was so thrilled when i started studying my type and one of the first notions was that we live our lives in our minds . i thought that i was , at best , very weird , at worst , possibly mentally ill . ... i completely agree that most people expect kindness to be some forward thing , laden with emotion , and that is why nts are called unkind . my esfj husband stated recently that i am not kind to him , ... be an elite male prostitute ... you get paid well , if you are good looking enough . you get women of your choice if you know what you are doing . two birds ... one stone . or three + birds , ... well , i'm intp , but i : like most children in lake woebegone , am above average ... i am not a genius ( wish i was ) have a spiritual life have been known to speak to random people in line ( i think i ... intp mom of an entp daughter here , we get on famously . i also have infj and isfj kids and get along with them too . i think of my parenting style as slightly neglectful . not in a bad way , i just ... don't be jealous , we are probably sitting there with emotions that we honestly cannot type . i get very jealous of someone that can easily say that they are sad or fearful or whatever . why is it so ... well , i shall be following this thread . i think that my entp daughter met an enfp guy and she is a bit mesmerized by him , very unusual for her ! she usually pinpoints a guy and goes on a quest , then ... you just have to appreciate being in your own skin , and find bat-shit crazy mother fuckers who love you , even though you are chaos in it's purest form . a third thumbs up for this sentence . my ... 1 . do you best not to borrow from anyone . he whom you owe , owns you . this goes for money and favors . 2 . make sure that you are able to take care of yourself before you go off trying to form a ... oh , wow , yes , that is a problem . i suck at lists and schedules , hate them . i had an sj mother and have an sj husband , lovers of lists . i admire the organization , but i don't work that way . i ... i am a huge fan of natural consequences . i have three kids and have not had too much bother with tantrums , but i also am a very hands off parent to many people . regardless , my kids are all pretty ... my esfj husband thinks that i ( intp ) and my daughter ( entp ) are both very angry people ... we think he is crazy . : tongue : based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : intp or second possibility : intj or third possibility : entp your cognitive functions are , in order of development : ... a cart full of possibilities , that's how i'm going to describe my next grocery trip , thanks lemursgt ! :D i do not like to lead , i like to suggest , and am pretty accommodating . however , i expect ... i don't think it's being an asshole to argue if someone brings it up in your face in the first place . they brought it upon themselves . if it is pleasant discussion of different theories and ... hmm , i believe that you are correct . if someone actually used that phrase in a correct context , i think i would be speechless , but it wouldn't bother me to hear it . '