' well gosh . you're certainly quite the chipper one aren't you ? while i do agree , that , to a large degree , the only person who is fully capable of helping you is yourself , sometimes there are just a ... hrm . well ... i'm still looking into enneagrams but , i'm primarily within the two category . i'm also an aries if that helps any ... ( lol like that is useful on a psychology form ) so i fit a wee ... i realized just how much i like being there for people i care about , in a better way than i was able to for my ex . if anything happened , it was my break-up . haven't had a real hard cry in a damn ... truth . i have gone throuugh many long periods like that , which was why , back in high school , i was so desperate to figure out just what the hell my prupose in existing was . i came up with many things ... well , thanks for the insight , as well as the link . i'll make sure to read it thoroughly and apply anything i've managed to learn to my character development . i really want to do the best i can with ... here i always thought i simply had troubles making paragraphs in my stories , but now i see it applies to well , everything . seems my writing style just doesn't go so well with multiple sentences , ... sad but very , very true , in my case . there is almost always a reason for me not go out and do something outside of my little zone of personal space . whether it be going to the library to make use of ... : shocked : curse you for noticing that , i hadn't even noticed that before , tis really is a bit of a nuance when i look back on that . it happens ... all the damn time now that i look at it . : kitteh : gracie . this is very helpful . i'll make adjustments to be more fitting . so in theory , she'd have troubles with my male lead then ... i was a bit concerned that might be the case , but i ... from a personal perspective ... um . well ... i can't think of anything off the bat . i don't like thinking about the negative qualities of people . yet ... i looove thinking about the ... i already am aware there is likely to be inconsistencies with this character's overall personality , and since she is supposed to be most like an entj in typing to help balance out the main character , ... yes . plain and simple , yes . some consider me quite fluent in the language of eloquent speech , some consider me a master storyteller , some consider me a talentless hack who can't write worth poo ... i suppose i can't say casting images and ideas into my head counts as an artistic medium . well . the dishes in the sink for one . minecraft for another ( i am more comfortable using it to make ... i think it is external forces le9aceymuse is more concerned with than being a threat unto himself . like his predetermined time is almost up . as crazy as it may or may not sound . he's taking care ... i tend to not even need an apology if i like the person enough . > . > ' i'm quite a bit easy to earn the favour of , though not trust . all one person would have to do to get back in my gracious favor ... lol , it is the thought that counts . if i could get her to listen i'd gladly try to get her to use cash when we go shopping for groceries if it increases the likelihood of actually having money in ... frustrated . pissed really . for the past 5 weeks , despite all of my proactive planning , our grocery bill has been consistently high , way higher than it ever should have been to begin with . instead ... o . o she's a pretty one she is . - drools - may not be your exact one , but ... if i played guitar i'd strongly consider that one . neh . some threads can take a while to really pick up . patience is ... favorite stuffs ... hmm ... well ... i like anime . i like games . i like music . i like food ( sweets particularly ) . but specifics of them ? you will need someone who will listen to you , who won't perceive you or judge you to be anything different than a guy with his own problems , and preferably a loyalist through and through . fairly ... ummm ... lemme think . endearment , both ways . overwhleming sadness . not depression , no , not depression . why welcome ! welcome , welcome , welcome , welcome , welcome ! hi there and how do you do ? it is lovely having you here with us , yes , lovely indeed . there are loads of things to learn here , so feel ... do you have any friends . any friends at all ? this is the very first question i feel needs asking . umm . okay . see . i was once that very girl you are talking about . when i met a guy at school who showed me enough interest to actually want to spend a modicum amount of time with , i'd kinda do ... my friend most certainly went on a date of sorts . with a former flame of hers who desired to make up for being an ass to her when he was interested in her long ago . it turned out quite well , even ... when ... when ... you just want to say something , anything , but can't , not because you can't think of anything to say , or are unable to say what you want , but are always thinking upon the potential ... - raises hand - so um . i has a confession . i have an obsessive compulsive desire to watch any and all things anime , and even if it sucks like hell , and is sheer torture to watch , i absolutely am ... neither of the infps i know listen to music that i would consider crappy . of course ... * . * i like a lot of music stuffs . maybe i too like crappy music , and do not realize it . i prefer to believe ... well , i have proven it time and time again . it's hell however for me . my entire personal life is on the web . the moment i lose access to it , i do kinda freak . i'm ... working on this however ... yup . weird is generally not a bad thing , though some may perceive it as bad . not everyone cares for weird , but they're not the people who matter to me anyways . normal may not be overrated , as ... dj derm turtle is twistin out the tunes while we wait for the traditional mexican party bad to show up to play all our favorite classis fiesta music liiive . liiivvveee . while this fiesta ! is ... muey bueno ! xd then candies are a must ! si ! filled with chocolate , hard candies , tiny peanut bags , fruit packets and gooey snacks . cinnamon balls and spicy sweets . we'll hang him high , ... http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSgQA0uvqWO35g6kkkXQKwsicUnUUHv0NsTPAoU9AoJ3O_fmR25qQ ahh ... world's cutest vacuum cleaner . otherwise known as the water bear . ; . ; i wish i understood most of that . okay , another go at research time to try and figure out what you just said . nice to see some actual science in here though . chippity , chippity , mmm i like some chippities . gracias dear senorita , and welcome to the fiesta . as you can see , things are merely just getting warmed up . tonight will surely be , quite ... mebbe . just mebbe . it could be any creepy little kitty with the big grin staring into the crowd lookiing like it wants to murderlize any who get too close , and privately seeking to dominate the ... mwahahahahah ! it's fiesta time ! ! ! - cackles evilly - now get out your macarena's , your tacos , and your favorite dancing shoes , it is time to fiesta ! while i'd naturally love to add an air ... then mediocre i shall remain to you . i don't usually make promises to strangers , but i can promise you this , i will continue to learn what i can learn , even if it means coming up with results none ... you have one specific thing i appreciate about you , your consistency . for the past two days , you have amused me with your views . slowly you have xplained to us further why you hold such views . i ... ooo ... hey , hey , hey , i know this game . so , so , what is your motivation ? do you seek , to understand us ? or do you seek to fix us somehow ? i must say though , you've been quite fun so far . i ... we all have our dreams . i've dreamt of adventure many a time . that was not the point . i do explore , have explored , will explore . we do have curiousity . we approach it far differently though . i ... hohoho . you may not have noticed , but we tend to prefer our own little worlds that we have created within ourselves versus the external worlds . it is not always the case of course , as for example i ... oh i would double post again . it is all too easy to slip back into the state you're in now . once this cycle begins , it is hard to escape from it completely , before slipping right back into it . i'm going to guess that the ... twas the night before st . valentine's day , all was quiet , all was dull , there was not even the sound of a text buzzing through on the cell . school had been as meaningless as ever , all the boys were ... what ? we can't simply be interested in rhetoric too ? some of us have goals you know . perhaps we really do wanna dominate the world ... with love songs , emo poetry , ice cream , cute puppies piglets ... haven't felt like this since oh ... now . the inability to ever give my closest friend what she needs or wants ... the constant fear of losing her as a friend due to my failure to be the friend she ... i suggest we start with loving on the children first . they like us a lot , which allows us easy access to their families . once we meet the families , let's all start dancing , wind up on tv or ... i like pretending trolls are those ugly cute little dolls i used to play with as a kid with that super funky colored hair . yes . except , they're always nakie . fhhh . the consistency of telling us we're wrong did seem to suggest that . '