' i'm feeling really low this evening . i have a recurring pain problem in my right foot ... the sudden drop in temperature outside is making it twinge something dreadful . i've been taking really good ... rrrrghhh ... i feel so angry ! trying to keep it in check since i've been lashing out at my girlfriend quite a bit lately and i know she's had a long , hard day . ( poor thing , she already fell asleep . ) ... i've always struggled with anxiety . it was especially bad when i was a small child , it was always there gnawing at my gut but i didn't have a word for the feeling . by the time i got to college , i ... i am so bone tired . too many people and i feel burnt out . things feel kind of awkward and stilted with my girlfriend of 3 1/2 years , because we're both really busy and stressed out , to stressed out ... well , i have professional diagnoses of social anxiety , post-traumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder . having no access to private space makes me acutely uncomfortable . basically , ... hi there . so , i work in a pretty typical corporate office , in a cubicle . i actually quite enjoy my job . however , today it was announced that the higher-ups are 99 % sure we're going to switch from ... you're such a strong person . you're kind of an inspiration really . you're so cute ! you have such a calming influence . you really have it all together . ( ha ha ha , not true but i ... what a terrible day . i couldn't even contain my tears till i got home so i put my hand over my nose and mouth and squeezed my eyes shut in an effort to keep from sobbing . my foot still hasn't healed ... i hardly ever feel lonely and am actually quite pleased with how many friends / acquaintances i've cobbled together in recent years , because i used to be super-solitary . i don't have a lot of social ... i was super touchy . very fussy , very easily made upset . i screamed whenever we went anywhere new ( restaurants for example ) so my parents just stopped taking me places . ( not saying that's necessarily ... ugh i really really really hate scholarship applications . today i realized i feel more love & affection for music / beauty / art / the universe / etc than for other people . in fact , when i felt tender & vulnerable toward another person recently , it kind of blew ... i think there are two pieces , really . i feel like it's important to always be trying to improve yourself , because if not , you're living in stasis , so why are you even living ( that's how i see it ... people call me smarter than i call myself . i grew up hearing i was smart , was in advanced classes , got good grades without really trying , etc . but i often wonder about what intelligence really ... i've always been very fond of my face . i haven't really ever done that thing where i stare in the mirror and analyze my nose or whatever , not even when i was in high school . very much like my ... i used to be sick with cold symptoms for about a week out of every month . that was when i was really stressed in college & high school , super-busy , had a bad home life , etc . my physical health is ... it's been 4 years or so since i last wrote seriously . i think i've lost my writer's voice , and have no idea how to get it back again ... i really feel like i used to have potential , everyone told ... overeating , alcohol , chocolate , coffee , videogames . i'm dancing alone to club music at bar close alone in my apartment . i'm so lonely i can hardly stand it , but i'll keep drinking apple pie schnapps until i forget that bit of it and just lose myself ... people who blare music through their headphones in public places . it drives me insane . i cannot for the life of me understand why there is no socially acceptable way to tell people they are being ... i am gonna just echo what my therapist tells me all the time : you don't have to do anything to be good enough . you have always been good enough , and you are good enough , and you always will be ... thank you for this ! i have been thinking lately about how often i am moved to tears by music / being out in nature etc , and how grateful i am for that . i suppose i'm much more vulnerable to emotions ... just so tired and agitated all at once . so much internal stress and not sure how to diffuse it . maybe this is what my therapist means when she says i need to learn the practical skill of how to take ... i've always tested as infj , but lately i've been testing as intj . i can feel the slow shift over from feeling into thinking too ... it feels strange and rigid and tiring . so maybe it's not real . i'm ... on the outside , i'm really proud to be an infj . on the inside i'm still working on chipping away at all the years of feeling like i was inferior or crazy or strange . it's a slow process . but i think ... ugh . it is cold and gray and bleak and has been for days . it's almost june , so the heat is off in our apartment , so here i sit freezing to death and feeling glum as hell . as if i don't already for at ... definitely true ... i broke the same bone in my foot twice in one year because i went too hard . good to remember , especially since the moderation point probably extends beyond physical things as ... well , this friend i had threatened me with physical harm when i refused to date him . so i went to the police , and never saw or talked to him again ... completely scary and unacceptable , i will not ... oh my gosh all the time . in fact it's a topic that comes up a lot with my therapist . she expresses concern that i overextend myself on a regular basis , trying to do all the things , but i tell her ... i'm only 25 but i have no urge to settle down . i'm a really committed person , but i just don't see the point in rushing into marriage . i honestly don't care that much about ever being married , to be ... sometimes , the break in your heart is like the hole in the flute . sometimes it's the place where the music comes through . - andrea gibson , gospel salt hmm ... i don't know if it's exactly the same thing , but i get something similar . anything really beautiful , like a painting , a symphony , etc . makes me feel really withdrawn and sad . like , i enjoy it , ... ^ _ ^ ; pretty much . it's not really intentional , just kinda happens . thankfully , my closest friends understand ( though most people don't / are offended ) . yeah , this happens a lot . try as i might , i always kind of drift off and come back . if i focus really hard , i can be more present for the conversation , but it's quite tiring . i think it's gotten ... nope . nothing good , anyway . i don't do a lot of rap or anything , but with any kind of poetry i always need like three drafts before it's palatable . hmm ... i don't know what anyone else does , but i look everywhere except in people's eyes . i always want to , but i find meeting other people's eyes so intense & intimate that i can't prolong it , and i ... self-respect and self-confidence . i do try to eat healthily , and really like fruits , veggies , whole grains . but when i'm stressed , anything that is instantly edible is what i eat . crackers and cereal out of the box , cold leftovers , ... i hate hate hate hate hate interviews ! ! ! i have three interviews between now and tuesday , and i feel about ready to explode . i'm quite socially anxious , so interviews are one of my biggest fears ... aqualung and daydr 3am - thanks for the suggestions ! my thyroid and my blood have both been checked , and it all came out ok . one of the doctors said that i * did * have a somewhat low red blood cell ... thanks everyone for the input ! it might very well be an emotional thing . i hadn't really thought of that ... it is encouraging to hear that maybe all infjs aren't tired all the time ; makes me hopeful ... hey all . do you consider yourself to be a low-energy person ? what do you do about it ? my experience : i regulate my energy the best i can , but i feel continually frustrated by how taxing it is ... zech i still don't really think being an infj comes from a traumatic childhood , exactly , but what you said about the link between insecure attachment & depression / anxiety makes sense . maybe the real ... sorry , op , i can't contribute much , except to say that i have trouble with this too . i can usually tell a fair amount about people , but i have a total blind spot when it comes to whether people want ... oh no ! i'm a lesbian , and i can't imagine being stuck in a small town . i hope you can move to a bigger city once you graduate ! things became a lot better for me ( sexually and socially ) once i went to ... fehhh , i didn't care about it much , in the traditional sense . by which i mean i never saw virginity as a stamp of shame or virtue or whatever . mostly i wanted to get the damn thing over with because ... i had a somewhat traumatic childhood ( absent , neglectful and / or unsupportive parents ) , but i don't think it made me an infj , per se . during the worst years , i withdrew more into myself and tested ... i appear laid-back , but i'm secretly pretty reactive . that is , under times of stress , people always comment on how i seem calm / to have it together / etc but my body is very tense , i feel anxious , my ... wow ... so many responses ! it feels like too much to respond to everyone individually ... but thanks to everyone for the input . :p roud : i'm glad i'm not alone . can i ask how old you are ? i know everybody develops at different times , etc , but i'm curious . i like to think i'll get more comfortable with my shell with age . thanks moltenhorse . :) for the ... '