' msbossypants i give up . you're overreacting and comparing them on a shallow basis and taking something as silly as a video on the internet too seriously . no need to be so tense about everything . that's like saying hitler and prometheus did the same thing because they both wanted to save the world . if you think there is no difference between a bully who tries to blackmail someone and a ... ehh , i think that's seriously misjudging the situation . she is calling her out for behaving like a oversensitive self-entitled jerk and eyerolling on the fact that the said jerk thinks she had the ... my personal advice would be to let it go . you're not compatible . you already gave it plenty of tries and it didn't work . right now you are just wasting your own time with focusing on something that ... parallelion the only reason ( i can think of ) that max uses fe in conversations is because she knows literally what to say due to time turning powers . she can't relate to other people and she ... is it wrong that i actually enjoyed it and laughed ? i can't help it but i love when crazy sjws meet sane assertive people and get owned by them . she seems like a fi-dom . i don't see ne in her and she is very opportunistic . so i lean to isfp . but i wouldn't bet my life on it . the disappointing moment , when you get 8 notifications and all of them are thanks . : sad : it's nice and all but i was looking forward to a debate ... this is how i would explain it too . idk , the infps i know are way too positive to compare them to that . besides , i don't think i suddenly develop ne when it happens . jogging or walking while focusing on my surroundings . or anything se pleasing . i decided to switch to pescatarian diet two weeks ago since i couldn't even stand the smell of meat after returning from usa . so far , i'm disappointed , my way of eating hasn't changed at all . : unsure : after reading the title , the only thing that came to my mind was : after this scheduled discussion , stay tuned for should it be legal to kill people we dislike ? with a commercial break on the topic ... in my experience , it's like a very unhealthy isfp . emotionally unstable and very impulsive while being unable to focus on any long term goals because it will all fail anyway . basically , losing ... i don't bottle it up , per se , i set it on fire and watch it burn . : happy : i would say this is subjective as this approach really helps me and actually discussing my issues is extremely ... l'enfant terrible okay , now , i know what you mean . though the first link has a very naive and idealistic view of fi-doms . i can definitely relate to this although in my case it's about having ... i'm confused here . i still don't see how it's not possible to meet with you and your mom separately . when he will be meeting her , she can pick him up and when he will be meeting you , you can pick him ... l'enfant terrible what do you mean by fi grip ? depends . as long as there is no reason not to ( aka the relationship ended on good terms and no personal code tells them not to be friends with exes ) they will . in my experience , esfps are more people oriented and faster to jump between hobbies and things they do . their working structure is also more organised and they focus on efficiency . they show their ... luxhollands this is coming from an entj but an xntj nonetheless . i would say be direct with him . not spilling your whole heart on the table but tell him you sometimes distance yourself from people ... i see , thanks for clarifying it . i will just say that he must really like you to give you so many chances . second chance is still understandable but a 3rd chance is strange ( read : illogical and ... i feel like se-fi ( esfp ) would be the most passionate . being impulsive and focused on values seems like the perfect combo for a passionate person however the passion is usually short term . so , it ... this seems like s vs . n issue . it's not something that can be resolved over night especially not when you call his favourite topics nonsense . if this doesn't go naturally to you , you two might be ... oh , come on , this is like arguing that a female fe-dom is a te-dom because she's a woman and they feel more than men . as a child , he should be all the more cold and thinking because in childhood , the ... why can't he be meeting you two separately ? if he is a family friend , there is no reason why he would need to meet both at the same time . you can arrange a separate meeting for him with your mom ... gravity is a theory but that's hardly basis for considering it wrong , isn't it ? in sciences , the word theory is synonymous for an explanation of why and how this works rather than something not ... well , my room looks considerably better . my worktable doesn't . : laughing : i second this . all of it . although for me , neat environment = organised environment which most other people consider messy . first of all , you need to accept that typology is bull . none of the current systems have a strong theoretical basis , it's mostly empirical , and thus they cannot be unarguably proved . in other words , ... intjs , never knowing their place . because_why_not sorry , poor little enfj , for giving you a mental breakdown from imagining kicked puppies . refusing to admit one's faults , very intp . armin is very emotional and his first and foremost concern is his friends . that's anything but an intj behaviour . even when he's planning he has trouble detaching his feelings from strategy . that's ... sorry not sorry to interrupt your little love-hate relationship moment here but i wanna join the game . intp : elitist and self-centered . i bothered with typing only the characters i liked . eren - esfp mikasa - istj armin - intp levi - intj ymir - istp annie - istp sasha - esfp historia - isfj rebecca . m if they believed my story that much , i would rather become their new messiah and tell them that i need all of their money for some religious voodoo and then be off to bahamas . any type is as likely as the other one to mistype , however , what i find is that it's easy to mistype as an intj . as sensational said , not only intps commonly mistype as intjs but also completely ... msbossypants i love your new avatar . is it custom made ? adventure : taichi - esfp yamato - istp sora - esfj koushirou - intp mimi - esfp jo - istj takeru - enfj hikari - infj not very seriously . it's a good way to get quick grasp of people and what to expect of them . it's also useful for self-improvement and discovery . not to mention it's a nice hobby that teaches about ... thanks for your answers . i was just wondering because there is this center for self improvement in my town that gave me a voucher for a free personality diagnostic whatever and i found out that the ... estj . pretty much her signature traits are being stuck in past and thinking of many possibilities , so si-ne . her planning and decisiveness shows extj but at the same time she's very slow to act and ... i agree on cersei . as for jorah , in show he seems like an isfj who tries to behave te-ish . but he shows the real him , he's just a bulk of emotions and all of his motivations are emotional . ... rebecca . m just to set things straight , i wasn't a vegetarian or a vegan or anything at that time and they brought me there to show me typical american restaurant . i just have this habit of browsing ... what's your opinion on scientology ? this mindset is counterproductive . how do you expect to do everything to achieve something that will make you bored ? you're not going achieve anything that way because you will subconsciously connect ... me too . side of beans had pieces of meat in a bbq restaurant where meat was the only thing you could order as the main course . side of baked potatoes had bacon ( slightly more understandable ) and a ... i was shocked how big usa is on meat . seriously , most of the courses we had in typical american restaurants pretty much served meat with a side of meat and a meat salad . i was genuinely disgusted . by ... the way i would put it is that entj emotions are usually forthright and genuine unless in a loop or otherwise troubled . we say how we see things , no emotional overload . i usually have several ... completely random signature full of randomness . entp seems right . suicide squad and as a long time dc fan it was extremely disappointing . not funny , characters other than harley were boring , no depth and it tried to be too gritty and dark for no reason at all while ... '