' well of course i live in my head , there are people that know me there :) ugh . omg . i have no words because i can't put them into words . moar . meow . i work there too . so your not alone . :) me too . i seriously would be posting more if i could stop the urge to delete it . i swear even a sentence is hard for me to post at times . i don't think you should be sweating if you'll be able to maintain a solid relationship or not . you are about to make a transition from high school student to university student . a ton of things ... not fast food . it's the only job i've ever had so i can't really say a job i've actually liked . i'm thinking about applying at a local library though . me too . i used to love taking pictures of things i thought were beautiful or had some sentimental value to me . it was tons of fun . :) i can day dream . i can pace around my room without someone thinking i'm strange . : tongue : i'm a pretty happy-go-lucky person , and a lot of the time i have a hard time understanding why some people are miserable when their lives are relatively good . like my friend who is always depressed ... i was finally hired a few months ago . i work at a fast food place . honestly it doesn't pay that well , and i don't really get enough hours . it's easy work that's fast paced at times , and slow others ... ... won't let go , and will probably ask for another one again . hi , i'm on my g / fs account . crazee adam says : i'm an esfj and my g / fs an infp ( she kinda thinks she's an enfp as well but oh well ) and we are very happy together . we don't really disagree that ... here is my opinion . i could easily be wrong . i've found that esfj's are just trying to be helpful in most situations . i think we ( infpenfps ) sometimes seem so scatter brained that they think we ... this would be awesome ... if there was an infp or multiple people with enough money and resources that could make this happen . x_x but if it was real , and close to where i lived ... i would be there ... i like bunnies . :) http://i0006.photobucket.com/albums/0006/findstuff22/Best%20Images/Just%20For%20Fun/bunny1.jpg i've never been very good at anything really . i really enjoyed pottery . when i took pottery class i loved using my hands , and shaping the clay . i shy away from most creative things like drawing ... i do too . for some of his songs . don't get me wrong to me there fluffy bubble gum for tweens . but his songs are catchy , and every tween generation has some boy or boy band that little girls go ... the girl that's always floating between reality and a dream . on my mind today : - my bf , school , the future , hero day dreams , stories , characters in my mind , stuff i need to do , bunnies , lemonade cherry pop , other deep stuff that i forgot about already . if i had a child . these would be my names . :) girl : lily , lilac , lilia , madeline , dawn , jade , angel . boy : lucas , knight , joey , darren , michael , dustin . not sure how creative they are , but ... anime was apart of my childhood in some ways . i love it , but i'm not obsessed . i do sit down and watch an occasional anime here and there . - i am the one that would do anything for people she loves - i am the one that likes to tap along with turning signals . - i am the one that lives in her head . - i am the one that loves daydreaming ... i rather not pay for it honestly . i've taken it a tons of times the last 3 years for my psychology class , my human relations class , and other times on the internet . i've gotten infp every single ... welcome bokanovskified ! ! :) geeks = awesomeness :) the great archives determine you to have gone by the identity : josette papillon known in some parts of the world as : hero of wraiths the great archives record : a needy and violent spirit . ... i was thinking the same thing . it doesn't seem like a problem to me if there optimistic . if i had money and transportation i would actually consider meeting up with some infps in the mid-west u . s . a . it would seem like fun . i'm a libra . :) woot , woot . i just found out today that my friend of quite a few years is a isfj . we have a great easy-going relationship with each other . around her it's normally fun , and playful banter between us . i don't ... i had my first kiss when i was 18 last year with a 21 year old . he had never had his first kiss either . it was a short peck on the lips on a park bench , then more awkward making out later on a ... a granoa bar . :) <3 i have a facebook , but i play more games on it then i talk to people . it's pretty useful to keep in touch with those you don't normally see as often as you like . a lot of replies have pretty good ... i would say sure then try to figure what angle there trying to pull . the one time that this has happened to me the person became overbearing , and pushy . i ended up ignoring her till she decided ... i was really surprise . i got gryffindor . gryffindor - 11 ravenclaw - 10 hufflepuff - 9 slytherin - 8 ' jack the lad ' attitude ? i can't hurt anyone honestly . the only instance i was close to was when someone once said something that deeply offended me . it was something sexually vulgar about my little brother who was ... dexter the show is awesome . anyway ... i've never thought of him as a infp , but i can see it . :) anne from green gables - yeah , i can see it since she had such an idealistic view of the world . ... its ' cold here but sunny ! it's gonna be a good day . :) im hoping to get a job , and having no homework for 3 months . woot . <3 i don't like jealousy . :( i've been accused of it when i confronted my ex about him obviously flirting with two of my friends . x_x i had to go through the embarrassment of why are you dating him ? ... it seems like a good profession to me . you have to know your stuff , and be good at advising people when they have questions or concerns . you just have to get through the horrors of chemistry , ... well i'm dating one , and i'm a infp . :) i think we are doing pretty good . we are the mushiest couple i know , and we love every minute of it . : blushed : i'm able to be myself around him , and ... divorce scares me too . my dad used to tell me how horrible it is , and he couldn't do it . he was first person to take my idealistic vision of marriage and destroyed it from a very young age . he taught ... i prefer my cat even though i do like dogs . awww thanks guys . :) <3 i'm listening to silence . :) it's a good kind of peaceful silence ... i really should be listening to music though . pretty much what everyone said . it's nice to think that your not the only one that feels like an alien in this world . that's why i'm a little obsessed about it . - have a kid - go to canada and maybe become a citizen of that country . - get married ( hopefully before having a kid ) - dress up for a anime convention - be a normal weight for my age and height ... when i was very young i always got along with people that were older then me , and i didn't have any friends . now i have more friends that are in my age group , but i still get along better with the ... i do when i'm depressed . i sometimes get more upset when my thoughts run away from me , then i think of what would i do if i or someone i loved died or got hurt . not what i normally call fun thoughts . '