' i would say he's obviously intp ;) ( i'm not an isfp but i hope you won't mind ) astrid-infp kim-infp eva-enfj jacob marcus i'm an intp . i feel like i've given up at the moment . is it possible to have a good healthy relationship between these two types ? it has improved slightly since i moved out ( since we don't see ... the way i see it , ni is vague knowing , ti is complete knowing . kindness and making others feel good are not the same things . it's the motivation behind that matters , but that's just my opinion . i have read in many places that the brain isn't completely developed until the late twenties . if my understanding is correct , for intps what would come in last is the fe , or in other words a ... how common is it for you to run into another enfj ? i definitely agree on the introverted perceiver parts . i'm leaning towards isfp though ( read some very convincing arguments in her thread here a while back ) . there's a thread with a lot of stuff like this on this board , search for dario nardi the brain is still a big mystery to humans , it is certainly not as simple as you make it out to be . i find it pointless to find a simple explanation like this at this point . i see your point , but when we're talking about war it's hundreds of thousands of people , not trading a life 1:1 . i don't think dropping a nuclear bomb on an innocent city can be justified in any way . what would make your friends and family worth more than the japanese ? if everyone would kill in self-defence there would be no people left ( sry i had to , my thread , this is the kind of patriotic ... maz jobrani , i really liked his sense of humor . he made a funny ted talk if i recall correctly as well . yeah , i think that's the major problem i have ( not just here but life in general ) , i really have to cut down on that . forcing it at least . i have to write a paper on what small events triggered this historical event . i am having very much trouble trying to put myself in everyones shoes and i'm having a very hard time not judging ( yeah , ... do they love intps romantically ? yes , they do . :) i find enneagram more limiting than helpful tbh . take over the world together , obviously :) to me it sounds like you just don't want kids with the guys you were seeing , but maybe i'm wrong . personally i've seen too many old people regretting not having kids i'm determined i want to have one ... i used to have a major complex about the bags under my eyes between ages 11-14 ish ( puberty ) , it was probably the anxiety that caused it . i don't get them now , or at least if i do i don't notice them . seriously though , this would make sense in a way since their inferiorly and excitable introverted functions are si ( focuses on the own human body ) and ti ( focuses on an individual among the fe ... zachary quinto ! great guy hello vague brother , i have nothing against you because you have not revealed yourself fully yet as usual mr intj that's the point , we don't think like eachother at all why did you have to solve the problem that way ? just think like this , much easier ... i go to the gym alot am i the only one who thinks these tests are terrible for intps ? enfj is a pretty great match imo , along with infjs and esfjs , esfps ar baaad ... this thread is 100 % serious ! i have observed that esfj girls are the ones who most oftenly and passionately discuss and speculate about guys penis sizes . are my observations accurate ? do you recognize this in yourselves ? he's definitely an intp , not just the fictional character . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9l1oYAUV-uY i see people type jimmy fallon things like enfj etc ... crazy ! definite intp guy imo . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_au1ikdU40 ok , after watching this interview with estj letterman i'm convinced she's an infj . these two types are complete opposites function wise and throughout ... i believe that's a personality trait unrelated to mbti in her case just looking at different people of the same type does nothing if you're looking at the wrong things , behaviour can differ greatly between individuals of the same type . jennifer lawrence seemed to ... i'm not too sure , and none of you in this thread seem confident enough in typology for me to think otherwise it was obvious to me she was an infj pretty quickly ... guess i could be wrong though , haven't watched too much of her if it weren't for the fact that i'm convinced obama is an entp ... great find :) he definitely strikes me as an intp over entp i just finished death note , first anime i watched ( and probably last ) , and i was convinced from the start he was an intp ... the in is obivous i guess , but the series seemed like one created mainly by ... haha , yes ... and yes i do relate to this topic , check out the intpforum and you'll see visual typing ( mainly eye movements ) has been a big topic there for the past months ... i hope i'll have better ... yes , that sounds about right . :) well , we're not really similar in that sense but our conversations somehow tend to lead in the same directions ... hard to put into words , i need to get to know more of you guys i suppose ... remember that ips are lead judgers as well as ejs , just that the judging isn't done externally . so don't be so quick to lump all ps together , eps and ijs are the real dominant perceivers ... i find it interesting that enfjs and intps share some mannerisms that i've personally observed ... it's the fe-se / ti-si social wall that constantly struggles to let it's n ( ni / ne ) shine through ... on ... i personally believe he is an entp who puts a lot of focus and emphasis on his inferior function , si , which may make it look like that's his only focus . they share all the cognitive functions even . i remember reading in dario nardis research that enfjs and estps ( as well as intps and isfjs etc ) shared the most similar brain usage . daniel day-lewis : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LRdyqS0iS0 2 male celeberities i'm quite certain are enfjs : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaJUhVY1URk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BrKiG1cUPA ^ i'd definitely type those as enfjs ( and wow amy adams is hot ! lol ) '