' i would never mar by body by getting a tattoo . 81 . i was dragged down by the question about similar morals and beliefs . i'm quite politically incorrect myself ( though not about sexism ) , so all i can do is laugh . 1 . ) at first glance how do you appear to people ? i suppose that people who do not know me think that i am gay ; i've been asked by near strangers often enough . i strike most people as scholarly , ... my home town is so beautiful . i live in a medium sized city that is perhaps the most conservative and old fashioned in australia . manners are still important here , which is nice . it is also tropical , ... the most beautiful thing in the world to me is the ocean . it is almost a spiritual experience for me to immerse myself within it . i disagree . i hate a few people , it's true , but more common to me is the hatred of ideals and the people who embrace them . i hate misogyny , i hate certain cultures and religions , and i hate ... if you count sleep , about 30 % with other people . http / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqhxbsw0zns haha ! she sounds like my sister . when my great grandmother , who i was very close too , died when i was eleven . i had just gotten a great mark on an assignment , but every time someone rang the teachers phone i was terrified that it ... the entire book made me cry . gone with the wind ( book and movie ) , a streetcar named desire , gypsy ( fleetwood mac ) , perfect day ( miriam stockley ) , a lot of others . the library is my main social hub . i read and talk , absolute perfection . infj , blue , it definitely fits me . odd . i try not to help people who don't ask for it . why don't they appreciate my sageness ? oh , i'm rebellious . australia probably values esfp's the most . tall poppy syndrome is a major problem . my dad is istp , is sp . i love isfj's . my grandma is isfj , and she is my favourite person in the world . esfj and enfj . my favourite friends and family all seem to have those mbti . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5j8In4wu3g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7kmw31nRDU hmmm , you'd be surprised . not many intelligent girls ( or people in general ) near me . grr . t's treat people as so interchangeable . no one can ever be replaced ! i'm sorry for not being very constructive , but i doubt that she will forgive you . i wouldn't . he got a sort of honorary one . no prize was given the year he died . god isn't omnipotent . how do you move on from the end of a relationship ? i will try and keep the relationship working for as long as possible , but if i know it is over i end it like ripping off a band aid . how ... polo shirts and jeans or chinos . i'm not depressed . infj : economic left / right : -4.88 social libertarian / authoritarian : 4.67 my mother is probably foremost among those who vent to me , although i have had cases of domestic abuse , sexual assault and of course people opening up about their sexuality come to me . it sounds so cliché , but be yourself . i know it is especially hard for infjs , and i know that i don't always follow this advice , but the mask we all wear is cumbersome . acquaintances aren't friends . people seem to gravitate towards me ( i don't know why ) , but i only have three real friends ( five if you count my grandmother and my cat ) . i like a , not b so much . as long as i can have an intellectual discussion with a girl , i'd be happy . nf is a potent mix . i think j could be added to that as well , to some extent . judgers in my opinion have more solid and fanatical views , which are conductive to public speaking . enfj . infj's are the self immolators who spark the revolution . abortion : i am a very strong pro-lifer . the only reason i can think of an abortion is acceptable is if the child will be dead at birth or both mother and child will die . health care : universal ... infj's aren't always sensible and calm when it comes to their charisma . if it is an issue that they care about , they will get fired up really fast . hitler was an infj , and his charisma could not be ... i confess that i am writing a fantasy epic . reading , listening to music , looking at beautiful things . showering . i need both to live a full life . i'm not an intj , so i choose death . ignorance is probably the number one berserk button for me . esfp 86290 no , my intuition serves me well in this area . infj : me enfj : mum esfj : middle sister esfp : youngest sister istp : dad i honestly prefer i's to s's , but they most definitely are not inferior . i'm an infj who prefers not to smile for aesthetic reasons . my face when neutral or frowning has a classical look too it , but smiling creates a plastic , burn victim look . my best friend and mother are both enfj . '