' is it normal for an esfj guy to get so involved in a hobby that he shuts out the rest of the world ? or maybe that's just because he got diablo 3 and it's a guy thing . either way , my esfj boyfriend ... ok , i'm hoping there's a nice esfj out there who can help me out with this . i'm in a long-distance relationship with an esfj guy , we met in high school and now we're both at different colleges . we've ... when my parents expect me to act a certain way or follow certain rules without telling me what those rules or , or if they change those rules over time without telling me that they've changed or why ... - i don't know why i feel so awful when i don't do certain things that i expect of myself , especially when no one else expects them . - i'm worried that i may have some form of anxiety and / or ... do any of you intj's feel awful about yourself when you don't fulfill your own expectations for how you should be acting ? i've read that we often have our own individual standards for ourselves , that ... why were you never there for your son when he needed you ? here let me help you with that ... * loads gun * i'm starting to wonder if i actually have depression , i've been dealing with a lot of the symptoms and a number of different online self-assessments have advised me to talk to a healthcare ... i completely agree . i go to parties out of politeness towards the people who invite me . a bunch of the girls in my sorority threw me a surprise birthday party last week , and i felt awkward and out of ... hey ... i really needed to hear this . thank you . i'm starting to wonder if i actually have depression , i've been dealing with a lot of the symptoms and a number of different online self-assessments have advised me to talk to a healthcare ... 1 . physical attraction / chemistry 2 . someone who can keep up with me intellectually 3 . someone who will protect me from myself when i need it , when i get too focused on my pursuits and stop taking ... i do this to my bf all the time and he says the same thing . he's not bothered by it , and for some reason he thinks i'm adorable . i just love looking at him when he thinks i'm not noticing and i ... i'm so tired of coming second to his video game addiction . we've been dating for two years now , and still sometimes it feels like he would rather sit in the other room with his computer then come to ... by using this online assessment ... openness to experience / intellect : 53 % conscientiousness : 83 % extraversion : 4 % agreeableness : 0 % neuroticism : 96 % - 4.3 cumulative gpa for high school - 12 - time high school letterman , was on varsity cross country , diving , and track & field for all four years of high school - attended a community college at ... as a hot intj lady ... if some guy came up to me with this sort of approach . i'd slap the bastard . i'm an intj girl who's dating an esfj guy , and it's definitely been the best relationship of my life . he always says that some of the things that attracted him to me in the first place was that i was ... chemical engineering student present for roll call . http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls7yivx2cf1qadrw1o1_500.jpg i'm an intj and i've been dating an esfj guy for almost two years now . christmas and our anniversary are both coming up , but i have no idea what to get him . since i'm so logical , i always think about ... my boyfriend is an esfj , and to this day i am amazed about the minor details he remembers from the beginning of our relationship , especially the conversations we've had . he can tell you the exact ... hey man , i'm with you . i'm an intj girl that fell ( hard ) for an esfj , and got lucky enough to have the best relationship of my life with him . we've been together and happy for almost two years now , ... * high five * to another girl in science and engineering . there should be more of us , if you ask me . i agree with everything you said about not relating to other girls . it's my second year of college ... any advice for finding energy when you're completely exhausted ? anyone ? i'm totally with you on this one . i've never felt like one of the girls , and i have problems keeping long friendships going with other girls , especially extroverts . it's hard to stay in a ... cool ? how many of you give a darn about what people think is cool ? we have strengths , yes , such as independent thinking and pragmatic reasoning skills , but that doesn't make it cool . that makes us ... college students with dumb majors that don't have a job market . ( history , english , communications , etc . ) . it seems like all the non-engineering / science / math majors have tons of free time to do all ... know your place on the internet , it's as simple as that . it's also a good general rule not to piss off intjs . we can be ruthless when we want to be . people with bad grammar should not be allowed to use the internet , or at least to publish anything online . if you must post something with your instead of you're and their instead of they're , ... this sounds a lot like me , so i'm glad to hear i'm not the only one . i've always been more self-aware than my peers and i feel like i've been on a different timeline than everyone around me . people ... that makes a lot more sense , i guess i just didn't understand what you were saying . very good point , i guess age isn't as big a deal as i thought . who knows , it's probably better for me to wait till ... now i can't decide whether you're trying to troll me or you just didn't read back far enough . i was talking about sex . not speeding tickets . good try though ? there's other factors besides personality type that are part of the situation here ... - how long have you been seeing each other ? exclusively ? - have you had sudden breakups or an unhealthy ... we're a bionic superhuman race . deal with it . that sounds exactly like me , no joke . i'm still in college so there's no productivity scale between me and my peers , but i'm pretty sure i'm the only one in the entire university right now who's ... hey look , another enfj-intj pair ! holla ! except i'm the intj gf and he's the esfj bf . i guess it's a good pairing either way . this is exactly where i was about two years ago . i'm an intj so i like to be really independent , and i've always wondered why my esfj boyfriend has dated / kissed so many other girls . i guess it's not ... that's not to say that i'm young . he's 20 and i'll be 20 in december , we were just lucky enough to not have sex with anyone else before we met each other . it's a religious upbringing for me and just ... my mistake , i meant esfj . one other thing about the sex side of it is that we're both virgins , so it probably doesn't have the same level of necessity as it would if we already knew what we're ... he balances me out really well personality-wise . i'm intj and he's enfj ( moderately expressed extravert , slightly expressed sensing , distinctively expressed feeling personality , slightly expressed ... this is pretty much identical to something i blogged about a few weeks ago : love at first sight . i don't follow a predetermined destiny , it's up to me and the guy to make it work . i think ... i'll be 20 in two months . and still dealing with feeling guilty about wanting something that most people have done by age 17 or 18 ... just fyi if you want to continue with that advice spiel . would you say that being intj has made you a better motorcycle rider ? i'm currently saving up for my first bike and everyone around me keeps saying that motorcycles are flying death machines , but i ... funny you should mention this , i'm an intj and enneagram 5 . hoarding has always been a struggle with me . i tend to keep things around longer than i need them because i think i may find a use for all ... halfway done with a combined bachelor's-master's degree in chemical engineering . boom baby ! i'm a full time college student and working 15 hours a week as a physics tutor to other students . i don't really have the money to just go shopping and buy clothes , so i just have a few essentials ... my strategy is just to put myself under so many demands that i can't physicaly afford to get behind . things are hair-pulling stressful on a weekly basis , so if i were to slack off i know i wouldn't ... i don't think this could be any more true . i'm a nineteen year old intj that just pledged a sorority , and i've never felt more out of place than i do in a house full of girls . they're all so social ... would getting a combined bachelor's of science-master's of engineering degree in chemical engineering in a total of four years after high school count as a significantly difficult project for an ... as far as self-conficence with academics and intelligence , i would say i'm pretty solid . i know that i'm not always going to be the smartest person in a given situation ( though i say this mostly as a ... '