wisdom of the sages gods beyond bible pages snakes friendlier than calico kittens grab your mittens heart colder than space debris fuck around and its most definitely third degree no ... thoroughly burrowed in the soul no sympathy in yesterday i played it for tomorrow standing on vengeance i wouldn't pull the bow i got from black sunday the soul one on monday camo and boots ... grudge life long carry it to death screw trying to mariah carey it here's to a bad guy any influence just ask bush about a baghdad sky any extension gets life suspension pay attention to those ... poetry know a tree branch out crab apples justice some snake foods drink the kool aid spit it back in the bowl making diamonds out of coal its for ever getting rust like deaths sickle in ... poetry know a tree branch out crab apples justice some snake foods drink the kool aid spit it back in the bowl making diamonds out of coal its for ever getting rust like deaths sickle in ... when i put blood in the water ill stir it around and giggle when a fin comes around but no sound the goals to get it on the ground if the romance is psychic then its eternal many daggers have been spent to light your candles scent so it shines a snakes glint all is safe in a fabricated hint waking up to the souls you've spent i'll dry my eyes with this so much wine ... when i gather my quartz rocks ill pick all the locks and spark a glimmer as a grin turn around to steal all of your sin one two hear it roar some have said holy river slope a soft voice speaks down to a well singing a familiar song of sorry and hope the well is still and eccos nope crazy cranbarry how you bitter all that would be sweet knowing this now i can sleep ghjijkjk uiomiooiup iuoiopuiioupkjm jkj jjkuo uku uuliil fggjjjikl bbb jjjkkklllgggdddttt adrf yhfdj ... all around you and your ego's true im where you'll never go i live inside you come on you know it's true and i do wear ghosts and amp a tire to burn a wire a beach on my toes cross hairs like bunnies trick or treat time to get off off of my feet what i am shows me what you are no need to look to far it heals will leave a scar riddle me this riddle your self the riddles are all riddling an educated guess if you need to guess then ... some things sort of something short of a gasping loves share whirl winds laid it bare from lucky sides im way over there frozen lake fell from the top got even colder as i dropped three doors , which to knock what's my incentive not to stop grabbing hairs as a lock further down still ill drop like rains that ... http://youtu.be/7SGVSsZWKvw kill my heart yeah ill murder it with my own poison dart so should i start many souls a burden and charred soaked on dry walls cascaded under a water fall and i bend some more again cant be true so i do what's going down lived to drowned breathing out a fake cough fluttering like a wounded moth ... hold me up to your shadow love me is what you tell and my soul you would sell is it any wonder you drink out of a poisoned well so i lie still in the garden and listen for the snakes passion ... the vampires moral mask moral high ground not an odd place for the sadist to be found they're pleasure not in hate but that it exists they feed off the misery of others so to exist like ... come on camo spot light sweat in the sun to our delight come on and pull over next to me the wool over my eyes itchy as can be make me an impression what's your lesson do you even have a plan ... all condensed and makes so much sense just a small leap of faith pretend to sleep a symbol to the black sheep a funny taste to a life to waste bums eat with fingers and thumbs pointing its ... what a fine hallucination figures and senses none relations see the air down to the particle are you there or no where dancing around the tango so they let go and let me know the ego such ... no longer burdened by assumption an over all consuming self consumption something twists in the trees scratching at the surface like flees im an intention person oh the magic man wont you show me your hand yes i can read the lines in your dance sitting on a fence of pure chance i look over and catch the truth in a glance will you waist away in a garden ... people talking walking ritualistic cannibal stalking ear tends to sharpen this can be me i don't think oh i do c2 two i trust so where is your blind sheppard son daughter mother and father all the she peep looking at each other corralled one by one all together prepared again for new slaughter how many should we keep ... i'm your illusion masking your ego the many colours we paint through the hate you feed on the love you lean on some divine space in between a song the tulips plucked from the grass i'm your ... kathy my partner was quite brutal i my self quite shy on the other hand but am i not as brutal as the brutality i hide behind every now and again rocking in my chair playing with my necklace ... running down no man's land it says come to congruence it knows full well what brings them together in peace one side riddles the flesh with steel the other dehumanizes to make an idol they ... one little snake eye not even a wink shows me what you think i'm not shallow enough to feel jealous but deep enough to sense malice certainly would never want your kind to envelope me ... dragged my cross out of the crumbling roman empire never do i tire over a thousand years dragging it through the fire natures a sin that smiles a grin and whispers belief deep with in we all know ... you should publish that djeter blasphemy coal lest in rising rigid as an empire dying and its a cold train riding heart head ache soul of a siren when is will tired and children riding down the rails of the tribe men ... saw a country the other day im not religios yet glad they pray like a mother fearfull that they must play rap my soul around them like a blanket i wish i could http://youtu.be/FU4aQ51lIXA twentieth century mind sifting through the ruble not hard to find liberated by creative minds the emporers have to resign reality casts the vote evolution chooses to demote the planet is ... makes me think of this http://youtu.be/CKcA4UglQkk strange addiction fatcual fiction uninspired depiction numb religion scitzoid reflection a world extreem high on the tabloid drawing souls to a void history an egoes manifestation the astonots ... comfortable sand between my toes standing at what seemed to be the gates of hell walked into it sure of my self an infinite shell it boiled my blood , calloused my nerves and veins comfortable ... religion exhausted from perpetual war on the verge of resignation the future arriving on time a world modelled with humanitarian crime replaced by the exoskeleton of the evolutionary mind the ... it is my politics that keep me afloat surrounding my mind convenient moat what if it should spring a leak how would i retreat how would i admit defeat its a swirling vail meaning nothing the ... she's a beautiful creature mind of her own beyond home grown deserving to dance a mediterranean sea swimming in a pond deserves nothing of beauty with out a doubt a stare that should ... sawing down the apple tree must be a cabin and food for me oh my god are they true oh my my haven't a clue sweating rain nothing new beat my soul to the ground moral compass of a few gaining ground getting a clue heavens hell with people like you oh ... : sad : oh my god are they true oh my my haven't a clue sweating rain nothing new beat my soul to the grown moral compass of a few gaining ground getting a clue heavens hell around people like you oh ...