' i'd say i'm a moralising , harmonising snowflake hi again , i've posted about my depression / anxiety on here before but i don't know how to really say this so i'm just gonna explain what's happened and what i'm feeling . i managed to create a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg_-IVEZwcU in my experience , the darkness is not indulged by self righteousness , it's fed by the darkness of others . in other words , i would say that the darkness comes not from the feeling of me being right ... this is brilliant and should be highly appreciated . hi everyone ! it's been a while . the last three months or so have been really tough . i had a death in the family , lost my job , ended up homeless for a few weeks , had quite a big disagreement with ... apathetic . i believe i am my own god yeah , i read up on dysthymia when i was younger . it wasn't quite right as i have quite high self esteem / self worth and my depression isn't mild , it's severe . but thanks for pointing it out :) i've been diagnosed with everything from clinical depression to manic depression , bipolar ii , ptsd etc . none of which i feel really explain my condition . as i think i've said before here , my ... hmm ... - a nice mouth and big lips - emotional intelligence and awareness - witt and a sadistic sense of humour - strong eye contact - tattoos ( but nothing tribal ) - an interest in social ... 1 . so , when did you lose yours ? when i was 13 to a guy i went to school with . 2 . any stories to tell ? not really , i'm yet to have an experience worth repeating . 3 . do you have any regrets ? ... i have hardcore bitchy resting face . it almost always sits somewhere between neutral and disgusted when i'm not with friends . amen ! welcome , intrigued 17 ! high school was definitely an experience ... to put it simply , i had some great moments but most of high school was unenjoyable and very uninteresting . early on i was ... the short answer for me is no . but i find that the people i let close respect me , even if they don't necessarily understand me . 1 . what does your intuition feel like ? it manifests in different ways for me . sometimes i have a physical reaction to people / places / situations where i get a massive rush of energy down my spine and ... depends . for me , my empathy is a tool i frequently employ in these kinds of situations . if someone attacks me , the first thing i do is analyse the f * ck out of it , trying to understand their ... empathy : one of my strongest qualities and one of my weakest fence sitting : i'd be interested to know if any of you have experienced this . for reasons until recently unknown to me , i've kept ... this is a tough one . firstly , you're a great friend for being so caring . in my extensive experience with debilitating depression , i couldn't find a solution with my friends or loved ones but i ... great thread ! judgement ( nothing makes me detach from someone faster that if i feel i am being judged . especially if they have no right to judge , which 95 % of the time is the case ) injustice ... great thread ! 1 . empathetic 2 . reserved 3 . supportive 4 . inquisitive 5 . intelligent 6 . romantic 7 . dynamic 8 . auditory sorry to interject but i think that's an incredibly uninformed and vaguely offensive opinion . if you want to deal with your depression / anxiety / bipolar etc . without medication , that's completely fine ... this pretty much sums up my internal monolog during 90 % of the interactions i have with people http://24.media.tumblr.com/30a808e839cb352c8605a81edf5c971d/tumblr_mm65p9x6OM1r0ftodo1_500.gif ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oGDTbONRtc i definitely think we are an over-medicated world . that said , i think medication can be incredibly beneficial . i've personally struggled with depression for almost a decade , which i avoided ... for me , grief is logical and therefor serves a function . depression is devoid of logic and function . in my experience , i always take charge , stay calm , do everything i can to help etc . until someone more qualified arrives i have an awful temper but it very very rarely comes out . my style of arguing is greatly affected by the situation . if i feel as though i'm being unfairly judged , i become quiet , withdrawn and ... me : am i a bad person ? other : um ... no ... me : * inside head * shit ... i'm a bad person . other : * judgemental stare * me : * shrugs * oh well . other : * rants for fifteen minutes about something ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFtMl-uipA8 something about this is hypnotic . obsessed with this song and video at the moment . i know these have been said but i just thought i'd agree . perks of being a wallflower lord of the flies http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9q38j-wnZBM definitely worth seeing . explores family dynamics and a bunch of mental illnesses . very good . where are you from ? and where do you live ? melbourne , australia for both . age ? 23 . three words that could be used to describe you : intelligent hi infjs ! i've always noticed that i somehow get myself stuck in the middle of conflicts between others . does this happen to any of you ? i have my own little theory as to why i think it ... the two things that draw me to films is being able to empathise / relate to the characters and / or beautiful visuals . all these are worth watching ! a single man ( a gay man / straight woman ... one of my all-time favourite beach house songs * sigh * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QT5eGHCJdE brilliant thread ! :) 1 . your favorite song ( at the moment ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrsiseQSit0 2 . your least favorite song my people - the presets * puke * 3 . a song that makes you ... so fellow infjs , what are your crutches ? emotional , physical , whatever . here are a few of mine : iced tea expensive shoes cigarettes people in need of help or support a question i ask myself everyday ha this was my first approach and for me , it didn't work . as many of us here , i have a lot of experience when it comes to difficulty with family members . my father was a physically and emotionally ... changeable i'd say fair call . of course there are exceptions . i have two close friends . the first i've known for quite a few years and we're friends because i love her and she needs me . the second is an even ... i'm not great with money . my family was very affluent and up until i was about 18 , i had more money than i could spend . but when my parents divorced and my father and i stopped speaking , my mum and i ... i remember what you're feeling and it's scary as hell but don't stress about it too much . all through my school years , i didn't find anyone i felt i could open myself up to . i had a couple of ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes , many times 2 . have you ever attempted to kill yourself ? yes , three times 3 . what kept you from killing yourself ? luck ? stubbornness ? 4 . what will ... this is why i don't drink haha i have two . i have a small e on my right wrist and this on my left . 75765 i'm also totally obsessed with this tattoo of primrose and feather by alphonse mucha . 75766 i'm gonna be here all day ... my main pet peeve is selfishness , or as my mother calls it unawareness . - drivers who don't indicate , cut me off , pull out in front of me only to slow down , go ... loneliness , doing nothing with my life , spiders , rejection ... oh , and anyone who wears leggings as pants . '