' eeee ! i touch everything when i'm shopping ! sometimes i smell stuff , like in an office supply store ! i recently met someone and a few minutes after i met her i just knew she had to be an enfp ! i asked her later on if she had ever even heard of mbti and she was like yes ! are you an enfp ? ! and then ... when i read this , it was like i had an a-ha ! moment ! it makes perfect sense ! i tend to type now , regret later ! once in a while i come across something i posted on a forum years back and just want so badly to delete it because i feel embarrassed . i personally am very flirty when i like someone . a lot of eye contact , smiles , trying to touch the other person on the arm or something . i want to spend a lot of time with them doing pretty much ... where would you live ? puerto viejo de talamanca , costa rica ... greece ... japan . or maybe asheville , nc . anywhere pretty :] what would you live in ? depending on the location ... if it was somewhere ... i think 95 % is way high of a number . quite a few of my friends have tattoos done by great artists and the number of trashy , cliche tattoos i have seen are way less than the good ones . then again the ... i am currently talking exclusively to an enfj & every moment i spend with him is wonderful . lots of laughs , no stress and lots of affection . :] my only hang up is we only see each other every few ... i too am very silly when i'm around close friends :] usually derby practice . my sillyness comes in forms of lots of noises , handstands , dancing and being silly on my skates & making people laugh ... dear anonymous , i'm really going to try and deal with the distance because you are more than worth it . dear anonymous , i think you're being a selfish ass . my anxiety brought on by a number of things . i was diagnosed with misophonia earlier this year and it doesn't make getting up and walking out of a room when a trigger noise happens any easier or ... as per usual i waited until 10:30 last night to write a 4 page essay and thought it was terrible & my professor said it was great and i was very insightful :] yay ! sent from my asus transformer ... womp womp . sent from my asus transformer pad tf700t using tapatalk 2 a pretty red dress ! [ ] you are currently pregnant [ ] you've ever had cancer [ ] you are balding [ ] you are over the age of 55 [ x ] you have a tablet device [ ] you've been to new zealand [ ] you've lived in more than ... hahahaha , for some reason that whole part of your post has me laughing almost to the point of tears . i think it's a combination of your avatar & that :p viva : 4w3 7w6 9w8 so / sx ace face : 3w2 , 7w8 , 1w2 sx / so cue 5c : 6w5 , 3w4 , 9w1 so / sx the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 ... hm . my mother is esfj , my sister is intp . wow ... you are a lot to take in at once i think my handwriting is alright - i mean i personally love my handwriting ( thought about turning it into a font ) but sometimes it can get a bit messy . i write in all caps & am bad about leaving ... dear anonymous , stop ignoring me ! don't you understand i need affirmation ? ! you're confusing me and it's making me crazy . haha ! i always buy lots of things with the idea of organizing everything and making it look super cute like posts i have pinned on pinterest and well ... it never ever goes beyond that . i can ... i play roller derby and i go to hot yoga . i also exercise in one form or another a few times a week on top of all that ! have you ever thought of yoga or riding a bike or spin class ? if you're up ... well today i am less than enthused about it . i have recently started talking to an xnfj and i reallly like him however over the past 48 hours he has suddenly seemed to have lost interest in me & ... a neon orange lacy bandeau top and some mesh blue soffee shorts . laundry day and it's hot in the house ! oh i'm not saying i wouldn't do it :p my first response to the topic was meant to be more facetious than anything . i'm glad you mentioned ok cupid and match - good to know a pay site isn't really ... i remember a few years back when i went to sign up for one of the pay sites and had to answer the ( what seemed like ) thousands of questions ! i got bored about half way through and decided maybe ... well ! that answers my question as to whether or not i should sign up for one of those sites ! well , i'm at work and unable to take a perfect forward facing photo so i had to use this one for now ! oh and as far as heritage goes : scandinavian and i believe a teeny bit scottish 39411 around 6am sitting on my back porch with a cup of coffee in total silence . also laying in the grass , in the shade , just staring up at the sky . hahaha , thank you ! :] if only my boss was okay with me having it year around , i'd be sure to keep it teal . i'm in love with that color ! ! i actually shaved all of my hair off shortly after that . womp ... this . i don't enjoy kids at all . they make me nervous and cause ridiculously high levels of stress & anxiety . i'll stick with my herd of pomeranians :] water , 120 + oz a day . i'm surprised no one has said it yet but - energy drinks ! monster rehabs in particular , i don't like carbonated beverages . i also love hot teas with a bit of cream and sugar or ... this thread has helped me to realize i need to stay home from practice tonight ! thanks ! :] i have my moments . my impulsive spending is usually $ 20 or less . i try to sit down once a month and figure out what money is going where & allot a certain amount to savings but it doesn't always ... need at least one evening to myself after this past week . i am mentally worn down and just want a huge mug of tea , my dogs and a good movie to watch . otherwise i feel i'll burn out before friday . ... haha , i will have my moments in mid-hangout where my brain will be kicking itself directly after i do / say something :] good to know i'm not the only one . this is a huge reason as to why i stopped ... after hanging out with friends or new people i find myself going back over bits of the conversation when i'm alone . i end up feeling embarrassed about how much of a spaz i was being or that i was ... i have done done laundry three times , folded it down ( which seemed like 12 chores by itself ! ! ! ) & stacked it right back in the basket ! my one goal for the evening is to put the clothes away ! haha :p ... i wish i had half of the energy you have ! what did you just say ? you talk too fast ! calm down why are you talking so loud ? ! i love the noises you make ! make that noise again ! ... neat :] 10 characters glad to know i'm not the only one :] most of my friends don't understand & will just order something safe and probably something they eat every time they go out ! going to an italian restaurant ... i always feel so rushed when it comes to ordering ! it doesn't help that when we sit down i just want to talk and talk and participate in conversation ! i will ask the waitress / waiter what they think ... it depends . some days it's a t-shirt and jeans although i've started to feel under-dressed when i wear this type of stuff - even though no one around me is dressing very nice ... sometimes i feel ... dear istps , thank you for constantly making me laugh . sincerely , enfp yes ! i get so upset when someone tells me to lower my voice . then i tend to go in quiet mode . do other enfps make a lot of noises ? i make noises constantly / am very expressive with either noise or my hands / body language . people absolutely love my sound effects & after trying it say they find ... no , i have a friend that runs a non-profit out of costa rica that i visited 2 years ago & my friends actually live playa chiquita :] i got to work with baby sloths , baby black howler monkeys & even ... i was just talking about this today ! if i didn't have other people ( well in my case a lot of dogs ) to care for , yeah , i would ! first place would be puerto viejo / punta uva , costa rica simply because ... '