' haha , shit hit the fan . i knew that my sudden improvement was just a temporary good wind . the producer decided to make a public quota announcement , and it turns out that i'm one of the ones who ... alright , so it's not like i'm starting a penis-measuring contest here , but i totally am xd it all started when some guy on reddit started complaining that his infp shuts down for an hour every ... it's into our 13th week into production , and things are getting less crazy for me . something curious has happened , and that is i seem to be speeding up in my work ! as in , dramatically ! i feel ... i loved disney animations so much as a child , that i dedicated my life to learning how to animate ' disney style ' . well , i never achieved ' disney style ' , and i have since given up . i wouldn't go out ... infj . my best friends right now are enfp , infj and enfj . i'm going to get some coffee , then i'll go home . you can get him through his te . just be direct , and say what's bothering you . i got this advice from the isfp forum , and i didn't believe it , because my husband is super-sensitive . but it actually ... i was a good girl , and always eager to please my parents and do well in school . my parents never gave me any encouragement or affirmation , though , and instead ridiculed my need for praise - which led ... if i had to describe fi in a nutshell , it would be ' people-haters ' . but note that if they love you , they don't consider you ' people ' anymore , but simply , ' you . ' the only reason i'd get close to ... i don't think i've ever met a confirmed esfp . well , except for my mum , who's a scary religious ni-centric esfp . i love my recommendations , though ! yeah i'm totally into mmos and simulation games ! ... ah i find that ne users tend to grate on se users ( particularly aux-se ) because of all the fast-talking and ideas all over the place . before the se user can form a reply , the ne user has already ... yes i have , and it was the church . sometimes i will speak vaguely , because i have an unpopular opinion ! i'll mask my words using analogies and popular jargon - but the point still gets across to the right person . came to perc because i was nuts about mbti , and didn't have anyone in real life to talk about it with ! and the main thing i wanted to talk about was isfps , because i'm married to one . i still ... amen to this ! i feel like now is the perfect time to drop out of life for a while haha i'm with everyone else on this one . also - an excerpt from my own experience . i've been in this situation before . i ... the red spirit oh hey , you are istp now ? cool . haha that about sums up my relationship with isfps , in a nutshell . hello isfps ! it is me again ! i know i posted my last post like a few seconds ago , but actually i wrote that a month ago , and now i am back , with reports , like i said ! so it turns out that that ... hey isfps ! it's been a while since i've posted to this forum , but i am fine , thank you ! i just started up at an animation company in melbourne , and i swear , it is full of isfps ! and i don't think i'm ... i didn't take the test . but i've always associated with the rabbit . my friends chose that animal for me , because of my timid mannerisms . also - watership down . i love it . losing things , misplacings things , things not being where they are suppose to be ! seriously ! i can lose something that i am holding in my hand , and the next moment , it isn't there ! - missing the ... windblownhair hey thanks for the extra perspective ! shit been hitting the fan because of my people-pleasing ways ! i think i'm totally done with fe now ! it's ni all the way for me , woo ! i don't think i have a vivid inner world . however i have a unique way of seeing the outer world , which may seem quite symbolic and visual . intuitives are ' elves ' , for example . sensors are ' dwarves ' ... no it is not spiritual deception , but it should never supersede the word of god . mbti can never help you in spiritual warfare , for example , but the words of god will . , no it is not spiritual deception , but it should never supersede the word of god . mbti can never help you in spiritual warfare , for example , but the words of god will . , no it is not spiritual deception , but it should never supersede the word of god . mbti can never help you in spiritual warfare , for example , but the words of god will . whenever we speak of ' jumping the stack ' for infjs , we always mean ti and se , but can you give examples of ' jumping the stack ' with fe ? i hadn't thought it was possible to ' jump the stack ' with ... i see it a lot in older isfps , and it makes them extremely sexy to me ! because you don't just talk the talk , you walk the walk ! ooooo 00ooo ah ... then this sounds like a boundaries issue . i learnt this a long time ago in church . god isn't against you helping people , but i think when it comes to letting people control you , then the power ... there's been something on my mind lately , and i've been meaning to make a thread out of it , but didn't get around to it . so there's such a thing as ' the grip ' where you let your inferior function ... i love your theories ! ! ! i get along with them all except dom-te . that said , n + t are easier to get along with on average than s + t . but entj are harder to get along with than estj , because the ni knows where to cut ... hmm i'm quite sure i'm an upholder ( ideally ) , or at least an obliger ( less ideally ) ... but i got questioner instead . i disagree with my results . yes , yes , yes ! after university , i got this strange feeling that i was ' surprised ' that life actually went on after the ending . i guess i didn't plan for after that . the whole point of life when i ... an ent ! i was just watching guardians of the galaxy yesterday and i thought wow .. that guy is so infj . i feel there isn't enough plant anthropomorphism out there compared to furries . i think that ... i handle perfectionism by deciding in advance how much time to spend on a project , because going over that time limit isn't worth it . however i always do end up spending more time than planned , but ... this post is really very flattering ! i didn't know that estps might see us that way ! o_o i have to go off now and find my intj super-duo friend . i've been lucid dreaming since i was a kid . it's not something i actively pursue , due to the sometimes disconcerting things you see during lucid dreaming . i do however make the most of it when it ... hmm ... yes . this airbnb hostess i stayed with for two months . she was very spiritual / into yoga / astrology / mystical stuff , and she teaches art history . just off the bat , i thought , nfp . however ... i admit that my observations was based on the movie adaptation and not the book . i have read the books though , a long time ago and remember that they were good . 1 . infj 2 . complicated ! i find that for big things like what to study / who to marry , you're better off pleasing yourself , just for your long term well being . i made the mistake of doing computer ... just the fact that she's voicing her concerns to you , is already ringing some alarm bells . does she really want to go ? if not , speak up . if yes .. then .. well i hope she'll be happy :/ i'm absolutely nuts over mbti . it's been the main theme in my head for the past two years . - but .. people don't like to be stereotyped . so i mainly keep it in my head for my own use . this guy ... i think this test is rigged for true neutral i am a geek . i like all the mainstream fandoms . star trek , harry potter , walking dead , dr who .. and my gaming habits go a little bit beyond casual ( dwarf fortress , anyone ? ) when i first took up ... it is not your fault . infjs really need to hear this . it is not your fault . people have their own inscrutable reasons for doing things , despite our best efforts to make sure things don't go to shit ... i was tied between lawful neutral and true neutral at 28 for both , although i rather feel that lawful neutral is a better match for me . however i strive for lawful good . edit : i think people can ... just out of curiosity ... and according to your own observations ... which types are more prevalent in the acting industry compared to real life ? really ? it's utterly gross . especially with the baron . and totally kitsch . i'd say fi in its ability to conjure up intense ( and negative ) feelings . '