' i'll post this one again : interested but we haven't connected on a deeper than superficial level : i'm listening and smiling a lot . there's hope . interested : i'm watching you a lot - intensely ... life can be very difficult . i've had trouble with friendships all of my adult life . my perception is that most people just don't value friendship the way infjs do . choose carefully those you allow ... you're quite welcome . one thing i do to make tough decisions is to ask myself if i will regret the decision later . how will you feel about it if you do ? or if you don't ? just get some rest and ... sure , i'll tell you what i do . to feed my bank account , i'm the business manager for an engineering company ( water / wastewater ) . i work with a great group of guys ; i love engineers ! previously , i ... wooing a shy woman of amy personality type will necessarily be different than wooing a woman who is not shy . my mate pursued elusive me , with no luck , until he asked for and took advice from my good ... wow , guys . we're all human with instinctual drives , wants and needs . so long as you don't act on it ... it's what you do that matters . thinking that someone is sexually attractive has nothing to do ... snort . interested but we haven't connected on a deeper than superficial level : i'm listening and smiling a lot . there's hope . interested : i'm watching you a lot - intensely . or i'm looking at ... there are many things an infj can do for a living . you'll probably find that you have an occupation that feeds your bank account and other occupations that feed your soul . just try to make the bank ... i scored 10 violet , 10 blue , 9 indigo , 8 crystal . seems to fit quite well . always infj , to varying degrees . but always infj . since i came out of my cave last summer , and just let myself be who i am , my i and n functions have increased . the mbti test result of infj was a life changing revelation for me . hey , i'm not weird ; i'm a lot like about 2 % of the rest of the population ! yes , i go awol rather often . i'm around people all day ... [ quote =P lushwitch ; 1009462 ] i have hypoglycaemia . after trying many different things from simply eating healthy to eating no carbs at all , i have found out for myself that a low-carb and high protein ... lack of sleep would warp anyone's opinion , perhaps even time itself . get some sleep - it'll be better tomorrow . my first introduction to personality tests was when the hsp book grabbed me from the bookshelf at the natural food store . click - the light went on ! i cope by limiting the degree of noise , wearing ... procrastination always costs a lot - generally , money . that's incentive enough for me . i tell myself to get it done and over with , or else it hangs over my head like a cannon ball . and then i make ... love this series ! taking me to see serenity was my ( ex ) husband's birthday gift to me . he scored big brownie points on that one ! i love mal's absolute loyalty to his crew , his willingness to do ... you put this so well . i'm infj with a bit of bashfulness , but i can organize anything . i like to get right down to it and get it done , and actually enjoy doing it . i love telling people what to do ! ! ... now that i live alone , i find that i am more outgoing and willing to interact in social situations . for example , i love to go out and dance . i can interact with strangers - it's very superficial . but ... when you're talking , i'm watching you intently , listening to everything you say , seeing everything you're saying , evaluating everything i see and hear . in other words , whatever you're saying is ... quoted from xxxdesire . or 4 . we are peering inside your mind , summing up every little thing you say to get to the core of your soul , your dreams , your motivations , what made you yourself and why you ... i grew up in s tx and moved to colo as a young adult . and lost my accent . my sisters are twins who as children spoke ' twin-speak ' compounded with an r lisp , which they still have . when i return to ... from what i've been reading in this forum , this seems to be infj behavior - too many people , let's get the business done and over with so i can get out of here . my feelings exactly ! ( infj business ... after reading all these responses , which were very interesting ! ! , it brings to mind a brief moment in the company of a stranger . he asked the usual questions , such as name , where do you live , where ... the cigarette is not a turn-on . vel - very well said . i recently entered the dating scene . divorce was final almost a year ago , so i guess that's long enough . i'm somewhat bashful around people i don't know . i can meet new people and talk to them in a ... been there , done that ... be careful of wishing you would get sick and die . the getting sick part is really bad . and it might not kill you , just leave you as a broken husk of what you once were . what ... onigosh . i'm so sorry . my heart bleeds for you . i'm an infj . i love to pull pranks and jokes on my co-workers . i laugh and smile a lot , though i am serious when necessary . you think she's boring ? ? you just haven't followed the right path ... if she's anything like me , she has a lot of different interests and loves to learn about or hear something new . maybe it's not ... i love the term ambivert . very expressive ! i went through a period when my intuition was blocked . it was after i attended a 10 month training course that caused a lot of change , where i learned a lot . too much input . had to shut down for my ... 11 or 37 % acts of service ( love is an action , not just a spoken word ) 10 or 33 % quality time 6 or 20 % physical touch 2 or 7 % receiving gifts 1 or 3 % words of affirmation ( love is an action , ... ever heard of reiki ? take a class . or shiatsu or jin shin . you'll learn a bit about how to manage energy . i like tats and usually i like piercings . tattos can be very beautiful - another way of appreciating art . piercings - i think that depends on location , quantity and what's stuck through them . again - ... it's a mistake to interpret quiet and reserved with door mat - they get their ankles and toes bitten . yep , see all the way through to their souls with my infj eyes . - the infj will need support and verbal support from their mate . donx 92t we all ? ? i like talking things over with a mate . it helps to have feedback and differing perspective . - criticism is death to ... read the book , the highly sensitive person . changed my life . there is an author's website devoted to this subject . i manage my energy by keeping my interaction with other people to a level i can ... think of it as training : give them the tools and let them be . i raised my teenagers as adults in training . which was a good thing because the youngest is one of those who must make her own mistakes ... i would much rather have a conversation with another intuitive type . verbal words just don't seem to flow well from my mouth , but i do have an entp friend who gets what i say without all the filler ... many years ago when i was laid low by grief and loss , one thing that kept me going is that if i died , i might have to do it all again in my next life . didn't want to do that , so i held on . my life is ... zomboy , eating is good . food is good . nourishment is good . try to see the beauty around you . if it isn't there , make some . there is always something to live for . i don't hear that much anymore . i smile a lot , listen intently , ask a pertinent question , and listen again . if they ask why i am so quiet , i respond that i love watching people and listening to their ... i would dance ! ! ! and sing ! ! ! whenever i want to ! i would use my art materials a lot more often . i would play my musical instruments a lot more often . i would walk in nature and admire all i see . couldn't live without the long silences , the beauty of the trees , wildflowers all summer long , the foxes that live in my neighborhood ( i could live without the skunks ) . bears , birds , etc . having the ... i dont ' do guilt trips . people try , so i say , i don't do guilt trips , then they keep trying ! they think that if they change the words around , i'll fall for it in a different way . idiots . perhaps a different definition of the l word ? i love my friends dearly and none of them possess me . some people behave as though love is synonymous with possession . there are plenty of us who don't ... that was very well said . i think you should wear what you want to wear . to heck with them ! one of the things you can do to be who you really are is to wear whatever expresses the way you feel on that day or that time or for ... '