' an amazing live performance by john mayer ( watched on youtube ) made me smile today . :) as well as some nice people . i love reading and music . my self-expression is mostly through writing , poetry . i probably want to start writing short stories soon . i think it's that we don't know what we're thinking , yes . and that leads to feelings that seemingly pop out of nowhere . and one of the things the isfp spends his whole life doing is trying to makes ... not being able to find the right words is a common problem for me . my vocabulary is average , i enjoy reading , but if i want to communicate anything more than small talk it difficult for me . what ... i have never been much of a thinker ... i don't take my time to analyze things overly , at least as far as i can tell . my analysis of myself in these questions really tired me out , it's usually an ... should we amass what we think are the perfect real life examples of each type ? does anyone else have any ideas ? 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ahh i wasn't aware and thanks for introducing me to that website , i put something i wrote in it and it said i write like james joyce ... lol he's a writer , and probably a genius ... listen to his college commencement speech : this is water . it might change your life . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFt7EzpsZQo i'm thinking infj , ... thanks guys ... i think isfj does sound a bit more like me to me i think this sounds very istp ... sorry about the boring response lol but i'm not skilled enough yet at typing to say anything else , i see the thinking , sensing , intuition , and feeling :P hey , i'm sort of having doubts about me being dominant ti and inferior fe , so this is another questionnaire just to check 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... if so , how did they go ? did you finish them ? you should link them ! playful ribbing , how is this possible for an executive entj ... esfp i think this all sounds pretty thinking , have you looked into like intp and intj ? ? sei - wswiki maybe she could relate more with that one ? i'm not sure why she would but it's the same ethical sensory and introvert only sensory and ethical are switched that ; s the first time i've ever seen sj not put in hufflepuff lol you cant tell me what to do dasfitfijafijsfjoaeuflhejafgsdghdg yeah , i guess girls have estrogen and guys have testosterone , so it's going to create different behaviors regardless of what functions you prefer i can try but it's probably not gonna be accurate at all lol maybe this is fi ? perceiving the ocean is a huge blue expanse of water that goes as far as the eye can see what does this mean lol i just wait for a gap in the conversation , if one never comes i usually wont say anything lol esfp = he loves music , is always the life of any social gathering lol . very witty , and very right-brained . infp = really intelligent , introverted , follows his values closely , enjoys drawing and ... holy crap yeah are non infp's allowed to post here ? i love taking my dog for a walk on a nice evening while i listen to podcasts on my ipod lol matt bellamy is definitely feeler i think if he writes most of the songs and lyrics . they are all very based around values i think . i would think he's an introvert . i think he's p because most ... when you have things to do to better yourself as a person but just end up browsing the internet playing video games and eating junk food ... i think i would like to be sorted into hufflepuff ... it may not be the most popular but jk rowling herself said it should be the house everyone strives to be more like :P please stop flirting with people you're not into enfps it can mess with people xd i checked the istp page ... their sense of adventure and desire for constant action really doesn't sound like me xd but i guess that's just a stereotype lol edit : maybe it does actually ... i'm thinking isfp i see a lot of fi i think maybe this is right actually i think good old luigi is probably an isfj lol or maybe isfp this sounds more like infp than infj i think because of all the introverted feeling this really sounds like infp to me fi = wanting to be yourself , not wanting to be a sheep , also wanting to be accepting of everything . ne = enjoying to think and dream for fun , your idealistic ... i feel like i've changed a lot over the last few months , so i think i'm gonna fill out another questionnaire ! 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i'm not sure , ... look at my type and you'll know i know that there is an extroverted types for each extroverted cognitive function , te is estj and entj , fe is esfj and enfj etc . and i'm sort of interested how each extrovert acts , according to their ... i am an sj lack of creativity makes me really sad i got infp when i first took a test , and the description matched me pretty well , but according to cognitive functions i'm pretty sure i'm an isfj sensors can't be intellectual , or have novel thoughts / ideas jk rowling's new book is awesome , i thought it would be fun to type the characters in it :P here are my guesses : andrew price : istp stuart wall : entp krystal wheedon : estp ah , ok , i think i understand now ... thank hornet :P as such , mbti is science . just like quantum mechanics idk about this statement . astrology attempts to predict things as well .. but it isnt referred to as a science i've been thinking about this lately . does mbti have any sort of scientific proof ? is there definitely such things as cognitive functions like si se etc , and how do we know that types like intp or ... how does this profile fit your personality ? socionics types : sei-isfp socionics flips the p and j for introvert types , so this socionics isfp has the same functions as an isfj it really ... infp , because clouds i guess = dreaming ahh ok , thank you . then isfj i guess . it was main'ly the descriptions of the isfj i ws reading that put me off it , but i find that all the functions match up , so that's what i am :P i'm really not sure . i found that the personality type that fits me best isnt even actually mbti but socionics one called sei , sensory ethical introvert i think . socionics types : sei-isfp that ... thanks , isfp it is then :P for a long time i was denying being an isfp becasue i really am not that talented at art and creativity . the only thing i can remember doing is making a clay elephant in art class that vaguely looked ... '