' straight up despair . doesn't even seem like a big deal at this point . excerpt : there is no knowledge but i know it there's nothing to learn from that vacant voice that sails to me across the line from the ridiculous to the sublime far from me by nick cave https://www.eclecticenergies.com/enneagram/test.php here are my results , nothing new . am i unusualu 200b ? type 6 - 14 type 9 - 11.3 type 7 - 10 type 5 - 10 nick cave 9w8 george r r martin 9w8 woody allen 4w5 i don't think that type makes you hate a celebrity or like one . i think type just amplifies . should i like anne hathaway and steve jobs because i'm an infp ? well , i don't . should i hate eliza ... first of all 6w5 . secondly , the loop could be fi-si . check out the morbidity in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnaeCe3jCx4 he needs to tend to his 5 more . he seems like he's ... xnfp just for fun eh , < iframe width = 560 height = 315 src = https://www.youtube.com/embed/qIUMV6BPmCE frameborder = 0 allowfullscreen > </iframe> https://www.youtube.com/embed/qIUMV6BPmCE maybe an entp can do presentation about why socionics is wrong about us . . . i just got told not to be feeler ! here's what happened : someone talked me into finding a random bar to go to on the internet . . . but more about that later . the guy i was with explains his ... https://youtu.be/DqW_1Q-At64 type is always relevant , but never an excuse . a lot of people , perhaps men in particular believe that all truth comes from anst temperament . i suggest that you keep that in mind . estp : never do that again . looks like i could just go home right now infp : is that bad ? istj : he has a history intp : vogon poetry is described as the third worst poetry ... people are mystified by their subjective difficulties with the function and they create a radically rationalized back-story for it . as a group , online typologists have been scrambling to salvage ... i was listening 2 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkraKVl162c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTBZxxpCVxY whilst on this thread . do you see any sexual connotations around here ? kylo ren , of the order knights of ren may have king oedipus as a patron of equal if not greater psychological importance . while he never disfigures himself he has a life condition that ... if someone told me his name was fn - 2187 , i would be like , i'm not using that , from now on you're ' horny stormtrooper . ' i'm going to suggest sodium chloride , esfp , probability , puppet shows . i don't really think about this much . does anybody have a type for haruhi suzumiya ? miyazaki had a steady stream of infps in both major and minor roles . what do i type in order to access the mobile version of perc on a regular browser ? : hampster : the best way to handle an esfp is to get them mad at someone who doesn't look like you . what can you guys tell me about looping between first and third functions ? is jean luc godard an intj ? no joke , iwas just feeling super-amused by this video about the john and john and annie clark while i was online . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIrhwhhVEaM this sent me on a less than serious ... you know tertiary is always an interesting challenge . when i'm looping , it really brings out my enneagram 6 issues . perhaps . . . duplicitous seductive habitual liar used car salesman actual used car salesman unrealistic dissociatively hypocritical for me it was the first piece from in a silent way , side 2 . i saw some folks playing it live and i had feelings of anger and incredulity coming out of thin air . it's sad to have this kind of ... nobody likes : so many wizards durrutti column blue cheer pack of wild canaries i'd still be interested if you wanted address the issue in an nt context . personality cafe needs to migrate to new software . if only in order to implement an encrypted transfer protocol . other than the generic fact that it's my inferior , there is something about me that makes my inferior function masochisitic . i once heared someone say that if you are an nf and you have an nt process ... the other thing is , as an introvert my inferior function is more apparent to others . i use it all the time . it's kind of hit and miss though . not being afraid of te would be kind of adolescent of me . consciously tactical is more what i was thinking about . are you sure you're not an estp ? just kidding . 371618  3716 10 seriously dude . :d ry : what does the estj inferior eruption look like . manson is such an infp . i was wondering if you guys recognized the infj chameleon phenomenon . more to the point , i was wondering if it can occur with varying degrees of intentionality . i feel like i've seen it deployed ... early in life i sought out friendship with sps and esfjs , with little success . no romance talk today . poor intj i'm finally getting around to reading nonviolent communication by marshall rosenberg . an excellent book , but i kind of feel like you have to kind of already know what the book is talking about to ... i don't have a strong opinion but i'm going with isfp . i was in the general neighborhod of falling in love with an enfp once . funny how it tends to crumble . nice cat i would never call anthing about intj simplistic . people have unalterable preferences for judgement . personally , i have a neurosis that puts my feeling on the defensive . there might be a voice ... i often think that if you are an infp , you just have to choose to follow or rebel and the rest is gravy . anyway , can you expand on this ? it's easy to see , just by looking around that on this website that intjs and infps really do like eachother . they like eachother inspite of a relativey obvious difference in personal values . the ... there is an nfgeeks video that gets into keirsy temperments and revenge . i apologize for not linking it but i tend to get it confused with other videos . the video says a number of interesting ... '