' what is the theory behind the mbti ? a couple of months ago i've been getting deeper into the mbti that including their functions . i haven't been able to type myself . i've been jumping from type to ... too . busy . period . you should focus more on the functions of the type instead of the letters j / p . because that's pure bullshit . don't let it fool you . got it ? listen to the good old sempiturtle . my words answers ; introverted ( i ) 80 % extroverted ( e ) 20 % sensing ( s ) 78 % intuitive ( n ) 22 % feeling ( f ) 96 % thinking ( t ) 4 % perceiving ( p ) 78 % judging ( j ) 22 % your type is : isfp funny . your thought process is really interesting , infj . lmao . so many questions from different subjects . stick to one thing . boring . stop thinking and clean your environment . the entp i know is cheerful . i don't know if you are too but i like it . i don't recall this thread being about iq . having a low iq does not make one stupid . elaborate on that . repeating the same as i said won't change anything . and i believe what i said is true . i wouldn't call people's decisions stupid . that would be the wrong word . i think you should call it rash . people ... wrong . every human being has their own useful qualities . no one is perfect but the fact that one strives to be is anything but stupid . using said word is very subjective as well . no one is ... logical . i like that . full of surprises too . what makes you say that ? answer me . entertaining . noir i suppose your question has got people going . i don't think so either , i've read about it . i think it's because of how the nt's think and how they process information . so no nt's do not have low iq . and i believe that until i see otherwise . this thread is pointless . as someone stated before a personality type cannot define someone's stupidity or anything related to that . this is pathetic . you can see ones personality right in the open . there's no guessing to it . i don't know if you guys already had something like this , but i felt like doing it . go wild . that's mostly why people like their favorite songs anyway . dad estj , mother isfj . stick to one subject . it's annoying . how is that criticism ? desperate for more friends , estp ? you stated putting this up so i got curious . nt here i was ... thinking only leonhart was a pro at making big ass paragraphs ... you're too altruistic . doesn't it get in the way ? we all know how much you want to be me . ( ( lmao , neat ) ) sigh ... whatever i guess it doesn't matter . you don't care anyway ... mean .. you're making me really upset with that , i don't know what to do ! please tell me what to do . and so the intp's mind wanders off the concept of the thread again . nothing new . read my bio on my profile . took a while to actually understand the concept and details about the socionics too . stop being lazy and figure out your type . ( ( basically me . lol . ) ) please tell me what's on your mind . i'll give up everything to help you lol . he ain't the only one . figure out your type i wanna join him . if you ask me , yes . i find it hard to believe that i'm actually wrong as well . i need proof before i believe it . and when they do and have proof and i'm wrong - i get slightly annoyed . i like songs where i can relate to . must've been one hell of a talented rock . = 3 haha . fail . happens quite a lot , aye ? tidy your room . it's a mess . mm .. i don't know honestly . i don't understand the enneagram one bit . yeah . my point exactly . i was wondering what people would think of it . since i've seen threads like type the person by the song they post . seriously ? he wants to become hokage ? i'm missing out . i'm not really far at all . but if that's so , wouldn't he be an intj ? maybe i'm looking at sasuke for the beginning of the series . where he was focused on revenge . a function or a personality type doesn't determine someone's attitude or personality . it tells how their brain works . si also lives up to what happened to them in the past and experience . maybe i'm ... what makes everyone think sasuke is not a sensor ? in more than half of the show he based his actions on what happened in his past . just pointing that out . '