' you're get'n old ! ! ! : tongue : no , seriously . maturity can do this - especially if it's a healthy sort . so , don't say much until i've observed her enough ? : laughing : i tend to find them through my hobbies , especially where i'm one of the youngest in the crowd . even then , though , i still feel lonely because there are certain things i can't connect with them on . ... make sure you are hyper aware of any possible inconsistencies you may show and destroy them . make sure to distance yourself enough from the friends who are of your target gender . also be ready to ... i have a japanese background ; but the family has been mixing for the last hundred years , so i don't look it . this getss me looked at funny when i order plain white rice , actually drink soup , or eat ... it really all depends on the lifestyle a person chooses - it's only foolish if they insist on not taking the following into account : the requirements of that lifestyle the consequences of ... with my interests increasing the probability of being on the other side of this , it's good to know ... it's all about the pretties ! ! ! : shocked : ... and if you believe that , i have some magic beans for sale ! your addiction to this fight will not decrease until either it stops triggering dopamine or you stop showing up ready to go . i don't spend more than an hour per week on the necessary effort and most of it is research . i'm not keen on needing to travel more than 20km ( 12 miles ) for a date . the nearest next city over ... interesting , i've never had this issue with any of the infjs i've dated - they were either at speed or i managed to get them there with little effort . actually , it was when i failed to do this that ... grab life by the balls and squeeze - really hard . like so hard your hand goes numb from loss of blood . nah , 27 is still plenty of time to wake up at - hell i'm doing it at 32 . that said , it's ... i was about 5 or 6 . that said , i was also one of those boys who never bought into the idea behind cooties - always had a weird look for people who did , too . i get a girl either way ; but the girl who looks at me and just hopes has a lower likelihood of getting me at all . ^ _ ^ i'm usually listening to music while i'm my most productive . i also prefer something where i'm switching gears every hour or so , as opposed to every 3 minutes . i do , however , have to change things ... my interests cause me to bump into them a lot and then we kind of spiral around each other's gravity wells before circumstances pull us a part . i know one intp became more interested in hanging out ... clingy ... a qualitative catch-all used to describe an excess of provided and / or requested affection beyond a partner's comfort - possibly also in an undesired form . too bad it is almost never ... i'd say get an actual sense of where his head is at before getting kissy , just to avoid actually complicating things . as for not sharing everything , i'm not sure about everyone else , but i start ... it fell into place while i was learning some old norse and the multiple meanings all resonated : hidden watcher , keeper of secrets , keeper of lore , secret protector . anyway , pm me if you want to chat ... or the king's conscience ... ;) it's an interesting thought - we'll see when it happens . do you have trouble with people having doubts ? i happen to look in to new age things myself ; i just like to keep a healthy dose of ... that would require a high enough concentration of infps that share similar or compatible ideologies ; and that's just to start . after that , it's maintaining power while those whom are ideologically ... i'm gonna + 1 the youth hypothesis . being as sure as i am these days , you'd be experiencing saddle sores if it were me . angelfish , you make me smile . i had to involve a professional to help unravel the mess that i had created from my own attempted introspection . as for the litany , i was thinking of bringing it up ... that would be fucked up scary ! i'd try it . what is your definition of love ? when i've made it past he asphyxia and euphria to where their own problems can induce various levels of sphykma . the desire to let them be and hold them close , and ... i find i'm more aggressive than dominant - though i've spent a decent portion of my teen years as a leader . i'm typically given the reigns of something because i get results and i am trusted with my ... sorry for the wait ; too much craziness earlier in the week . i also advise against fitting just for fitting sake - it's why i stuck with 4w5 for so long before confronting the naysayers ( even ... some of us bite - some more often than others . the problem with any general description of infp is that it's usually picking up the e4 and e9 , which are the most typical forms . being a 6 , i have a ... sounds like a discussion i've had with my great-aunt . not sure i count as much of a role-model yet , though . ^ _ ^ this might suggest that i am more messed up than i'm hoping i am , as i could very easily see myself on the dark side . recalling some of the things i've done as a child , i hope so too ; but ... 435561 this is too good ! : laughing : well , stupid needs to hurt eventually . there are some that don't learn until their legs are broken , unfortunately . i've stabbed people with pencils , thrown chairs across classrooms - symptoms of being everyone's favourite toy . i'm not so bad now ; but i find myself secretly wanting a person to push me too far ... best friend from high school , youngest brother , great-grandmother , old college buddy , a current co-worker - i've had fun and frustrations with all of them , though not in equal amounts . they're ... sounds like the area i live in , but that can describe a number places . i'm actually part of a club for astronomy and have only recently started paring a dslr with my 5 . i'd also ask if you've exploded on him at any point while the drifting a part was happening . approaching a discussion with too much emotion can cause them issues as it shakes their inferior fe , ... * wanders by * * marks * * wanders off * = ^ . ^ = ah , this . i have no problems , so long as they still can understand that an individual is still an individual at the end . sounds like the kind of situation where strategic use of the middle digit ( or both ) should be applied . liking a type , i wouldn't call too much of a problem ; but expecting you to confine yourself to ... + 1 on letting him talk when he does . interruptions can break the train of thought and be rather frustrating - though i know some es see this as selfish . https://www.ted.com/talks/emilie_wapnick_why_some_of_us_don_t_have_one_true_calling?language=en some of us have a calling we can eventually find - some don't . every trick i could find to work it ... i wish i were reading the op at a different time of year . i can see where the colours analogy comes from ; but right now they seem so faded , despite there being clear differences . that is more a ... learn body language , then get yourself out there . most girls will not directly tell you anything you need to know before you ask , so you'll need to learn to ask . maybe check into toastmasters while ... late night chats about shared interests with an entp can make hours seem like minutes - i risked many sleepless nights with one as a room mate . i think i scare away the ladies though . ^ ^ ; ; ; try the gluing salt , but to your hands - that might help you . : tongue : salt ring around the bed works better ... ^ _ ^ this is why i'm settling on a space related subject once i'm back in school - it's the only thing i've been consistent with . does it give you that confused face when you go cold ? ^ _ ^ on topic : yeah , looks like a decent amount of info has been given : stay if you're curious , or run if you're scared . either one will ... ... is a tired infp . i get comments on my organization all the time . if only they knew the truth of the real mess going on ; or the effort and time i put into developing habits that trick the ... '