' and just as well , fe-doms are not completely intellectually retarded ( tic ) . one problem is that most people are afraid of their inferior functions to an extent that they will avoid using it ... i haven't had the experience of pair programming . i really don't like the concept either . i much rather work alone . this would be awesome if the office was in st . louis instead of new zealand . i hate seeing winter end and spring begin . i guess it should figure that the rant about your feelings thread would be the one that pwns ( no , that is not a typo ) all other threads in size in this forum . nah , i just straight up forget your name . america is seriously fucked . the only way to unfuck america is through full-blown revolution . both parties have been fucking us up for decades , and they only care for the millionaires . i feel that ... i like how they like to think on an abstract level like us , but are so different . i like how nfs fight for those who are oppressed / repressed . having been through some difficult situations , i like ... thanks for the info . why is this a trend with the enfjs on this forum ? do you relate to them ? somehow , i don't think sylvia plath would agree . sounds like doublespeak designed to make you feel better about being sad . yes , that does sound weird to this intp . i hate sadness ; i hate being sad . imo , it is akin to enjoying pain . this , for some reason , just made me think of wrist cutting . because this is one of our ways to have fun . us geeks and nerds love holy wars . reddit which distribution and de ? well , i'm here . today , running the world would be easy . just write a good enough computer program to do it . and we adore you back . so , what do we do with the other nts that are planning on taking over the world ? do we share our power with them , do we make them our subordinates , or do we eliminate them ? i see you read the recent articles . i was feeling depressed , and figured out that the problem was facebook . so i deleted that mfer . i've felt better ever since . i'm glad that hollywood thought of us single guys for valentines day . ' a good day to die hard ' to be rated r so bruce willis can yell pithy profanities at russians | inside movies | ew.com 59119 listening to some awesome music . my apologies . didn't mean to creep you out . why would industries push size 0 , anorexic women ? in men's magazines and in pornography , you almost never see these women . they are typically curvy , with the hour-glass figure . one school of ... pics ? so , what's the flip side of this ? if enfjs are infjs with social skills , then infjs are enfjs with ___ ? btw , your usage of apostrophes is incorrect in this context . looks like my kitchen but my countertops are grids of 2x2 burgundy tile . [ / quote ] wow . as an intp , i find it amazing that this is someone's porn . instead of calling nintendo and telling them your idea ( only to be told that they don't accept game ideas ) like i did when i was about 10 , you can now create it yourself . learn how to program , and ... why would you think that ? c # , c / c + + , vb , pascal , html 5 , css 3 , js , java , bash , sql what if instead of revolving around the sun , the earth revolved around a jupiter sized planet revolving the same distance from the sun ? what if the holocene interglacial ended this year ? what if ... intp guy in church walks up to a cute enfj he meets at church . enfj woman : so , what do you feel when he holy spirit talks to you or reaches out to you ? intp man : i'm an atheist , actually . i ... thinking is often a critical portion of humor . ti and te can both be very good at filtering out what makes sense and what doesn't , which will improve the quality of your humor . they also provide ... when speaking of trolling as an art , i would say entps since they are usually several jumps ahead . i would guess that he is an entp ( or maybe even intp ) with a well developed fe . decades of using the ne-fe axis would've given him the ability to hone his fe . - - - intp vs . intj ? me thinks that it is just another geek / nerd holy war . there are many of these holy wars raging within the nerd and geek community . star wars vs . star trek : this holy war has ... gorgeous ! post more please . what.the.mother.fuck ... wow ! if experts actually believe this bullshit , then the world is headed for disaster . there is no consensus for the exact definitions of geek and nerd , nor for how they are similar to or different from each other . as far as i am concerned , they are interchangeable . so , your secondary function is ni . in your own words ( because i am an intp who doesn't quite understand ni ) , how is it different from si ? what makes you different from an esfj ? how is ni different ... i find it interesting that you thought you were an intp , but now identify as an esfj . what types of stress are you dealing with ? i have always thought of myself as an intp ( and before i learned of ... seriously . there is a lot if eye candy on here . i'm glad i don't see any reality tv in here . consume toxic waste , you will become ... http://i.imgur.com/ahlEc.jpg if you want to make it easier , just read generations or the fourth turning . wow , you are hot . hell yeah ! that's good to hear . yeah . i'm glad that i never had to experience that . it's good to see people being educated about racism . i'll bite : i am black , and probably have a significant amount of caucasian and native american blood in me . being a black person , i am stereotyped as being dumb , violent , good at sports , being a ... i'm not an expert on this at all , but here is my brain fart on this question , based upon this wikipedia article and also my it expertise . the primary colors of light are red , green , and blue . the ... '