' any place with craft beers . and sometimes music festivals . so i dunno if you could read it from my self depreciating and nearly cry for help posts lately , but i recently discovered etizolam . a research chemical that's been used in japan to treat anxiety ... i'm often intimidated by wild bears . i've found that just asking how they're doing or if they're okay helps alot . normally they're swamped , or their personal life is in disarray , or they have to stay late past their normal shift , and ... little late to the party , and a little late sending it , but here's what i wrote to hr : the most sacrificial thing i will ever do is defend my loved ones . you hurt someone i love , you are hurting me . you hit someone i love , you are hitting me . i would risk getting my ass handed ... occasionally i need a diaper . i am actually your guardian angel speaking to you through a shitty person . god is channeling through me right now .. i will relay his message : go for it brah . aint no gain wit no risk ... do you do butt stuff ? 714074 dude he likes you . maybe i'm drawing too much from my own experience , but if i'm holding hands with a girl and staring in her eyes , then i'm into her . as far as the on / off flirtations , he may ... not sure if someone mentioned it , but here's my thoughts on this : do i think we live in a matrixy thingy ? maybe , i dunno . do i think it matters ? no . i don't know if i just lack the social acuity to notice it , but i don't feel that i normally offend people with my speech . i like to think that i have the mannerisms to not offend others . oh i'm an addict . currently slaving for alcohol and nicotine . the nicotine has at least been converted to less harmful vape and lozenges . the alcohol is somewhat contained to happy hour , and only ... i was thinking about seeing a shrink for the purpose of meds . i could definitely use a bit more focus and drive at the moment . i possess the hyper focus trait , and i've been able to aim it at a ... do you suck dick well ? she does however have a broad spectrum of emotions that i admire , possibly due to my lack of understanding of my own emotions . she is extremely jealous though . which affects my life in ways i didn't ... i lol'd , hard . currently dating who i believe to be an infj . can confirm that logic isn't her strong suit . there's no such thing as inherent meaning in life . life means nothing . it is phenomenon that can occur under a certain set of conditions in the universe . if there is meaning in life for an entp , i ... it is a rare thing for me to start out as friends and then move into a relationship . every woman i have ever dated or hooked up with has known that i was into them . although one of the hottest ... well , i am working , but it's construction so i'm looking to abandon it . i dunno . i have an out . my ma and sis want me to move to mn with them . more tech jobs over there in minneapolis . i wouldn't ... thanks for the input ; out of curiosity , what kind of time frame do you think i have to work with before i fall off the map ? i want to demonstrate interest , need to find the best way to do this . ... thanks for the input . aggressive vs harmonious . should probably send this message soon , will review options tonight . interdasting ... well if true , then that would settle it . alright , well , you have plenty of data to sift through above . here's a thingy : if you want him to do something , you must explain why it ... thanks for posting ya'll . will scan for patterns . she was nurturing , engaging , taught us to be independent . she spent alot of time trying to raise me and my sis to be our own people . also ... nah , i mean vidya as an incoherent way to say video . unsure , but multiples . they created a new class of job , which is why it is an entry level position . no , first scheduled in-person interviews were to be on the 30-31 st . i'm also told they will ... quoting you cause i like the cut of your jib , because your response involved not throwing in the towel , and cause i want your input . so here's the story : been out of work since january 07 ... i'm curious if the entp is created or born . so i figure , lets talk childhood . i have some basic questions : 1 . ) what was your relationship to your mother at ages 3-8 ? 2 . ) what was your ... guys , i did this video interview that supposedly was well received . it was almost immediately sent to a hiring management team and they sat on it for a week and was split in decision . i then got a ... hallucinogens are for losers and burnouts . so i was tripping on acid at this music festival and took waaay too much . i walked into a tent with pretty lights playing and i totally lost my grip on ... mike 15 , i saw your post about lack of focus and attention , and was going to tell you that we all have that problem and it's characteristic to us . but then i saw you're an isfp , so this probably ... maybe if you say it more it will become true . what a waste of time and resources . oh yeah , i've used huperzine a and modafinil too . my only problem with nootropics is that i always stack them because i never felt the need to sit down and figure out what one did for me on its ... i disagree with some of your statement . i think that math provides logic structure and trains the brain to approach all problems in a logical way . a swimmer who swims every day will gain a ... i used to do this , supplemented with several nootropics . heres some interesting ones : royal jelly : contains 10 - hda ; promotes neurogenesis shrooms : contains psilocybin : promotes neurogenesis ... and here's a cool tidbit that i found myself agreeing with . probably because anthony hopkins is awesome . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S94ETUiMZwQ i believe that death is a dreamless slumber of eternal darkness . when the light of consciousness is extinguished , it is gone forever . for me it's occams razor ; it is the most likely thing to happen ... oh man , i had a great short story about a future bounty hunter / adventurer who wore an eye patch for no reason , spat out terrible one-liners , and chain smoked cigarettes . it's gone though . old ... here's another vast generalization : most people who don't vote choose to do so because neither option will change anything and they know the system is rigged . i am sorry if i offend you when i say this , but this attitude is ruining this nation . you don't have to vote democrat or republican . and just because the democrats or republicans nominated a ... i respect the efficiency of entjs . sometimes you just need someone who will get it done . they will get the job done , and they will do it with extreme efficiency . dude , my first sales experience , if you could call it that , was procuring donations to my university . that sucked . i couldn't get a single donation . i mean , i was basically ' selling ' nothing and ... singing and making random sounds eh ? sounds like a p . what are the groups like ? are they strictly professional ? if they're professional then he's trying to fit the group dynamic ; being ... we spend time with you without being prompted to . sounds like sales oh , i'm gonna assert myself all over their faces . thanks for the support . dudes and dudettes , i just aced a hirevue interview ; i did it at at 4 pm last night and got emails this morning moving me on to the next step . there's alot of people interviewing for this ... and you know what ? i'm happy donald trump got elected . it showed the world how fucked the us actually is . but more importantly , it showed the dems / reps can be circumvented . he stole that election ... '