' brohoof ! i love mlp . no favorite pony , they're all great . :) hello everyone :) i consistently test as a very slight i and j , and a very strong n and f . last year i thought i was enfp , but then i met a couple of actual enfps and realized what i really am ( a ... lil ugly mane , huh ? how'd you come up with that ? it's interesting :-P high five from a fellow n00b ! thanks ! love your username :-P thank you too , mr . cafebot ! haha hello world :-) let's see ... 24 , female , from the usa . long-time lurker of perc and lots of other online forums ! people here seem much friendlier than in many other places i've visited , so i ... hi everyone :) nice to meet you ! personal ~ * name - haha , anything is fine :) * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any ... enfp , picked l without looking at anyone else's stuff . :) i was also pleasantly surprised to see this on the homepage . nice :) i am also quite against sopa , have signed a bunch of petitions , and am spreading the word . if i didn't have bronchitis i would go ... trains of thought are too fast for the borg cube ... they move faster than the speed of light because my trains of thought are impossible . i think you did enjoy this thread for reason because ... ooh ! one more vote and we're tied with the infjs ! :P ntjs are the sexiest though . no matter what the numbers say . hi ! ! :D i like rainbows too ! do you like waterslides ? we could make a waterslide out of rainbows because rainbows are kind of watery except then it wouldn't really be a waterslide but that's ok ... o hai lol i forgot about this thread :P ok , i was seriously actually laughing out loud the entire time i was reading that ^ ___ ~ now i'm thinking about teddy bears ... oh , hey , this : http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/63696-what-most-attractive-hair-color-you.html lol http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/56099-most-attractive-hair-color.html ... yeah , black hair should be included . also , i know a 23 - year-old albino guy with white hair , and he's gorgeous . also , unusual / dyed hair colors . ( all the guys should vote for redheads though ! ... that's ne for ya . i'm the same way . ne isn't always going - we build off connecting external things . when people get depressed they tend to hide inside themselves ( i actually have depression , the ... i have ocd and used to mistype myself as an infj when it was at its worst , because ocd drove me to feel isolated and organized . the descriptions never felt right , though . : laughing : lol <3 weedles ! evolve into kakuna and beedrill . hey , i wonder what's new in the world of power tools . power tools are fun ! last week i made a pretty artwork-thing out of solder . it's funny that it's ... i agree with clicheguevara . similarminds ' cognitive function test is pretty good as well . also , these might help : you know you're a judger when ... you know you're an introvert when ... the train tracks of thought have no end and no beginning ; they are an infinite fork / exec , constantly adding and continuing more and more processes and pushing up against the limits of the universe , ... : tongue : not if i get to it first ! mildly impulsive chocolate-addicted enfp here ... once in a while this will happen to me . i was wondering if other people did this too , actually ... it ... i love working with sensors and tj types ( no preference as to i / e though ) . my sister is very s and j while i am very n and p , and i've often said that if i ever start a company , she'll be my ... scenario : i have 3 pending friend requests . i go to the page called friends and contacts , and click all the checkboxes and hit save changes ... and then i get the circling dots of doom . i've left ... i should stop wearing clothes around the house so i don't have to do laundry as often . also , i'm hungry . :P * subscribing to this thread * * watching to see if anyone puts down enfp * so overly sensitive , overly emotional , superficial / fake , mentally unhealthy ... these could be said of any sufficiently ... thanks everyone for the replies :) i have a friend who's a practicing psychologist ! i'll ask her what to do . i do tend to beat myself up a lot - the whole you're dumb thing , except ... enfp physicist here . i do high-level pure math for fun . i'm way better at it than my intj and entp philosopher friends . :P the intp profiles out there on the interwebs certainly paint pictures of ... i'd been searching for an online ' home ' as well and came upon this place . i like it so far . welcome to perc ! nice quote . :) i'm an extrovert , but i consistently test close to the i / e border . i've lived both alone and with people , and i prefer to live in some sort of housing complex with people but have ... haha :) thank you . thanks ! ! :) hey ! another enfp ! :) welcome to the forums . i'm new here too , and i love it . it can be distracting , but you'll learn cool stuff ! sweet ! i do classical stuff too ! i used to be in choir ( before school ate my life ) and sang a ton of mozart . agreed ! my mother is ixfj . i think fe is at least as deep as fi . my mom's way of showing love is selfless - she shows me love by paying attention to my specific needs and wants , and giving me her ... where is the chart hiding ? i can't see the image ... ( is it just me ? ) ah , broken link , and the edit function is still not working ... * ? ? my signature has the results of this test . i ate them ! om nom nom nom ? ? my signature has the results of this test . i've done other cognitive process tests and came out with similar results ... but i definitely don't believe my own ... i love singing ! i'm a soprano , but i don't have a great voice so i sing when in the shower , home alone , or in the car alone . swordsman of mana how about you ? thank you all for the replies :) it's true , i have a lot of thinker friends - they love me , but they see my expressiveness as a weakness when it passes a certain threshold . my feeler-y ... oh yeah ! i forgot about this one ! debating is an excellent way to exercise that te muscle . you have to essentially construct a reasonable argument on your feet using the facts in front of you . thanks ... thanks ! ! :D yup , i discovered i'm really enfp . while i do enjoy alone time and introspection , i relax by socializing and generally prefer parties to being alone . i hope they fix the edit ... oh man . this thread rocks . from the wikipedia article on entjs , te organizes and schedules ideas and the environment to ensure the efficient , productive pursuit of objectives . te seeks logical ... this is such a tough question : - s i'm young ( 21 ) and in college , and have had minimal work experience so far . i want to make people's lives better somehow . right now i'm studying electrical ... hey guys ! have you ever heard of ... procatinator ? :: procatinator :: yeah , seems best to stay out of the flame wars , and not feed the trolls because then they might starve ... also , this is a bit old , but yes ! i'm quite new here and everyone is so nice ... thank you ! ! :D i have since realized i'm really an extrovert who doesn't mind being on her own on occasion :) given the choice , i prefer to socialize . you know , that strikes a chord ... part of my stress that causes me to be overdramatic is that i feel i haven't been true enough to myself lately . but , sometimes i can't be true to myself . i have to ... though i should mention i was considering being a fine arts major and concentrating in painting , but i actually love science and math more . electrical engineering and physics double major , math minor . i also like programming . yes , i am actually an enfp :P 21 . * blushes * thank you :) i just wish i knew * how * to grow and evolve , from the inside out . i can change how i behave , but that will not fix the root cause , and will probably create ... it was slightly hard to decide , but i picked intj ! it was between them and the entjs . nfjs and stjs are also strangely sexy . oh , judgers , why are you so irresistible ... * sigh * '