stop loafing around , dan ! : laughing : probably working mad hours . and dying . : laughing : here's a tune for you guys . the band is quite cool . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4ifSSg1HAo ok , this is the very first and roughest version of spreadsheet to gather information from uk resident xnfps for the meeting . there's bound to be issues with it , but for now it'll do . please feel free ... if anyone needs i could be the bossy xnfp who plans everything and makes thing make sense . : wink : how about leicester then ? i know a nice place called ' cosy club ' where we could hang out . it's a very eclectic , random , quirky and warm place . there's one in manchester , leicester , birmingham , ... hello , a supposedly-infp here from west midlands ! would gladly participate if it wasn't on december or somewhere lightyears away from where i live . birmingham sounds very convenient because it's ... first book of the ' horus heresy ' - ' horus rising ' . gotta admit i wasn't much of a fan of this genre before , but it's growing on me and i like garvi a lot . he's an astartes with such a touch of human ... just revising and gotta say : go for enfj for god's sake . i've met one ( probable 3w2 or 5w6 , i'm a e6 ) about a month ago and he is blowing my mind so far with his confidence , flirt and overall ... dear enfj i like , i can't tell if you're messing about or you're serious about liking me . fact that we don't have time to meet up isn't helping either , tho your ocassional snap or message does ... dear enfj , why the hell i can't stop thinking about you and your smile when i have a spare minute ? i am going to make sure you feel wanted and cared for , even if we are just going to be friends ... you guys are hard to figure out . i've met one at work and we kind of clicked easily , given we had some mutual interests and he's easily approachable . his body language is very open and he always ... it's clear i'd fall unto enfp and a bit under infj ( sigh , i know , fe and fi differences ) . hello all , a silly xnfp girl is trying to get enfj guy's romantic attention . is there any way i could ask out enfj in a remarkable / interesting way ? a bit of the side info : there's an enfj guy at ... i think it was a severe misreading . during stress i pick up and exagerrate details to some extent . thanks :) thing is , i asked some girls if he seems flirty with them and they told me he doesn't seem to be a person to be flirting with everyone . so i don't know how to take it , but thanks . gonna tell him if ... how do i know that entj is flirting with me or just being friendly ? today i've noticed my entj coworker has been zooming around me sometimes and trying to stand by me , or sits by me , stares at me ... i'm seriously gonna have beef with entj coworker being up in my grill today . or i might be just reading too much into the body language and misreading actually ... 387786 op , you can rest assured i'm one of the worst flirts ever . seriously . i'm the worst at that and the effort will make every living soul cringe internally . i'd like to have a bigger blanket and more nice and huge sweaters . weather's getting cold and i need a hot water bottle in my bed to warm up before sleeping . dear infjs in this thread , never give up , love yourself and make sure to take care of yourself . i love you all and would like you to know that there's always at least a single person to listen to ... isfj ? having an identity crisis is a f * ck suck ! i'm an infp who likes to care for others and doesn't stick with her values 100 % of the time ... http://cdn.meme.am/instances/400x/57781246.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur17pfjIRVo i'm hooked onto this . usually khaleesi is either infj or infp first choice of avatar , just an observation . i'd say infp . i'm secretly jealous of all those extroverts having fun with masses of people ... but just a bit : happy : intj . now that is just ... lethal ! both for my heart because of the hard laughing and for him ... ! brilliant ! : laughing : for some reason usually i cannot sound serious after the junk he does to me , but i'll do my best . thank you ! :p roud : i am not naturally agressive and i think being like that would lead to a bit harsher battles . i've talked with her and she vocally disapproves of his behaviour . he just seems to proceed and keep ... i actively fight him back as well as vocalise my frustration with his behaviour and that doesn't help . next ! what do you think about ? i think men and women can be friends . we are not such animals that relationship / sex should be the only option between a man amd a woman . i find both sexes equally exciting ... hey guys ! what a nice bunch you are , so i thought you might help me find a solution . it's gonna be a bit of a whine , but please , be understanding . i've moved to another country and been ... seen several . quite confused people , tho i get they mean nothing evil or silly by that . at first i thought you meant that ' not so smooth ' as in foot-in-mouth syndrome some of the entps have . it is ... i'm not an infj , but enneagram 6w5 . i get the second hand embarrassment too . it's hard sometimes to stay in social situations because of this . one of the most hardest feelings of embarrassment ... getting rekt on mh with a mate and it's fuuun . hunting pretty black ice ponies ^ ___ ^ midly pissed off because i woke up to my housemates blasting youtube poop and taylow swift on max vol at 9am . well , at least i'm out of bed before 2pm lol . gunther get back . don't touch that * slow clap * you're boring , get out of my face ! omg you're ugly as well . no , i do not feel attracted to that totally rad infj guy . i'm not gonna ask him out ! omg i'm gonna flirt with that dude until he ... https://soundcloud.com/sexmusic/dont-move-phantogram i love this music . phantogram is an amazing band . it makes me feel like i'm full of love . sorry , i'd rather have enfjs invade here . i need some of that dom fe . excuse me while i pick up my anchor spear and shoot off to hunt an enfj ! this is the most adorable thing ever ! but sadly i'm usually the one doing this . being around people i like makes me unsettled and all scatter brained , as well as my legs get weak and i have a ... probably you mean infps stuck in fi-si , which is quite similar to what we call ptsd in a way . i've noticed a pattern of infps usually experiencing something quite traumatising in young age and that ... ' you talk a lot of shit ' ' wow , you can actually think smart sometimes ' ' i like your ( insert a random clothing piece ) . it's so cute ! ' ' did you make this yourself ? ' ' my god , you're so fun . wanna ... http://orig05.deviantart.net/0374/f/2013/088/2/c/hilarious_face_switch_of_mori_and_honey_senpai_by_kotome_chan-d5zr4h8.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19CMfFJuaO4 yo guys . has anyone watched sengoku basara ? any ideas what types the characters are ? i'd go outside , flap my hands like a bird and make a ' raaa ' noise . the skies would answer to me . joking . i'd start over with analysing my own inner frameworks and how ...