' i'm here to report that contrary to all me expectations , squeeze balls seem to be helping . i'll report back in a few days ! hmmm . . . very encouraging advice , i must say . i didn't even once think on these lines . nice ! xd and let it make me bitter and eventually . . . insane ? jokes apart , i think you have a good point there . i can let is fuel itself and become my drive rather than my loathing . not much , i concede . but it tends to feed on itself and build up over time . : | daily ? to myself or to them ? xd yeah , i know . so do i , but how can i avoid interacting with the people in my office ? :( ask me ! you bet it does ! but like a true intp , i'm willing to try it and see what happens . i know the cure is to clam myself down , and sometimes when i really make the effort ( by trying to ... now that's a good idea ! thanks . i agree about the high blood-pressure bit . :( but i don't care much about promotion , either . maybe i can be happy with the fact i'll gradually become amazing at my work while they'll be ... i'm put off by ( most of the ) people around me . they neither take their work seriously , nor do they make an attempt to improve . it's especially the case when i come across people who share my skill ... so true ! very , very well said . that's precisely what i love about programming . want something to be made ? then tell me exactly how it will work , down to the last detail . and if it doesn't ... well said ! perhaps you are right on target . what i find more smothering is not the work itself , but the environment around me . it's very hard to spend eight hours every day in the knowledge ... precisely what breaks my heart . i'm tired of putting so many concentrated hours into one thing that i really want to master and live by - - only to throw it into the dustbin the next morning ( of ... comfortable job , i imagine ? not much use for ne , though , as i see it . like it ? hate it ? ah , finally someone agrees with me ! feels like a soothing balm on my wounded soul ! :) well , well . you might have just uttered the most profound words . makes me think , for sure . i always ... please answer if you are an intp and professional programmer for quite a while ( let's say , 5 + years ? ) . i'm an editor by profession , but of course , retain a high degree of interest in computer ... or even intj and intp . such as ? and why not ? i'm about to buy the ebook and your perspective will be helpful . how interesting . in that case , may i ask how this relates to my question ? ah , and which of a kitten and a rabbit is abstract and the other applied ? i actually can't quite believe you consider pure math to be easier ! but i think the real issue is doing the hard work , which we intps hate ? thinking about something and pursuing ideas in your head is ... thanks for answering ! i'm actually looking for , i guess , personal takes only , perhaps to convince myself that abstract studies are really my thing and that i should not be so paranoid . so it helps a ... i have heard many intps say , and felt so myself , that they much prefer the immediately practical to the abstract . for instance , many argue that pure mathematics becomes a pain in the butt , but they ... so , then , please tell me : what is it ? how did it come about ? :) :) so let me put it to you this way : are you fed up of this scattered mental process yet ? wouldn't you agree we could really do with some sense of stability in life ? i mean , it sounds good in ... makes me want to cry . :( :( :( i too wasted so much time it's not funny anymore . everyone around me thinks i'm a joke , and i probably am . :( finally someone on my side ! :P :P yes , that's why i tagged the threat as intp and addressed the question to the intp . but never mind , as long as lots of intps responded . :) how old are you ? does it never bother you that you'll never make up your mind ? i think that's a very good answer ! maybe someday i'll too quit struggling accept that it's okay to keep floating like a leaf in the wind . the reason i'm making such a big fuss over life's purpose ... :P i so envy you ! :D hmmm . . . see , it never used to bother me so much , but now i'm 29 and i have a string of unfinished endeavours . and the things i'm fundamentally interested in , i don't chase them hard enough ! makes ... some specific examples would really help here ! how old are you ? what do you do for a living ? what do you do in your spare time , etc . , etc . :) great thought ! how's it been going ? along with managing the everyday life , i mean . and none meant , honestly ! i'm not that knowledgeable about types , so thought it best to restrict it to my type . :P :P you are most welcome , though . :) :) :) i take it that's your goal ? and you aim to accomplish that while being lazy ? :P precisely why i like math , too ! i miss my younger days when i used to have loads of time on my hands and used to chase butterflies , philosophical or otherwise . now the office + travel just kills me . x . x that made me rofl ! ! :D :D same here . the somehow is killing me . :D i'm working as an editor / content writer right now , and would love to drift to being a programmer and / or mathematician . but when i sit down to do the actual work . . . boy do i cringe ( it seems boring ... hmmm . . . so what do you do for a living ? how do you spend your time ? care to give me some examples ? :) what have you studied of late ? and what do you wish to study ? what do you do for a living ? aren't you incredibly bored with it ? so if i worry about one , perhaps i've got my type wrong ? thanks ! i just changed the color of the hidden sentence , though . :P and oh , great profile pic you have ! :D interesting . . . mind telling me what you do for a living and how you spend your spare time ? sorry , intps only . :P a goal is , be definition , something that you badly want , so i don't it'd hamper you in any way . i too love my flexibility , but sometimes i'm wondering what use is all this flexibility ? ten years from ... good thought . are you working right now ? if yes , how do you manage to stick to what you do ? '