' the poe shadow ( i expect to finish this one tonight ) the man who loved books too much the metaphysical club i was always taking things apart to see how they worked . sometimes i'd be able to put them back together , but often not . i would also try to build things from the parts of the toys / appliances / etc ... i only need three words : - books - booze - black t-shirts well , i guess that's four technically ... don't hug me even if we are related - close friends or women i'm interested in are acceptable . i've had to warn two people i work with about the dangers of coming up behind me and touching me . it ... oh , don't get me started on either one of those . i do tend to open / hold doors for women out of ingrained southern habit . i don't expect them to be impressed and i certainly don't think they owe me ... what social rituals do the rest of you introverts hate ? i hate the so , what did you do this weekend ? line of questioning that comes every monday morning . i don't care what you did this weekend , ... i'm a clinical researcher , which is great because it's a mix of hard science and humanistic interpretation . i also teach a couple of anthropology classes at a local community college . i enjoy ... i find the same thing quite often . in most cases , i will remind people not to confuse education with intelligence . i may know quite a bit about social theory or some obscure historical fact , but i ... i'm an intp . your aspie score : 134 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 93 of 200 you are very likely an aspie i love it ! the problem i have with these new atheists is that they attack the possibility of something beyond this mortal coil with the same blind conviction that religious fundamentalists display ... i seem to be a fairly stereotypical intp and i have 12 tattoos at the moment . nothing in a theme or anything - they're all pretty scattered and random . i had my left nipple pierced once upon a ... even though he's been mentioned a couple of times already , diogenes is the first that pops to mind . followed by newton . of course , socrates was probably a little insane , too . actually , i think all ... i'm currently dating an infp girl , and we get along very well . she's in favor of spending quite a few nights at home watching movies , playing games , or just chatting . it's really wonderful . ... in undergrad , my major was anthropology and my minor was history . in grad school , i majored in applied anthropology with a specialization in medical anthropology . i don't either . yes , sometimes i will get to a point where i'm reading too much into a situation , but if i keep thinking it through , i'll see that those thoughts were erroneous . and on a side note , ... good point , but that show is the only fusion of space travel / dungeon adventuring i can think of . i like going to the occasional small venue show , but i don't go to many proper concerts . if i really like the band , i'll go , though . once upon a time , i went to quite a few . pearl jam , depeche ... i'll take the dungeon . space just has too many x-factors for me ( resources , atmosphere , radiation , aliens of a non-sexy variety , etc . ) besides , i've always wanted to have an indiana jones / d & d sort ... it really depends on what i'm thinking about . usually it'll either be musical scores from movies , games or tv shows , or it'll be some old school jazz , like miles davis or john coltrane .  ... i dated an esfp like that once . it didn't last . art is all about perspective . that includes music , literature , and other non-visual arts as well . as such , it can force the viewer / reader / listener to think about things in a way that he / she might ... my pet peeve of late on forums such as this one has been people arguing over the mbti type of a fictional character . i mean , what's the point ? they're fictional . you can't expect consistency in a ... ah , yes . that is a good one . in fact , probably my favorite . i like to be excited about something . not anticipation , but that high you get right after something good has happened ( see above ) . ... people coming up from behind and touching me . or people touching me in general ( with a few notable exceptions ) . and people who just don't even bother to see if their argument is logical before ... this sounds like you're dating me ! i've been dating an infp girl for about two months now . we have not made the sex yet , but we are in an exclusive relationship . the sex thing doesn't bother me at ... i scored a 20 , which is funny because i thought i was pretty empathic for an nt . most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 . ha ! this is what kurt vonnegut called a granfalloon , which is defined as a group of people who imagine they have a connection that does not really exist . an example is hoosiers ; hoosiers are people ... that is any political discussion with my mother . i just bought her a copy of logic for dummies in the hopes that she'll stop embarrassing herself . and me . the funny thing about that rivalry to me is that it really seems like only the a & m people care . most ut alumns that i know couldn't care less . no , i'm not sure . this is all highly theoretical . perhaps it's time to move on to the human trials phase of testing tonight . oh , but if they only knew what was going through my head as i'm ... the pi punch - three punches followed by a light slap . rock me now by metric the town where she was born , like town where i was born was built by white settlers seeking gold and other treasures . like me she feels uncomfortable in the clothing of her ... oh , you make me laugh , dear lady ! oh , no . i'm always trying to keep drama out of my life , but it has become something of a sport . i like to see how close i can get and remain unaffected by it . not caring very much helps . you and i have a lot in common socially ! good point ! i am usually the calm center to the hurricane of drama that several of my friends become swept up in . oh , she was quite knackered by this point in the night , but it doesn't just happen at the bar . it happens at work quite a bit , too . yeah , i have to admit that i sometimes ask , are you okay ? , so i'm sometimes opening myself up for this . but that's usually only with people that i know fairly well . last night , i didn't ask that ... for some odd reason , people love to tell me their sad tales . and i don't know why . i don't think i put out a come cry on my shoulder vibe , but it's apparently there . i hardly offer advice in ... hahahaha ! last night's facebook status was , does anyone know how to block status updates containing the words game , baseball , rangers , or another other sports-related jargon ? for some ... oh , i'll be quoting that video the next time someone tries to take credit for anything their favorite team does . thanks so much for that ! when i was in the navy , a common monday exchange ... mainly watching sports . i don't really care to play , either , but i am very active physically . i will play some basketball ( poorly ) or some baseball / softball from time to time . but sitting on my ... what they said . however , as i was in preparation to commit seppuku , i found this site . there are two tests and they are much more clearly worded . i scored 80 % on test 1 and 100 % on test two . all that actually makes perfect sense to me . thanks ! okay , so here's my question to you : is it that you derive a feeling of comradery from watching with other people ? are you just as likely to have the same emotional response when watching alone ? i ... i don't have a brother , but i have a lot of friends that are the same way . which is why i'm so glad you can now unsubscribe from people's facebook updates these days . it is annoying and i agree ... i agree that we have way too many sports over here . but i don't understand soccer , either . i used to watch a little baseball every now and again because i played it for six years in school , but the ... i don't understand the appeal of sports . i live in dallas and if people aren't going nuts over the cowboys , it's either the mavericks , or lately , the rangers . now that the rangers are going to the ... to me , a person's stupidity has little to do with innate intelligence ( or lack thereof ) , and more to do with how willfully ignorant they are . i have little patience for people that are proud to not ... i do this to my mother a lot . she's one of those that just parrots back what she hears on the news and refuses to think for herself . even when i know nothing of what she's talking about , it's easy ... '