' so 36 sp 39 sx 24 hmm ... thought i was so / sp ... but maybe i'm actually sp first . i used to have facebook , but i deleted it because it was a waste of time . i always felt like people were so desperate for attention on there ; it was sad . i have a twitter that i opened a few years ... wow , thank you for that video , tangled kite . that really hit home and i enjoyed the speaker's enthusiasm immensely . jacka , i'm amazed that you found my thread , as it's so old ! i figure i ... hmm ... i am 4w5 so / sp and i can relate to the healer and / or dreamer the most . i'm definitely not the aloof-type infp . i am always trying to find common ground with others and trying to be nice , ... i'm not sure if it's just the lighting , but you look like you might have some warmth in your eyes and facial hair . my first thought was deep or warm autumn . i agree with you on her not being an infp ( see up thread ) . i just like to see people back up their arguments . : happy : please elaborate ! : happy : thanks for your input and for posting that long interview ! i also think she could be a 4 in the enneagram . haha , yes--i've recently discovered i'm a 4w5 . i would love to hear about the case studies after you re-read them , if you have time to post ! what does this author say about people who don't identify with either parent ? i absolutely love fashion . i've subscribed to vogue for years . it's like a fantasy world . i like to make big poster-board collages of styles and objects from that mag that speak to me . i love ... as this is one of my favorite shows ever , i am really excited that we might get to claim daria as an infp . i never thought of her as one until i read this thread , but now i am definitely seeing it ! i think enfj too . she seems to have strong fe and also does lots of charity work , adopts rescue dogs , etc . not saying nfs are the only ones who do charity work ! she seems really passionate . i was thinking enfp or entp too . it seems like she really enjoys connecting with people in the interview portions of her show ( which make up a lot of it ! ) , so i was thinking more enfp . i have such a crush on ginsberg ! i can see both him and megan as enfps . i know two infjs really well , a male and a female . the girl is in her late twenties and is a virgin , has never done drugs , and has never had a boyfriend . i'd describe her as innocent , naive , ... one of my really close friends is an infj female in her late twenties . she's never been in a relationship because she's extraordinarily picky . i almost feel like she's missing out on growing as a ... very well said , tanstaafl 28 ! i love doing this . it really helps clear my head to be outside walking . i either walk around my neighborhood or go to the local metro park , and i usually walk about three miles . in fact , i'm going to ... i voted for elizabeth & darcy . i absolutely loved the book , bbc mini-series and keira knightley movie ! are you more of a morning person , or do you like to stay up late ? please let me know in this quick poll ! : happy : i'm curious what all of your opinions are regarding this question . for example , can an infp successfully be a firefighter ? can an istj be a dancer ? do you think any personality type has the same ... i don't know , i feel like she's more breadth than depth and she's more of a doer than an infp would be , with all her different projects . i always think about all the different projects i could be ... she strikes me as isfj here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ST3VDTqw98w calm , sweet , not trying to ruffle any feathers and not going too deep in her thoughts , either . i would say a dominant ... i just read this article about zooey . i think it pretty much proves she's an nf . it talks about how she's hugely passionate about protecting young girls from negativity through her site hello ... i've been a huge fan of hers since her first album came out in 1990 . : happy : i'm going to say isfp or ixfp . you can see how she tries to make a personal connection with contestants on american idol ... yeah vampie , i agree the eleablake pinterest is a great place to see the season palettes . spring colors are more clear , and autumn colors are more rich . do you look better in olive green or a more fresh grass green ? thank you all so much for responding ( especially my fellow musicians / singers ! ) . it means the world to me that you took time out of your day to help me . also , it's amazing how infps have a gift for ... thank you for your perspective , littlehawk . i do think it's a little of both--lack of confidence and not wanting to be the center of attention ( introversion ) . in order to get my confidence up , ... my closest friends ( i've made them all take the test ! ) are enfj , enfj , infj , infp , and esfp the fact that i don't like to be loud and in front of people . it is really hard to motivate myself to do it . do ... what ? so i studied voice performance in college and graduated about 4 years ago , but now i sort of despise singing . i used to be okay with it because i would be doing it every day and was used to it , but ... that is so interesting ! do you have one for 11 ? that's my favorite number . : happy : lol , it looks like we have a couple similar - - a , c , i - - but not many ! thank you for the list ; i've always been curious how someone else with synesthesia would see the alphabet ! i'm like ... my old roommate had this ! i think it is a form of synesthesia . i have it . i see numbers , letters , and music notes and keys as colors . some letters are the same color . like , s and o are both white , c and l are both yellow . so for the word colors , c is yellow , o ... fun thread ! makes me want to go on vacation right now . : happy : things i've done on vacations that i've loved : - art museums . i love staring at art for hours , hehe . too bad the rest of my family ... aaannnddd if you're wondering how an xstj shops for clothes , you have to read this blog post : http://www.extrapetite.com/2013/01/crimson-corduroy-crested-oxford-2013.html#more i cannot imagine ... i think you're pretty much spot on . and thank you for actually including well thought out arguments for each character's type instead of just listing off letters . i picked 4 , 8 and 9 movies the sound of music little women dirty dancing wet hot american summer that thing you do ! tv shows the wonder years daria oh boy ... i also once left my keys in my apartment door ... while i was sleeping . when i discovered them there the next morning i couldn't believe it and scolded myself for the next week ( i'm really ... attachment-related anxiety score is 2.50 attachment-related avoidance score is 2.60 you fall into the secure quadrant you could start an organic farm or csa , which would allow you to live in the countryside and be in nature and help people by providing them with food . this is something i've personally been dreaming ... i forgot to add that i absolutely love the creativity part of it . the lack of routine , the opportunity to always get to use new ideas that pop into your head to help people ( fi and ne ! ) is perfect ... your scores are vata : 6 pitta : 3 kapha : 1 based on your results , you are a vata : vata characteristics mind : creative , quick , imaginative body : thin , light frame skin :D ry hair :D ry ... i teach music lessons one-on-one to kids ages 5-12 and a couple adults . it's fun during the lessons and rewarding as others have said , but every time i have to teach i am stressed out all day until i ... i've never been super-competitive , but i realized that everything i ever won growing up was very infp ! won drawing contest in kindergarten my design for a girl scout patch was used for our ... '