' this is very recent , it's from my graduation dinner / party . me and my half-sister 42133 and 42134 what traits do you think a isfp would have as a sim in sims 3 ? i'm trying to figure out which traits to use , so i've been looking around for a thread on people's opinions on the mbtis and what sim ... i can relate :) 34014 oh um , thankyou . i just meant i look a little bit different than i did last time i posted pictures in this thread . i recently did my eyebrows so they look a little bit different is what i mean . but , ... 31081 31082 i look um ... a bit different xd . ^ this :) . i wear pjs as my comfort clothes . i'm wearing them right now . 29844 when you're working and you can't listen to music you find powerful or that you love because you'll start jamming out . oh , and when you're going off on a tangent to do things when you're supposed ... a biscuit and apple pie gum . glided i never was much of a color user when drawing . i'm using color more now though in studio art and i like it . one of my friends likes terraria , he says its like a cartoon minecraft . awe , you guys are cute :) i'm currently playing skyrim . iv'e only just started playing it , but it's turning out to be quite amazing . kayness ah . the one of fizz reminds me of my aunt , but she's an enfp . glided ( so you can see my above post ^ . i accidentally spelled your name wrong and it wouldn't let me change it . sure , why not :) ? i may not be on all the time , but i'll get back to you when i'm on :) . ( i hope you don't mind me posting in your infp thread ) if there was an isfp shirt i would wear one :) - when taking a bath pretend a washcloth was a fish , and then later turned it into a stingray because it looked more realistic . no , but i used to bring my barbies in the tub with me , and make them ... kayness and i thought the guy on the hang-glider was stephen xd . who is the person in the purple and yellow suit ? bob_toeback i know what you mean . games are ridiculously expensive . iv'e been playing babyz . it's a sim care game where you play with cartoon babyz . if you like sim games you might like it . if you ... bob_toeback are you wishing for any videogames for christmas :D ? or if you don't celebrate christmas , the holiday that you do ? glided i guess it was the enegram 2 that i recall having in common with her , because i remember having one personality aspect being similar , from looking at articles , but i couldn't remember which . gilded do you draw more in black and white ? the style reminds me of myself because i usually didn't like to color my drawings , unless theyr'e on the computer :) . kayness i love the second one :D ... so , i recently found a folder of some of my old things and i found a very old drawing . 28444 new : ( kiwee , the clover pig , if youv'e ever played mabinogi : 3 ) 28446 i wanted to know if ... soma nah , i'm sure your'e awsome too , give yourself some credit :D is madonna an isfp : o ? soma that's cool : o 28391 i look kinda like a guy in this xd http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLMwoe5plDg&feature=related bob_toeback lmao . i remember when my dad first started playing it and he had a kid go swimming , and then he stuck the kid on a little island in the middle of the pool , and he removed the swimming ... bob_toeback i know they did have a few crazy outfits . my favorite expansion pack was superstar . even though there was the one obsessed fan guy who came to your house xd . i remember when i got ... bob_toeback xd , i'm guessing you modded yours right ? i didn't really start using custom content until sims 2 . then i pretty much over loaded my sims 2 with mods . i do that less now though with ... bob_toeback do you like playing sims : 3 ? bob_toeback i never played them , what are they like ? nothing wrong with getting something out , we all need to rant sometimes . i'm one of the few isfp two's iv'e seen on this forum : o i know my cousin was intensely watching videos for it before , like the character creation . she was really excited about it before , but currently she's more excited about saint's row the third because ... i stole this from the enfp forum :) . i would really like to talk to you , but i'm so scared and i don't know what to talk about . i think we could be great friends i wanna be your cowgirl xd i cringed . poor guy . you should :D 2733927340 27341 here ya go :D . fresh from my computer . bob_toeback well i can't wait to play it then =) . you are cute :D agreed . at times where leadership is needed , i get scared and i don't always do something about it . bob_toeback what's different about it so far compared to morrowind and oblivion : 3 ? intp : 3 ( the message you have entered is too short dx ) oh why thank you ;D you could be a music teacher :D . my one teacher who looks like you was a band teacher , until he switched to teaching english because of some departmental issues . yes , as an isfp i can say i definitely do have a bossy side to me xd . i'll occasionally correct things i see my friends do if they bother my sensibilities . at times i wish i could correct my aunt ... bob_toeback nope haven't tried it yet : o . though my friend says it is awesome . have you tried it ? you look like one of my favorite teachers : o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPUrDTuTEKk http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/pokmon-true-story-bro.jpg '