' basically , i think i see grumpiness as a willingness to disrupt the collective facade , which at all costs wants to maintain a detrimental , false sense of security and harmony . i appreciate that . lol , no idea but i don't have a drop of se in me . do you mean te ? if so , i can see that . also , yes , grumpy people have a special place in my heart - - but , i most of all admire people who are bold ... yes , unless they're mean about it . but just grumbling along , being in tune with all the crappier sides of life - - - i adore that . result : tritype 459/549 / 945 . the contemplative . well , golly darn . nailed it . definitely the best tritype test i've taken , too . and ask yourself , why does the admiration and validation of these people really matter to you ? sounds like you don't like them , anyway . be honest with yourself , it'll reveal a lot about your fears ... * deep breath * i really see no way around this other than to make a conscious decision to get over your own ego a little bit . and , find ways to value yourself / feel satisfied with yourself , outside ... one more thing - up to a certain age , maybe high school , i was * obsessed * with doing things perfectly , with being the sharpest i could be , getting the highest scores i could get . which is kind of ... also you may be interested in reading more about the concept of soul child , by sandra maitri . i don't think i was 1ish as a child , except that i tattled a lot . lol . however , a 1ish quality i've always had is very strong conviction . i was also extremely insensitive to things i perceived as ... double post sry people sure have some ... interesting interpretations of gender , in this world . all of the above . yes . or at least the stability is an illusion . once its taken or threatened in even a small way , there's anxiety and discontent . often the fixation to satisfy or feel secure in the first instinct can ... right . as for the underlined , i was replying to the person who said the purpose of life is to overcome things ; can't remember if it was you or someone else . i don't think doctors have a right to ... first of all , it's great and inspiring that you've gotten to a point where you are glad to be alive . you say that life is about overcoming things , but maybe not everyone agrees . to me , i bother ... mine would be ... fi ne ( very close second ) si or ni ( so close , even though that's supposed to be impossible ) te ( i'm weak here ) ti or fe ( sorry to everyone i interact with ) se ( what even is ... any project that heavily involves te , i feel inwardly panicked and like i'm definitely missing something . often times , i am . i try to appear to know what i'm doing , though , and it feels fake ... or at ... result : type : 5 tritype : 548/584 * scratches head * well , i did like the test , but ... edit - i took it again to change some of the things i was on the fence about and got result : type : 4 ... what if 7x92s adopted self-control / personal responsibility like a 1 ? i think that's what they do , when they integrate to 5 . 5 ' s are very big on self-control ( and then rebound into excessiveness when ... there's some reasoning behind the method that i always forget , though the individual lines all make sense to me . on the other hand , i could come up with some explanation for why any type could / should ... anyway the point is , i know as a 2 ( or really just as a close friend in general ) , the withdrawal thing can be really painful . and most people hate hurting their friends , including 4s ... it's just , i ... time and space , lack of guilting , lack of judgement . i have a very good friend who is a 2 and we've been through similar issues . but she ended up becoming accepting about it , even if she didn't ... i hope more people do this one . type 4 a ) does your ego fixation feed your vice ? can you describe how ? does melancholy / fantasizing feed my envy ? like gas to a fire . i'm constantly fantasizing ... and another thing . the best advice i can give you , whether or not you're a four ( but perhaps especially if you are ) - - if you think you have a good grasp on what you want out of life , and the will ... this is vague . personally , hearing that i'm too idealistic makes me roll my eyes , because more than anything , i just feel shame for never living up to what i think i should / could be . it doesn't ... that is an interesting approach . i think i will try it . in any case , yes , there can be a disconnect between how people see me and how i see myself . but people aren't privy to our thoughts and ... just finished this series last night . i know , a little delayed . but i am obsessed , sooo ... buffy - esxp ... 8w9 so / sp spike - istp ... 8w7 sx / sp giles - ixtj ... 5w6 or 1w9 sp / sx willow - infj ... well , i finished the series ... 1.5 decades too late . but ! my thoughts ... buffy - esxp ... 8w9 spike - istp ... 8w7 giles - ixtj ... 5w6 or 1w9 willow - infj ... 6w7 tara - infp ... 9w1 oz - ... more examples - it seems like women don't usually appreciate my advances , maybe my approaches don't mesh with what make most women feel safe / appreciated . i tend to be really candid and i don't mean ... i deal with all genders the same way . which is to say , not especially well , but it has nothing to do with gender . i think gender is a construct - - - which doesn't mean it's not real . constructs are ... perhaps you did just answer the question ! i never understand this reaction . i generally love why questions and being prompted to express ideas , and i generally love hearing other people ... i agree with asking ' why ' ... though perhaps not always directly , if the person seems uncomfortable with it . a less direct way to do this is to make sort of a statement to see whether they agree . i ... style four characterizes a persistently self-obsessed person for whom their own experience and overthinking said experience is paramount . yep , gross . this was the underlying understanding ... michael from the office 7w6 enfp although i do not think most people agree with me on his type . but those people are wrong . if i read this knowing nothing else about you , i'd probably end up guessing one . based mostly on the first section , though that also does sound kind of sixish ( the repeat self thing , hehehe ) . but ... yeah . i don't think people wasting time on enneagram are experiencing much violence , misogyny , and persecution . well , i think that's a very problematic mindset because these types of problems ... if i am understanding correctly , i think that's what the majority of people do anyway when they attack others . i mean , convince themselves / believe their opponents are bad / evil , and find some way to ... what else do you have to go off of ? that might help . i was engaged to a 1w2 . we were together for a total of 5 years . we attracted one another by a strong interest and willingness for talking , at great length , about our values . and our experiences that ... if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? it would be a mixture of curiosity , nervousness , and what am i being bothered about ... not one . they are one of the frustrated types , and never really rest or accept blanket states of harmony . 9 ... probably under certain circumstances , when they can no longer withdraw / deny that the ... that said , if it's about something that is none of their business , and therefore you're not trying to betray pre-existing understandings about communication and accountability , i don't think it is a ... it really depends . if the intention is to mislead , about something the other person has a right to know , then it is the same as a lie . for example , your partner is a recovering alcoholic who has been ... 6 - idk , i have a lot of anxiety problems . but i don't have trust issues in a very sixish way - i do expect things to go wrong , but i also expect myself to be capable of handling it when it does so i ... 1 - i relate quite a bit to 1 , honestly , with wanting to know the right thing to do , feeling very afraid of being a bad person , and feeling unsatisfied when i don't do certain things perfectly - - but ... 7 . i truly cannot relate to the slightest inclination to detach from my emotions ( i sometimes dissociate but that's different ) . i am too hysterical to even try to distract myself from pain , pretend ... i don't know why this is but the majority of my friends have either asked me out or admitted feelings for me at some point , if they're not exes . it weirds out my partner a little but whatever . ... yes , lovely ! i've taken a lot of time to study levels of health since i wrote that , and i'm happy to announce i'm definitely somewhere in the average range right now . and at times even flirt with ... ooh , thank you . that's interesting although i don't put much stock into this , lol . the main trend i've noticed in my romantic life is that everyone i've ever dated on any level has sx either ... i don't know because i can't read the letters . but i'd choose , for the women , upper-right hand side . for the guys , center and top row . i'm bisexual . what are they ? lol '