' my mom is esfj . she's probably a type 2 . my family is very mellow , and my mom is the one that holds us together . if it wasn't for her , i probably would never see my brothers . she holds weekly family ... angelcat um ... no ? like i had a thread back when i first joined ... which was like two years ago lol . yes , i do too lol . generally i don't mix friends , but in this case , since i'm trying to be friendly with everyone , it's a little different . it's nice in a way , to have a group . i still tend to hang ... johnson.han . 3 it was a simple change , really . i decided instead of staying in self pity , to seek out some friends . i started attending a bible group i had heard of , and became friends with the ... i don't know about enfps , but i was friends with a p type , and the thing i found difficult was not her indecisiveness , but her lack of communication . i don't mind doing something spontaneously , but ... angelcat i took a look at the link you gave . as usual my results made no sense . - _ - i've never been very good at studying these functions , but as i looked over the ones listed , i repeatedly got 3 ... thanks for replying snowsun . :) at the time i had posted this i was at my wits end , but i'm doing much better now . i realized i was uncertain about the nanny jobs because they were a little out of ... your welcome lol . ^ ^ a comment on f vs . t i might be wrong-i'm not as well versed on the functions as some people on this forum are-but this is the way i've come to understand it . a person using thinking will weigh ... when i tell stories i tend to over exaggerate , especially in the heat of the moment , but i usually will back track and say , well i'm exaggerating a little . i used to be a compulsive liar as a ... so this past few months have been hard on me . school was tough , i kind of got depressed in the middle and almost failed my classes , and i didn't have any friends to speak of . my good esfj friend ... aww this thread is so cute . please keep us updated on how everything goes ! like if you take him to lunch or anything . ^ _ ^ j types . i can't handle p types . when i make plans , i make plans , i can't deal with people who change their mind an hour before we are supposed to meet . :/ other than that ... i'm mostly friends ... it can also be paralyzing , when you see too many options and aren't sure which one to choose , :/ oftentimes after reading books by the same author , i can start predicting how the book will end by the third one i've read . movies ? i can pull out who will die immediately . the reason is because it's ... sweetish oh , they are definitely interesting . when they get in the same room they can't shut up lol . i kind of hoped they would get together , but it doesn't seem to be going that way . like i said , i ... uninspired username well then , if we were going by food type alone i would be an istp : th_love : lol . the cookie monster . nice . i found this image-not sure if i would call it accurate , but it sure made me hungry . 3216023216 02321602 emberfly yes , i think your right , that the fear of the unknown can be a trigger for sjs . i realize you didn't mean anything negative by saying we lived in a shell , and i'm sorry if it came off that ... haha what an old thread . i love how it got hijacked by other types somewhere in the middle . ooh congratulations ! :D and that's really sweet of you to get her a car . i choose ... the audi a4 2015 ! and please keep in mind i know absolutely nothing about cars , i am only choosing from an ... emberfly i just want to say ... i know this guy who is probably infj , and he is weird lol . like one night our group was sharing favorite movies , and it was like , iron man , gladiator , toy story , ... marla_s i'm not sure why , but my computer messed up when i was typing . i meant to say i've learned to ask her to clarify . thanks for the advice though . i seem to do much better with her when we ... i hate my current job . i've worked there 4 years , and i've burned out on it . the only thing i liked about it was the people i worked with , and they are all leaving . i'm considering getting a nanny ... perusing or persuing ? i'm not a big fan of perusing guys myself lol . i have recently become acquainted with a person i believe to be infj . she might be intj but she is super careful about other peoples ' feelings so i think she is infj . she is one of the smartest ... yes , generally i prefer smaller groups , or hanging out with people one on one . the thing that drains me most are people i don't know that i have to interact with , or tension / conflict . thanks though , ... thatkillsme that's why i haven't changed my username pic in forever lol . i'm always afraid no one will know who i am ... sweetish i've been meaning to tell you for a while how much i like your username picture . :) sometimes i wonder if i'm an extrovert . i go for weeks wanting to hang out with people , and visiting friends . then a week like this one rolls around , and nothing makes me happier than a quiet house ... i thinks it's really cool you were able to find a place that fit you , and that also let you use your social work knowledge . i don't think that aspergers is related to any specific type , however i ... ( 1 ) we are not doormats.actually , i think we have a fairly hearty constitution . :) i for one am very good at saying no ( but that could be because i'm a middle child ) . also , when descriptions say we ... if i watch a sad movie or one of those save the starving children commercials i can feel empathy . actually , i like to watch sad movies on occasion when i want to feel sad . for real life ... waft . it just sounds ... gross . snowsun sounds fun ! i got to go to kenya last year , i hope yu have a great time.any place in specific your going to , or is it still in the planning stage ? it will work out . :) it's funny actually , most of the sj's i know are creative . my two esfj friends both loved drawing . one prefers comic book style drawing , while the other prefers realistic . i myself like photography , ... i'm hoping to make things for american girl dolls . i've looked on etsy , and quite a few people are successful at it . i have to find my niche though . currently my crafting skills aren't good ... angelcat oooh , so your a novelist then ? i want to get published one day . :) right now i'm still working on the craft though , and getting things finished . my goals this summer is to make money for ... it's a middle school , so 6th - 8th grade . i'm getting my degree in elementary ed , but i like working with kids in the older range ( think 5th grade or so ) so i don't mind working with middle school . the ... i'm curious to know if anyone else makes summer goals . if you do , what are they ? i think summer is a great time to press reset and pueruse some lost and forgotten hobbies / desires . what's your list ... norweegianguy i'm the same . i've come to learn i do much better with short term tasks . i can enjoy the process , but often i enjoy the end result a great deal more . i work in an after school program and make most of the lesson plans . i try to make them fun and interesting as well as educational , but it's so disheartening when the kids show absolutely no ... your in a difficult position ! i haven't seen any movies recently myself , but i hear insurgent got some pretty bad reviews , so i would say avoid that ( unless you guys are fans of the ... jimmers aww that's so sweet . :) i wish i had a childhood sweetheart like that . bob_toeback i haven't seen those sadly . :/ what kind of genre do you like ? i prefer scifi , action , and kid movies ( like how to train your dragon ) . it makes me happy to see such a diverse cast of ... oh , good morning everyone ! it is beautiful out where i am and i'm in a great mood . :) i wish everyone a wonderful day . i don't normally do this but i am going to attempt adding a picture . edit * * if ... haha , i hate it when i get different results ! no serisouly , i've gotten intj , istp , istj , isfj . and i'm like-i am not an intj ! the problem is my t / f scores are so slightly different . and apparently ... nichya aww thank you . :) i stole it off somewhere . i like calm pictures like that . i like your avatar too . are they detectives ? the cat looks like he's holding a magnifying glass . is it alice and ... nothing's really going on the isfj page , so i thought i would drop in and say hi . :) '