' so ... introduce yourself ... who ... what ... when .. where ... why .. ? : tongue : alphas and lie to me what is forever about ? thehungryone what is elements of style about ? list as many as you like ... ill start with mine ... for a man i like these ... this one in any ... there was this little girl who hated barbies , she was about 4 , so she decided to bury them in the front yard of her house . there , in her mind , they died . the end i have bipolar ii ... how i learned about it was going to the library and digging in books . i see a psychiatrist and i go to therapy . i guess how much help you want and how much you want out of life is ... i love it when i am down to my last bills and all of a sudden my creativity starts poppin . wt ? why does it take being broke for this to happen ? o well .. im cookin up some concoctions .. : laughing : this sounds like a type of seizure to me called { typical seizure } yes everyone has all these above experiences ... but something about yours seems different . its just stuff ive ... no kidding ! if i don't educate myself i will vegetate myself i and s its a way to keep up with friends and family for me . we communicate a lot . and some of us live far apart . so its a good thing . its a useful tool . english ... psychology ... art ... isfp i like the honest expressions on this forum ... i don't find it to be wasted time ... i find it rather interesting and enlightening to see so many perspectives and its actually helped me understand ... flip flops / sandals all the time ... cute ones ... its summer ! and ... then in fall and winter i wear boots and cute canvas shoes or a really nice pair of sneakers . and since i wear flip flops / sandals its ... i don't like that i don't let people inside my head ... i don't like that im able to write it down yet not talk it out at times when i need to . it comes out as something like ... oh ... im fine ... i was ... https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSbHy7yY9I0N60nXh2K9adFkpXo5FcfUCaGtHxVFoN3rJto0MWwWQhttps://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTuaz7mXXTKfaAQrhilHALloAp50LV-N306UR7ni4 ... best friend is an infp ... you sound soo similar [ quote = monemi ; 3931295 ] madtv ! this was wayyy better ! http://youtu.be/jZkdcYlOn5M omy ... that first one had me crackin up ! thanks for sharing ! ! ! hilarious :] well then i guess we're both crazy then ... cuz you sincerely asked a question when you posted this thread and i sincerely asked you if you were a deep thinker ... lol i guess its * kinda humorous ... http://youtu.be/46H_lm3OLBE honey , honey , honey , you need to have more respect for yourself dear ... please don't let your mother's controlling you start you in a downward spiral of taking things out on yourself ... yes i know its ... i do ... do you ? i like that they think on their toes and they are witty , quite intelligent and able to back it up with proof . i don't like that they can be a bit insensitive at times but their other qualities make ... maybe you should have entitled your thread ... how have you handled your bad life experiences based on your mbti ? ... because we all have bad life experiences ! ! ! and we all handle them ... i really don't know what to say except my heart really goes out to you ... i suffer from what you are describing in ways also and i haven't figured it out yet either ... hugs see if this might help ... scroll down the page a bit ... tally your marks up ... see which side you lean towards ... it helped me ... the mbti test kept saying i was a j ... this helped me realize i was ... this is what i do ... i grab my paints ... and i just go to town . whatever comes to my mind i paint ... the colors start to come together and make images which maybe others may not see , but i see them in ... i did ... on the left edge of the piece ... not sure if i did good on that part .. but i asked for her opinion ... and again ... she seemed to agree it was a piece ready to turn in ... ill let you know my grade ... according to the above thread i guess im a rare isfp who does love the abstract ... lol ^ ^ ^ i'm in art class ... and an art major ... and i can tell you for sure ... there are all personality types ... i've done essays on artists ... looked up their type ... they are all different ... and this ... i finished it and turned it in ... i think i did good for my first one . she seemed to like it . :] now that i know how it makes me want to do more ! yes we can only use sharpies ... i looked up a site on hatching with pen , and i found it very helpful , thanks to the hatching keyword you mentioned . i'm new to the whole drawing thing . thanks . i'm ... you seem to know yourself very well and are very balanced . i appreciate how you explained it all . it makes a lot of sense . and you do not strike me at all to be arrogant . thank you so much . it really ... ballast merehuman sorry if i was vague . i see some things in my grandfather . short . to the point . but very driven , he has built a small family business into a large family business that is suited for ... wow ... you took what makes you tick to another level ... lol ... so white shoes ... of course ... white shoes are a revealer of a man ... she should have known right ... you seem interesting ... but i don't ... what i meant by that is i want to hear from people on here ... so well i guess i do want to hear from people on the internet ... not necessarily all the explanations of the intj personality off of the ... oh my goodness ... ya'll are amazing ! i had no idea about intj's that was so insightful . is that how you totally relate ? . so if i understand it right where i as an isfp view the worlds beauty ... your very welcome :} intj's seem interesting to me ... i'd love to know what makes you all tick ... i just found out my grandfather is one and he fascinates me ... and well i wanna know more ... not from the internet ... but from ... thank you everyone for your insight ... i really appreciate it ... go for it ... don't listen to haters im not ... i am majoring in art .. and im determined to be a middle school art teacher . our personality will be soo good with kids regardless the age . imagine how ... i've done a pencil drawing ... the instructor told us that she wanted us to draw the ensemble , of which i have done . and now i have to go over the drawing with the sharpie , but to fill in with texture ... he who misplaces many things ... lol ... my infp best friend . { wink } we definitely get along well . for some time she did think it was her fault . i tried to reassure her it wasn't . her father and i have been very supportive . as well as friends of ours . its the school ... first of all thank you for showing interest in this subject .. it means a lot ... i need enfp perspectives . so here is the issue she is dealing with . some of which i do not relate to . bullying .. they ... first of all thank you for showing interest in this subject .. it means a lot ... i need enfp perspectives . so here is the issue she is dealing with . some of which i do not relate to . bullying .. they ... twigs that painting is amazing ! 74791this is my first drawing in charcoal 74790my first drawing in charcoal '