' no bias necessary to make that objective point . it's a pretty stellar group of people around here , the likes of which we could present any issue to and receive viable response . that warmth is very ... i hate shit like that . back when i was in high school having serious problems with depression , my sister called me abnormal because of how i was acting . she literally used that word , and i was ... ugh , i know ! i was so pissed a few years ago when i looked at the label and found out one of my favorite drinks has stupid hfcs in it . food and drink just need to be healthier in general . =( thanks for pointing this out . i've usually done the same thing without realizing it . when speaking to someone , i approach f problems by remaining cool and rational . for the t problems , i'm warm ... agreed with this . good luck figuring out anybody's age on the internet these days without a picture or confirmation of where that person is in life educationally . you have children who type like ... realism with a dash of negativity . avoid the bad people and manipulators . avoid them like the plague they are . you'll always have to fend for yourself ; that's how life works . but there are others out ... hahahaha , you definitely are . this is exactly how i feel about my current girlfriend . she's never gonna have it the way she does with me , and she knows so . thousand bucks apiece says each of ... nooo . you can't do this . it defies what we are . there are lots of things to abandon in life , but that passion sure as hell ain't one of ' em . you know that saying how there's someone out ... that sounds really , really cool . you must've been a neat kid . i acted similarly , though i was such a homebody . i would act out these fantasy wars in my room with those big bags of green plastic ... honestly ? i wouldn't be any different at all . the only difference in my life is that i wouldn't be posting on this subforum . i've never relied on personality types to validate myself . only to ... my imaginary friends were mostly video game characters and people who played legos with me . they were awesome . i was terribly imaginative . it sounds stereotypical , but they faded away as i ... well , the way you worded your first question , i assumed you were implying how to differentiate these concepts in viewing another person . am i wrong ? i figured the entire difficulty would lie in the ... nice . i just can't stand being perceived in a way that implies i don't know how to light a fire in a relationship . like i'm some boring stoic or something . before i'd fallen in love for the ... lmao at that strip ofana makeup's an interesting issue . i'd rather people ( mainly , the people who use a lot ) not wear it at all . i can't express enough how jarring it is to see someone who always ... i wouldn't put that out of the realm of possibility , though i think each applies in different situations . i've seen people change quite drastically over time . becoming more withdrawn and internal ... bam . this is me . it blows me away how nobody in my life except the people i date are even remotely aware of my romanticism . i'm easily the most romantic guy in a relationship i know , but that's just ... capricorn 4 lyf . but no , no connection . hahaha , same here ( well , except for the doris part ) , since i began posting last week . i'm going to reference a post of mine from another topic to summarize my thinking on trust in relationships . i think it's important to learn from each relationship and take something meaningful ... i think this applies to most personality tests . i try to take mine at a moment i'm not particularly down or up . from a neutral stance , i find i can answer questions with considerably more unbiased ... i think the unfortunate fact of the matter is that random other people often encourage impatience . you know those situations where you're dealing with someone , and the other person / people you ... just wanted to comment on this bit . socializing on the internet is ludicrously powerful , based on the idea that it is a place where we can be alone together . never has a more true oxymoron surfaced . hmm , all this agreement makes me wonder if i'm of the more patient variety around here . honestly , i learned one of the most important , applicable lessons i could ever hope to learn in life at age ... cool idea . but everyone is so distanced . =( i was obsessed with everything mentioned on this page as kid . pokemon , digimon , turtles , power rangers ... damn , i really smiled when i saw this topic . i'm still pretty poke-obsessed . i put well ... right-handed , right-footed . the entire right half of my body is basically stronger / more skillful than the left half . except for my brain , maybe : tongue : but i'd really love to be ambidextrous . i ... wow , that's truly something to celebrate . your friend has more self-control and diligence to his values than just about anybody . respect . it's sad that most people can only see shallow criticism ... might i suggest that your problem could possibly be summarized by not having found your passion in life ? those are all things i've thought and felt at some point , and not having found what really ... you know , a lot of people around here would genuinely listen to / converse with you . try not to feel so alone , but i completely empathize . as a man myself , i totally agree that most of my sex ... what does accomplishments mean to you ? they mean a lot to me because they mean a lot to people i care about . unfortunately , because they don't matter to me , i haven't devoted myself to them . and ... hey , it gets better . accuser in question was a stereotypical nt rife in insecurity . = i would know ; he's still my friend ! i've been ( mis ) interpreted as selfish and emotionally shallow ( can you believe that ? ) at times in life , solely due to my own reserved nature in dealing with people . i honestly couldn't care ... my number one choice , by far , would be the ability to reverse time . the color scheme is just blegh . kinda lacks personality ... which is tragic given the site name . you're waaay too decisive . i've never smoked weed , and i think it smells like shit . it really oughta be legal , though . i confess that this topic is the most simultaneously cathartic , depressing , and encouraging compendium of the human condition i have ever seen in my life . ever . i felt the same way when i finally got my type pegged down and started posting on , specifically , the infp board . just being around people who think and feel in a similar manner is so , so ... funny you mention nicotine gum . i work in retail , and i know several people who are hopelessly addicted . there's something really messed up about replacing cigarettes with a significantly more ... i'm not even the intended audience , but : first off , you're the teach ! regardless of what age group you're working with , those people are going to be forced to obey / respect / listen to you , because ... what dancininrain is describing is not only natural , but completely necessary in the life of any sane individual . there isn't a person on the planet who acts the same in the following situations : ... i try to apply different perspectives to everything regularly ; i see it as a basic principle of being open-minded . it's such a great enabler to see issues in different light . but yes , as you ... so basically being petty ? i'm the same way , though i've gotten a lot better about it . it's definitely one of the downsides . i feel ya . apparently infps are gorgeous as all hell . ladies and gentlemen , alike . i'm going to post pictures of me holding something and then my eye because i can . maybe real pics some other time =P ... i dunno , what's actually wrong with this ? i personally think this is much better than the opposite : i don't ever want to see myself being emotionless and cold . being receptive to people's feelings ... i dunno . parenting is concept that really , really used to creep me the hell out . just imagining someone like myself who still has so much to fix and accomplish in life ... imagining that same person ... stereotypes are so , so dumb , and their existence perpetuates these kinds of threads . when will people ever realize that mbti types themselves are a relatively vague generalization of people's ... i strive for a life along the lines of what iamorangetoday seeks . that is : a simple , family-oriented life with a lovely wife and kids . i wish to live a comfortable life not in excess . financially ... six is the equivalent of sacrificing for the greater good . yet , seven is the right thing to do . yes i'm quoting myself . confessional update : my girlfriend and i have been at some really fucked up kind of odds for several weeks following some outburst fallout piece of shit . as i clearly ... '