' nobody is the same so realistically it's 100 % impossible to base anyone off of stereotypes . every single person ever born is an individual . dumb question . some are cool , some are annoying . just ... 1 . creativity 2 . curiosity , 3 . honesty , 4 . learning , 5 . perspective ... pretty much everything . im awesome . although no weakness given , can improve every aspect of my life . self ... i know a stereotypical istp is supposedly a lone wolf ... which i agree with . however i am without any doubt whatso ever a leader , although i have absolutely no problem collaborating with someone ... haha whaaa ? im from cheyenne ... actually laramie now . small world . biggest rush was a 17 story bungee jump over concrete . where the spotter held me backwards , horizontally to the ground and dropped me at random so i had absolutely no expectation to when i was gonna ... strange . ive been diagnosed as bipolar-ii . i used to doubt it ... till i went off mood-stabilizers . don't know if this really has anything to do with personally types though . i'm sure mood disorders happen ... you need to talk more ... i've just started simply saying no . it annoys the hell out of me . i do whatever the fuck i want and then get arrested . i stopped going to bars ... but i got laid , a lot . officially an oil driller ( roughneck ) in bismark , nd ... makin 2 grand every other week . listen to exactly what they say , not in between the lines . and if they talk to you more so than not we probably consider you a friend . but to be honest , you have some weird ass questions . you can't . nope . he hit em , ran them over . id beat him . lol , a car hit him ... and ran over 5 more of my buddies . yes i would beat the shit out of him . hahahhahahhaa troll . if my best buddy got hit by a car , id fuck em up . prove me wrong . what a judgmental d bag you are . lmfao , if my buddy got hit by a car , id fuck the driver up . prove me wrong . neither do i . buttfuckit ... no pun intended . fuck the police . no , one biker slowed down to let him know he cut another off and the fucking driver swiped him and drove like 5 other bikers over out of panic . id beat the fuck out of him . i bike , and that shits ... from my understanding , pain tolerance has nothing to do with ' toughness . ' i think istp's are tough , but every type can have a high ' pain tolerance . ' pain tolerance is subjective . i personally have ... i saw the video , and felt the motorcyclists had every right to beat the shit out of that dude ... who the fuck runs people down with a car ? ? ? fuck them . i'd beat the shit out of them too . i usually just say the words ' god damn it ' or ' fuck ' , or a mixture of both ... ex , ' god fucking damn it . ' i'm the guy who gets along with everyone and it takes a lot to piss me off ( although when i do get pissed all hell breaks loose . ) . i'm not judgmental and don't jump to conclusions to whether i like ... this is more of a venting post more than anything but this is absolutely unbelievable . this is about a crook who is about as smart as a box of rocks and police who aren't much smarter ... a few ... i used to feel like a zombie , now i just find ways to scare the shit out of myself regularly . usually snowboarding or rock climbing . a lot of times just getting out and fishing or even offroading ... my left ear is completely clogged . not being able to hear out of one ear is the most annoying thing ever . i once had 3 one night stands in a row . the first two were great . i just got up in the morning , said bye , and walked home . the third was pretty uncomfortable because i woke up alone on the couch ... i also think people envy our rationality and mystery . when we feel the need to say something important , people listen . i've noticed too many times people tune out really extroverted types of ... sometimes i really need to get away . my favorite thing is to drive up to the mountains and fly fish trout in very remote areas . i actually prefer to fish alone because fly fishing is like a puzzle ... i used to be pretty wild , like 8 months ago . then i got arrested , totaled my truck , and got a shit load of misdemeanor driving tickets . license suspension , fines , tow bills , and multi-year probation ... damn i live in a beautiful state . a couple of my pictures . 7210272103 don't have any of my pics of the tetons on my computer , but grand teton national park might be my favorite place ever . ... attractive , relatively low maintenance , adventurous , of at least average intelligence , passive but confident , and fun . honestly you can't speculate a group of people . ive met some really annoying intj's and some cool ones just like any type . the picture is obviously 2/3 empty or 1/3 full . same thing . yeah i can relate . it kinda builds up like a pressure and explodes out for the better or worse . you should keep it private though and like someone said above don't go telling friends and stuff ... travis rice , greatest snowboarder all time . the dude is insanely good . he disappeared in an avalanche but somehow kept an edge and rode out the side . unbelievable .  ... i forgot , i think the majority of unfamiliar people find my facial expression intimidating because when we make eye contact they almost always look down . it must be the blank stare . my sister swears i'm ocd , not organizationally but by my way of doing things . i just have mastered the most efficient way of doing everyday things . getting dressed out of order wouldn't annoy me ... i can certainly relate to this . i'd rather use se than anything but would definitely prefer to fix / build a car , house , really anything over a stressful relationship issue ( prefer , not rather ) . but i ... white water rafting ( tried to get into that class for 3 years but was always full ) , rock climbing , and archery . what is that suppose to mean ? a true friend is someone who understands and values their friends needs . not everyone has the same needs . i have good friends where emotions are rarely , if ever talked ... i dont think being an istp is a curse or a bad thing . honestly i live by my own ethics , rules , and laws . this sometimes does cause minor legal or social issues but luckily i have good morals ... i would consider myself confident and fairly good looking and really dont have a problem when it comes to getting a first date . however , i am really slow to open up to new people and by the time i ... depends , if its stupid pointless drama i ignore it like the plague . if it's something truly worth giving a fuck about i have no problems being confrontational . i think people are drawn to me as a leader because i am quite but when i talk , i speak the truth . i guess i walk the walk with out talking much talk . i really dont care what people think about me , but i think perceptions about me are different in different settings . at work , people probably think im fairy outgoing because i am a good sales man ... i am reserved but am really not shy . if i think she's my type of girl , ill approach her confidently and start up a conversation . i dont have any friends ' wing man ' for me , i just take it on myself ... i dont mind it really , especially if it leads to something more : cool : . im not the best at showing affection through words , so physical touch is easier for me . i am majoring in freshwater fisheries biology . pretty self explanatory , i plan on being a fisheries biologist . i've grown up on the water and on boats . i job shadowed a fisheries biologist in high ... crazy - sums up the chick from my first relationship . isfp ( most likely ) - this was more of a fling . she was cool but wasn't exactly the smartest person ive ever met . i kind of pissed her off ... '