perhaps the more intelligent people can see others ' flaws more easily and just choose to not tolerate bullshit and be amicable . if you're a top 0.5 % iq person for example , it can be very hard to ... i'm just trying to explain that from a technical standpoint , the chemical mechanisms are exactly the same for love and lust , and since there are in fact things you can do to manipulate attraction , ... that sounds exactly like infatuation . :) by the way , i know fluent greek . hahah . while they might have different words , agape and phile are pretty much the same thing and storge doesn't even ... getting married , having kids or even conventional work should not be considered the default or something you have to do . doing things just because others choose to do said things would be stupid ... while the thread seems answered , i want to add that once you realise what ' love ' actually is , the basic chemical reactions and realise that people can be manipulated into feeling that in many ways , ... honesty is key in friendships and especially relationships , so clearly she doesn't belong . your friend is probably attached to what she provides ( not actually her as a person ) and doesn't realise it , ... you should never have been chasing others in the first place . take a relaxed approach and if somebody is genuinely interested in you , something will probably happen . no effort or desperation ... regarding her child , i'd say in this situation that's a part of her life that you should not get involved in . also , ' rude ' is somewhat subjective so perhaps she doesn't think she's being rude . i do not doubt that you may be highly intelligent , but clearly you have some issues with staying motivated on one thing long term . i assume this is because they actually bore you and then you ... don't take the advice of the person above me , that's nonsense . you get nowhere playing petty games like a kid . you don't need to ask to follow him , just go ahead and do it . keep a casual mentality , ... i think the most important traits in people as a whole are honesty , intelligence and a little bit of comedic worth . obviously it helps if they have good eyebrows too . usually i'd leave a thread like this a long response with lots of different viewpoints and tips , but sometimes you just need to step back and relax . that seems all too ideal , but it seems you give ... it makes sense not to just pursue , often it's better to let things happen if they do occur naturally . have you tried enjoying nature or something ? soothing self reflection ? that's hard to say , so many names . it's nice being in london though cause you always see the artists around casually and they're a laugh . anyway , if you want to link up some time , drop me a pm and we ... just an afterthought , do you live in or near london ? you could come to a grime rave with me some time if you like . are you here to demonstrate what a better video would look like ? you have no duty to tell her though , just let it sit there . if she ever gets into a mess for it , it's her own fault . i have a few little points to make here . firstly , some of your friends by your description seem like they might actually be ill themselves . disregarding that , i concur that the only people worth ... getting rid of those feelings is a matter of replacing them with better things . keep busy and let the time pass . perhaps study how human thought processes work a bit more so you have more of an ... of course not . different topics , a fresh start , no grudges . by the way , are you doing better ? seems like she could be somebody who recognises social cues but chooses to forgo them in favour of her more direct form of communication . non-conformism can be good sometimes . if she's smart , ... this depends on your preference of os really . if you consider the newest build of windows to be equal in your preference to the mac os , then that's one of apple's key attraction points gone . if ... i read ' cross country ' and immediately assumed running . oops . i've noticed in uni that older students are received just as well as younger , more typically aged students . i think it's because people in their late teens finally get old enough to appreciate ... i think it would help if you didn't put the power in everybody else's hands instead of your own . you don't have to live on the validation of others . maybe this is why you feel like you have a problem , because you seem to take everything ( even respectful conversation or advice ) to be hostile ( as you've just demonstrated ) . nonetheless , i won't ... there wasn't anything contradictory at all , but you may absolutely feel free to quote the specific contradicting statements . eventually having to lose my brother . my policy is to be respectful to everybody but not take shit from anybody . physically i feel 21 . in temperament and understanding , i feel a lot older . second or third if it has to be one of those . i don't use dating sites or apps or any of that , but i can tell you what i've heard . supposedly , wearing colours like red increases your perceived ... perhaps you should not automatically assume somebody is a troll because their perception differs from yours , even if they're willing to dispute and may seem negative or hostile . some people have that ... i just become more bubbly . lots of things to address here , oh boy ! 1 ) you should ask to switch to a different drug . 2 ) is your depression acquired / built up or is it a natural physioloical disorder that you have ( for most ... what is it that makes perfectionism unhealthy ? i can't and won't type you , because there is a subforum for that where more experienced people will do that for you . i will say however that i can somewhat relate to some of those balanced traits ... hi there . this section may be better for you to post in , you'll probably get more responses . http://personalitycafe.com/sex-relationships/ good luck with your issue . there is actually a section for relationship advice , that you should consider next time . :) i love the style you type in . it's very weird to be asking for tips on deception or whatever you want to call it here . nonetheless , picture a bar / slider with you on one end and her on another . often within any kind of ... i'm just echoing what a couple of people have said already , but why the hell would somebody want to work for minimum wage if they can make much more ? failing to see any positives on the side of ... a white one . why would somebody else need or deserve said opportunity more than you just because they're a certain race ? i have some general tips for you . the first is to know your audience . different people respond better to different things . if you know what sort of person they are , you can have a better idea of how ... maybe you're witnessing some sort of social media effect , where people tend to only post pics and stuff of them having fun or doing ' good ' things , so viewing all of that tricks people into thinking ... i help others a lot and never ask for or require help . branchmonkey round here we aint play no games boi . : wink : will give it a look soon though . thanks again buddy , see you around . branchmonkey yep , like a busy bee . a curious one that flies straight in . thanks for the welcome , hopefully it doesn't feel like forever until i can access the debate section . branchmonkey i'm on mobile and those links are just taking me to the forums main page . also i'm not a massive fan of food . what you told her is a very large burden to put on somebody ( as i'm sure you already know ) . i don't think you should stop yourself from talking to her as much as you'd like to . there's nothing wrong ...