' i have found , doing my homework at work is helping tremendously . i work at my universities bookstore and have a lot of down time . my boss is really cool about letting workers to homework and for ... that would be your te , i believe . anyone , correct me if i am wrong . i am the same way . i have to make a conscious effort not to tell everything i am feeling or thinking . that goes into another ... my father does not talk about his feeling or thoughts unless he is directly asked and he is sure he will be listened to . otherwise he will give a short answer ( that goes back to my previous post ) ... no ... that is just ... no . believe so . godzilla unleashed . that is very similar to what i went through when i was 19 . confidence is a bid deal . i am in university , and i struggle with motivation and procrastination . i love school , i just hate doing homework when i could be doing something far more entertaining . does anyone else have or ... i went back and forth between thinking i was infp and enfp because of my quiet tendencies . i am shy in new environments , especially a new job or class . i am reserved and stand-offish . i am like ... when i first started dating my so , i tried taking care of him by cooking , cleaning , etc . i was terrible at it and was not consistent . i couldn't balance taking care of myself with taking care of him , ... when i am alone , i watch anime , x-files , contemplate what life would be like if i were a female mulder ( probably much like it is now ) , research mbti , homework , talk to my cat , look up more art to put ... i completely relate to this . i care way to much about what people think about me and pleasing others with the things i do and the decisions i make . however , i am in the phase of choosing to be more ... my mom is an enfj and my dad is an istj and they have been married for over 30 years . my mom sometimes can dominate conversation and projects and not give my dad opportunity for input ( usually he ... also , do you want to post the link that says this ? i am interested in reading it and maybe i will understand more ! :D well , i love the ennegram and mbti ; however , we are always more than our type . we are not bound by the stereotypes or even what you read on enfp 4s . however , i can see where you are coming from ... well , why can't your ideal self be attained ? why does that get in the way of knowing who you are ? i am only asking to understand what is going on exactly . i am also an enfp 4 ( w5 ) . i love to write short stories and create stories in my head ( that i often do not write down ) , photography , and drawing ( portraits ) . i could be wrong , but i really want to say dr . horrible is an nf ( infp ) . love that movie ! hahah ! i was told the same thing by my grandma . angels were bowling . thor is arguing with loki . that's what it is . angels and demons battle in the sky during a storm . not really , but it sounds like an epic battle is taking place . am i the only one who imagines that during a thunderstorm ? it is really neat to ... being inappropriate at inappropriate times . for example , having an inappropriate conversation in a formal setting . getting too personal too quick ; asking personal questions right away . being ... yeah , that has been pretty much it . my mind starts to fear something new . but , things are getting better . i started a new medicine and i can sleep now . * sigh * it is wonderful . i have been being ... thank you to everyone who has responded so far and given advise and tips on how you deal with anxiety and / or depression . i hope that has been helpful to others who have been reading this and it has ... yeah . it is always difficult getting to that point and making the decisions to cut them out . they never respond well and usually go down fighting or spouting off everything they can to beat you down ... my friend of 10 years was similar to that . seriously , it was always exhausting to be around her . it was like having the energy being sucked from me . i had to spend a few days to recoup . it got to a ... thank you ! i have been watching a lot of anime , reading books , and occasionally running . also , planning events / outings , and down time has helped me to know what to prepare for that way i am not ... also , for me , it is made worse when people attack what i am anxious about and tell me that those thoughts are true and it is my minds way of protecting me from whatever i am worried about . :d ry : you ... that is my issue . i keep fighting the anxiety and trying to push the feeling away so i do not have to face it and it has been making things worse . it is really hard to face those thoughts , but it is ... i relate to all of that . espcially the bolded parts . thank you for sharing . :) i especially loved how to described anxious thoughts . they really are like bullies ! i never thought of it that way ... lol . every enfp will either get offended by this or laugh and move onto to the next thing . some was funny , and some was offensive because it was true . : sad : yep ! typically , if i meet new people by myself in an unfamiliar setting , i am very reserved , but once i get comfortable or get to know the people and we hang out one-on-one they respond with i ... welcome ! no , no one deserves to feel that kind of pain . granted some of that for me was a while ago , but it comes and goes depending on what is happening in life . new experiences for me really help ... anxiety and depression are very common . everyone copes / deals with it differently , but i am curious how enfps , in particular , deal with it . i want to share a little bit about what it is like for me , ... that is my second function ? not sure if i am saying the right . ^ _ ^ not as familiar with enneagram as i am mbti , but you are right ! in my sigy also . unfortuenatly that is difficult for some of the individuals i am dealing with currently . i do my best to value others feeling and beliefs , but often i do not recieve that in return from them . :/ ... my infj boyfriend is very much like this . he doens't go out to do much unless it is something he does by himself , with me , or a friend . basiclly one-on-one basis , unless he knows the third person and ... i am with an infj ( mirqria ) and this is exactly how it is between us . i get lost in him when he speaks , especially when he tells stories . i go to another place . ^ _ ^ i can relate to this so much right now . unfortunately , i have let people walk on me for a long time because i do not want to offend anyone , even when it comes to personal decisions i have made that ... haha ! makes me feel happy to hear this ! when people give me their opinion or advise without my asking for it . i know enfps like to talk about their ' problems ' with people , or at least i do . talking about my problems or whatever is ... very well said . agree completely . hugs and affection are sacred / special . i feel something like that , if it has strong emotion tied to it , should be for someone special . i do have a ... :D good to see people have having fun with it then . not a thing wrong with that . it has gotten quite a few enfp's excited . happiness for all to go around . i honestly cannot imagine an intj giving ... jeb 713 i did see that ! my week has been made . :D even though it is a scam . hugs are still cool . ^ _ ^ autumn_fairy * sigh * i know . . . but ! it could always happen . probably on a much , much smaller ... jeb 713 yep . nope . did not expect this . hell has frozen over . hmmm . intj hugs . . . sounds too good to be true . * silently cries * for some reason , i imagined a panda . cute and cuddly until it gets pissed off , and then your face flesh is on the floor . love this post ! i feel like you put into words all the things i have had ... lol . that is quite the perspective and it makes sense . wouldn't it be boring though if there was an assessment that was able to give an exact description of one's personality ? there would be no ... i have heard the enfp's are the least extrovert extrovert-types . it would make sense . i can have a conversation with a complete stranger but i don't make a show of it or make myself the center of ... ha ! it worked . scored as an istj . thank you for the fantastic tip . :D i will spread the word . '