' 425362 arguably , doesn't this mean that you may have psychopathy ? i hardly consider myself a placid person though i pretty much let people walk over me so long as their requests and / or actions ... http://youtu.be/P7R3X_ms3Ng for the past week or so . not to sound emo , but it actually echoes the sound of my mind my girlfriend of 4 and a half years left me because i'm an evil person and i hate myself . i can't look anyone in the eye , i want to be held but at the same time i want to suffer for my misdoings . ... i need to succeed , i won't . i looked , and there before me was a pale horse ! its rider was named death , and hades was following close behind him . they were given power over a fourth of the earth to kill by sword , famine and ... wondering if this is mate as in sexual partner , or mate as in the uk slang for friend ... either way ! my girlfriend and i get on well enough , she's intj , i'm borderline infj ( not really any ... i've asperger's syndrome , and i've been in a happy relationship with an intj ( though i'm a lot more out-going than she is ) . it depends on the severity of the autism and the personalities , not the ... wouldn't it just be a sign that says free hugs ! ? i joined because i wanted to know how a pessimistic infj got over depression , and in the words of one of my favourite fictional characters : i drop , i stay . besides , the cute animals thread from a ... i think , possibly another subtype is needed here , maybe even a few . rather than being overall emotional or pensive , i am both one with and apart from the group , keeping tabs on peoples ' well-beings ... don't you worry , about a thing , ' cause every little thing , gonna be alright ! honestly , that song got my friend through her exam , even humming it during the damn thing , annoying as hell , but it ... damn those smart people and their insufferable intuitive logic ! all i'd suggest is that with the last letter , you sign it . just the last one . i am 19 , and i will have been in a relationship for 4 years by the 16th of september . i have never gone out with or even flirted with any other girl , but my girlfriend is special , and although i may ... why only one ? why not every pet ever ! ? you know that you have enough love to go around , so share it ! ;) 1 . infjs hate other people . i only hate parasites and those who conform so much that they have nothing that allows them to stand out , those who cover themselves with trends until there is nothing ... i got told that i looked like a rapey banana . true story . i used to get odd looks and some of my friends used to say that i looked scary when i was angry , even when i was just thinking angry ... i knew a guy who did just that , too . totally acceptable . i myself have role-played as a female ai as well as several male characters , including an androgenous vampire and a wolf . there's nothing bad about the person , so long as they ... i am in 6th form , don't know what that is over in the us , but whatever . i'm the one who's a bit of an anomaly , i am not mentally or physically odd in any way , other than being 3 years older than ... i hostly think i'd start analysing the other me ( and he i ) , and we'd try to fix eachother , but become frustrated that both wants to help the other , rather than be helped . i'm fine the way i am , but ... only just slightly left of ghandi . am i surprised ? not really . it's pretty basic ethics : the many before the few , the lesser evil and the calm acceptance that we can always be better , and that ... honestly , i've been with my intj girlfriend for almost 4 years and she'd really rather not have it at all ... i think she just prefers having me to hold her during a horror film and fix her computer ... ah , but my mask is but a mirror , reflecting smoke and shadows , very few know who i am behind the facade . when i speak to a rational intj , i reflect their mind , bouncing their ideas back with new ... yes , she was both a project and a wonderful person , but the only way in which i helped was by removing every obstacle that she herself designated between herself and what she wanted to be / do . i ... one of my close friends recently doorslammed me , effectively cutting me out of her life for good by severing all communication ties , and refusing to say why . this would be somewhat okay if we ... a curse or a blessing ? whenever the moon runs high , i am filled with restless energy , the urge to run , jump , laugh and howl my existence to the skies . not entirely sure why , perhaps because i ... 11 , friendly realist here . it's an interesting thought to think that those that like you would abuse that bond by asking excessive favours , but even more surprising ( to me ) would be that you think of it as abuse . i ... to like somebody , you have to respect some facet of their personality , their achievements , actions , mannerisms , something about them which makes them better than the others in some way . however , you ... regardless of the original intent of this thread having been solved , the question it poses is still a valid one , and i'm bored . when i say the words i love you , it means so much , and even if i ... my so loves when i get jealous of other men spending more time with her than i get , but that's only because she wants me to spend more time with her as well , so it's an incentive to get my arse in ... if the question is do you believe in god , i'd say i believe in a higher power if the question is are you religious , i'd say i don't think we know everything about the universe if the question ... i myself have ceased to adhere strongly to these types , i know several intjs ( oddly enough none of them are mentally stable , 2 are psychopaths and one is a schizophrenic ) , but calling myself an ... all in all , i find that the biological model for psychopathology is one of the more irritating , they blame everything on bing ( biochemistry , infection , neuro-anatomy , genetics ) . by focussing on ... that last one is so tempting , but the truth is i should refer half of my friends there , i am merely the stabilizing force who stays because they are interesting . i've done it once or twice in highschool when i was about 12-13 ish . some idiots were running up and slamming themselves against a crowd of people trying to get through a small corridor , so i dumped ... concert . detach emotionally from the partner for the duration , enjoy badass live band , go home , relax . sorted . honestly ? one of the things that cheers me up after a long , hard day is helping somebody else feel better about themselves . other than that : lasagne my girlfriend my friends a good song with ... i splice sprites from pokemon and turn them into avatars . this is one of the ones i made to resemble myself , key points being the clothing and hair . long , kinda messy , dark hair , green coat , ( i ... my best friend is an intj psychopath ( clinically verified , not a self-diagnosis ) , so i'm used to getting my arguments torn apart and corrected . the best come-back against this so far has been from ... now then , where to begin dismantling your argument ? i'm hoping that you sounded incredibly insulting against your best wishes , so i'll be nice without generalising your entire demographic . to ... yo , aspie here . i really don't think we fit anywhere in a definitive way , i class myself as an xnxx because my other functions are interchangeable with any situation . i don't decide who i am , the ... cold eyes if i need a problem solved , warm eyes if i need to be comforted , never a stranger , i'm flippant with strangers . i'll tell a stranger my problem in vague terms in order to just tell ... but don't do pro wrestling , you might get hurt . just saying > . > i control my pain . i stand in the line of fire and i protect my friends and family , even as the pain rips through me , i know it's a good thing because in a way , i chose to be a martyr , regardless of ... who are you and how did you steal my past ? warhammer club really does improve social skills , which is odd considering it's based around a tabletop game with a £ 30 rulebook . you'd think it was a ... asking is always good . you can't always tell with behaviour , but the general signs are : intimate personal space , like sitting next to eachother so that legs touch , etc protective of the person ... shhh . it's not eavesdropping , it's being a covert-listener ! but yeah , i do chime in if it looks like they need help with something i know a lot about ( it earned me the college-wide nickname ... none of you make any sense . referencing the actions of humanity in general . '