' i've always thought the league champions to not have enough background depth to really get a good judgment on a personality type , but there are a few that stand out . draven - estp , type 3 on the ... you are a : left-leaning anarchist isolationist humanist libertinecollectivism score : 17 % authoritarianism score : - 83 % internationalism score : - 50 % tribalism score : - 67 % liberalism score : 100 % ... does anyone here play drawception ? i find it to be rather entertaining , especially seeing what a simple concept can transform into . drawception - the social picture telephone game ! my ... that's something that always interested me too . i'll play any role , but i prefer top lane and sometimes support . my favorite champions tend to be those who can win teamfights or splitpush easily ... i like being the center of attention if i'm showing off some idea , something i've made , or in the case of doing well in a competition and drawing a crowd . things that show competence and don't ... draven is a drvn . in all seriousness , he's probably one of the most obvious ones . estp and a type 3 enneagram . jinx is esfp enneagram type 7 lulu is clearly an xnfp . more likely ... dream theater has a lot of tear jerkers . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjINXbJ3vdo dream theater - through her eyes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwd12UfTpw8 dream theater - space dyed ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFcUJ1tDqDA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwup4ItqyNQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyAcfxLtamg i'm definitely more of an impatient person , and i tend to have a short temper , especially if i actually have to pay attention to whatever is in my way or slowing me down ( traffic is a biggie ) . as ... finding out what the true self is beyond the conscious mind , predestination and brain scans . i love rpg's in both pencil-and-paper and electronic formats . i've been playing d & d / pathfinder since ' 04 . i find it more enjoyable than any sort of rpg video game since it's all about imagination ... that's one thing i've always thought was made up . what about native americans , aboriginal australians , and other cultures that were around before any christian arrived , let alone the majority of the ... inxj i didn't get to talk to him much . but he seemed a bit more introverted than his wrestling persona . extroversion / introversion : by far the easiest to tell . see how often they're willing to socialize or hang out with others or go out to places . sensing / intuition : rather difficult to discern , but a ... speaking of wrestlers i have personally met , there's bret hart , goldberg , zack gowan , rick and scott steiner , fake sting , sexy shawn casey , and chris sabin . i didn't really get to interact ... xntp - deist , formerly hardcore christian , then i read through the bible and studied its history , seeing how unreasonable it was to believe the current state of it being the intended word of god ... i do the same thing , but i barely lift my feet off the ground and deftly sidestep anyone or anything that happens to be in my way , almost like i'm some sort of agile , hovering ... thing . xntp let's do the same thing everyone else is doing ! hmm not sure if i can fit that into my schedule i agree sir ( to someone in a higher social status who says something you disagree ... i'm excellent at visualizing things in my head , but i have difficulty copying things from the real world . for example , i'm able to come up with imaginative creatures , landscapes or machines and draw ... i like driving , as long as i can go the speed limit or a little faster , listen to some loud music . slow drivers in single lane traffic make me rage ( particularly large vehicles , can't see past ... xntp . i don't always swear , but when i do , it's in anger or to show contempt for something . i thought this was the most interesting part : #isfp : how can you make better decisions when ... | go further with ... it's supposed to help people avoid making mistakes by addressing inferior ... ford offers bloggers a myers-briggs assessment of car choices go further with ford http://media.ford.com/images/10031/Your_Personality_Driver.pdf a recent go further with ford event has used ... the biggest correlation i see is between judging / perceiving and law / chaos . their definitions are very close . good and evil can be highly subjective and vary drastically between types , but it seems ... same , except it's neck and neck with in the presence of enemies hey intp , how about getting outside the house and doing something ? you can't possibly enjoy yourself sitting in front of a computer , books , or video games all day . > _ > < _ < oh ... right . i'm an ... there's definitely a few new games out there that are challenging and complex . dark souls has already been mentioned . the batman arkham series count as well . armored core fits the bill , too , ... i'm drawn to aggressive / upbeat tunes that shift during the course of the song , unusual time signatures , and meaningful , intelligent , dissonant , or cryptic lyrics . based on these factors , ... infj , becoming more comfortable with se : dream theater - breaking all illusions http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhQKol7PFzA estp : metallica - motorbreath to me , money is freedom which requires giving up some freedom to acquire it . it's a necessity and buys happiness due to the transitive property , to a certain level . once a person is able to live ... http://a0.img.mobypicture.com/e4ae7500e34020f23c6f7e48b6a3eb6c_view.jpg my dad is left handed . i'm mixed handed . i started right handed and experimented using my left hand to do things out of curiosity and self improvement . teachers and peers tried to tell me to stick ... i have way too many games to list just one . major ones in bold . console super mario bros 3 legend of zelda river city ransom little nemo : the dream master legacy of the wizard mega man ... i was raised in a christian family . i was pretty religious during my school years , especially during high school , going to church just about every sunday and wednesday nights to a youth group .  ... xntp here , metal in general is my favorite category of music , particularly the more complex , symphonic , and melodic bands like dream theater , opeth , symphony x , blind guardian , turisas , nightwish , ... i find staying in one place depressing too , although it can be mental or phsyical . the only things that keep me in one place physically is the internet , books , daydreaming , video / tabletop games , ... i draw in a semi-realistic fashion , with elements of comic books , anime and surrealism . most of my subjects are conceptual things or characters . i haven't done anything big or posted anything in a ... tony stark , sheldon cooper , vash the stampede i generally look intimidating , being 6 ' 3 and with broad shoulders and a fair amount of muscle . my clothing choice is generally metal i . e . dark , some color , literal bits of metal , chain wallet ... i'm close to entp , and my perception - judging difference isn't that high either , maybe a 60-40 in favor of perception . they seem to make sheldon alternate between intj and istj depending on the episode . he also has his more extroverted moments . a lot of people with aspergers have traits that seem to suggest out of ... 1 : this is a website based on a psychological theory . sensors usually aren't into the theoretical . 2 : it is rumored people often mistype themselves as inuitives , since many of the tests word the ... http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/200/420/BRTky.jpg?1321408042 lol n00b stereotype vs internet tough guy stereotype . i love it . my favorite games . armored core , pre - 4 : tough , challenging , fast paced action that requires you to think in all 3 dimensions , while you have to be creative and logical in order to make a good ... i rebel when someone tells me to do something that seems like busy work or has no logical bearing . i'm a big why person and one of the fastest ways to piss me off is to say because i / some other ... i'd say sj's and nt's in general . sj's because of their respect for the rules , dutifulness , and attentiveness . nt's because we're the kind who likes learning for it's own sake . i read ahead and ... slayers . it's not a complete list , but it's a lot of the characters . lina : enfp gourry : esfp zelgadis : istj amelia : esfx rezo : infj philoinel : estp zangulus : entj gaav : istp every workplace should have a flextime schedule . this would reduce traffic jams and rush hour as well as improve the overall health of people due to not restricting themselves to alarms . profit ... my group . xntp ( me , usual gm . i play a wide variety of characters but i like wizards , rogues , and other intelligence based classes the most . i research and design ( often mathematical based ) ... '