' i totally get this . and , barring becoming a completely different human being , there isn't anything you can do about it nor should you . i work in a very extroverted environment and i have struggled ... today was a terrible day . i stepped outside this morning and saw a little mouse next to the curb . i walked over to it and it didn't run away , but i could see it breathing . i nudged it with a stick , ... i suppose it depends on ones definition of life and death . being a child of god and believing in the promise of salvation through jesus christ , i define them this way : life is god's love and ... i like killing flies interview with a superhero restrepo i watch lots of documentaries and the three above are ones that had a strong emotional impact on me . yeah , his work is not bad when he stays on task . the problem is that the job is largely autonomous and therefore requires more initiative and none of the bosses at the other office are big on ... thanks for the replies and opinions . i suppose i have a hard time with anything like this because 1 ) i'm not very good with other people and 2 ) i hear the adage of if you point your finger at ... nah , no name-calling or anything :D he did seem to take it well and part of me also felt bad because , as is the nature of any office job without many internet restrictions , lots of people fuck off ... i'm having a hard time winding down after a situation this afternoon ... it's not even that big of a deal the more i sit and think about it , but things have just been building up . i have an ... welcome ! ! where are you from ? and where do you live ? i'm originally from memphis , tn , but now i live in minneapolis , mn . age ? 35 three words that could be used to describe you : quiet , depressed ... i agree and that's why i've never been able to shut the door on her even though this isn't the first time that i have wanted to . i have told her everything . i've screamed , yelled , tried to be ... i'm not sure on what you mean by enabling . i have always done all i can to be supportive of her and i have remained consistent in my opinions on things and only offer them when she asks . the ... i have done so , explicitly . she told me she felt the same way , but there are always excuses behind it all . i'm really upset right now because the young guy from down the street has come back around ... 12 and a half years is a long time . i've spent the better part of that time being fully dedicated to you , even after moving 1000 miles away to get away from you . i don't know when it happened ... i have some questions . how does se manifest in your life ? what do you think is the difference between an aux.se and inferior se ? how do you experience your ni ? is it a conscious experience ? and how ... i'm trapped in a vise . this will be long , but i need some amount of objective analysis . i have a friend of 11 years who lives in texas . i was just down visiting her this past weekend . we ... i've never dumped anyone , myself ; always the dump recipient .  . did you disappear off the face of the earth ? i do break all associated connections with that person , including any shared friends , so ... first born . i have a younger sister and younger brother . what will make me withdraw from a conversation : apparent disinterest in the topic ( from my end or yours ) insecurity about my relation with you ( i . e . , i may perceive your interest is insincere ... i'm convinced i'm an intj or maybe an infp . actually , scratch that ... i'm not really sure at all . every assessment i have ever taken , but one have always come up infj . the one exception came up ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtpFQYSA0M0 well , i'm a scorpio on the cusp of sagittarius ( cusp of revolution ) with a gemini ascendant . moon is in aries and venus is also in scorpio . in fact , my entire natal chart is full of water and fire ... surgical sound specimens from the museum of skin by fantomas from the album delirium cordia . this is the only song on that album - it's 74 minutes long . it would make a great soundtrack while ... when i'm in a good mood , i suppose i care more about how i look . i don't really do anything special , but when i'm in a not so good mood , i might not shave my face for week , as an example . i also ... if you can make that change happen or figure out a way to get there , then i'd give you my vote :) i sort of feel like everything would just have to be started over from scratch . i can't tell you ... that's not what i'm trying to say . they may very well have their hearts in the right place , but a good intent often results in negative consequence . that's why we say things like well , he meant ... oh , no doubt that some attendees to the occupy gatherings were honestly looking to enact some positive change ... it's the small group of organizers behind establishing the movement that i was ... :) yeah , it totally sounds cynical ( have a cup of pessimism ! ) because it is ! the fact is , i do want to believe in the ideal , but , perhaps because of my own personal experiences , i come to a realistic ... nah , i'm just contrasting the occupy movement against the quote in the op :) . cuz , in all honesty , i don't think their motive is really what it's cracked up to be . egalitarian would be the ... the road to hell is paved in good intentions . i really like the quote posted ; it's an , unfortunate , truth . it's like these occupy movements , for example . the organizers behind these things say ... i've been in the same boat . 11 and a half years ago , i met this girl at a part-time , second job i had taken who i was immediately drawn to and absolutely had to get to know . i'm not one to ... obviously , some twin-sided misunderstandings here . regarding the part bolded above , i wasn't saying that not everyone can be saved . of course salvation is dependent on a personal choice to accept ... i disagree . you make getting saved sound like a get out of jail free card . if that's the case , then everyone and anyone could get saved , irrespective of conflicting beliefs , as just in case ... as a rebuttal to the benefits of what is widely accepted as marriage ( i . e . , obtaining a license to do so ) , here is an interesting article concerning marriage licenses and what they actually entail ... not sure how i differ , but i have anxiety with intimate relationships . usually goes something like : see a woman i find attractive -> try to place myself in situations i can be around her , but ... i know one enfp and we get along , but i don't know that we have awesome chemistry , though . basically , she will do all the talking since , if i try to get a word in edge-wise , she will talk right over ... i'm 90 % homebody , so i'm usually hanging out there . the other 10 % is spent sitting at my favorite coffee shop on weekend mornings , reading the paper or a book , before they get really busy and going ... my mental and chronological age fluctuate wildly depending on circumstance . i can often go from deadpan serious and old to childishly goofy and playful and back again within a matter of moments ... ugh . i tend to dwell on things , so if someone pays me a compliment , i shrug it off outwardly / get embarrassed , but on the inside , i dissect it and think about it more than i care to admit ... except i ... i'm a software engineer and completely relate . i haven't skipped work ( in the 5 years i've worked here i've only missed 3 days of work related to sickness ; all other time-off were either holidays or ... i can relate to this and the way i cope with it is by reminding myself that i can only change myself ; not the world around me . we can't directly influence the world , the way we want outside of us , ... legitimate trust would be accepting a person and their motive at face value until they have transgressed that trust . however , like you , i need a sense of security before i can trust another person ... i always follow my gut ... even if it means doing something that i don't want to do . i usually end up second-guessing the gut reaction later since it is usually opposed to what i want . however , once a ... eye movements : well , i don't like making eye contact unless what i'm telling you is some serious business ( that is , i'm pissed off ) . i usually look at the floor or around the room when speaking . i ... ha ha ! it's funny that you say that , that i'm honest with myself ... because it's true ... and , often , far too honest about myself with other people . that's how i came to the realization that the ... this thread just makes me miss my esfj friend even more ... :( that's all i've got . i don't know ... i feel like i sort of come off as relaxed to other people ... until i have to speak . then , i feel like i come across as uncomfortable , but i think this is just a result of my shyness ... is pretty awesome :) and it'd be cool to meet you , too ! hrm ... i suppose others that would be cool to meet would be : perspicacious i frequently hide my feelings ( well , at least try to ) so i have sometimes felt i had more fi preference than fe , but when i sit and really think about it , i realize that i want to be more outwardly ... adding a little update to this . i've been quite diligent in keeping myself hidden from her since , based on her actions of not speaking to me / deleting me from her facebook , she has , from my ... 1 . are you concerned about your physical appearance ? i'm not overly concerned with how i look ; i'm fairly plain ( jeans and a t-shirt most of the time ) . i'm also not inclined to working out / weight ... '