' according to the order of function strengths your best fit is intp , as many other have said . i think the test should tell you that . but that test is slightly biased i've found , but that's just me . i second reverieinsight about ne-dominant users . entps and enfps probably have the hardest time living in the present , being so wrapped up about future possibilities . i know it's something i struggle ... hi all , i'm posting about a topic which i have struggled for some time with and wondered if anybody could share some thoughts . so , you can pretty much describe me as an anti-foodie . i don't get ... hello all . entp here who seems to be in some trouble . i'm in my final year at university studying dentistry . i seem to be having a lot of trouble with the people in my cohort and the nature of my ... okay , granted i haven't gone through every page in this thread , but the general sense i get is that istp guys dress for comfort and not style ( unless they have to ) so they end up looking a bit ... i'm pretty desirable . i've had no problems with people being romantically interested in me . and lemme check , yes i'm a female entp ! : o it's the ne bubbly that attracts people . when you're ... i know an istj that has this really intense stare that's unnerving . he's been told by others too , of this stare . it's like he's boring into your soul . actually , i don't hold eye contact that much ... as a generalisation , yes , most guys probably don't like a socially dominant woman . but i'm not going after most guys . i'm going after one person that i can be with that makes me happy . i don't need ... i agree with your incentive . i want to orgasm because it feels good , and there's no reason to stop trying just because i don't succeed . i never felt awkward though . i was very direct and honest and ... yes , it is hard to turn that down . but when he offers also to cook every meal for you , drive you around everywhere , act as your alarm clock to wake you up in the morning , come over to your place to ... i'm a woman and i'm not attracted to assholes . i do not like bad boys and i don't need to find someone to fix . it's too much effort to conquer a bad boy , and too much to worry about if he's going to ... number 2 all the way ! i think we want someone who is excited about life the same way that we are . yes , our interests change rapidly . what do you expect , we're entps . we treasure someone who can keep up with us , joins in ... being an entp means i pride myself on my ne-ti , which allows for lots of brainstorming , lateral thinking and creativity . it means i can be relatively good at improvising and looking at big picture ... attitude determines your happiness . not what you have . not what you lack . not if you're smart , or dumb , or innocent or not . being wise may give you a more balanced attitude towards life . there's a ... well he's at the supposed age where fe is supposed to develop . the older entps are supposed to have had some time to mellow out and mature a bit , should they choose to develop their weaker functions ... tonight , i wait in anticipation for star-struck lovers with their rose-petal lips and wind-like voices . they moan and sigh in unison , like that of a million suns colliding in heat , ... so are you saying that the fact that statistics report a high number of women who don't orgasm from sex is due to the fact that men are generally more selfish in bed , or that they don't know how to ... some of the questions seemed really rigid . came out surprisingly well , however . extraverted ( e ) 79 % introverted ( i ) 21 % intuitive ( n ) 73 % sensing ( s ) 27 % soft toothbrush with modified bass technique , and yes do floss daily . fluoridated toothpaste , unless you're anti-fluoride ( not going to have this debate today ) . 6 monthly dental check-ups and cleans , ... is it hard for sjs to let us do our thing though ? i was raised by an sj , and i've not gotten that kind of treatment at all . i think it's tainted my perceptions of relationships with sjs . if they're ... typology type extroverts , depends on their other functions , i suppose . i have troubles with fi , but i try so very hard . social extroverts ? depends . either i withdraw into my little shell , or we ... this . plus teabagging . and probably trying to aim some other substance over the bushes too . yes , i had that morph . i mistyped as an intp for the longest time . don't know how people can mistype as an intj though . their functions are all different from ours . however , i think for my case it ... apparently entps have high standards for who they consider friends . if you think about it , most of us are looking for a mind mate to play with . someone who can keep up with our antics , appreciate us ... have you found j types to be domineering over other people's lives ? i can understand if a j type wants to keep to their own structure , but would they try to drag the p type into it too ? surely there ... be happy and have fun while you're here . yes , i attract emotionally screwed up people . but everyone is somewhat screwed up . i'm just easy to talk to , and i find out everyone's secrets . but it's annoying , because i feel like i'm surrounding ... this is funny , because i thought everyone was going to blab about how they're so popular and charming , but no ! likewise , few friends , many acquaintances . i don't have a permanent group of people i ... i should print this out and frame it . i wish my type existed so i could have a more appropriate asshole description . surely there's heaps of negatives to point out in an entp . if i have managed to seize or create an opportunity where i engage with someone / something that captures my interest , the environment doesn't matter too much . it can be distracting and annoying , and ... i plan for the future , but thankfully my perceiving nature recognises that life is so unexpected and volatile that , well , just take it as it comes . i have ideas of where i'd like to be at , but i'm ... lol , fuck her . fuck it . fuck everything . idk , anger makes me get over shit . dunno how the istp does it though . just no talking to her then . it's better if she's out of your life for good . starts ... if you keep chasing her , she may just run away completely . already she's started to withdraw . i think you've shown her enough that you care about her , but if you come off as clingy she might freak ... i do completely agree that each individual is different , no matter how we may attempt to categorise the human psyche . but within the context of this discussion , being on a forum focused on ... maybe that's proof you can still be surprised by how others react , then . :p personally i didn't see why you'd be so annoyed by something as simple and as ordinary as the fact of having to deal ... what do you mean si-users get you down a lot ? yay for 7w8s ! i'm relatively new to enneagrams though , still need to sort the rest of my tritype / instincts out . hahaha , it's a bit disheartening to ... i think your attitude toward life greatly influences how you experience it , regardless of the situation you're in . if you think there's nothing left to learn , then you'll continue to learn nothing ... i thought the theory is that you attempt to develop your inferior functions later in life . there's a constant tug-of-war of the dominant and inferior functions , but if the dominant is allowed to ... goodness , what is it with everyone and being able to schmooze their way out of things ? but granted , i haven't been lucky to get freebies or anything but i don't think i've gotten into trouble that ... regardless , i think it's still beneficial to be able to manoeuvre social situations with grace . the people that you surround yourself with do have an impact on your behaviour and thoughts . while it's ... adamstone 1 maybe i should stop trying to fix broken people and try surround myself with the positive , confident ones . but somehow i feel intimidated by people who show no flaws . i'm quite aware of ... zobot very interesting analysis , but i hope that applies to entps too , like me . :p my fe isn't great , but it's workable . oftentimes i do have trouble picking up on why i'm upset and need to sit down ... thorweeps i wish i could tell you . i haven't met many of my own type . i think entps aren't too plentiful , particularly female ones . i can be found in almost any sort of setting and playing any sort ... i think that everything you've said is very true . it's a shame because she is a nice person , and yes , her simplicity is charming and easy to deal with . but her problems do outweigh her positives . as ... what do you think would be the catchphrase for each mbti type ? i often find myself going i'm bored , which seems a bit entpish considering how we pursue many interests and are always trying to ... does that mean when two individuals with low ranking fe get together that they can tune in on the other's emotional wellbeing before they know of their own ? just thought of my istp and how even ... i don't always use outdated english terms , though on occasion i throw a couple in because i feel like it . when i speak , i use words that are often used in writing and hardly ever spoken . people ... caffeine and benzodiazepines are my drugs of choice . not really for highs or anything , but just to regulate my sleep / wake pattern . i will not be surprised if i do end up abusing these drugs at some ... '