' 1 : isfp 2 : girl 3 : youngest 4 : i'm a visual-kinaesthetic learner , probably visual more so but both are important 5 : which three of these do you enjoy most ? : creative activities , social ... my friend was wearing fuzzy boots and let me reach down and touch them in my excitement / distraction :P i spent many years believing i was an isfj , with occasional considering that i was an infj but going back to isfj . then i passed fairly quickly through esfj and enfj before landing on isfp . isfj ... i first got isfj , and was subsequently sometimes getting infj , sometimes isfj , had big debates with myself , settled on being a sensor with help from a friend . less than a year ago i realized ... sleeping in , no bad dreams , actually woke up feeling rested and ready to face the day :) if anyone's still looking for isfp youtube videos : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DRNbPbcSRk this is me reading something i wrote from the perspective of susan years after the events covered in ... i'm trying . truly , i am . it's just so much harder than you'd think from the outside and it has been for a long time . dear intp , so , apparently , according to some type theory , we're supposed to be an enigma to each other . that would explain a lot . sincerely , isfp / this reminds me of my fond childhood plan of building a house made out of bubble wrap in the jungles of brazil . i rarely keep a journal with any daily regularity for more than a few weeks at a time ; sometimes i write several times a month , sometimes not for months . i do find the process of sitting and ... same :) more on topic to the original post : it depends on what it is i'm trying to analyze / take apart and from what angle . in general , though , if you want it to be reeeally deep and philosophical , i might ... conversationally , i'm better at giving a short-and-to-the-point summary of what someone else is saying than at saying something concise myself ( concise is definitely not how i would describe my ... that makes sense ! when i initially got typed , i had a group of friends also interested in personality types , and we all thought i fit isfj just fine , but none of their types were isfj or isfp , so ... indeed ! i don't think i've had the pleasure of meeting a fellow isfp in real life . oh goodness ... i don't think there is anything wrong with being an intj but i am sure an isfp acting or feeling ... hey , fellow previously confused person ! ! i don't think that's precisely how i'd word what happened with me , because my behavior to an extent matched up as well , although greater self-awareness is ... i don't think type changes over the years either . i'm not claiming to * be * a different type now than i was as a child or when i first took the test ( and i never took any mbti test as a child ) , and i ... hello and welcome to all these new infps ! don't worry too much about being a little shy or awkward . i'd bet many of us who hang out much on internet forums feel that way :p roud : hello and welcome ! while i am sure you will hear differing opinions on this forum as well , i am inclined to think that one's type doesn't really change , although the type one appears to be ... haha . no , that doesn't sound like anything i've been ever in my life ( sarcasm ) ( it actually sounds like definitely part what i was in certain chunks of my childhood ) . although i don't think that is a ... i've been lurking in the isfp forums since it was suggested in a cognitive functions discussion that i might belong somewhere in sfp-land . i read ( ok , in some cases skimmed ) through the entirety ... emotionally fragile : handle with care . if i run and hide upon seeing you , it's not personal i'm just scared of everything ! ! ! i actually really love people , don't be fooled by the above behavior and ... hmm , interesting . most of my college friends were intuitives , and i tended to feel inferior around them because a ) if we were working on the same homework together friend a always seemed to be many ... do you ever find it wearing to have been around people too long ? you stated you find it wearing to be around too many people , or with someone you don't feel quite comfortable around , but not that any ... hmmm . i like to think in terms of the cognitive functions for typing as it gets more specific ( can you tell i'm a sensor , lol ) . so reading your first post , i was looking for whether there was more ... in cognitive function speak , intp would be introverted thinking / extraverted intuition as the first two functions ; istp would be introverted thinking / extraverted sensing ( someone correct me if i'm ... dear personality cafe member people , i love personality type information so i've actually lurked around this forum quite a bit over the past few years ( only sometimes , we're not talking daily habit ... '