' young enough to still find my laughter lines charming . :p roud : master of all time random thought is random . no idea you guys talking about . or : just tell her in a non-pissy manner that you need some alone-time , but will be available to chat with her in , say , half an hour . it's called compromising . worked wonders with my mom , too . i confess that i lie on polls . i also confess that i'm a mediocre pen friend . is it ? sounds passive-agressive to me . i'm no good at typing others , but my experiences on this forum tell me that even within a single type ( my corpus being the intjs here ) there is a great deal of variation . so , even though the shared ... i enjoy both . dry humour ( wit , clever use of language , deadpan humour ) will make me laugh out loud , whether i hear it or read it . it's also the kind of humour i cultivate myself . for me , it's like a reflex . i can no longer count the number of times my mother read me a newspaper article , usually ending with a variaton of ' how could anyone do that ' , and my immediate response ... that's actually the first angle on altruism i've ever heard that could tempt me to give it a try . and on that topic : you figure out plot twists long before anyone else does ( dampening the excitement about their discovery quite a bit ) . quod erat demonstrandum :p roud : this . it's exactly what goes on in my head . that's an ideal group you're describing . personally , i've yet to see one of those . group dynamcis fascinate me , because you see so many patterns repeat themselves ( just join a few clubs and ... bliss ! but we should employ ghostwriters or , better yet , use other people's loveletters in the first place . this way , we can enjoy the kick , but direct the scorn for the mistreatment of grammar ... i keep hearing females preen about their ( supposed ) superiority over males because of their ( apparently ) magical powers of multitasking [ add glitter , sparkle and costume change at will ] . leaving ... rawrrr ... : blushed : : laughing : this forum still spooks me sometimes o_o . i had the same experience only very recently and since the person in question was blatantly unwilling to evolve in any direction ( much less the one i ... i've just been accused of not being open about things that annoy me about a person who considered themselves in a loose friendship with me , and of suddenly , and in written form , burning the bridge ... i could tell you what i've had people tell me before : variations of ' you're still young ' , ' there's plenty of time for it to happen ' , ' it'll happen when you least expect it ' , and so forth . but those ... well , i certainly wouldn't mind that . but i won't be holding my breath either ; i have plenty of other uses for it now . : wink : for me the trick is to make the rational decision not to act while i'm furious , find a secluded space where i can analyze the hell out of my fury and then make a rational and logic-based decision how ... well , it is a question of technique . and size . doormatdom in general is pretty off-pissing , i'd say . indeed . it just took me a while to realize that . for the longest time i was just too focused on finding a partner , because only with him life could be worthwhile ( or so the reasoning went ) . these ... i'm with you two . because of it , i decided a while ago that instead of waiting for that future to happen ( by which i mean : that person to appear ) , i'd take my life in my own hands and make it one ... i see your farters and raise you the cigar smokers ... dick waving assholes . i confess that i've been humming dr . horrible songs on and off and at the oddest moments for the last three days . in fact , 100 should be the only number that can . : wink : and , fittingly , here goes my own post #100 . yeah , that's me . i even wear pants ( * gasp * ) instead of skirts ! happy to oblige . : wink : now , how's that for attractiveness ? : wink : i don't know about easily , but here's what i do . my own mathematical and basic physics skills are either rusty or forgotten , so there's work to do if i decide to try and understand the acutal ... i beg to differ . as an intensely private person myself , i can see very good reason not to add anyone as a ' friend ' who you don't consider a friend irl . but in that case you'll have your answer , too , ... this is exactly how i deal with my feelings and it's working very well . i also feel lucky to have found a person to occasionally bounce my results off of ; it helps me check if my perspective is ... no , but if i like you , i'll tell you what i did and you can write it in your own words . i know the problem and have been through the process ( including the overcompensation ) , but i came out alright at the other end . it may take some time , but it can be done . yeah , i figured as much . : frustrating : sorry i really don't have any wisdom on that , besides ' knowing the problem is the first step to solving it ' . i avoid working in groups . but that's not necessarily because i expect too much of others . quite the contrary , really . naa , that's fine . getting insulted is totally not intj : laughing : ah , but wisecracking probably is ... i lose . he's probably just shy , glitter girl ! but make him see that you only use your glitter for good and not for evil and he will totally fall in love with you , too ! only one ' thanks ' for my previous post . and that's almost 30 minutes ago . don't you guys like me ? why don't you guys like me ? was it something i said ? something i didn't say ? you're all so ... how awesome is that ! i just joined facebook and have , like , 500 new friends already ! ! ! 111 what lirulin said . : happy : i do apologize . :p roud : no , i won't . i'm also rapidly tiring of this game of yours , so i'll stop feeding you as of now . well , since you ask so nicely . wait a minute ! is this you ' managing ' us ? let's recall for a second : huh , i'm not impressed . :d ry : '