' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKHL9Sr-OS8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_gi_sP0UvI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34thwBLMe4g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIDqt2aUek https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gxNW2Ulpwk here are my best guesses , but i haven't watched the play-throughs in months . season 1 lee : istj clem : infx kenny : estj i used to listen to this song a few years ago , and just started listening to it again recently . i must have listened to this song 1000 times this week . my new old obsession ! :) ... i guess it would suck relative to your views , but perhaps in their world , to not worry is just much more stressful than worrying . people don't normally put themselves in situations of higher stress ... well , it's unfortunate that bad apples make us look this way . i'd say a healthy infp wouldn't behave this way , but it does seem like a lot of infp's are unhealthy and they do do a lot of things that ... how are they different ? and how are 5w4 different from 4w5 in general ? thanks . i thought it was ironic that the individualist was the majority of the poll haha . oraphel this song sounds like someone full of regret about a past relationship . he sounds like he's been in complete despair after realizing what he had taken for granted . it's a very emotional song ... hmm , let's see .. me , myself , and i . those are the only 3 people you really should care about . in this life , no relationship can be permanent but the one you have with yourself . it's hard to push ... i'd have sex with myself just to see how it would be . other than that , i'd leave my clone to its own devices . if our personalities are identical , we'd probably agree to part ways but keep in contact , ... i love intp's , they are so funny and witty . when i interact with intp's it feels like we're playing ping pong with ideas , they keep bouncing back and forth . ti is very intriguing and insightful ... perfectly said . i feel the same way , just couldn't word it . i cannot agree more with this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPqEkhW0myw i'm an infp , and here is my list : intp infj intj entj enfj it seems like your need to identify is giving you problems . maybe you should stop trying to find an identity and just be . think about things you like , don't like . people you like / don't like . what ... enfp . your post is swimming in fi . :) the more you try , the more she will resist . it's almost futile when it comes to trying to convince estj's otherwise xd they have to come to it on their own . that's a pretty bold statement to make . sensing / intuition are just preferences , so i don't agree with this statement . however , i do find that intuitives can understand sensors more easily than ... this all sounds so ni and fe to me . you are certainly an infj without a doubt ! i agree with what the other people who said infj have posted . i agree with hoopla , you seem to be an xsfp , although i lean towards isfp more . hello , i am an enneagram 5w4 . i am also very introverted . i have very strong fi , but i tend to be logical unless i'm prompted to reveal my personal bias on something . this is not difficult for me ... can you elaborate on the dynamic of your friendship with this infj ? it would be interesting :) i don't believe in destiny on the sole basis that destiny has not been proven to be a real force ( it probably can't be proven ) . to a certain extent , we do control our futures , but external forces ... your grandmother must mean the world to you , and you to her :) i agree with you that a friend will make you feel better and more understood ! it doesn't even have to be many friends , it can just be ... i definitely did not mean that kind of help . i don't really believe in drugs as a cure for people's physical and mental health either . i did see what you said about how those drugs have affected you ... you're shooting down the prospect of professional help before even trying it . you put your standards on everything so high and distinct that nothing will be enough for you . as a fellow infp , i would ... don't know , but that sounds like a really cool idea and i would probably read something like that ! the difference between a relationship and a friendship is the romance . it just isn't there , so it wouldn't be fair to go into this with her unless she knows exactly what you are in it for . the best ... did you even stop to wonder : what do you even get from getting revenge then ? you're becoming a nastier person by treating others badly . you were hurt by people that betrayed you , so what kind of ... have you ever considered whether you're an ambivert ? ( someone who is borderline introvert & extravert ) eb44345 made some great points ! i also thought you were isfp . uh ... khakis . hello , entp's ! i decided to come to you guys for this , because it's pretty much your specialty . for those of you who have gotten hit on , what are some good comebacks ( what was the pickup line , and ... i think being cold is just a side effect of your loneliness . sounds to me like in an ideal world , you would like to have someone to share your feelings of ideas with , but you are scared to take ... i shed a tear to this , because as an infp , one thing i value so much is for someone i care about to be positively influenced in a deep and meaningful way by our relationship . sometimes we feel like ... because why the hell not ? being vindictive means that you certainly are not over the person you are feeling that way towards . it hinders personal growth and development . i think it is somewhat natural be angry at the person ... i like the first one the most because i want someone to blow my mind and make me think in a way i never have before . i'd start getting used to someone who is # 2 or # 3 after a while , but i think i ... i would say that it's something you can quantify for yourself once you get a good grip on what dictates each cognitive function . you could also take cognitive function tests to see your percentages , ... very nicely articulated . i was thinking this too but could not word it . i could not agree more . yes , indeed they can be drawn to each other that way , too . i don't think there's a proper correlation between intelligence and happiness because other factors affect mood . someone can be incompetent and happy if they accept their circumstances and someone ... it's likely a good match in terms of two people getting along well , but i think an intuitive and sensor is not an ideal pairing because they may not get each other as well as a pair of 2 intuitives ... grandma - esfj grandpa - isfp mother - isfj father - istp brother - e / isfj me - infp cousins ( around my age , all males ): esfp , ixtp , istp , isfj i want to stop being afraid to take opportunities . ' cause i want it all , but all of it ain't gold . i'm a work in progress . it really depends on the person . if it's someone near and dear to me like my best friend or my mother , i might be uncomfortable and visibly want to escape the situation , but i guess if it was someone ... '