' love is a crazy thing . se is our best form of communication , but that does not always work . and inferior te is painful . so , i won't leave my wife . i can't change her . the pain is just part of ... i love my isfp wife of almost 21 years but i wouldn't marry her again , i believe . when it works it is amazing . but communication is extremely difficult . she hates abstract thinking so it ... best of luck . very sad . hope you make it back in the future ... lol , love is a foolish thing . i could never have made it if i had a good childhood and was psychologically health for those 20 years . so , being closed off emotionally , in denial , and ... then you know . romance with one is a very different thing , though . all the trouble comes with amazing good sides ... and the intensity just is like pure gold . she has so much buried emotions ... if you can handle the turmoil and drama and pain , you get an amazing amount of love and pleasure and happiness and joy . it is the intensity of a supernova at times . i wouldn't wish it on anyone . no , just an ignorant and foolish one . because of my childhood , i was messed up enough not to see myself clearly . i craved intensity of feeling . and i have been burned by it too much ... yep , very avoidant . i dealt with it by denial for many years . then had it all break through a year ago in an avalanche of pain and suffering . so , a combination of tremendous personal growth and ... i know i am strongly pulled to fi doms and auxs . i married a isfp and almost exclusively dated fps before my wife . happy birthday . i have a enfp sister and a infj sister . i have a enfp sil and a infj bil . i have a very good friend who is a enfp . my infj sister and i think very similarly , but she is so much quieter and has ... i just want to add that the official mbti has been verified as accurate and that people who test in the same type share the same traits . in gifts differing , it states that each type shares traits ... i don't do group think . i feel the nature of the individuals of the group and tailor my words for minimized conflict and maximum benefit . i feel no difficulty championing my own issues , even ... fe is about feeling in the exterior environment . it is all about the feelings of others in the group or individually . this very different from the fi user . fi users can reference the feelings of ... work on expressing your feelings for him . validate him . praise him ( all honestly , of course ) . external validation is really important . the more he gets from you , the less he may need to get it ... from my experience , i didn't know i lacked self-love , thanks to my messed up childhood . i was so smart about everything else but clueless about myself . because my parents emotionally neglected me , ... as a recovering over helper ( who still struggles not prioritizing the needs of others ) , i would suggest helping him develop self-love . once an enfj learns to love them self more , they can say no ... growth path for fjs is to turn fe inward and develop their inner feelings . whether that is shadow fi or fe turned inward , i suspect it isn't much different . personally , i have been working on ... i am stressed by the direction of the country and the election . i love discussing politics , but not as much online and would never do it on facebook . far better to separate the worlds . in ... been a long hard road ... as a child , i was told how bright and insightful i was . i thought i needed to be a cold thinker , spock like . so i thought i needed to be distant and chatter inside my ... my enfp friend and i are very similar , getting to the same place , but in opposite ways ... oh , the social pressure to conform ... not . ... anyway , i need external validation . if i get stuck in my head , ti just messes me up something awful . i need to communicate . chat with nearby passengers if they seem like they want that . give them space otherwise . read . sleep if i can . i am not on any meds . i likely should be , lol ... my wife has family history of cardiovascular disease . she had a major stroke in her early 20s before we met . she had a mini stroke last month . she always told me she felt she would die young ... i ... ok , i more than a few times have had women ( & men ) act like i am romantically interested in them , which usually results in them aggressively pursuing me when i have no interest . i am friendly to ... i was always known for being super bright as a young kid and always was in gifted classes . but there was a point about 12 when friends and acquaintances started to mock me with a nasty nickname that ... yes . sx , then so . i am pretty sure i am a 9 first . i had a major crisis in my life last year , which sent me on the path of healing . using the enneagram health levels , i most clearly aligned ... hmmm , i am comfortable being quiet at times . i didn't start talking until i was almost 4 . i remember being 11 on a long car ride with my aunt and we started talking and she said , i never remember ... can a 9w8 be talkative and active ? i fit the rest of the description and i know it is my anger fix , but i am just not a quiet nonobtrusive guy . i am instead pretty vocal ... i used to be ... as someone in a isfp-enfj relationship , i wonder if a enfp or infp would have been better . where we struggle is communication . she is so sensory , it makes things very hard , especially her dislike ... i used to type as a infj . i was certain i was an introvert . a few things helped me see the difference . first , enfjs are quick to react , infjs are slow to react . second , enfjs are ok with more ... in part ( thank you , avoiding dad and unattached mom , plus my wife ) . but it is also accepting that we need to love ourselves rather than hope someone else will . focused on other's needs , we so ... unfortunately , no one will understand . no one will care about you like you care about them . at some point , you need to stop looking outside for validation . instead , you must focus on meeting ... i determined i was a enfj rather than infj by looking at the inferior function . http://personalitycafe.com/enfj-forum-givers/76757-recognizing-inferior-function-enfjs.html ... the nfj co-dependency trap is real . accommodate and give , excuse and give more . find a super needy person but even then you give up too much . their expectations are reasonable , even if one-sided . ... what was the book ? i have grown a beard twice and liked it for a day or two then shaved it off quickly ... it bothered me too much , i kept touching it ... not my thing as i read this , i see a lot of denial . you claim to have been emotionless when you quit the play , but that was classic emotional retreat . you hoped for and planned for disaster . instead her ... yes . yes . yes . my brother and i have a great relationship now , crazy enough . i have forgiven him , though he has never asked for it . i finally only told him off at 25 when i got married . my ... my enfp friend says we can't be faulted for our choices when we are young . we are just that , young , disrupted many times by childhood . but when we are closer to middle-aged , there are fewer ... bipolar . i suspect it was a lot of my father's fault . he is a istj and very avoidant . he decided after being married two years he made a mistake and hated the marriage . he pushed my mom away , ... sorry for the unwanted advice . i will cease dispensing such . well , i have empathy in bucket loads for you , given my issues and problems . my biggest is the enormous hole deep inside that ... seeker , that is quite the pattern and your mom really did a number on you . now the you are empowered to break the pattern , i feel you can be true to yourself . i can't believe you had so many anal ... seeker , you have quite a collection of messed up exes . i hope you can find a nice , well adjusted problem free guy this next time ... any patterns in the past relationships that might help you ... i have never led someone on purposefully . they might misread signals . i am a very friendly guy , but this sometimes gets confused with flirting . usually , i am just interested in the person , their ... there is the rub . my wife can be happy wife and helpful and friendly and kind and etc . , but she has never apologized gor anything or recognized she did anything wrong . she doesn't remember any of ... having read these new posts , there are types that do a lot of memory rewriting to only fit their current narrative , making themselves look good to others . my istj father has a completely illusionary ... thanks for sharing your therapy experience . i had never gone on my life , not thinking i needed it . i would like to try eft with my wife , once she can start talking about us without getting ... the enfj ex of my enfp friend refuses to do therapy ... one of the reasons he is her ex . she went to therapy after 10 years of marriage and got healthy and he didn't like it , refused to go himself . ... '