' the duck is named zeus . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5sTBrs4fhQ nope , see traits of mammalian predators : 4h.uwex.edu/pubs/showdoc.cfm?documentid=30269 all humans are predators . it's why we have eyes in the front of our head ... so we can judge the distance to our prey . prey animals typically have eyes on the side of their heads so i would venture ... the sociopath next door by martha stout are you god ? no are you sure ? ducati ... red i had a girl friend who was from caguas i was attempting to give an engagement speech in spanish in front of her family and grandparents . i said the equivalent of thank you for allowing me to ... the friend zone seriously sounds like something someone made up to sell books . perhaps my viewpoint is different as an entp is naturally both particle and wave . thus we defy static definition them : leaving your house because u r not there like u said u would be r u o k me : k them : k your ok or k your coming to meet me me : k it's fine that your leaving my house them : u r a ... kids = seeds of hope a friend wrote me this today which felt pretty awesome . i immediately felt comfortable in your presence - it was almost like no one else was in the entire place and everything was just as it ... i did this it was pretty awesome before the apartment burned to the ground . i trimmed your what's most important down a bit . hope you don't mind as to how do you deal with this . i would suggest that you take some of that anxious energy you are spending worrying ... exactly once ... i would suggest being yourself in all situations and at all times increased dopamine . pachelbel's canon in d 300 years ... still going strong . when i was five , i sleepwalked up to the balcony railing outside my bedroom and peed down into the living room where my parents where watching tv . diversity ... i find the emotional ones tend to also be more passionate . there are trade offs with how much i will put up with depending on the nature of the relationship and my desire or lack thereof to maintain ... the thought police will be able to monitor your mind by reading brain wave patterns . thinking about insurrection will insure you are sent for rehabilitation . after three strikes of thought crimes ... minor dilation of the eye pupil observed during sex imagination is the first step to discovery i thought that was just normal and everyone does that . i run virtual vmware sessions so way no matter what happens if it gets screwed up i just close the session and restore it to it's former state ... poof it puts it back the way it was . definitely yes ... probably entp i stay up for a couple days at a time quite often but overall i normally sleep from about 3:00 am until 7:30 am . if i find myself working on something interesting , i'll stay awake until 5:30 am ... the advice i give is normally sound although how the person perceives it varies on what they want to hear almost as much as what was actually said sounds normal . just don't stay awake for over 3 days at a time ... odd things can happen to your perceptions baked alaska with a side of blue berries isn't bad id want a heads up display in my vision or perhaps even just on my car windshield as i drive . porcelain teeth would be nice i have them half done currently . thumb print debit card would be cool after all 26 true letters is a bit limiting : laughing : what's an entp to do when your thoughts hit the glass ceiling of evolution ... push on like always ... evolve your thoughts into new patterns to accommodate the human needs of society and make this ... i like my body it does a good job taking care of me as bodies go . it's comfortable and makes a nice seat on which to think . my teeth could be a bit whiter but all in time they do an adequate job ... i can speak to this as an entp . i have withdrawn at times solo for weeks speaking to not a soul . normally this is because i have gathered all the needed information from my normal interactions with ... i walk around in my boxers all the time sounds normal to me . while i may be somewhat bareassed i am never embarrassed so to speak . i forget stuff all the time but not completely i still ... grads to you congratulations ! ! ever lay on your back and look up at the stars ? i did this last night while talking on the phone and found it an amazing experience . some look to other people for comfort . last night i ... with me if the goal is worthy the work no matter how hard it looks becomes pleasure . with the right goal and motivation i can make the impossible possible through intense focus and dedication to the ... going vorpal on hyras ideas is going to be interesting tonight ® * reaching out * tonight i would use a fushion reaction to light the way to a vorpal dawn tommorow might be different vs : laughing : i answer i yeah i is like that in all regards though not illiterate as it might seem i skipped university almost entirely and moved directly into thought anyway i only missed one detail . i would be ... the bell is in between the box and the door if not i'll create one to share with all . i almost peed so you blind the bear and trick him to hunt and gather the sandwich while you hunt and gather the supplies you need after you used him to free you from the room ... : shocked : ... your last good ping-pong ball fell down into a narrow metal pipe imbedded in concrete one foot deep . you have two lemon bars , three sandwich's and a glass of water . q1 . how do you get the ... * whispers * he isn't blind is he ? perhaps he will invent a plan like sealing himself inside a giant box closing his eyes and hoping someone takes him inside when the doorbell rings ... of course who's ... '