' i do not as a rule follow trends because they do not always suit me - however i really like the fashions , hairstyles and makeup of the 1960s , which has come back in a modified form today - though ... i never worry about it either . if people look at me funny-like , i just laugh and say - talking to myself again - must be going crackers , it is just life and the way it is today . we seem to be ... i do not like shoes with pointy toes , like you i think they look a bit spiteful or mean , also i used to trip over the point as it you give an unreal sense of space and balance - also bad for your ... ... and i pull a face - - when i look in my mirror and go omg . : crazy : hi - - rofl - ever done it in front of the mirror ! : laughing : good way of putting it ! : wink : you have so much wisdom in you . wish more thought the way you do . : happy : thank you for your insight on the subject . you really have given it a lot of thought . i do the same sometimes , and just go round in circles , and i fail to understand how a loving god could allow ... i agree - it is the parents who give the unconditional love - not the kids ! ! ! they tend to demand it and think of it as their right . : cool : i follow you now ! thanks - i'll laugh with you - and try not to take mysel too seriously , maybe it is because we are a bit unsure . now i'm being pathetic ! : blushed : i am a bit puzzled about idontdiiit trylieknike's long reply . is she talking of herself and disliking the traits of infjs when she is an infj herself . people of all types tend to change views and ... i have no idea . i'll wait and see what other thinkers will come up with , then maybe i'd understand it a bit . thank you . your reply and thoughts on the matter are so wise and it is such a brilliant answer . you are right in all of the things you say , but we need the wisdom to be able to discern these ... yep - i don't believe in worshipping statues of gods , the catholics bow before the altar when they enter church , and at easter they have a ceremony called adoration of the cross where the people ... thanks . i understand that answer because it does not involve all the jargon scientists use . i think you have much more enquiring minds and want to explore bit by bit how things work , which ... thank you . your theories are all so complicated for me to really understand and the more i find that questioning the hows , the whys etc poses yet more questions that it seems impossible to find ... i have no real personal beliefs in any of the religious doctrines , other than i believe there is some super force / power that has created the earth and its planets , . it is a wondrous thing to me ... i sometimes wonder whether some types use a mask or disguise . i like to be open about all things but not in an offensive way . so someimes i find i have to say nothing , or just agree without getting ... such a truthful response . i don't know why either . is it because we feel unsure internally . i hate it just as you do . if i try to make some sort of response or join in , people ( maybe othe types ) ... i find that one train of thought leads so easily into another - sometimes i wonder that what comes out at the end of it had anything to do with the beginning of it ( i . e . thought ) it is : crazy : a kind ... that is nice ! i will try and learn from this . a lot of it applies - i feel that being an infj we worrry about upsetting the internal equilibrium , and foresee disaster a mile off - if some sort of ... guilty ! ! at least i know it . we like to be needed and yep we do like to be loving . someone once called me a clinging vine - that really upset me , but it made me think a bit . i do not know why ... that is nice ! from what you say about intps being spooked and attacked at watering holes , could not the intp ( being aerial ) fly off in time before the attack occurs , or would the intp be duped by the ... i like seahorses as well , they are so pretty . as a child i thought they were just fairytale creatures and did not realise that they actually do exist . there are so many beautiful , jewel like ... tactics and strategies - are they not very similar - or is strategy a plan , and tactics the method of putting them into action . if this is the case , what happens if a person can be strategic but not ... hi everlea thank you for your response . i lke to think i'm a feline type but am supposed to be according to the perseus system aerial and a skylark . well that is nice too - but sort of does not ... also vertigo , similar to seasickness which is like the effect when riding on the big dipper - throwing ourselves off balance .. compulsion to satisfy the senses like drinking seawater , so yes as you ... thank you for explaining .. i see what you mean by the learning thing i . e . some learn by rote but do not understand , whereas some others might learn more slowly and use their internal ... [ color = magenta ] i do not believe that seeing is believing . we need to use all our senses to be able believe something as actual / real . we are being duped so much of the time as to what we should ... what do the x . s stand for e . g . magpies in cops and robbers . pigs are very like the human from their internal anatomy , that is why so many transplants are from pigs . a pet pig can be quite seet if ... [ cats have a degree of echo-location and so do dogs . they can pick up on sounds not audible to the human ear . this was proven in an experiment on joanna lumley's tv programme catwoman where she was ... [ are your dreams in colour or black and white . my dreams are always in colour - don't why . some only ever dream in black and white . i have never ever had a dream that involves animals . the worst ... little birds are cute , they can spot lions and wovles from their flight among the clouds and thus avoid . flying across the oceans they can dip and and take a little fish to sustain them they can ... i sometimes wonder if am a bit that way inclined too as keep changing things around if they do not look ~ ~ ~ quite right . i am highly organised and tidy . ~ chaos bothers me and i have to sort ... a very wise animal indeed . must be for an intp . much more astute and wary . like it , thank you . : cool : the wolverine . americans and brainwashing - not only americns , all govts . all media ... that is a good one , but need to know more about entps . : unsure : i love cats too - i am a real softee for their endearing ways . : wink : if one puts any creature on a scalding hot tin roof they'd want to get away from it p . d . q . a cat returns loyalty or maybe knows where it is better off . skylark is nice though because we can fly over ... is the somebody else not a man then ? animals cannot compose compatibility charts because they cannot do maths the way man has been taught by man to do learn maths . yet maybe they can , as thinking ... a pussy cat . because they are independent , loyal , don't ask for much other than food and a little bit of loving . they are real cool creatures . very noble and always adored by the ... how does the maths come into it . where do you get the figures from . are they formed from the numbers of the letters in the alphabet in straight form viz . a = 1 and z = 26 . why did you multiply intp ... all the time indoors and i talk to my cat . thank you for that - so really what you are saying is that one has to understand the way animal behaviours differ from each other and then this sort of behaviour can be related to the different ... what brings you to the conclusions you make with types and animals . rather like the infj being a skylark . : confused : hi again luton is about 30 miles north of london in the county of bedfordshire - straight up the m1 ( horrible motorway ) . yep i will let you know when i get a book . i wish you a happy new year . ... well oim in lu ( t ) on ! used to live in london brought up there in nw area . hubby was from east end bethnal green so learned a lot of cockney slang from him , tho he never used it himself , as his ... hi i see you are uk too - what part ? you speak when dropping the t in e . g . water what we call lazy speak or middle english , do you drop your : laughing : hs as well . what do you think about the ... hi razvan loved your reply . mock it as your teacher said - so true , the queen's english , off = orf etc , if you look at any of the old british films iei . pre 1950s , most of the actors speak in that ... '