' i like to sing . but i don't think it's because of our personality type : unsure : when i took the personality test . left brain - 52 % right brain - 48 % your left brain percentages 50 % logical ( your most dominant characteristic ) 47 % reality-based 27 % sequential 22 % linear 17 % symbolic rainbow color would be great : happy : which part of personalitycafe that you like ? this thread reminds me of avatar : the last airbender animation series . i think i want to be an earthbender . my reason : toph is awesome ! not much . most of them prefer to keep their opinion about me to themselves . they know i don't give a sh * t about it . agreed ! if robync put rainbow on the list , i'm game : happy : most of the time . i'm a moody person , and most of my friends hate me for it . your expression is so ... expressionless ... : laughing : awww ... struck some nerves , huh ? very well then . you could have fun with it . my moments of empathize usually happen when i see someone's life / physical conditions such as malnutrition people , children with disabilities , poor people , and so on . but one thing that i could ... how did you do that ? ! i need at least a whole night to recharge myself ! but when i think of it , maybe that's because i only did it once a day ... hahaha ... don't worry , it could happen to anyone . me , included : laughing : we're survived just because my friend know how to use compass and we supported him with prayers during those times ... my mom once told me that if i was thrown into a jungle with some clothes and foods , i could get out of there alive , and come back in just for fun . i think it's true , though . i went to the ... i see . i must be not read your post carefully because i thought that this nt is you : happy : sorry ... anyway , as for the nts , i have no problem if they think that they're genius or something ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P81yEdJy3fo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHx-xqs3hO8&ob=av2e ubuntu , if you value your sex life , don't you ever , ever , become a gorilla ! they have the smallest penis among the primates ! go with the elephant ! typical . / 10chars yeah . we won't have enough time to answer the expectation in society anyway . when this zombie apocalypse happen , i figure out we would be too busy butchering those zombies . noiraddict , i like the way you define si ! thanks for sharing ! hm ... me too . i found it weird to date a guy with the same personality type . different is good . as long as they don't have judging thing on their type . it kinds of freak me out . anyway , i ... distracted from topic ? very ! monotone ? a bit . but you guys make its interesting to watch : happy : i think i'm in love with you : wink : peeking some girls ? he's pretty good in concealing himself from them . but not that good to hide from us : laughing : you're right ! it spew nonsense : laughing : i like your style , though . thanks for tips ! i'm istp , though : laughing : i think i've been doing that for a long time because i just don't like to analyze people in details and judge them based on that when i just met them ... too generalized . i hate poetry , but i love music ! and guess what ? i'm still a genius ! ( ha ! ) poetry just like any other hobbies . you won't die if you don't like it , and it's definitely won't ... wow ! i just find out about this psychoanalysis term in this thread . i know nothing about it . i guess that's because i rarely analyze people , and prefer to go with my guts : laughing : don't ... is michael scofield okay ? i kinda like his brain , though . dj , i like the way you put it ! i think that's because of your confidence level is sooo ... out of the chart . women tend to fall for that ... yeah , including me : laughing : do you guys feel that ... i'm not . too much pressure on that . i'm pretty good with math and science , though . but , i don't understand one thing . for me , being genius is good . why do you feel sick of it ? is it because ... hm ... it would be hard to choose one of them . i'm pretty confident that if i could achieve everything in my life , i could find the love of my life too . it would be hard not to fall in love with ... wow ! it seems like most of istp's here are not so eager in social networking : laughing : i think the introvert thing in us is very strong , huh ? 1 . do you personally desire close relationships ? yes . i want it sometimes , but it's not a crucial need . 2 . what does a close relationship look like to you ? lots of understanding between each ... unlimited cash ? interesting . i will buy all the forests in the world , build a small house in there , and hire mercenaries to shoot anyone who tried to harm my forests and the animals inside . ... for me , it would be the oatmeal and not invented here series . very . istp's are nothing but impulsive creature . woo hoo ! ! ! you must be get the wrong women ! besides , there are so many women out there who aren't as selfish as that . the problem is , will you take your time to find them , without snatching any ... well , we have our own preferences : happy : hi guys , i just got a google + account and i'd like to have an istp circle in it . if you have any google + account , please add me to your circle , or put your link in this thread so we could add you ... i think it's about 2 weeks before i joined this forum . i'd always know that there's something wrong with me , such as : - i like to go everywhere ... alone - i don't care about what other people ... agreed ! ! ! limitless is awesome ! it would be great to have that kind of pills handy . i just can't imagine what kind of crazy problems our istp buddies created when they have the pills ... :D i've never thought that creating crazy things included in the fine arts term . but i do enjoy any fine arts that have lots of trees and green in it :D when i get angry , i usually avoid people , find a quiet place , and kick everything on my sight ! freedom of speech ? there's no such thing . now : sql server 2000/2005 / 2008 mineral makeup csi movies job hunting abroad past : severus snape character in harry potter ( he's awesome ! ! ! ) online cms zumba i work as a technical support in a local company . positives : i only work full-time for 2 weeks . i could use the rest of it to do the things that i like ! during my full-time work , i could ... double posts . see the next one :) cool ! i'm a reserved leader :D check out my personaldna report well , it seems like the are tons of awesome one liners in here ! i'll try to add mine :D are you ok ? hm . ( while putting my best you-better-be-dead-when-i-see-you-next-time expression ) ... yeah , sometimes ! that's the point when i felt totally bored doing all the routines . some things that i've done to fix it : daily sabbatical . stop doing my routine for a whole day , and ... '