' 664946 6649 54 664962 6649 86 665002 i think it's sort of similar to m83 or something electronic . it doesn't have many ( less than usual ) lyrics . i think the song has the word true in the name . i'm not sure if it is true love . i ... this is not a psychological question . i just heard a song and forgot its name and the artist and the only thing i remember is the cover of the album . it has two slightly transparent people ( guy and ... i know . what i mean is what action ? i think it does . maybe it doesn't . what does it mean ? what i mean is something that makes me make decisions . something that has an impact in my life . something that puts me in new situations anything that makes me react inevitably and interact and get off my routine . i don't have a theory . or do you mean like if i had a theory ? sorry , i thought it was . why was this thread started then ? i'm not sure what you are referring to exactly . anyways , that's a belief . i don't know . i just do . i'm not happy . that was funny but it doesn't invalidate my arguments . we have been here for a tiny period of time compared to the history of life on earth . plus , i really hope our scientific discoveries haven't ... appeal to probability affirming a disjunct - wind exists and other forms of transportation too appeal to consequences i'm not sure if i'm not repeating the fallacies . i think there are too many ... it's inductive reasoning with a lot of fallacies ... the moral decision for you . you can't tell what other people should do based on beliefs . it's like with religion . this is what i said : truth is we can never be sure about anything . all our sentences that appear to be rational are a product of beliefs . the best we can do is what we believe will have the better ... what do you mean know ? you know nothing . nobody does . experience is a very subjective and indirect method to know reality . it doesn't prove anything . that last sentence is a belief . what if plants have some sort of nervous system we aren't aware of ? truth is we can never be sure about anything . all our sentences that appear to be rational are a product of beliefs . the best we ... i actually meant how to make something happen to me externally but thank you :) next year as in the fall of 2017 :) nothing is going on . i don't know what to do . i need something to happen before i move out and go to college next year . any tips ? is it very weird that i don't feel a connection with people from my family that i don't speak to on a regular basis or even at all ? is it weird that i don't feel they are family ? is it weird that i ... i don't know . i wish i didn't need them . but i feel really useless if i am not doing something to reach a goal . i know we don't live to be useful but that's what i rationally know . what i feel is a ... i don't know how to get off my routine ... i don't know what i can do to find friends ... i don't have any goals ... i feel very inferior in the matter of activities and social life outside of school in ... please don't give up and believe you will stay this way forever . try taking care of you ( mentally ) , think about going to a psychologist and only then think about being productive . 608770 yes , but isn't there anything they have done that would make it clearer for us who to vote for ? otherwise , everyone is voting based on nothing ! they can say whatever they want to convince us ! ... i would have to disagree with your second statement . anyway , are there any reliable reasons , based on actions rather than sayings that would make you vote for trump over hillary ? is that the only reason why you would vote for trump over hillary ? god i hate this . i always forget to quote . does anybody know how to delete a post ? can you tell me why ? i'm not american either and it was very hard to search for reasons to vote for either hillary or trump . most of what i found was videos making fun of them or non-relevant ... . i said that i was ok and asked her why she asked me that . she said she thought i looked sad the day she came to pick up the computer . i'm pretty sure i didn't because i had smoked hash two hours ... great , now she saw rather depressing quotes and asked me very subtly if i'm okay ... no , i just sing for fun . i'm too embarassed to have classes where the teacher will be focused on me singing . 5th ... i know ! sometimes that happens to me too , but it is usually negative . i start thinking about how everyone just doesn't really feel you know ? they just go through life and do things and it is all so ... hello ! how do you plan to start a conversation ? do you know how to do it ? cause i don't but i would like to make a new friend here :) i haven't found out yet ... yes , i think so . too much stress just blocks me and i stop thinking like i usually do . i once took 30min to answer a question of a test just because i was stressed for taking too long to answer the ... when you believe you can make a pair of socks in ten days even though it took you a whole summer to make a scarf . are you answering what i wrote between your quotes or the sentence where i say i don't know how to work with quotes ? sorry i don't know how to work with this quote thing yet . sorry about the game of thrones reference . the god of death is someone who decides who dies . his servants kill people in his name and if they let someone live , someone else must die . so when you ... sorry about the game of thrones reference . the god of death is someone who decides who dies . his servants kill people in his name and if they let someone live , someone else must die . so when you ... thank you for answering ! i smoke weekly and i didn't smoke a lot ... i am afraid i will have another bad experience if i smoke weed because the first time this happened was with weed ... a week ago i smoked half a spliff with originally a 1cmx1cm square of hash . fifteen minutes later i started to feel the need to walk and my legs started cracking but it didn't hurt , it was just the ... vengeance = life debt , you're going to pay for it ! is said in case of vengeance . plus you have been seeing too much game of thrones . there is no many-faced god or god of death . there is no debt . you ... they are people ! there are more important things than money ! i know ! i live in portugal ! i was surprised too ! i agree with you but i still can't agree with death penalty , even in that situation . i know it seems like there wouldn't be another option but i ... . killing doesn't bring back the dead either . the purpose is not to clean the criminal's conscience , the purpose is to eliminate the wish to kill . this isn't about forgiving . that's too personal . we ... today i discovered 90 % of my class supports death penalty . those who don't support it , think death is not enough punishment and that criminals should suffer . i think that if everyone could be happy ... i was wondering if i was the only one who has problems with authority . my friends are conformists and accept everything as it is . i can't stand it when someone has more rights than me , or when ... '