no in my case i can't do that either - _ - there is not even the possibility of lying to myself for me . i mean i already know the truth deep down and i know myself so i don't even bother lying about ... someone who i adored half of my life turned out to be an entj lol so i think u guys are so cool and confident honestly i love being an infj i love my type so much but there are times that i feel gloomy as hell , feel offended , neglected or misunderstood and i can't help but to think wish i could be someone else ... i totally get what you mean .. there are times that im being a totally different person around others and i know that's not me but i feel that's better than revealing my true self - _ - when people ask ... lol i stunk too :p a proud infj here hey there . i hope now u r feeling better and there is nothing to be ashamed of - _ - all of us has those days but you know the thing about them is that they pass eventually . hang in there i guess the main reason that we try not to tell lies it's bcz simply lying is overwhelming for us ... when i want to lie about sth my head automatically starts predicting all the possible ways that i ... hey look who is here ! my sunglass baebae :p its so good to find u creeping around here lol hmmm yeah u r right * evil smiling in bg * i will become ur friend like 1000 times more even in next life babe : * * * ok ... but some people might ask why ? oh my god that's what i always say ! lol you know you are an infj when you are talking to someone and they say sth about someone or sth and u think in ur head what a cheap point of view but u just nod along and smile cause u know trying to ... so true lol that was such a wise answer lol but it won't stop me from eating u ( this is getting creepy lols ) well i guess the thing that interests me in literature generally is that u can feel human beings in it the best ... its like a window to their minds and souls . they say if u want to know a person read ... hello dear potato if u keep on being so sweet i might end of frying u lol just saying :p be careful yeah i have done that alot and i got most of them right lol ... i do it everyday while watching movies or different thing i love to type characters ... it's becoming a habbit your welcome sister <3 i wish u a romance as perfect as a collection of all romantic movies u have ever watched baby lol : * i know what u mean .. all of us need to realize that the chances of perfect romance happening are not so fat - _ - if he knows there is nothing u can do about it anymore . u did ur part and if he is the ... when you are visiting another types forum and u read a topic and u r tempted to post sth but u get freaked out that u might offend someone so u secretly creep out so no one would notice ... yeah i just ... welcome ^ ^ i like your avatar <3 which anime is it from ? if u r confused there is a chance u r an intp i have an intp friend who is always confused about this and no matter how much i tell her she is definitely an intp still no use lol anyway welcome :p hi there ^ ^ thanks for the warm welcome : * * hmmm ... well i love music ( who doesn't ? ) i like reading and watching movies and stuff ... i love to know about people and cultures in general so i spend a lot of time just going through random articles ... oh god i know how hard it is to be an infj . then we have an infj in love ! that's a whole new level of trouble ... im not sure how to give you some good advice but you see we infjs always feel like we ... hi there ^ ^ tnx :) a friend of mine told me about it and after i figured my type out it was like a whole new path was revealed to me :) it was like a year ago dear enfp bff you know it yourself how much i tried to make things ok between us ... i told u that i was wrong and i explained my side of the story like a million times for u and i thought we are ... hi fellow infj :p welcome im also new here ^ ^ thank you ^ ^ yeah let's do that friend :) my finals are in 1 week and i can't get myself to study at all > . < i wanna run away to an exam free land t_t lol i will for sure dear granny after u left me i realized how much u meant to me . i will never be the same . i hope you are in your happy place , i miss u i miss u so bad that sometimes it's hard to breathe ... plz be my ... lol i never looked at it this way i have to think about it 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infj 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) enfps . they are so fun to be around and they have pure hearts intps they ... i wouldn't save him ... someone who enjoys killing is a lost cause anyway priscilla ahn-fine on the outside when you suddenly decide to be outgoing but as soon as u leave the house u r like naaah not for me :/ hi there ^ ^ i saw ur message but couldn't reply since i still don't have 15 posts :/ i'd be honored to be your friend :) dear stranger who never shows up just know that i'm always waiting for u even if it takes forever ... a hopeless infj so i finally decided to make an account here since i have been obsessed with mbti and here is the best place to share my obsession :p erc 2 : let's be friends ! : hug :: perc 3 : ( i wanted to have a really ... im also an infj and im new here too ^ ^ i hope we can be good friends :) when you explain ur intentions to sb for like an hour and they still don't get what you really mean - _ - this happens alot and it's driving me crazy