' i can no longer socialize without analyzing people and i always want to pick at their brains to find out which personality type they are . apparently it's considered strange and i weird people ... intuitive complex interpersonal exploratory adaptive unorganized chaotic forgetful analytical empathetic that is bloody brilliant . that has been one of the most useful things i have every seen . ( 0.0 ) i don't think it's personal . i hate to stereotype entp's but i know three of them and generally they do that sort of thing but not usually ( entirely ) on purpose . virtual hug sent ! x ) random weird question : do you dream often ? do you remember your dreams ? i'm not goal-orientated . that would require planning ^ . ^ that sounds like responsibility and i want no part in that . x ) i just want to be good . i have stuff in my head that is reluctant to be ... how long have i been drawing ? ( still new at this forum thing . i meant to use that quoting thingy to answer the gentleman with the really long username's question but i clicked the wrong thing ... ) ... first of all . thank you so much for writing so much ( i read it all several times ) ^ . ^ i'm sorry you had a rough time with some things but personally from the little i know about you i already think ... thank you for your advice . ^ - ^ it's just rather frustrating . i've done research and i get some conflicting answers . some articles say having a model is a great way to get better while others are ... i just wanted to quickly say . i am an xnfp and i love isfj's . i think they are just such wonderful people . this post made me realize that the closest friends i have are isfj's . you guys are awesome ... i am wanting to be an artist . i sketch constantly and i'm always looking for new things but i have an isfj friend who is just so much better than me ( i think it's because she an observant . ) it seem ... i rotate between infp and enfp . ambivert ^ - ^ angel beats death note noragami ( cute ... sort of romantic ) full metal alchemist brotherhood attack on titan ( bloody ... quite bloody ) fate / zero ( it's bloody and dark but clever ) code geuiss your ... descendant of the forest xnfp entp type most likely to feel uncomfortable in a night club ? i hate my picture being taken . i look in the mirror and i'm like nope still adorable then someone takes a picture and it's like nope . anyone ever consider the fact loki from norse mythology was the only god to ever ride one of his children into battle ? loki was apparently the father to a giant wolf , a giant sea-serpent and mothered ... your job is awesome . i'm going to think about elves every time i see a giraffe now . - _ - i meant to just answer this comment ... somehow mangaged to answer on the main thread too . oh well . all the same . why thank you isfp monk . why thank you . an impalled mage makes a good travelling companion , duly noted . ^ - ^ next question : what animal do you ride into battle on ( real or imaginary ) ? levi - intj eren - esfp armin - infj hanji - entp erwin - estj mikasa - istj around eren complex . hello citizens of internet-land ^ - ^ / you guys are all like i would die awesomely or of old age . i'm going to be honest here , i would probably trip over my dog and accidentally impale myself with the butter knife i was ... what is your character like ? what weapon / abilities do they have ? how would they most likely die ? the results of an entp relationship written by an a mildly peeved xnfp my opinion is biased considering i am emotionally compromised . i have nothing against entp's only this particular one . - he ... yeah hopefully . x3 ( t . t ) based on the way you answered my first questions ( and your lack or emoticon ) i'm going to guess that was sarcasm . ^ - ^ i'm enjoying this chat . xd pleased to meet your acquintance . ^ - ^ / sarcasm . ( 9.9 ) sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . maybe it's cause i don't get it = _ = i really picked the wrong thing to comment on ... i actually cannot express nor understand sarcasm all that well . - _ - i just saw ask a question and i love picking at people's brains so i went for it . nope . i am actually xnfp . i feel the need to point out that enfp's primary function is extroverted intuition . same . although i read somewhere daughters fight more with their mothers . it's a tough situation because i understand where they are coming from but it conflicts with what i value and my parents don't ... i have a question : why do you think are you struggling in this area ? i am enfp too and i have two istj's as parents . i get what you're saying . i would look into their love languages . how do they show love ? how do they like to receive love ? ( i would guess acts of ... yep . consider this , i have two sj parents . the parent question was to assist me in either proving or disproving the theory that in most families a child will become the opposite personality type of ... i am awkwardly attempting to figure out how stuff works here . i saw a post further up that entp's plotting to wrangle up infp's so they could have people ask questions ... or something to that effect ... oh and i notice that you are new to this forum so welcome x3 i'm an enfp ( technically an xnfp but whatever ) . i am female so i can't say exactly how a male might respond but i have had boys confess to me . it's a little scary and i too withdrew from that person ... i'm xnfp . does that count ? 1.what do you value most in people ? 2 . what would you change about yourself ? 3 . what do you value in yourself ? 4 . what qualities in other people bother you the most ? i am an xnfp and i totally understand that feeling . i am currently the exact same way . you ever read personality types under stress ? i might be mistaken but avoidance tends to be the nfp way of ... 1 . i am fabulous today . thank you for asking ^ - ^ 2 . i am thinking about how the world would look if grass was the size of trees and trees were the size of grass . 3 . i'm feeling a little stressed ... for me , school is a matter of motivation . if i have an assignment i think is boring or pointless i tend to see how much sass i can sneak into it . it's always respectful but i try to make it as ... the way i see it is i don't care whether you love a man or a woman all i care about is that you can love . if you love someone why does their gender matter ? you all seem so nice already : laughing : aww thank you : kitteh : hiya citizens of internet land . ^ - ^ / i am a xnfp personality type and am a huge fan of any and all psychology stuff ( myers briggs being one of my favourite things . ) this is my first time ... '