yikes ! it is over 2 years since my initial post and i am in pretty much exactly the same place . could do lots but just don't see the point of it . i worked so hard up through the end of my 30s and ... chive socks extremely interested to know more about this . do you references or further info ? that is a great reminder . thanks ! yes ... met someone for the first time 15 years ago and had the reaction of , well there you are ! it was like seeing a long lost friend who was supposed to have shown up 2 weeks ago and finally ... spacious , peaceful , quiet looking for ideas from infps who i think will really understand this . i've just finished a huge project that went , on the whole , quite well . and i feel completely done with it . partly because i was ... old growth redwood forests stay . spore wicks 1 . having found and put into practice nonviolent communication . 2 . having found and put into to practice ( and recognizing it is a work in progress ) the wisdom of great teachers . 3 . having a life ... birds chirping outside . my life is like a fruit tree with many grafts . there are a few main branches , each having a few lovely fruits , and each main branch has a different type of fruit than the other branches . some fruits ... i've just pulled out a guitar and am fingerpicking gently . imagine harp music but coming from a guitar . keep reading , don't look at me , and just enjoy your book or conversation or gazing over the ... i don't mind reading in the lounge chair with you reading in another lounge chair across the way . i'm enjoying the full spectrum lighting in the lounge and also the big picture window looking out ... music is huge for me , the one strong , constant thread through my entire life . i cannot remember not playing music , and have written my own material since i was 17 . it is my connection to my true ... as to how i was as a teenager ... i was great in school and with music and didn't care one whit about appearances , dating , social functions , etc . i hung out with a few other brainy kids , essentially ... i was like that all through high school , then went to a very liberal university at 18 ... and life began ! ! ! life burst open with all kinds of explorations , new vistas , and experiences . hang in ... do you find being around people drains your energy ? a very good friend just stayed with me for a day and a night , and we had a really good visit , walks and talks and a nice dinner out . and today i am ... counselling is a good choice , but choose which kind carefully . i studied cognitive therapy and it drove me up the wall they way they put everything in boxes . try a person centered approach , or ... it depends . they most definitely get refined over time if you a ) practice listening for your instincts / gut / internal knowing and b ) adopt practices that strengthen that wise , knowing voice that ... what has helped me a lot are two things : 1 . meditatation - recognize the emotion , just notice how it manifests in your body and you your thoughts . it isn't that you are trying to increase or ... need an option for ' none of the above ' . i would opt for ' insight ' or ' wisdom ' . a question for infps old and young - do people appreciate what you offer the world ? i have long struggled with lack of appreciation , with people either just not valuing what i have to offer , or ... ha ! for me it is about the heartlessness and lack of gratitude of the greedy chip-makers , who care about money and not at all about sister potato . they think she is just a plant . you can learn to look after and truly nurture yourself . you can really take time to tune in to what you want / need to do to nourish your heart . we will all leave this world on our own - you have ... you think of two or three different words you could use to say something , and then misspeak by making up a word or sentence that combines them . the first one i remember is ' mom-ther ' ( mommy ... interesting holidays . i kept the entire period clear of all commitments other than a skype call with family and great play sessions and 2 long walks a day with my lassie-like dog . it has been ... reminds me of a story about a family friend of my grandmother . when the first phone came into his house , he always answered it with a gruff , ' well ? ! ? ' yes , i also find the disembodied phone voices awkward . and also self-conscious with the skype videos , though there is something else about skype in that it feels rather empty and unreal to me ... you can spend days alone and feel that you are in very good company ! this has baffled me for years , but i know it is simply true for me . emails , fine . letters , i love them . but the telephone , i dislike it and will put off making calls . sure , i do use it and have a ... yes , this is it , exactly . i understand the being upset and can empathize with that ... but i don't know how to support my friend when that ' flip a table ' state of mind appears . is there anything you ... it can happen in a situation that is new . we were meeting some new people multiple times over three days . my enfp friend thought we were supposed to be doing activity a , and it turns out there was ... meditate . not necessarily on a cushion , but give yourself quiet time for simply being . block off times in your diary for yourself and guard them ferociously . learn nonviolent communication - ... my enfp friend is incredible - smart , hard-working , gracious - until said person doesn't get their own way or feels challenged . the challenge doesn't even have to be real , just in the enfp's head . ... one of the most helpful things i have ever heard came from a buddhist nun , who said that people are inherently unreliable - even the most dependable and devoted can disappear through external ... my best friend's type isn't on the list . it is furry . my dog - sensitive , cheeky , a fab personal trainer , a great teacher through mirroring my attitudes ( good and bad ) , dependable , engaging , loyal , ... it's not so much about them , as they are thinkers and still do not ' get ' where i am coming from and aren't interested in myersbrigg . what your post does brilliantly is help me understand my ... yep , that is me , too . happier to be co-pilot but willing to lead for a time if nobody else is going to , or if someone who really isn't capable is trying to take the reins . wow . yes , i recognize loads in there . thanks so much for posting . all these years after growing up in a family of thinkers , it is healing to read so much of my experience was normal for an ifp child . oh , yes , listening ! it is so embedded in who i am that i forgot to mention it . since adolescence people have said , ' you are a very good listener ' and for years i didn't understand that . it is ... secret weapons ? patience and composure creativity - just today i wrote a personalized haiku to make a greeting card for a dear couple special reading people's vibes , so i know if something is ... unclear . my brother who i've cut ties with ( he has hurt most everyone in the family ) is trying to invite himself for a visit . he wrote to say his daughter is getting married , i replied simply saying ... the ticking of the clock . otherwise , blissful silence . can you take a few moments and think of what you got by cutting off ties with her ? and phrase those in the positive ( like ' stopping torment ' would be rephrased to what that gives you , maybe ' peace ' ... what did burnout feel like to you ? did it get better , and if yes , how long did it take and what did you do in the meantime ? it's very true about being in my head and not in the body . funnily ... that's it , exactly . if i lose , i don't like that feeling . if i win , i cannot help but imagine what the person who lost is going through , and i don't want that person to feel bad . kundun ! and i would greatly enjoy being the _female_ dalai lama . :-)