' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyqXzbSh3Ko why do we want something even more once we know we cannot have it ? i feel like a part of me is missing . i never thought myself a romantic , but this past summer i have been hearing songs that remind ... yeah , sorry , but i gotta agree with her on this one . your plans are a bit unrealistic and sadly the real world is pretty harsh ; college is pretty harsh too , just ask any of my friends . it's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFe6oqtjD_8 always good ... my plight is the plight of many : going to bed at the end of the day ( or 6 am for me ... ) , hating how alone your queen size bed makes you feel , having random moments wherein you burst into tears from ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkclIDu9K5c first minute or so always makes me tear up , if not burst into full out sobbing . hate lonely days like today . well , i kind of feel that with a lot of people i shouldn't . i felt it with a guy who was in love with me , who was also 10 + years older than me and a college drop-out and generally a shady person . my ... pretty shitty . my mom is being a bitch yet again and acting as if i am satan because i don't have the patience to put up with my aunt while she is pushy , abrasive , really aggressive ( all in fun ) ... i tend to attract istps and the only very successful relationship i've had is with an istp . we get along very well , however , i feel like i connect better with intps , although they really intimidate ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dabH45Af2bo damn , you guys are interesting , and it's a pleasure to read your ideas and see your perspectives on such a typically emotionally-loaded subject . i know i don't belong , but i have to say , it's nice ... i play psychologist to my friends and others i know ( and offer input if asked or i feel i should ) to the point that i am physically drained and seldom complain or talk about myself to them because i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbBt9nsUlE4 i drink starbucks a lot ... almost every day . i should probably not waste my money on it . anyway , i agree , the mochas there , peppermint mocha , hot chocolate , peppermint hot chocolates , are way too ... thank you ! i've always felt weird about being the still-feminine girl who likes to hang around with guys more than girls . the few girl friends i've had are becoming increasingly more frustrating , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z-hEyVQDRA classic . the hell . i am a batch of contradictions strewn together . i desperately want to be in a relationship , but i feel so tired thinking about the extra energy it would take to maintain it , and i hate ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxwvzhaBAWk argh ... lowest common denominator music , i didn't love these guys even when they were popular , but so many memories are coming back tonight . middle ... disheartening dissociative episode . seriously . my college schedule is all over the place . i got up at 5:30 am just to drive here , too . bah . taking a nap in the middle of the day just ruins ... haha , was it just to mess with people or what ? that made me laugh so much , thanks , sounds like something i'd do as a kid xd . i agree on the motivational posters thing , though , it sounds like a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUvbrY_ec60 i listen to everyones ' problems , but no one cares about mine . they literally don't even make eye contact like i do and look around and text while i am talking . what the hell ? ! i'm not your goddamned ... tata was my first word ; polish for daddy . honestly ? fuck this life thing . a little hungover . really sleepy . just want to sleep . extremely lonely ... my conscious anxieties are entering into my dreams . the economy is awful , my emotions and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-I2s5zRbHg&ob=av3e http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwGEpoIlPxg i feel like i'm going nowhere fast . nothing in the world fascinates me anymore because it is either too complex or too simple , so i fail the more complex subjects , which i need to learn to have a ... i wish i could love him like i can see he still loves me , but i know that i don't , i can't , i couldn't then , and i can't force myself to feel anything i don't or feel guilty for my inability to do ... you can go into your head for hours on end when you're alone with just some music , or not even anything , and not get bored . then you come back to reality hours later and wonder where all that time ... i agree , i felt it a lot more a few years ago , though . i guess that zest has kind of faded with the beginning of college . i agree a lot about this , though : the feeling that there are infinite ... that is not at all trying to steer my answer in a particular direction ... but yeah , do you feel that they are trying to ' educate ' you rather than discuss ideas ? this . that's been my experience ... i should really be doing my chem postlab , but i need to get this off my chest somehow , and i am hoping at least a few of my fellow infps can commiserate or at least see where see where i'm coming ... sorry if this sounds disjointed or poorly-worded ; i'm running on not little sleep , and was about to go to bed , but i had to reply to this . i feel like i'm looking into the mirror . i have a similar ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81nHCUQuqEc i'm so tired , i got around four hours of sleep last night and had a long day of classes that i hate , in a major that i almost completely hate , and failing grades greeted me at almost every turn ; ... wow , my mouth fell open when i read this . i actually became addicted to this in high school , and would want to do it everyday after i came home from a stressful day . i thought it was some weird ... yeah , that is pretty true . the only lasting and serious relationship i had was with my best friend at the time ( still one of my best friends today ) . anything else seems kind of unrealistic and ... every . damn . day . i wish it were a viable option , but at this point , i'm scared of wasting time in college and leaving and possibly alienating my friends and family . my family , in particular my ... intj or entj . wooh , that would be fun , but i'd probably be intimidated by myself . materialistically , i finally want my car , damn it . otherwise , i want good luck for my next semester , to pass my next math class , and for inner dissonance to turn to inner harmony . dark kiss by bath and body works because it's a musky scent and kind of different than what i usually used to wear , and pretty feminine-smelling ( but i guess that's because i associate it with my one ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3fqn1aBZ5Q i don't understand fi . i don't see how i can have a dominant function of something i don't entirely understand . ethics ... have always seemed to me to be an argument of what is right and wrong , ... ever since the massive change in my life known as dorming at college for four out of the seven days in the week , as well as the other change of being forced to adapt to being around people almost ... oh , i forgot how much i loved this movie ! i haven't seen it in years , haha . lee is such an exacerbated stereotype of an infp , it's kind of funny how much i didn't want to relate to her when i ... if i can poke my head in here for a bit , i've experience with istps romantically . the only male i ever loved was an istp , only serious relationship , etc . , also i tend to get flirty with istps a lot ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZujuYiweht8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds7m2uMKZm4 between the two choices of intp and istp , he is probably istp because of this , he does not like looking into the future at all . including planning ahead . intuition basically requires that you ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8rZWw9HE7o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBI3lc18k8Q&ob=av2e '