' yeah apparently i joined in nov of 08 haha . i have a bit of free time so i decided to resurface thanks guys , what happened to the chat function by the way ? this site's grown so much there's too much going around everyone from when this site first came to existence ... are you all still here ? you can be confident in many different ways , but in general if you want to be confident , you first have to know yourself and accept who you are . you are never going to project a positive image for ... yes shame on me ... but i try . i'm a fun loving person in my own little ways : tongue : yeah , unless i see a need , i don't try new things . i even get overwhelmed if i'm given too many options lol . i must say that enfp's can drive me crazy sometimes . i have three buddies who have confirmed themselves as enfps so i'm talking from experience . the following are some of the things that we differ ... i can stay up for days doing work and i can / did accomplish that without drinking coffee , redbull , and what have you . it's sort of like playing sports because your body pumps up energy from all the ... what does it take to drive you to do something you ordinarily wouldn't want to ? just give me an order and i'll do it boss . if you were my boss and you tell me to do something , i will obey your ... wow , it's been a while since i've made a thread ... anyways , i'm drunk and i'm bored so here goes ... so i've been tested as an estj , but i want you guys to guess what my type is based on what i tell ... my favourite is no pain , no gain . this is what i live by . first of all , i hate you all who don't use your cell phones because how can i ever get in contact with you if you don't have a cell phone . second of all , a cell phone will save your life because you ... oh and about the estj's wanting to control everything ... it's not that we want to control everything that's around us ... it's just that we have a need to control our lives . for example , i need to be in ... art is good mate ; however , it is unnecessary . i wasted my high school years going the arts and i wish i could have done something else . you know , if it wasn't for the arts , i would have done so much ... why thank you i suggest doing all the assigned readings and problems before each class . you then make notes during class and review your notes after class so you don't forget about what you've learned . that's the ... here is my goal in life and hopefully you'll gain some insight i want a high paying job so i can support my current and future family . i also want power and fame . in order to do so i must work ... in short ? how did you come to your conclusions ? haha , wow you know what ... i think my brother has that problem too from what his friends have told me so far anyways . interesting ... i think you and him should hangout sometime and are you satisfied with what you've been doing ... ? indeed it sucks to stay in the house all summer . the thing is mate , i'm much older than he is and i do many things that are illegal for him . it's summer and my 16 year old brother has never left the house . he says his friends bore him and all his does is watch online videos , draw , and play his guitar . any insights ? 1 . place the black furry thing , which i think is a cushion of some kind , on the bed 2 . sort out what you need and what you don't need , and place everything that you need on the bed 3 . take out all ... nice , another korean and an estj . glad to see you here . you should i think people would stay on and join these kinds of forums if they are more informative . i rarely use the internet for entertainment ; i use it mainly for research . i agree lance . they are very attractive . and yes , i think this is stupid because you can only judge on someone after interacting with him or her in person . wow , i did not know i was missed guys : happy : . however , i normally don't spend a lot of time on the computer when i'm home for the summer . i hope to see you two in the chatroom sometime though . i can't say for all because i don't know all estjs . one of my buddies at work told me that i have a fucked up mind when i said it would be a waste of money if we got off work early because i had bought myself $ 5 worth of food on top of my normal lunch ... excellent . to be honest , i'm lacking with the forum myself these days . : tongue : unfortunately hey i'm not the only estj here anymore ... do stick around similar to treebob . i think about what i have to do next when i'm not concentrating on something that i'm doing . you got that right wouldn't you be more of an introvert since you need lots of time alone ? well , what are you waiting for ? go and apply for a job ... you should make a thread on this on the general psychology or the general discussion forums because not a lot of people will see this . re : position you wish to apply for dear hiring manager , as a graduate of ___ university with an honours degree in psychology , i initiated , coordinated , and evaluated various group activities ... right . well , usually you want to make sure you address your qualifications that match to the qualifications listed on the job ad in your covering letter . you should first state why you want to the ... what job are you applying for ? and what are the listed requirements / qualifications ? ah ... thanks for the clarifications . i'll answer the questions below . * do you typically write from a subjective opinion ; or do you try to hold that in which you write generally objective ( even if ... i don't know why you want to know this ... but i need a break from studying so here goes . * do you generally type long posts ; or do you generally type short posts - - or perhaps does it matter on ... i've said this before somewhere , but i still think mbti mainly represents your dominant function . you cannot be one type , but you can prefer one type over the other 15 . as one lecturer said , there ... alright , well that's their fault . you can't blame the tests just because of that . why would anyone be dishonest with one's self ? if you want to know what kind of person you are by using various tests like the mbti , you would want to be honest with yourself . otherwise , you'll be ... haha , that's exactly what the guy said when answering one of the questions : ah yes , thank you for the question because that made me think of my grade 12 class or something along the lines .  ... well the thing is , i wasn't so prepared for this either . i don't like anticipating questions so i didn't really prepare anything to say . i just winged everyone question except for the first question , ... how long does it take you to answer a question in an interview , prepared or not ? do you need to pause between sentences to think about what you are going to say next ? it is understood that ... '