' i'm definitely not a caring listener . in fact i don't really like to listen to anyone talk about anything unless its something i personally find interesting . my friends do come to me with their ... that describes my relationship with my entp best friend perfectly . we have so many esoteric inside jokes that make no sense to other people , and we'll sit and laugh / giggle / joke about it for hours or ... yes , definitely . i find entp types really interesting and intellectually stimulating . one of my closest friends is entp . where did you get that we like sensitive men ? i actually can't stand them . both are equally important to me . i spent most of my childhood drawing , painting , reading and writing , then veered off into the sciences ( majored in math and biology in university ) . i wasn't ... i'm 22 . damn the 10 character minimum post length . i'm most attracted to nt's . computers , programming , math , biology i have the problem where i have too many ideas and want to do too many things all at once . it helps me a lot to make lists of the things i want to do and try to prioritize them . its really satisfying ... when i'm contemplating general things i don't use words or hear any voices . i experience a constantly shifting , amorphous stream of images and associated sensations . by sensations i mean the ... i can't stand emotional people in general because i have no idea how to deal with them . i also don't think i can emotionally fulfill people like that . i've always thought this was the easiest of the four traits to figure out . do you feel the need to be alone often , or not ? i was at odds with a lot of them because they thought i was rude , arrogant or not living up to my potential . despite being a vociferous atheist my favorite teacher was one of the religion ... dozens of people have called me a robot , cold , aloof , emotionally unavailable etc . it takes most people a long time to realize i'm just like that and don't have anything personally against them . i ... i dunno , thats some pretty insane shit . not really . i usually only pay any attention to the people around me if they're trying to talk to me . otherwise i'm daydreaming . i had a few extremely turbulent / passionate romances in my teen years , got way too attached , then miserably hurt . these days i sort of avoid intense relationships because i'm quite happy with being ... kind of a vague question ... but i have a desktop i built from ordered parts that dual boots windows 7 and ubuntu linux , then a small kinda crappy laptop i keep for mobility that runs only linux ... i act very entp-like in social situations , when i feel engaged . my best friend is entp and i think i kind of mimic her ... especially when in her company . i befriend / date extroverts way more often , but simply because they're willing to do more of the work . i think i connect better with introverts , but when i meet them i usually misunderstand them ... the first thing that came to mind was sitting in a park with big trees , alone with a coffee , reading a good book . when i was about 12 i became obsessed with parrots . after months of badgering and presenting my exasperated parents with several very long , typed and properly referenced reports on parrot care and ... its a small but quickly growing company ; we have about 30 employees now . our product is supply chain management software written in ruby on rails . for the most part we do agile software development ... i teared up when peter parker's uncle died in spiderman . lmao other than that , very very rarely . depends on combination of several factors : do i like this person at all ? how absurdly wrong are they ? and probably most importantly , how bored am i ? if its a person i otherwise like and the thing ... haha . i actually don't smile very much irl , that pic was a drunken candid taken by a friend who was making me laugh . my fav pics are candid ones taken when you're happy or joking around with pals cuz ... yeah , lol . i think those pictures are really cringey . how the heck do you confuse infp and intj ? they're so different . well ... okay . but someone else can do it and write me a summary . one word : yawn . i have some nf friends . i wouldn't say they're jealous of my brain , but i think they're intimidated by my somewhat ruthless manner of dissecting ideas and situations . i get the feeling they hold a ... i actually really like to go to bars / parties , provided i have a good sidekick . when i'm out with friends i act like an entp , for the most part . except as others have already said , i'll lapse into ... i don't think everything is completely determined . not because i believe in free will , but because there is a certain degree of unpredictable randomness in the behavior of subatomic particles . but i ... i'm a software developer . i really like my job cuz its the perfect combination of complex problem solving and making stuff . i'm forced to talk to other people more than i'd usually like , but most of ... i've always been really good at it . i won a few speech competitions in school . i almost hyperventilate and die in private everytime , but once i get a few sentences out , i calm down . are you sitting on a huge folder filled with these photos , and just lurk the forum waiting for the right time to use them ? lol what is that supposed to mean ? :( yeah ... i'm too lazy to actually go out anymore and actively try to seduce men . i mean , i could probably just go up to random men at bars and say something along the lines of hi , i'm easy and i want ... i think it could work out okay , but it probably would never happen , cuz neither of us would make the first move . lol . i guess its not nt linked . its prob the same thing that attracts me to binge drinking . a genetic predisposition to low dopamine production , maybe ? unfortunately i'm also a hypochondriac , so ... just wondering if being rational and detached usually leads to more promiscuity ? i'm definitely more on the promiscuous side . i separate sex from emotions entirely , and have no qualms with having ... i have no drive to reproduce . i'm only 22 though , so that might change eventually ... i like kids just fine , but i don't see what is desirable about spending 10 + years constantly supervising one , ... i'm not a game developer , but i am a web developer , and would be very interested in getting into game dev . i've never really thought about it . i guess i don't mind it . i speak in a low pitch , pretty monotonously . think daria . i hate girls who talk in high pitched voices . ugh . ugh . my ex-boyfriend is entj and drove me absolutely nuts . initially , i was very attracted to his ideas and the confidence he had in them . i admired his ability to follow through with things and ... mostly dismissive-avoidant , with a bit of fearful . no , i don't think you've blown it , although i think you'll have to make the next move . irl trolls . ( i mean that in a good way , entps are my fav ) yes . i also make up wild lies about everything else to do with me . although , i do this more when i meet a person i know i will never care to speak to again , and their conversation is so dull that i ... yes . i went through an existential crisis around the same age and became miserably depressed , fixated on the meaning of it all , and very paranoid about death . i found peace with this by figuring ... a bit out of the norm in that i don't look particularly emo or depressed . '