' i dont get it .. first dates are super awkward . for me .. every social event feels a bit awkward . i figure if its in the other parties comfort zone .. bring on the awkwardness . at least theyll be in ... rumor has it that entjs cant be enthusiastic or happy or positive unless they are hangliding upside down over palm trees . i dont know how accurate the statement is .. all i know is you seem pretty ... its all about me is the motto of society . the majority of this planet arent trting to understand anyone unless it furthers their immediate desires . if you care to do so yourself .. you will always ... i oncw tried returning a baby hawk to its nest and the mom went berzerk .. i keep telling myself itd be similar with the mini flying dino . could be wrong .. but i have hopes . of course it doesnt ... my advice is to go for the job anyway .. and then just stare at people awkwardly to see how many hours they wind up paying you for before finally admitting it isnt working out . you might be surprised ... * awkward blink * wow , that sucks . ill umm .. keep an eye out for him . i wouldnt suppose he had a special taste or some other identifying feature one might recognize him / her ( btw .. im % 25 positively ... well that isnt the worst news ive heard . kind of hoping , still , to find someone to validate that it happens more regularly than i assume and that they are not in facy an endangered / now extinct ... today i accidently ran over a baby dragon with the lawn mower . at least i think it was a baby dragon .. hard to tell for sure . im not talking some random geico lizard that we have millions of .. i ... peyote neah , shes trying to make her lesbian ex gf jealous by socializing with you . maybe a side of vindictiveness or a subtle .. you are such a horrible lover that you may have turned me straight ... to pick up cyber chicks . i guess a little of all that other stuff above posters mentioned too . ? my sense of humor is often described as dry . guess that could be seen as serious to some .. if anyone was gonna figure me out or understand my thought process i always look at people of this character type as .. yup .. theres understanding there . theyll get this . and then boom ... its not worth the trouble . go find some other friends till the original ones decide they miss you . a healthy rotation of 6-7 groups seem to work great . :) if they are pissed or annoyed at you ... people want black and white steriotypes to judge us . they want to summarize us within 5 minutes of meeting .. and want to be able to predict behavior after a year of knowing . we contradict ourselves ... i just like entps because its one of the few types you can sound out as a real sounding word instead of acronymn .. and it just sounds sexy when you do it . entp pronounced entp .. ya hear it ? ... my advice is go back to sleep . reality is overated .. go back and stay back till they kick you out . and then add an hour more . dont take no for an answer . most rewarding relationship was esfj . took a lot of ground work , patience , and stubborness on both our parts to start with though . it started with all our friends and advising we would never make ... maybe his wife decided she didnt want him talking to you anymore .. if pixar taught me one thing .. its that any object can be animated .. other than that .. all i have to say that this is in by no way a metaphore for life . perhaps the universe .. but definitely not ... hi , im little joe . i like jalapaneo poppers , porn , end time prophesy , and driving aimlessy while procrastinating on going home . im a bit of a workaholic as well . is this the sort of info you ... and why ? they all seem to have their perks and complications . and if someone accidentaly sets the gym on fire .. and the sprinkler system comes on .. nobody really wins . being the ceiling seems ... im frozen , wrapped , and ready to roll . meet me in aisle 17 of the grocery store . ive heard giod things regarding natives and when you buy them drinks .. which reminds me , what can i get you ? life thing .. and she dies on me . and to be mad at someone .. or something . i have all this anger built up inside . i want to be mad at god .. but when her 12 year old daughter asks if its ok to be ... i believe love to be a mixed drink .. and feeling / emotion to be one of the ingrediants .. possibly an escalation of feelings to reach full effect . say the mixed drink requires 3 shots of vodka and ... i think its because im the only one in town who knows the only right way to eat a recess peanut butter cup . i dont hate on the couple million people who do it wrong though . i dont point and laugh ... what you said plus .. men use it as a bargaining chip to attract women .. but mostly its a source of enjoyment for a man to be able to take apart , repair , modify , put together stuff . its bragging ... i know im probably a bit late .. im pretty sure the op was referring to a sale of the soul of someones first born . aka trying to get in good with a esfj father to spend more time with ... what do you all mean guys cant wear make up ? and how can you tell if we are ? :) ive been single once or twice . dont miss it . not one bit . if it happens again .. i doubt itll last long . being alone sucks . so does this mean she is borderline on all her functions ? p . s is this thread satire by any chance ? i have a reputation if not being able to lie . i can lie and have .. but it makes me very ill . in fact giving any twisted version of truth that decieves stresses me out . people know this .. and how ... ive just been told i use sunshine a lot . i didnt even realize i was doing it and have absolutely no idea where it came from . it sparks vague memories .. but curious now to catch it when it happens . refer to title of thread .. that was his response . q : things to not say to infj a : solicitation request i did not know this . makes sense .. so like patriotism in the american revolution would just mean putting loyalty of the colonies over the welfare of entire empire . as opposed to the revolutionist ... i call her woman sometimes to .. but thats normally when im annoyed or frustrated .. for example woman , what are you talking about ? woman , how old are you again ? woman , this is not ... lady when im speaking to her . her when im talking about her to others . its reallu bad .. i introduced my boss to her once and before i could say anything , he was like .. you must be her she ... so ever since 9/11 ive been kind of thinking about these terms . and how the term patriot seems to be thrown around quite a bit . if i ask a majority of people of their definition of patriot .. i tend ... the problem is how much thought i had to put into before adding smiley face . if this was rl and i was resppnding on the spot .. i would find amusement in their look of shock trying to read an ... what does it matter ? everything that comes out of our mouth is gold . instead asking questions you should be taking notes :) i feel concern for those who take me seriously .. lose promotion ? get laid off ? erectile disfunction ? get hit by a car ? global warming ? wet the bed at night ? yup yup .. you guessed it . its fe ! that pesky little function we love to hate and ... to say i prefer girls who dont wear make up would be similar to a woman saying .. i prefer a man who is not mechanically inclined thats all i got . you were right with your original interpretation . just meant .. i could say i wasnt serious .. then someone could change interpretation of beginning of my post from .. you mom sounds ... if i said i wasnt being serious .. would that reverse my comment into dissing somebodies mother ? she sounds like a marvelously wonderful woman . you should try being more understanding of where she is coming from .. and less self centered :) to believe fantasies are type related .. i would have to believe there is a specific type that can really get into some kinky , weird , pornographic stuff . i wonder what type that would be ? the ... i like listening to group gossip because it helps me define appropriate and inappropriate behavior interpretation that seems like common sense to certain groups . i generally find myself discovering ... wow .. we are being asked to grade and judge ourselves ? that is way too steriotypically hillarious . :) '