' i have very bizarre dreams , and with very few exceptions , tend to remember them . they're usually extremely epic , with lots of plot twists and dramatic turns , cameos of random celebrities or people ... your score : 66 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... liberalist pacifist culturist neck bridges suck . i've got 262 , which is pretty low considering i've had a facebook since 2005 . i also will add anyone on facebook i've ever met , although i do restrict a lot of my posts to a smaller group of about ... i could be completely wrong here , but i think that the two are just secretive and closed off in different ways . like , i have no real problem talking to acquaintances about things i've done , what ... i'm perfectly fine with being an infp , and all that it entails socially . i understand that i'm never going to be the person who shows up at a raging party with a case of beer over my shoulder , ... commissioning a dollar baby from mr . stephen king - i'm planning on doing that the first week of 2012 , actually . i'm getting my actors in order right now , getting some okays before i dive in and ... i'm probably going as either the log lady from twin peaks , or as special agent dale cooper from twin peaks . i've actually done this before , haha ! depending on pronunciation , the following have worked well for me : more grunge whore binge implored hinge poor fringe score tinged poor grunge i've been horribly fascinated with extreme storms , mainly tornadoes , for much of my life . i've been through four hurricanes living half an hour inland , and two tornadoes in my life , in addition to ... i don't know if we seem to be cowards , or if people of other mbti types just see as completely non-threatening and detached . i think the detachment from a lot of things could be perceived as ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJlyoDbm5YA something about the lyrical content and percussion is compelling . i can't get this out of my head . the a paradise untouched by man ; within this world , ... varying results the lost ones have taken off their faces and held the under-bits to the sun with varying results . paul wants to be a poet , but without a face , he can't achieve the fame and ... introvertive : 95 % intuition : 100 % feeling : 74 % perceiving : 100 % the only thing even moderately close to being up for discussion is my t / f . even with that , i'm pretty solidly an f . aw . i'm actually quite disappointed to see that much of the 99 % movement appears to be taken in jest . i'm heavily involved with the occupy in two different cities at the moment . while enacting the ... i bounce from job to job quite often . usually , it's been customer service , telemarketing , and food service , as far as steady-ish jobs go . i'm not a fan . hence the bouncing . i do get paid ... i kind of do , for that very same reason . ironically , i seldom ever finish my lists because i am so disorganized and get distracted , so they're usually only half done at best . i'm not sure if i've posted in here yet , and i'm not too sure if any of these are new ... but since i have rehearsal in a few hours and can't be arsed to go to sleep or do something more productive , ... i may be completely wrong here , but what you're describing just sounds like he was taking time to gather his thoughts and articulate them . if he was open to talking about things of that nature and ... i can't feasibly see myself making it to thirty , but i've an irrational fear of the number 24 - have since i was a child - and kind of always assumed that i was only going to live to be 24 . i just ... i'm not a fan of twilight . i do , however , have a thirteen year old sister , so i've definitely seen the films at this point , and will admit to having read the books - i read the first one , and then ... the all you can eat was something of a dilemma because it was a substantial amount of pancakes . i had nine before i could no longer function . my friend , zack , had 9.5 and was the champion ; mine's from october 2nd : as i slip into a diabetic coma from the amount of pancakes i consumed at denny's this evening , i'm going to continue work on the screenplay . a lot of times , when i'm around a large group of people , if there are people i've hung out with a lot on a more one on one basis who've not really gone around large groups with me , they'll comment on ... talking at length about trivial things or myself really drains me when it's not with close friends or family . if a stranger strikes up a conversation with me , if it keeps going for more than a few ... 1 . ) buy my mom and dad a house . real estate here is especially cheap , so that'd probably set me back about $ 120,000 for a really nice house for them . 2 . ) buy my mom and dad a car . my mom especially ... i seriously do the same thing a lot of the time , and am actually pleasantly surprised to see that i'm not alone ! the only thing is that i've somehow been able to make myself do some things , and felt ... i've been telling my friends i don't feel well and not answering my phone calls , later claiming to have been asleep . it's not that i'm necessarily trying to avoid them ; i'm just working really hard ... http://www.panowest.com/pages/ca49/ChiefsLadder.jpg http://seo2.0.onreact.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/the-secret-passageway-to-the-treasure-by-stuck-in-customs.jpg ... nyctophobia it's always been you : the damaged , jaded vigilante , making sure the night didn't swallow me ( in one inky swig ) with a moonlit chaser . i'll have to say log lady from twin peaks is probably an infp . i can kind of also see that from major briggs . 1 ) describe your parents in one word each . mother : bubbly father : rigid 2 ) choose one : - i'll have to go with my family on this one . in spite of any differences of opinion , they've never let ... http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5003/5251071390_fdf3080209.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_6bZd0XNoeh8/TAgYUcgECII/AAAIFc/ZOX0B4v9VzY/s1600/home-library-with-staircase-and-dog.jpg ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EB9W8St1pDc a lot of times , i've watched the eyes of the person to try to judge the s / n function . i've found that even enxx people tend to wander off a little bit with their eyes with thinking , not just flicking ... http://thelaymansanswerstoeverything.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/1WonkaByPsychedelicBoat.jpg i've always , since childhood , really identified with mr . wonka . i've almost always gotten eccentric , which is interesting to me because i generally see that term applied to much older people . i've actually even heard the term used behind my back , which i ... one of my good friends , with whom i lived in an apartment for a period of time , was an extroverted sensor . i think esfj . there were seriously times when she wanted to go out to clubs and dance , or go ... i've been huge into david lynch again lately . i periodically gravitate towards his material every few years or so - and have since i was about 16 . i watched twin peaks all the way through again , blue ... i feel like my biggest concern has been , and always will be , that i don't feel like people are going to really get to know me until much farther down the road , and then they're going to run away ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTZWXrVWtvg short story segment which has yet to be edited : neil gaiman album / music reviews : david foster wallace ( x2 ) , kurt vonnegut ( x1 ) poetry : neil gaiman i'm actually not displeased with any of this . i'm an enormous fan of mr . maclachlan and his work , and was trying , ultimately , to figure out just what his mbti is , or , at least , what it seems to be . because of his involvement with lynch films , ... assuming the existence of a god , and perceiving him as being more like the judeo-christian god , i feel that a few things must be thought about , in order to really figure this out . first of all , ... writing on my screenplay was going swimmingly , but now i've come to a horrible impasse from which there is no escape , and cliches and run on sentences keep tumbling out of my mouth and from my ... http://i51.tinypic.com/903574.jpg what i usually get about my eyes is that i look very kind and have very expressive eyes . note also that my eyes are actually amber colored , and i'm not a ... i've personally got no problem with categorization when others apply it to me ; i don't see it as being especially important or all-encompassing , more of their making an observation based on what they ... 1 . ) education , especially the idea of more schools adopting curricula which are more tailor-made to each individual student , once the student is in high school . e . g . : i feel that more schools should ... i've actually gone through this quite extensively , attempting to type twin peaks characters . dale cooper : infj ? i know that david lynch liked to cast maclachlan in roles which more closely ... '