rofl you have to be kidding me , stop please you are embarrassing yourself ! why won't some men take no for an answer ... i don't date smokers . smoke if you must but away from me please . boy what anger on this thread .. even a few sneers ... rofl okay so you are only 37 but you look like you are older because the smoking has destroyed your skin and body . seriously three of my ... really that's what you look like ? i am sorry i am not angry but you wasted my time , your paunchy , too old for me and you smell like an ash tray ( you said you had quit ) . i glad you were happy that i ... i have a very high drive when i am in a relationship but i must have feelings for them and trust them . i am sorry i don't know why i thought you were an infj ... lol : tongue : i am still impressed that you are good at fixing things . i am impressed my fellow infj . : tongue : well there are many reasons not to sleep with you but let me just name a few . 1 . you smell like an ashtray . 2 . you're a girl , and only men get me hot . 3 . but the most important reason why i ... if you help me move i'll do you just right ! : tongue : no , just like you are not real . yeah sure , lay back i like to ride . one please stop posting on this flipping letter already , two you have stolen my signature not cool , three stop being a troll ! i don't think that's stalking you are just curious and interested in them . now if you were really following them around now that would be stalking them , but reading their facebook and myspace page i ... i love touching and being touched if i know and trust you . yes i would he seems like he could be very passionate . i just wonder who is the pitcher and who is catcher ? : happy : rofl ! ! ! wow bromance has taken over this thread . a straight girl can't get a proper f * ^ % anymore . i'll just shut the door but remember boys no glove no love ... : tongue : yes i would . : happy : yes i will , i intend to make your toes curl with joy ! : tongue : that's so sweet , yes of course . it's seems like the bromance is back on this thread . right on . * i'll just shut the door and let the boys have your fun . * : tongue : you should it was one of the most magical times of my life , i saw them in alaska . but my friends in white horse , canada tell me that they can be seen from there too and some other friends in up ... yeah you seem very cool from your posts . he had prepared the back of his truck with a mattress . electric blankets ( he ran an extension cord to the cabin ) , down pillows and down comforters . he covered my eyes and lead me outside to the ... but isn't being a dick doing something with intention ? dude this section is for adults , come back when you are of age . i like you but not that way , so let's go for a drink or some coffee . : happy : you may be a robot now but you'll always be sugar buns to me . * hugs him and smacks his firm tush * : tongue : are questioning if you are a dick ? wow i thought it was just my enfp . : tongue : hello , welcome to the forum . : happy : hello , welcome to the forum . : happy : hello , welcome to the forum . : happy : hello , welcome to the forum . : happy : hello , welcome , i like your avatar bluebells are one of my favorite flowers . : happy : i have no idea what you just said ... but you are a girl , so no i am sorry . would you like a piece of candy or mint ? : happy : you two go getting flipping pond already ! lol : tongue : f % # & liars and petty people who are cruel just because their friends told them a lie . they act as if they are 5 on the play ground bullying a shy kid who stutters . and most of all , f @ # & you and your ... since i am not into crazy internet chicks who want their therapist to be rapists and then hold them , that's a big no . well i am not into chicks anyways so no ... : tongue : now go take your medication ... you sweet talker . : tongue : yes , yes i would until i made him sing and cry out for joy ! lol : tongue : yeah i'll do you . : tongue : first i'll tease you in a naughty way then i'll do you ... yes . : tongue : you shouldn't be on this thread , ergo you have curfew so no . don't make me call your mother again . : laughing : yeah i agree , i'll pass as well . if you have a curfew you shouldn't be on this thread … . do i have to call your mother ? cool i know a great bar just down the street . : tongue : but if i get drunk i warn you i get frisky . : laughing : we have done it countless times how about a coffee or a drink . the thread has gotten off track ... yes i would do you . i am confused ... lol i still don't understand the need for either . : tongue : good night .