' rabblr - chat everywhere that page has a link which you can drag to your bookmarks bar to create a bookmarklet . then clicking the bookmarklet will pop up a chat window onto any page and let you ... facebook profile photo attractiveness - 15 % = actual attractiveness i've never been diagnosed , but i suspect i could be . i've never been suicidal , but then , it's very rare for me to feel particularly excited about life . i don't know what it's like to be ... i stumbled upon this list on wikipedia and found it interesting . it's a list of well-known people who have , or have had , major depressive disorder . it's not just celebrities like angelina jolie ; it's ... the three most difficult things for a human being are not physical feats or intellectual achievements . they are , first , returning love for hate ; second , including the excluded ; third , admitting that ... kudos to you for having the courage to ask . i would if i could , but i'm in the usa . actually , i probably wouldn't because i'd be too shy about it . about the talking thing , i do the same thing . i ... another day , another failure . another defeat for me , another victory for fear . why don't i do what i say i want to do ? why can't i become the person i want to become ? why do i beat myself ... yes , i have the voice too . in fact , we all have it . but some people have become aware that the voice is not who they really are , while others have so strongly identified with the voice that ... yes . in fact , it happened recently ... i bought something online , but i realized too late that i had confirmed my old address . the usps couldn't redirect my package so i had to figure out how to ... check out the teachings of eckhart tolle . i would try to explain it , but he will do a much better job . you can get the pdf of his book the power of now online for free here . and there are a ... tao te ching , chapter 57 if you want to be a great leader , you must learn to follow the tao . stop trying to control . let go of fixed plans and concepts , and the world will govern itself . ... it's probably a p thing . staying up late is sleep procrastination . when i first read that woody allen was an infp i was skeptical , but after watching his recent film midnight in paris , i can totally see it . i had assumed he was a thinking-type because his ... in this case : mr . nice guy = mr . needy guy ironically , men who need women drive them away , while men who don't need women drive them wild . there's a difference between someone who is ... yep . i do this too . introverts on the internet are still introverts . in real life , extroverts prefer to think out loud while introverts prefer to stay silent while they verbalize , re-arrange ... searcher or seeker . either of these words would be more accurate for me than drifter . drifting implies aimlessness . that you don't care where you go . that you'll go where ever the wind ... michelangelo was not trying to paint like michelangelo . he was just trying to paint well ; he couldn't help painting like michelangelo . the only style worth having is the one you can't help . - ... to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best , night and day , to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight ; and never stop fighting . ... the most important person in your life is you . no one can tear you down like you can . no one can build you up like you can . no one can help you if you don't let them . no one can hurt you if ... here's a book on the subject : quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking and here's author's blog : quiet : the power of introverts - by susan cain , introversion ... instead of a chat room , i think it would be ideal if there were an omegle-style chat site out there that allowed for private groups so that you'd be instantly set up with random , anonymous one-on-one ... i've read a lot of the internet ... i think i'm about halfway through . wow , i'm impressed that you made it that far with your music . congratulations ! my problem is that i can't even finish the dozens of recordings that i have started . it's like i get to 90 % done and ... in general : libertarians and liberals would agree on : anti-war / pro-peace foreign policy , anti-corporatism , gay rights , civil liberties , marijuana legalization , compassion / charity for the poor ... oh and , yeah , there are lots of things i don't like about christmas . here's one : i don't like buying gifts for people . luckily , i have no one in my life that would be terribly upset or surprised ... i've heard this too , but according to wikipedia , it's actually a myth . the days of the week , however , do have a predictable correlation with suicide rates . yep , you guessed it : most suicides ... here's the best thing i've ever read about essays . ( yes , it's an essay on essays . ) the age of the essay by paul graham it begins : remember the essays you had to write in high school ? ... i'm not taking the concept of private property any further than it has already been taken . i agree that the idea of owning & selling the air is ridiculous , but then , i never suggested that it wasn't ... clearly you all don't believe that property is a part of human nature . i think it is . how would we go about proving that anything is human nature as opposed to social conditioning ( nature vs ... it can't be about access and not about ownership , because the owner determines access . private property is , by definition , only accessible to the owner or with the owner's permission . so , ... capitalism : an economic and political system in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit , rather than by the state . karl marx , communist manifesto : the ... ever seen / heard of the it gets better project ? this sentiment holds true for any minority – whether it's your race , sexual orientation or mbti type . the more your world expands , the easier it ... i wrote this as a reply in another thread , but i figured i'd post it here too because it could apply to almost any upsetting situation . - - - the first and most important thing is to observe and ... no , it's not . yes , you do . - - - the first and most important step is to observe and accept your feelings . this is a section from the book a new earth by eckhart tolle . it made me think of infp's : the frequency-holders the outward movement into form does not express itself with equal intensity in ... i anticipate this being a problem for me too . i'm 23 and struggling to make that transition from college student to independent working man . but i wonder : what if the secret was not to ... snail , wow , you learned a lot ;) but seriously , thanks for sharing . your post reminded me of this quote from paul graham : rebellion is almost as stupid as obedience . in either case you ... so true . it always blew my mind how many friendships / relationships my enfj ex-gf nurtured & maintained ; her grade-school friends , her high school friends , her dance friends , her family , her ... don't think of feeling as synonymous with feelings / emotions / emotional . i'm an infp , but no one who knows me would describe me as emotional . feeling as opposed thinking means i make ... you might want to look into work-from-home jobs . there are actually quite a few legitimate ones out there . here's the best place i've found to learn more . it's a forum and you'll have to register ... i dated an enfj girl for about two years . all the emotional stuff was wonderful . we were deeply in love , we were loyal , open , honest , trusting . we talked all the time and we loved spending time ... instead of trying to escape the pain , i tend to just wallow in it . the point was not to segregate discussion but to segregate polling in order to find out whether there were differences in male and female answers to the questions . i assumed there would be a ... okay , last poll in order to complement the results from here and here . the results of those polls so far : updated results ( 12/06 / 2011 ): infp females : marriage ? 52 % yes 36 % maybe 11 % no ... it's enough for me to love you from afar from wherever i am to wherever you are allornuthin , + 1 for bomb pasta yeah , i'll never fit the mold of the ideal american husband : hard-working , bread-winning , beer-chugging , football-watching , dependable , reliable , achiever . instead i'm a work-hating , bread-eating , ... sounds nice . i've always wanted this – even though it's a bit taboo for heterosexual guys . still looking for the turk to my jd . i have about 4 close friends , but we're not as close as i wish we ... i'm with redballoon on this one . go natural . i can hardly think of a bigger turn-off then pulling a girl close and being instantly transported to the makeup / perfume section of macy's . i been ... i want love & committed relationship , but i'm very skeptical / cynical about marriage . i don't want to end up like my parents with their loveless , unhappy marriage – which in some ways is worse ... '