' i'm inclined to believe that personality ( i . e . mbti ) is innate . looking back on my little self , i think i was even more of an infp than i am today at 27 ! and this makes sense to me , because with ... this was awesome ; thank you so much for posting it . her message resonated with me so well and even made me tear up a bit ( a rarity ) . no , actually , i didn't start writing in cursive until after hs . i'm not sure why , actually . i guess it was because i had enough trouble mastering ' print ' . i would go through phases as well , changing ... i would do this , too ! ( my best friend had the most beautiful and effortless penmanship . i was so jealous . ) only , mine never really improved much , dammit . i'm glad you created this post , dreamstepper , as i've been curious about this topic for a while only never got around to creating a thread . i'm also pleased to find that most infps seem to have ... * runs away * : blushed : i have ... :( i was 21 and engaged to my bf of 3 years . that summer , i'd planned a trip to santa cruz , ca to visit old friends . i was having serious doubts about our relationship and our ... i love the song ; it's catchy , moving , and easy to relate to . plus , i think he's hot . i think it's popular , especially with the teens , because of the heartache theme , and there's something especially ... hmm . this is a loaded question for me . on one hand , since i'm a christian ( of sorts ) i'd like to be a better one ( e . g . be more self less , loving , kind , faithful etc . ) but , on the other , there are so ... thanks , infpaul , i wasn't aware of this but probably not many , right ? ? i'm an extremely nervous flyer , btw , but for good reason , i think ! ;) ( am i the only one who read this post , assuming the plane crash left no survivors ( as they often do ) and , therefore , the focus being about the depravity the world would feel ? ) i love giving thanks ! i've been feeling pretty down and in need of advice and new perspectives lately so have been lurking like mad on here , thanking hundreds of posts . receiving thanks does ... 27 , 5 ' 4 and slim .. i keep a relatively close eye on my ' figure ' ( i hate that word ) and work to maintain it by eating healthily and doing moderate exercise , like yoga , a few times a week . i don't have ... dann ' s a glass-half-empty kind of guy . ;) that's fine . i agree . i've tested e7 before ( along with 4,5 , 9,1 ( ! ) and i'm totally on board with you , maeve , on craving adventures / new experiences . sometimes i'm all talk though , and spend more time and energy ... ah .. i see . ok , yeah , i can definitely see a preference for fi , then , and it would explain my ability to remain ' calm ' when others freak out . i've also been called ' robotic ' and ' unfeeling ' because ... http://youtu.be/JtH68PJIQLE :: crush :: interesting post .. i was raised primarily by my single father , minus a few years spent in foster care between ages 8-12 . he was definitely inconsistent with his moods and behavior , extremely prone ... great points . i will say , however , don't be fooled by these woman's statements and take them at face value . i'm speaking as a woman and , therefore , feel qualified to offer this advise . we all have ... aw . :( this sounds horrible .. for you both ! yeah , casual sex isn't for me , for reasons like this . i would probably have done the same thing in your situation , though ( the one-night-stand included ) ... so cute . :) oh , isfps .. i secretly wish i were one sometimes .. so detailed , ornate , eloquent , graceful , etc . i think we infps often get into trouble using ' sweeping generalizations ' ( e . g . i won't change my mind & you're a close minded person ) making our intent , therefore , misunderstood due to our fi . is ... yes . i've had a couple , but always felt terribly guilty , got emotionally involved ( even though i didn't know them , really ) and actually expected the guys to call me afterwords ( which never ... being a good friend , wife , sister college , i ' failed ' ( so to speak ) at twice , but eventually want to get my degree playing / writing music you're an ' idealist ' , really ? ;) i think icarusdreams meant what he said and i totally agree that ' true love ' exists when it's mutual - romantic love , that is , between lovers . i have it , and it's ... yesss ! ! ! * * edited * * - - he asked me to marry him / married me ! also , icing on the cake , he is so affectionate , thoughtful , completely supportive , and loves me loads . :) i can totally relate to this . i've been told the same by my friends , pretty much . they no longer of a funstigator since i moved away ! :( and this . i love cooking , and cookbooks , but never ... - yes , i do sometimes test enneagram type 4 .. having a unique style is very important to me and it's also my favorite form of self-expression . facebook used to have a great mbti group ... 42 . whether or not this test is an accurate assessment , i would like to be more empathedic . when i place a high importance on my personal appearence and am always getting compliments on how ' well put together and stylish ' i am - although i disagree but wish it were true . i've listened to this song on repeat about a million times . so good ! neonbomb , thank you so much for your kind words . they were so uplifting . :) but , man , am i thankful for my husband . he is such a blessing . everyone deserves this love and acceptance and i'm so ... imnottheonlyinfp , thanks for sharing this with me . i'm sorry you're so unhappy in your marriage . i can't imagine how awful it must feel to be so disconnected with your spouse , the one person ... i feel you , kito ! this has totally been me the last couple days . i keep saying mean and hateful things to my husband , that i know will make him feel rotten , but can't help myself . i feel like the ... thank you , neonbomb for creating this post and for every one who shared their very personal experiences . basementbugs , my heart goes out to you and i wish you all the very best in overcoming your ... what i really enjoy , though , is getting under the surface of the perceived perpetrator and working to find out who they truly are underneath . this takes some work , depending on the person ( especially ... speaking of the pianist ( really great , btw ) , i saw the piano for the first time recently and thought it was amazing . anna paquin won best supporting actress at age 11 . my dad ( along with many family member's ) was a super conservative christian and i identified as the same until i was about 20 , after i read , the myth of a christian nation by greg boyd . i was amazed ... nice to meet you imnottheonlyinfp - really enjoyed hearing about your family and i look forward to gettin to know eachother better . :) p . s . i briefly dated an entp ( oh and my dad was one too ) ... orangesoda - my question was directed at everyone but i'm always grateful for your insight . :) you know , i don't necessarily believe my smiling and being bubbly is a disguise , actually . i simply ... there is nothing virtuous or admirable about “ fakeness ” , in itself , let ’ s be honest . i believe it ’ s a vice just like hatefulness , greediness , meanness , etc . , and people should treat it as such , no ... i completely agree . often times , what i'm being criticized for , i already know to be true and say , yeah , yeah , i know i need to be better at this . i may also take criticism too well , at times , and ... gosh .. i think i used to be that person a few years ago , oddly enough ( could my wise soul be dying ? ) . the last few years i've felt pretty needy and , because i've moved around so much as well , there ... - this is the most perfect love letter , everything i could ever want to hear and so much more . you're amazing . :) xxx purplelily - this was a cool test , thanks ! mine were all artistic .. but my main code was asi . so , you love it ? ? ? i , honestly , want that too ! i really really want to be a mom and raise my kids at home .. my husband , though , wants to wait until we're more settled financially , so it's not ... or anything lynch-ian , for that matter . aw , see this is what i'm talking about ! this is so so encouraging and i look forward to checking out your blog . :) i'm an idealist and for this reason i believe in marriage . ix92ll explain : yeah , the divorce rate is really really high , and there are also many unhappy marriages that never end in divorce , but ... '