' u200e4 sale : 1 x well worn sense of self control . - easy to abuse - no discipline required and ideal for the slow learner . regretful sale , due to current owner moving to outer space . all ... when i was young i'd imagine my way into character roles fairly often , so i can see what your getting at for sure . i find it to be part of a scanning tendency , where you acutely view things ... evolving without constraint . punctuality and the ongoing battle to try and rationalise why i do the things i do , from working more often than not to the refusal to put my keys where they belong ... just because i have retreated back into my shell doesn't give you the opportunity to kick me around to score yourself extra points . . . your name isn't mario and your not super in any way that i can ... once , when i was around seven and my brother was five , we were dismantling a local banking branch whilst mom was doing her thing ... when a quietly spoken teller wearing familiar looking glasses ... you resemble some kind of yeti creature , covered completely in cat fur , living in a nest of chaos you've created using half written short stories and half eaten food stuffs mashed amongst the other ... history has probably taught me to not fall too easily , but i have learnt the hard way , i do fall deeply in love when it happens .. . . im like a vampire for love . . . its sooo powerful that i ... caring is creepy . . . and i guess i'm a creep , but i know that i'm special , and love this infp rollercoaster more than anything . . . that was an awfully big sigh . cats are cool , they do their thing and i do mine , and quite possibly run most households ... we disagree from time to time and their fur is like itch inducing poison to my skin , but i cant help but ... i've said it before and i'll say it again , reality shows are the fastest spreading audio visual disease to ever infect television ... but free will prevails ... don't watch em ... astounding how ... such shameless destruction of literature i have never seen . . . and why lash out on the full color , cutie kitten coffee table tittles ? if you weren't the most outgoing , organized and punctual ... hey you remind me of that tony robbins guy my cats breath smells like cat food . . . . . : tongue : on another subject entirely - after you make a completely unrelated comment amidst current conversation . could you help me word this . . . . ? - when letters , essays or applications need ... mainstream news services need anti depressants is it just me . . . or is the news slanted just a little toward the negative ? . . . . i do admit the odd cat being rescued by fireman goes some of ... almost anything on film can do it for me and i try to embrace a good cry , if the scene itself were in mute i wouldn't register a tear but with a cheesed out musical score my heartstrings get pulled ... i am jack's raging bile duct . distinctly distant , fantastic and strange , wayward and flaky , home is my brain . the idiosyncratic champions of strange . unusual eccentrics . mental anomalies who wander in wonderment . unconventional exceptionals special messy back seats , how can you ever get comfortable when theres all this neglected crap flying about ? the forgotten treats that were once tasty to eat are now decomposing on the floor and the sticky ... you know you're an infp when ... your rationale has become a very unpopular member of the coalition in a war you've manufactured against your own peculiar tendencies . i only wear the current seasons social camouflage , accessorized with my heart on my sleeve . i have on the rare occasion been known to fashion myself into a semi-functioning human , but it just looks ... i don't look at myself in the mirror because i'm a narcissist , i simply like to watch myself exist ... i obsess over my own internal matters always ... but i don't show it , and try not to ... i wish i were bio mechanical , having a digital tuner with preset frequencies to every one of my favorite emotional states . i also wish that truth and love were more common motives amongst peoples ... i really love personality cafe and i send love to anyone here who could use the pick me up http://www.cheeseslave.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/love.jpg ... i listen to rap . . . i think a lot of people detract from it though . . linguistics and lyricism are tools of some really fantastic contemporary poets . the roots have an original and positive spin ... laughter lines become wrinkles . . except maybe for those who internalize and neglect to smile . . .. just a theory . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA8hzUDXvtk&feature=fvsr something from a neglected pocket of the music family . . . i was one of those kids once upon a time . . . . i was never sure what i was staring at but it wasn't a physicality . . kind of like an attraction to something i couldn't put my finger on , at least ... i am incomplete i have no concern for being perfect i am welcoming evolution and letting the chips land where they may ... chin up bucko . . . : happy : this too shall soon pass i agree the infp mindset can release people from certain restrictions of rational process . i am grateful for it and it helps shape my ongoing belief structure i believe alchemy , metaphysics and ... alone they bare some minor purpose , but together they are the foundations of my comfort zones . . . why cant my socks just get along and accept they work best as a pair ! ! ! > > multifaceted < < or use research , probability and developed sensing to tell them what they wanna hear just to get the job . . . if you want it dear murdergina , i was quite content to skim away and post an obscure reference quote , but you well crafted word-smithery grabbed my attention , applause and also respect . reminds me of ... i'd say fringe dweller strange-ling would circulate amongst those who know me ... underestimated and barely notable to the masses i expect . fear mongering cop shows ! ! ! ! they are the audio-visual aids of tv programming ! ! ! ! teeeveee , what happened man ? you used to be cool : frustrating : : frustrating : ... i would like to give back to the world . . . every negative , cynical , faithless , jaded , resentful ill conceived thought ive previously expressed toward it . apologize , and consider myself ... last partner was 9 years younger , and strangely the partner before was 10 years older , though i'm conscious i'm lacking in traditional barriers of human attraction . the partner older than me ... novelty fridge magnets somehow i learned little in the way linguistics or foreign language in school . being a long term rebel i pretty much agree with earlier commentary regarding resistance to rulings etc . from ... i couldn't say either , her persona offered in interviews and public address has changed heaps . i guess as her market value was gradually realized and interscope hooked her up with some descent acting ... animated avatars to slow motion groin shots , the light hearted and often insightful commentary of fools are something i really enjoy in life . rip bill hicks ive definitely developed an attraction to , or at least increased my interest in the flaws i see in others . adore would probably be a little too strong . empathy is a really overwhelming emotion ... it still amazes me how much dogs can actually look like their owners , i wonder weather its subconscious or intentional . puppy's and pets are known as fairly effective antidepressants too , so ... aside from kristian pisstian in junior primary ( which set me back years ) , the slack talkers just call me kris and my boss has decided to call me any girls name that starts with a c or a k . i ... apologies if this is content thats already covered . . . or if i offend and appear ignorant i'm pretty sure i read somewhere that the accumulated use of my space / face book / bloc pages has ... i realize this distant stare is an infp signature trait , but when someone pulls me up on it and asks what i was actually staring at , its either something obscure like hyper analyzing the shape of an ... '