' it is very annoying to be misinterpreted . especially with regards to your core , to your intentions and desires . like when people keep saying that you're in love with somebody for whom you only had ... x93noble naturesx 85 are few and far in betweenx94.nietzsche , ecce homo x93a man who leaves the house in bright , festive clothes needs only one drop of mud splashed from under a wheel , and people all ... what should you do when you walk down the streets and certain strangers stare at you shamelessly ? and these same people wear t-shirts with death threats ... and later you tell about it and you are ... what should you do when you walk down the streets and certain strangers stare at you shamelessly ? and these same people wear t-shirts with death threats ... and later you tell about it and you are ... what should you do when you're being spied upon and threatened , and all the while done in such a covert way so that you have no way to prove it ? and all coming from a person you believed was your ... x93a man who leaves the house in bright , festive clothes needs only one drop of mud splashed from under a wheel , and people all surround him , point their fingers at him , and talk about his ... 147410 that one's by buddha i read a quite thorough description of 4s by claudio naranjo ( link here : http://personalitycafe.com/type-4-forum-individualist/148114-naranjos-character-neurosis-ennea-type-4-a.html ) . it's long and ... x93i don't know where i'm going , but i'm on my way . x94 carl sandburg i think that vast has a very infj vibe http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZFaZ9ljLu0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EY21CYqGaMw i also love anaïs nin and i think she's infj for sure . i just saw the film version of of human bondage ( 1934 ) and i think that leslie howard is a very clear example of infj . i agree that typical infp writing would be that of dickens . also melville would be a good example . stylistically , i think that infps are vaguer , more roundabout , but also more poetical than ... from herman melville's mardi : x93better to sink in boundless deeps , than float on vulgar shoals ; and give me , ye gods , an utter wreck , if wreck i do . x94 x93when a friend comes up to me in the street , ix92d give a paolo [ money ] for him not to speak to me . merely the sight of someone i know puts me in a bad moodx 85 hence my happiness in strolling proudly ... x93 ... she felt that she had learned something , though exactly what it was she did not know . later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy - - one of those uneventful times that seem ... i find this short monologue from trainspotting absolutely brilliant . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0D4ekTODuA that quote is from letters to a young poet . it's a really great book . i concur . i don't think atticus is an infj . he's so stern , humorless and self-righteous ... i don't think most infjs are that way . if your daily life seems poor , do not blame it ; blame yourself , tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches ; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUH_HVei7L0&feature=related i've never liked science fiction ... i've always felt weird as an infj for that ( since all seem so passionate about it ) . thanks for answering ! i'm an infj and i also think that i'm not very expressive of my emotions , so i might come off as cold sometimes . anyway , there are times when i get overwhelmed and it's ... does anyone think that a major difference ( or manifestation ? ) between fe and fi is that fe-users find it hard ( or even impossible ) to hide their emotions , whereas an fi-user is able to choose when to ... i think it's about : 1 ) discovering what you really value ( what's really important to you ) + finding out your true priorities this is difficult because it might contradict 1 ) expectations of ... jim jarmusch perhaps ? i vacillate between infj and infp ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECDpE4DLzGI feist ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xd12kTpgyo i agree with you . this video seems quite infj to me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQyMmC-LiS0 sure , if being rejected didn't matter to you anymore , you wouldn't be shy ... but i think that would be somewhat unnatural ... i guess that most people do care about being loved and accepted by ... because failing is always a possibility ( e . g . not living up to the expectations people have on you ) . no matter how much you rationalize it , it's always there ... and that's why i think you will never ... i don't believe there is a cure for shyness . shyness is just fear of being rejected , and the painful truth is : rejection is always a possibility . therefore , shyness is a totally natural emotion ... from funny or die http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_qLmC91X_4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_qLmC91X_4 like being with someone who doesn't understand you and with whom you don't feel free to do be yourself . at least , i'd much rather be alone than with somebody who can't understand me . morrissey ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc4wo60f3us an artifact that makes you feel unhappy when you think about it . x93happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing i know . x94 ernest hemingway i relate to what you say . i think that diaries and autobiographies are ideal for that , and also more poignant than fiction , as you know that it actually happened . i'm now reading the diaries of anaïs ... i also worry about it . i usually try to find a topic that interests me , and hopefully the other person will be interested too , if only because of my enthusiasm for the topic ... at least that way i'm ... i usually have the same problem . if it doesn't catch my interest , it's a pain to plod through it ... if you want an interesting read i would recommend the summing up by somerset maugham , and the ... do you think an infj would act like this ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Wq6VeeYZQY i recently read this passage from somerset maugham's the summing up . love passes . love dies . the great tragedy of life is not that men perish , but that they cease to love . not the least of evils ... heard this quote in an interview and wrote it down . it's not reported it verbatim as some expressions sounded quite repetitive in written form . x93thatx92s like the biggest kick in life that i think ... babel - the story of the japanese deaf-mute girl . i think this scene is a great depiction of loneliness http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgSqCf6rafA the match factory girl - aki kaurismaki la vie de bohème - aki kaurismaki black swan - darren aronofsky darjeeling limited . the main characters ( 3 brothers ) all seem somewhat like lost in life outsiders to me . the summing up by w . somerset maugham . it's an autobiography in which the author discusses some major events in his life , interspersed with comments on his own personality , which i find ... the summing up by w . somerset maugham . it's an autobiography in which the author discusses some major events in his life , interspersed with comments on his own personality , which i find extremely ... the darjeeling limited . the most beautiful film i've seen . 21 grams . '