' my sixth sense i think an infj male would actually be a perfect match for me . now if i could simply find one ... infj i hate crying in front of people but i swear i'm always on the verge of tears . i cry all the time . i just cried watching breaking bad . i'm crying right now . the tears are endless . im either ... thanks for sharing your wonderful story ! i definitely have had some experiences like that growing up , which is probably why christmas is so special to me . if only people gave like it was christmas ... i'm my own ideal person so if a male version of me exists then where u at bro marry me why must male infjs be so rare :( lol the infj one is so accurate https://www.theguardian.com/fashion/shortcuts/2015/dec/02/hairdresser-quiet-chair-cut-without-the-chitchat it's real lol it's funny because i hate getting my hair cut for that specific reason . even if i bring a book with me the hairstylist will always try to chit chat with me . i'm just here for a hair cut lady ... ok i have long hair and have had it for most of my life , but what i want to know is why most of the female infjs i know have dark hair and blue eyes ( myself included ) . i wonder if growing up with ... take a gander if u want https://www.instagram.com/aubreyospaghettio/ idk if this has been done before but i wanted to get a list of recommendation of movies / books / tv shows that an infj might like . mostly for my sake . lol all i can think of is the hunchback of notre ... now that you mention it , my mom and i do move our hands the same way when talking , and so do my sisters . however , my sisters and mom don't usually maintain eye contact when listening , at least not to ... i was watching this video of an interview between edward norton and bendict cumberbatch ( who i believe are both infjs ) , and i noticed a lot of similarities between their mannerisms . they both use ... i've seen her typed as both ( and a few other types ) , but i personally have always really related to kiki , especially when i was younger , and i feel like infj is the perfect fit for her . how she ... anybody watch 91 days ? i think angelo is pretty obviously intj corteo : infp nero : entp my sister is one and i hate her so 587466 tombo ( entp ) and kiki ( infj ) from kiki's delivery service ? not sure nfs would be amity sps would be dauntless nts would be erudite sjs would be abnegation idk where candor fits in also i hated the books and never watched the movies so i got a mongrel dog . didn't really like the pottermore test though , it was too vague . on other patronus tests i get rabbit mostly . i don't know if she is an infj or not , but i have always related a lot to kiki from kiki's delivery service . she's so similar to me it's like i'm watching myself . definitely one of my favorite movies ... i loved wolf's rain but man that ending mushishi hunter x hunter death note soul eater moribito fullmetal alchemist brotherhood twelve kingdoms silver spoon assassination classroom as for recently , i'm getting into martial arts and self defense type stuff . yeah , when i'm cooking i just make stuff up as i go . when i go with my gut , the most genius things happen ! ... nope none that i know of so what those ladies are saying is , if you're attractive , you must get a lot of girls , so you're probably a cheater . that's stupid . and biased . 23000 so i seem to be about average ? thanks for posting this , it was interesting . :) what ? some people don't have that inner dialogue ? i'm shocked ... i'm always arguing and discussing things with myself.there is constant chatter . it's really annoying . i think it's environmental ( maybe a little genetic too ) , at least for me it is . my childhood and most of my teen years ( especially my teen years ) were kinda strange compared to most . i've lived a ... kiki from kiki's delivery service infj , ravenclaw , thunderbird i had a feeling i would get thunderbird .. but yeah the traits for the houses were very vague . i hope we get more information soon . this isn't exactly relevant but ... neither i'm a wreck in the morning and i'm a wreck if i stay up late i need sleep 24/7 omg yes .. and when i'm with my entj brother it gets even worse because we both pick up on things that other people wouldn't notice . and when one of us starts laughing we both start laughing . but ... heating pads man ... they are a life saver . heck , if you don't have one , fill a sock with rice and microwave it for a bit . when you find another infj irl ... http://i68.tinypic.com/1zqsohy.png one time i ate spaghetti-os and threw up yeah ... being an infj can be hard .. i need someone to stroke my ego . ;) i'm good with money because i raised to be that way . same with most practical matters . my mom was a stay-at-home mom and i was homeschooled so she taught me how to cook & clean and how to run a ... going to school to become a teacher , but my dream job was always veterinarian . i know ! they had such a good connection . but i feel like rakushun always thought that he wasn't good enough for youko because she was a queen and he was a hanjyuu ... i heard about the novels but ... intj fe is exhausting sometimes http://i66.tinypic.com/33e4lqa.jpg uh not really what kind of test is this lol oh i read the bottom part i am both rational and instinctive . i value self-knowledge and understanding of ... a few of the contradictions and the hopeless romantic with w / dirty mind ah yes hitler ... that's the first thing i tell someone when i meet them hi i'm aubrey i have the same personality ... you forgot believe it cool cool i disagreed with about 10 % of it these things are never 100 % accurate .. but it's beautiful .. so organized and aesthetically pleasing i got 80 % i found this on pinterest and i needed to share its beauty .. does anyone else love glorious charts like this ? please share them with me . i love them . the infj infographic ... | misterpink infp i like it , it's cute i finished it and it was really good ! youko is probably my favorite female anime character now . i don't see any ni at all in her ... she definitely uses fe though . i can only see her as an isfj ... vomit none math is disgusting pull the lever cronk '