' i hate phonecalls so i prefer texting or e-mails . the latter is better for me though ; texts are usually too short for me to say what i want to say the way i want to say it . i should be thankful you're reminding me of the fact that this is one-sided ... but i still wish you weren't so dense about what i feel for you ! open your eyes , goddammit ! stop being so insensitive ! ... if i like someone i usually try my best to not let them see so there are probably not direct signs . however , if their name is mentioned somewhere , i immediately go into full attention mode , with my ... i don't have a romantic intp partner , but one of my closest friends is an intp . she's extremely adorable while at the same time sharing my dislike for bigoted douchebags , and even though we argue ... if i don't want to talk about it , i say i'm fine , and then i tend to get annoyed when people ask me are you sure ? because it makes me want to talk about it even less . if they're people i'm ... thanks for you guys ' concern about the tortoises , today my parents agreed to see a vet . in fact , it's even better now since they want to look for a reptile expert since our old one closed down ; it ... i was talking badly about the uni i was applying to but a worker there overheard it and got pissed at me . i took a walk with her , apologizing several times , and while she seemed still mad , i also ... i'm competitive in a way that makes me happy when i win at something because it gives me more confidence in my abilities . the same with losing , it makes me sad because i feel like i could've done ... i like having money and buying things , but not just for the sake of having money or buying things . i like having money because it makes me feel secure - if i need something , i can just buy it . and i ... i hardly ever cry because i'm sad . i cry when i'm really angry ( for example when i'm arguing with my parents and they just don't understand what i'm trying to say ) or tear up when a book is touching , ... it's something with their breathing , with one of them almost always making little wheezing sounds when breathing ( a bit like when your nose is partially clogged and you breathe in and it does that ... my tortoises are obviously sick but my parents are against taking them to the vet . i can't stop crying because i already have enough nightmares about them dying in horrible ways and every day when i ... i'm strongly against capital punishment . no one should be able to decide over life or death , and in my opinion not even the cruelest serial killer and rapist deserves to die . i feel like capital ... people are so interesting , a world without them would be horribly dull . still , i'd rather observe them do their stuff from afar than involve myself with most of them . the ones i do get involved with ... i want to stab some people in the face with a pitchfork . sadly this would be considered inappropriate and would go against my pacifist ideals and my hatred of violence . still , the pitchfork would ... i'm pretty sure the only thing that made the people discussing with you angry in the past was people like you saying this absolutely misogynistic shit . other than that , i agree with what wild 12397 ... i only like sports i can do all by myself ; i hate working out in front of others . the only thing i can do in public is swimming but i'm bad at that , so i don't really plan on doing that ... i don't know the type of my previous partners , but right now i have an incredible crush on an enfp . i relate to many answers in this thread ; i am very patient and i hardly ever snap or something because i myself would feel horrible if someone suddenly exploded at me and i want to spare others that ... i have potential and i know that , but i find myself using it for unnecessary things . the only thing it really helped me with was my grades since i hardly ever studied and wrote good exams anyway . but ... i understand this feeling of having one negative comment making your entire resolve crumble ... i experience the mean internet comment phenomenon too , i can't even bear people telling me i made a ... i like music with catchy beats , melodies that make me feel magical things or good , not too standard lyrics . a song is pretty good if it has one or two of these things , but if they're combined it's ... i helped my crush ( who is also a really good friend - deadly combination , i know ! ) with finding his type today and he turned out to be an enfp . we spent the entire afternoon laughing about how we are ... i feel lonely because i want to be understood , but no matter how much i try to explain myself to people , they never seem to get all aspects of me . i just want someone to look at me and say : hey , i ... oh , you're one of these people . sorry for trying to start an argument with you , i didn't realize it would be utterly pointless . this opinion seems to be quite unpopular among older people : dubstep is fantastic , catchy music . my zodiac sign , aries , is all about character traits i don't have at all . i don't see the point in thinking about it . it depends . i used to have really bad body issues , disordered eating behaviors and i was a total mess about how i looked like . over time , i've learned to accept my body and that just by losing weight ... because such a thing as a slut doesn't exist . it's a misogynistic concept designed by people who think women shouldn't have sex for enjoyment . i'm so fed up with causing people extra trouble , even if it's just strangers having to look for a file for me . i'm so tired of my reasons for not wanting to do things being dismissed as overly ... september 28 i finally have found something to look forward to . it doesn't matter if the one person i love and admire so much and i will get together , if we will stay friends , if we will never ... it's okay if someone vents even though they have a good life because hey , everyone can feel pissed about whatever they want . but when people just won't stop complaining about insignificant things all ... most of my friends are introverts so they can relate to me and my only extrovert friend understands and knows ( partly from experience ... ) that it's for everyone's best when i avoid people during ... prison psychologist . it's a job that's very hard to get and i think i won't be able to write grades good enough for a psychology course at university . i'm not a fan of classical music , meaning i don't listen to classical radio and shout ah , it's bach ! , but i enjoy listening to some stuff . i don't know if it counts as classical ( it probably isn't ... i can't even scream into a pillow , not even when i'm home alone . i'd feel like i've gone completely insane - hell , i can be sitting around in class trying not to start shaking or anything , thinking ... life would be boring if we knew everything , and i'm happy that's never going to happen because the universe is endless . i enjoy thinking about the big things humans can't easily comprehend , but small ... i feel surprisingly nice . i expected my anxiety to explode as soon as i saw the school building , but so far it's been pleasant . the people i'm sharing an apartment with this year are nice . i've ... i am almost certain that i will never get my dream job . september 8 school starts tomorrow . i'm looking forward to seeing my friends but the idea of writing my final exams this year is giving me a metaphorical headache . everything is giving me a ... deutsch wird hier ja mehr gelernt , als ich dachte ! i'm going to pick up chinese again next year and when i'm out of school and finding the time i'll properly start learning japanese again . if youre a virgin ... which i certainly am ... have you ever had the opportunity to have sex ? kind of . i would have been fourteen though and wouldn't have wanted to do it . every other opportunity ... thanks to everyone who actually answered ... i was pretty anxious last night and now i'm a bit embarrassed for the post ; i went to bed after almost crying because i peeked under my bed , expecting a ... i don't know what to do , i don't know what to call this but i keep seeing insects and spiders in the corners of my eyes , i keep jumping off my bed and then there is nothing , i just saw something huge ... i post pretty personally here as well as on other sites , thankfully my real name is pretty common ( i googled myself once and was on the second page ) . i used another nickname than usually despite that ... i've been gone for three days but it feels like an eternity , school is right around the corner again , monday is the day i leave for the next trip and all i want to do is to get some rest ... why do i have to grow up ? why do i have to become an adult ? i don't want this . i'm so scared of this . and i'm glad this topic won't come up again until sunday . i've never been so glad that i'm ... i'm going to confess : i lie a lot . i wouldn't be able to bear getting into a fight with someone because i told the truth . it's only about small things though , i would never tell someone i liked them ... i get along fine with my parents , i guess . my dad is the working person of the family and sometimes all that's on his mind is his job , he even told me once that he gave up his friends for his ... i love coffee in all variations and it's impossible to get through school without it . but about cats ... i'm a dog person . cats are cute but they can get too arrogant ; i can live alongside them but ... '