' one thing i find funny about rereading this thread is finding people who jump in to talk about how they annoy themselves ( presumably as an intp ) but they have since changed their mbti to something ... art is my main obsession i have lots of characters . when i was young i'd draw species of animals and made up things and name them . i still measure everything basically on visual input and ... i get the support-panic too . i hate needing to be helped . collaboration is best . yeah i had some anxiety / panic issues in college . hmm , i would say try to get things done on your own as much as ... a ) what phone model do you use ? htc vivid ( shitty old model looking to get something else cheap and reliable ) b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? two hands sideways c ) what do you use your ... so you're my extroverted brother huh weird i'm just going to watch . dear intj # 1 we had a good run , didn't we ? we were competitive and accelerated each other's growth as artists . there were a lot of things we didn't understand about each other , but that ... dear istp # 1 you're pretty adorable . you amaze me how you can spew cute bullshit like a cuddly animoo and also have a heated , curse-filled debate on politics that doubles as humorous and ... 1 . have you ever been confused about finding your true self ? yes . my life is marked by different stages and shifted personalities . sometimes i wish i could return to one because i liked it a ... hey now .. we're trying to help i wish you luck . he might not know how to handle a crisis of yours , not sure . i know if someone breaks in front of me , it feels kind of contagious , and i might want to save my head by leaving them alone for awhile . ... sex =/ = maturity , and if things are going badly it's probably best not to be banging on top of all that .. i think there's some trick to finding out how you must function on your own as well as ... well , i'm a girl but i dislike touching . maybe he allows it because you were friends , but if he was mad at you and you were trying to elicit a reaction it might have made him angrier . i know i get ... i grew up wanting to be a paleontologist and had a lot of interest in the sciences , usually reading up on dinosaurs , remembering facts about them and their naming and classification . i mostly liked ... : | but .. that's like me all the time , except not so much the crying actually my periods aren't too different from my everyday experience , i just feel a little more sad and defeated than usual , ... enfj friend : sometimes i swear you hate me . intp me : ( for the umpteenth time ) no , i don't hate you . one time while we were having a usual bout of misunderstanding each other completely , we ... hmm , yeah . i think the theory is alright . like , i find if i don't fit a situation , i tend to mold a little bit until i fill a role , even if it exhausts me . i think my core needs remain the same ... skull shape sounds kinda like flimsy science ( spinal fluid separates brain from skull anyway ) and i think they tried that stuff in the past touching releases fear too hugging is kind of a given norm i got used to , for like coming and going of people you don't see in a great while . that , or showing appreciation . with people i don't know , i'd rather not touch ... i have a bunch of j friends and they remark on some occasions that i seem to hate everything , which is kind of a hurtful blanket statement ! there is a short list of things that i totally get pure ... did it - i'm apparently not concerned with matching clothes but mismatched clothes bother me if it were my luck like ... an intp x intp pairing would produce some like esfj paradox children it sounds like you're attached and wanting control when there is no longer a situation to control anymore . maybe he can sense that , and is trying to deal with it a bit impersonally like asking you ... i developed my own shorthand at one point to make writing and reading easier , but it's indecipherable for the most part . i had to write a comic for comics class , and it felt too weird to let ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvSfdtb_foE it's funny because i'm all way for prog rock , but can't stand jazz ! i find some humor in bad lyrics but overall i'm even a sucker for ... i think we should incorporate farts into famous pop star's routines anyway , it's six of one and half dozen of the other umm , music and art are some of our most entertaining / pleasing things . but ... story of my life yeah ! usually intps are pretty limited or focused . i kind of am , i only want to do one thing like really well , but i think a lot of those things sound fun . it's great you branched out . don't ... i'm saying some of us are skeptical of our typing , like i'm artistic for example and intps are usually cast as mathematical . but on most accounts i seem to match . it was in ref to your comment ... welcome ! like lucas i tend to post a bunch and forget a few months , then come back and post a bunch again . there are usually some good discussions going on at any point . i may not be a super match ... i don't think i've had a close relationship with an infp , but i have had some acquaintanceships with infps . i once read that intp's fe plays the aspirational role , meaning that they think it's a ... what if this is all a simulation and someone else is playing the game contemplating the tiny rectangular soaps , feeling morose from how chilly and damp it is , and how scratchy the bed cover is . when i took the myers briggs test for the first time , i was like oh , well they're going to put me in with the artisans or whatever , because i always score as like a creative fluffy artist so i was ... in ref to mr . lemon's stuff about showing feelings , i feel if there isn't enough feeling-talk in a conversation ( perhaps with another thinker ) i fill the gap with the feely talk . but if someone ... i had 5 or 6 friends that were intj , i didn't know until later . i think i subconsciously gravitate towards them because they are up-front thinker types . i've also had trouble with them though , like ... i had depression since i was 14 , so i kinda wonder about my typing too sometimes . but there are parts of me that fit the type , that i have always remembered being . sometimes i get that 3rd - person ... if your detail oriented / perfectionistic tendencies were about second guessing yourself or exploring all the possibilities it'd sound a little intp , but if they are more just about making sure things ... bows and sniper rifles i like the thought of being stealthy / hidden when i make my shot , and also the precision it requires i want to bring this one back : ) i'm left handed , artistic , but am intp . my avatar is an unfinished picture i did around 3 years ago . proving analytics can be fairly right brained . i learned yesterday that xylitol is an alcohol based sugar used a lot in chewing gum because it's a kind of sugar that bacteria can't eat / helps kill them . it's totes uninteresting .. and hardly ... i can't go to sleep at night without thinking about all the pain and suffering in the world . augh , i am having flashbacks to a friendship with an intj . from what i learned from a similar situation , they don't really want to be consoled ( if they do , they will initiate it ) , or they don't ... i find leaving the best option . when i was younger i thought that'd be sad , but i guess not really , especially when you spend a long time away like college . my mom ( isfj ) isn't bad but she has ... listen to all the monologues and dialogues in my head , make up and continue story plotlines , draw a lot , internet . most of my friends now are intjs , and i had one back in middle school / high school which was through the roof . first i'll say not all of them are the same of course . and the only child intj was ... i clearly saw a truck pulling in today but i still walked in front of it because i was holding an imaginary dialogue in my head . i read the first post but i'm kind of tl ;D r'ing really hard on the rest my reaction is leave that man alone nobody should have to bend backwards like you did , that's sick . if he enjoys pushing ... it goes something like this : now this is the story all about how my life got flipped , turned upside down ... : p sometimes i may stay awhile sorry , i'm crashin ' your thread intps think they're so clever what's even up with that .. '