' isfj ... ? my whole freakin ' ocean of life dreams has drained to a desert in the time span of five days . why can't there just be a horizontal line on my levels of hope so they can stay up instead of crashing ... ixxj isfj is my best bet ... naive if you ever want to quit your day job ... i suggest analyzing mbti usernames ... entj don't ya ' just love perc ? the internet is you best friend to look up all the really pointless questions you want answers to . so awesome ... istj ... there's not even a speck of effort to that guess right there ... too tired to think about it right now ... sorry ... ... when you stop everything to somehow record that one awesome thought you had . this leads to about half an hour of staring off into space before you realize that little nag at the back of your mind ... isfp ... am i close ? ! am i close ? ! ;) making a list of people you hate ... so productive ... one of the best uses of time , that's for sure ... i've decided to stick with love , hate is to great a burden to bear . - martin luther king jr ... what is a quality of your myer briggs type that you love and would never want to change ? most of us have one little aspect of our personality we wish to alter or erase but , on the positive side ; what ... ... just ... wow ? high horse ? ! ! * gasp * fyi ... it is a unicorn , thank you . it's a negative for me ... if they've passed on , i've probably already spent years coming to terms with that . a clone would be them but , not them . a clone could never be truly human or as mysterie ... i totally wish i couldn't think up these fictional scenarios in my head ... stunt is someone volunteering ? ... when you use a common phrase to get people to open up but , they're used to people not meaning it so they like i'm fine or no , everything's good . you just look at them pleadingly for a full half ... pints pains ssssnake ... 🐍 certain aspects of the description fit very well but , others such as ; highly suspicious , fickleness and jealousy do not . it seems that 70 % of a snakes negative qualities do not ... faint saint yanks ... your friends laugh at you because you are very passionate when talking about a silly topics that you love ... ounce minds times 🕚 remit silly ... :D shell slush exactly why i read old posts . i break all the promises i've made to myself . now , i'm viewed as a emotional idiot by people who once saw my as a strong , reliable person . i'm strongly considering taking a job in wildlife protection ... ... in school you did the entire project instead of just working with your talkative partner , who happened to think conversation meant you replying to their pointless chatter ... you see the way ... just because something is alive doesn't mean it has value you mean ; wonderful exciting interesting real different yeah , i do ... that song wasn't playing out loud ... was it ? * facepalm * no problem , why wouldn't i want to help ? you look like my dog . my dog's cute ... sounded so much better in my head ... me : - they ... i try to avoid debates as they are usually passionate and very heavy subjects . letting loose my sarcasm coated tongue is unlikely unless it's on another's behalf , repeated stupidity , or ... you caught ... i'm going for in ... * pause * ... tp ? infp - 6/10 ... you leave that melted ice cream on the sidewalk instead of washing it off ... ants are people too ! ... when everyone is talking about the big party over the weekend then , someone turns to you and asks did you go ? you proceed to raise an eyebrow like obviously , you don't know me well . eased spark 1.do your best in school . 2 . tell your parents flat out , you don't want to live their dream ! 3 . know they only want the best for you . 4 . follow your heart and where your true talents lie . 5 . be ... i've been described as head in the clouds and feet on the ground . i can always become in absorbed with other worlds , people and ideas in my mind , but those around me know i keep very much in touch ... if you were directly affected by this tragic event of not , what does 9/11 mean to you ? 193674 kites '