' i noticed i gravitate towards flowy elegant styled things , ponchos as an example . it's literally a blanket you put over your head , can it get any better than that ? ! & yup , i also love dresses ... already said this before but i relate to hiccup from httyd so much . that is so weird to read because it is so specifically relatable . 100 % especially something like that ! and yes playing with things on desk = always an option another thing that i do is i ... describes my life i take foreverrr to do many things . eating - i was always the last one left in the cafeteria ( but that is also partly because i didn't want to be part of the massive crowd ... describes my life i had a meltdown this morning . but then i remembered what i want in life , to be a leader , which is impossible if i can't pick my own self up . the practice paid off , being self aware and not letting ... i feel like this was supposed to be serious but the mental image is so adorable that it made me laugh [ emoji 81 ] paying for friends is what i don't understand ... like ... legit don't understand how someone could genuinely do that i have lots of values , but when i see people blatantly hurt people or animals ... wow . add an arrogant attitude in the mix , a lack of humility ... and i'm done . i'm actually really easy going , but if i ... i've had that all my life , social anxiety , it's debilitating so i've come up with some ways that stop it . - pinch / scratch myself lol this is more something i did when i was little because the ... oh man . i just saw peterson's pic in the thread thumbnail and i just came here to like this lol i looked at multiple definitions of sororities already and i still don't understand what it is oh my catness i'm dead . but how did they not smell it ? the cat litter ? ? : laughing : this is deep lmao that is sooo cuuute and relatable ! put a smile on my face . oh my catness this reminds me of a filiciois high school love story ... get ready for the cringe ... starring random intj dood and my ... i'm extraordinarily questionable of the type of people who actually enjoy hunting . it's one thing to hunt to survive . it's a whole different ballgame to do it for sport . straight up doesn't jive with ... i've never know any esfjs in any close manner at all , but with an enfj ... love them to pieces . they are unhealthy though . one thing that irks me is how she seems to have a tendency to try and sell me ... the downy one i died [ emoji 23 ] i always say that everything i do is dependent on my feelings towards it . i need meaning in my life . i love doing things that are fulfilling to this meaning . i put more importance on understanding ... how to cure estjitis : 1 . hug her ... 2 . again ... 3 . and again ... 4 . and again ... woah ! i was definitely not expecting the replies on the enfj side to be this harsh . : laughing : intj_female no but really , still hope everything turned out okay ! : tongue : i can relate . the act is a trash way to measure skill level . i got an unbalanced score , i don't remember the exact numbers but pretty sure it was similar to yours , only switch the subjects . much , ... tell me about it ! this is actually one of the weirdest things to me . i am the most passionate , go-getter person i know when fi is activated towards a value . we are simply motivated differently . it's ... yes , i can especially relate to this . thanks guys <3 i'll take this advice . love all the experience / info / whatever that i can get . thanks again . means a lot . spaceman spacey ! it was initially improving , much thanks to your guys's ... i have a problem . that i'm working on . it's gotten better , and will continue to get better , but it's still a problem . ever since i began to learn how to love more , to appreciate . i forgave ... i'm ... confused . this sounds as if you're talking about some kind of oddly specific , yet simultaneously vague , concept , like some random personal experience , with a single person , then applying that ... actually yeah i struggle with this too . i feel like i also embody a sense of rushing whenever people start talking to me in some way . in school i remember practically running to my classes when this ... i'm not by any means saying anything about , cheating capitalism . but rather , making an effort in understanding how it is designed . i think imbalance is the main issue . i think a lack of ... lmao ! i have so much to say in response to this . i was just gonna say recently how amazing i think you are . & your reply to that post was amazing lol . well not just because we agreed , but i relate ... yes ! i was just about to type this yesterday . lol it does appear as though we share a very similar mindset on many things [ emoji 14 ] some of the least politically correct people i know , are also ... it is depression , but his personality is different and i usually get really good results with him when i ask intps for help when it comes to communicating , understanding him better , and all that good ... have you looked into ramiel nagel's stuff about it ? he's a bit on the creepy side tbh , and i don't agree with all of his advice , but a lot of it is actually on point when it comes to curing cavities ... i need some pointers . i struggle with my unhealthy intp . he's either incredibly direct with what he says , or not at all . what i mean by the latter , is that it's very hard sometimes to tell ... life story ? ! moar infp kryptonite ! if i didn't have a headache i'd be typing away right now the social aspect of it can be terrible . my , fun and fitness class occured in the same dome and hour as the , weight lifting class . let's just say that wasn't the smartest pairing ever . it ... lol i do the twist and tuck this is hilariously relatable ! smackedy dabbady doo , so bippity boppity you love this you have to treat it like any skill . just because you can't physically see your brain working , doesn't mean it's not actually working / changing . it takes practice to get your mind used to defaulting ... lmao . i'm dead . because i just got done typing that out , with the conscious intention of making my ramble relevant . [ emoji 14 ] yes . yes . yes . they do that lol i noticed intps say , ... infps are the opposite of domineering , that's the core of their personality , and struggle with low self esteem . my anger is not explosive , it's passive agressive . she sounds like an unhealthy version ... i have to call customer service . i hate utilizing my voice with the phooone ! i cri edit : yay i faced my fear , and she was really nice ! i was wondering what the difference was between the ... pride and prejudice ? i feel like i am pretty cheesy , so my cheesy radar probably isn't the best [ emoji 28 ] especially with something involving romance + idealistic + meaningful librarian 25 + ! ? this amazes and makes me so happy . that would be epic if we could bring austen back to life , and show her how timeless she is . the reaction would be priceless . this is why i am ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH0ci_J8RVY https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2011/jan/11/irish-giant-genetic-mutation-growth-disorder okay , wow . that is creepy and disgusting . i never ... jane austen ? i'm fine with anything tho who's the author of 1974 ? i love these so much for some people , history is simply what your wife looks good standing in front of . itx 92s whatx 92s cast in bronze , or framed in sepia tones , or acted out with wax dummies and period furniture . it takes ... '