' wow , if i could delete this and redo now , i would . here's what it most likely is , in my opinion : claire - entj phil - esfp luke - intp alex - intj haley - estp jay - istp for everyday stuff , i usually wear my pewter-colored sperrys . for going out , i wear wedges . i love how heels look on me , but i have small feet ( which get sore from walking in heels much more ... i don't know about you guys , but this might be my biggest pet peeve . dear isfj mom , you're a fucking coward . sincerely , your daughter hypothetical scenario : there's a job i really want . i know i would be great at it , but i don't meet one of the technical qualifications . i'm nervous , and i have terrible writer's block . i can't ... hypothetical scenario : there's a job i really want . i know i would be great at it , but i don't meet one of the technical qualifications . i'm nervous , and i have terrible writer's block . i can't ... dead-on . if i've gotten to the point that i can be an asshole , it means i'm comfortable with you . fine ! i hate all of you , too . i'll follow you . ( take that however you wish . ) also , if anyone's interested , i'll message you my handle . or you can just get on with your life . your choice , really . yup ! the other day , my mom was playing with my 4 - month-old puppy in our back yard . she ( the dog ) was really excited to play with this coconut she found . my dad had just gotten home , so we stepped out ... ever feel like your brain is just loud ? more often than not , my inner monologue drowns out everything external . in conversation , i constantly have to ask people to repeat themselves , and in utter ... those are all valid notions . i wouldn't say my post is a reflection of infjs as a whole ; rather , it's just a description of what my limited experiences have been . whaaat ? awesome ! the one infj i know of in real life , i absolutely love . laid back , well-mannered , generous , fun . also , very interested in discussing the types of topics i love talking about . online ... to be ... i guess it depends on how many buffers there are . ten entps with 40 non-entp buffers might not be that bad . ten entps with , like , four non-entps might not go so well . and ten entps with ten estjs ... my istp boyfriend once got really insulted when we were in the middle of a fight and i said something like , you obviously don't care . weird thing is , i wasn't even trying to piss him off . i still ... i haven't read any of the other posts , so someone may have said this already , but here it is anyway . i have no shame in saying that when it comes to stuff i don't feel like doing , i am for sale ... thank you . you and devoid are always so helpful ! i'm 22 , unmarried , and my boyfriend and i now live 1,300 miles away from each other . probably not the best time to go the mommy route , haha . ... oh , i've been networking , etc . big time . i just need some advice on ways not to get lazy or discouraged in between . advertising . i'd like to go into ad copywriting or social media . i am now officially unemployed . ( it wasn't a bitter or cold-blooded firing or anything like that . i was just in a year-long paid internship , which i knew from the beginning was going to end around ... i couldn't . even if i did find him to be unpredictable , i'd understand his thought process too well to feel any kind of spark . in order to develop some kind of sustainable passion or emotional ... i'd like to thank this twice . most of the istps i know of are fantastic with animals . what kind of pets do you have ? what are they like ? how do they fit into your lifestyle ? bellisaurius , you've got kids , right ? get in on this . it's kind of like orange , but without all the reddishness . stop laughing , i'm serious ! all joking aside , i'm wondering about entps as parents or pet-owners , etc . if you are one , what's your approach like ? if you aren't one but know one , what do you ... - sometimes you may have a hard time understanding why having your heart in the right place and giving people space are not mutually exclusive . i guess i'm flirty by most people's definitions . most of the time , though , it's just that i have a sick sense of humor , and guys that are interested tend to take it as flirting rather than ... all of that sounds really sweet , yet it's the least istp thing i've ever heard of an istp doing . i learned something new today . nice . both . my istp boyfriend and i are long-distance , but today ( valentine's day ) he surprised me with an e-mail of a gift certificate for a massage at a spa near where i live . his explanation after i ... i don't get dressed unless i've got somewhere to go . when i'm home , it's yoga pants and a tank top or t-shirt . i'll do my hair and makeup in the morning , but other than that , i could stay in pj's ... thanks . if i knew her , i'd probably have a better answer . it's obviously too soon to ask her to be a gf ; just ask her to dinner . it sounds like you already did that , though , so i dunno what to ... bro , that was your cue to move things along . it seems like the problem isn't so much that you can't deal with women as you just can't bring yourself to reward behavior that is so transparent ... absent-mindedness and poor eyesight obviously aren't type-specific , but i'm curious to hear some theories as to what type mr . magoo might be . suggestions ? that's exactly what i mean . one of the recurring themes of the series is harvey's tendency not to be emotional , and rare moments where he does show emotion are consistent of those with tertiary fe ... it's just weird . i added a little more to my original post before i saw your reply . check back if interested . i would agree with the fi statement if i didn't think there were a stronger case for tertiary fe . ... i see where you're coming from with both . i think he's too abstract to be an estp ; his inclination to seek out patterns and underlying meanings suggests more ne than se . as for entj , they really ... whatever the activity , i feel most in my element at night . i think it's because i associate daytime with pressure to do things that i don't really care for ( errands , chores , small talk with people ) ... don't try too hard , or at all , if you can help it . there's nothing more refreshing than effortless authenticity . i can't stress enough how miserable / frustrated / annoyed it makes me to be around ... most estjs and unstable enfjs . same . my room is always dead silent and pitch black at night ( i even put stuff in front of my laptop to block the charging light ) , and i still can't fall asleep . maybe if i throw on some relaxation ... this . serious question . this is something i have not been able to do for years . literally , years . i can't fall asleep at night . i just end up lying awake thinking for hours and hours on end , then ... most things . ... the contents of your purse spill out everywhere while you're driving .  ... you're showing someone a video that streamed just fine the last 19 times you watched it on your own , and now ... intentionally funny or not , this made me crack up . ridgebacks ( thai and rhodesian ) are awesome . '