' i don't know if this is the right place for this question , but you always give me the best advice . so i'll post it here to see what happens with it ok ? so i have a new friend in my life and we got ... i recognise so much in this sadly enough . not being aloud to have multiple thought patterns and that they think i am directly opposing if i disagree ... so much relate ! the validation is good to ... dear obvious isfp . i didnt even think i would like you . but i am so weak for your physical ways and goddamn prettiness . you are so present and i fell for that again - you told me how you wanted to ... please fellow infjs tell me to let him go . to stop waiting . to stop re-reading stuff . to stop imagining him forgiving me and telling me i was right . to say he wants to be with me . why is it always so ... i felt exactly the same way after just watching the trailer . yeah , i don't get this either actually . i feel awkward when infj's do that . and somewhere in my mind i am thinking a real infj wouldn't brag about their rarity . i need to just write this somewhere because i feel so confused . i dated this guy and i was trying to trust him with my thoughts and he said he was very open to all kinds of ranting and i shouldnt ... we tried to talk before i left , i said stuff in a ni kind of way ... he said stuff in a ni kind of way so now i kind of know how it feels to be hit with ni when it tries to talk in the moment about ... sorry , didn't tell you the whole story . he was in therapy - he isn't anymore . i don't know if this came from him or an idea from the therapist . but i would rather find out about his cheating from the ... i think it might be the fact that i recognize stuff from myself in him . ni for example . and i am always attracted to fi-types . i surround myself with them in love and friendship . but i don't really ... ok so this is some of the things i can think of : - he is an engineer - c ’ mon ! - he has this calm assertiveness that is so sexy , self confidence i guess . i see now how people misjudge it as ... - this is what i have been thinking about since he told me . he has to let her go and he's not dating because he is in a happy place but because he is lonely . i can't be rebound girl or such ... and i ... thank you lilysocks for your reply . i didn't present reasons too why i believe he is an intj because i thought you guys would take my word for it . i can make a list if you like ... ? the most ... dear intj ’ s i am sorry in advance for this lengthy post … i hope someone has the time to read it and help me with the questions i have … i've been going through this thread and intj behavior but still ... hi alina no worries , i've been caught up to . hope everything is alright with you . i tried to have distance from him . but something happened in his life and he was sad so he kept poking at my ... yes , this is what i am trying to do . but it is much easier said than done . taking baby steps ... ok . just for clarification . no one is harder on me than i am . i know what i have done wrong and i try and always evaluate my own behaviour and actions and i would not even be here if i had a clear ... yes , i told him in october . that just made him more secretive imo i see that you caught up with the rest of my posts . i have gone through my conversation with him . what sounds like an isfp ? :) it's such a mess and a blur and so many feelings and ways of looking at it all and it has been going on for to long . when i try and tell someone about it it just feels too complicated . this forum and ... thank you for your insights alina ! always good and true . actually this is something my intuition has told me for a long time to do . i have been ignoring it . but once my feelings caught up ... so what you're saying is that when he has told me : he has a hard time making his mind up . ( everyone could possibly be right . ) but when he does make his mind up it is so important to him and he will ... i dont know much about istps or intps . but and isfp tried to explain it in ways of they don't have any way of expressing their fi in the way they feel it . their se is not verbal , and ni isn't either ... well , body language is amazing so i understand the interest . i pick up on that because of my inferior se but it is hot or cold and always more part of the whole picture not the details . this is ... i listen a lot , i notice the little stuff about people . if i find you interesting i ask you questions . try to figure out what makes you tick . i play extrovert , laugh , joke and act confident . try and ... they both confront each other very quickly as well . i guess they just need the emotional support before they do it sometimes . and sometimes i have to stop them from doing it because the confrontation ... interesting . i know a lot of enfps that feel this way , that they are the ones driving the conversation . i think this is where we connect . since i get to know people with ni and fe i ask a lot of ... no , i think you misunderstood me . i wasn't saying talking behind someones back was a trait for enfps . i said i thought they did it because they want to get along and be friends and because they are ... i'm meeting my ex boyfriend this week and he tested as infp . haven't spoken to him in 8 years . just remembering stuff that he has said that makes sense to me now . he once told me he has a hard time ... + adroelectro well , i know they both talk about each other behind each others backs even when they are friends . i don't think they do it because they are mean but because they are extroverts ... hey enfps ! i have a lot of friends with your type , i adore you guys ! so , i was thinking about a couple of things since i am wondering if some of the enfps i know are mistyped . sorry if these ... i like this explanation , but can you put it in context ? english is not my first language , so that would help . ok so what we are describing is unhealthy bursts of te i guess . hi tony t you know what , thank you for being a bit harsh ! sometimes it's just nice not to try and understand everyone . the people you have met are complete douchebags and that's that ! i have a hard ... just read in the ask and isfp thread something that ferroequinologist wrote . isfps , being introverted judgers , tend to not directly reveal themselves , and since our judgment function is feeling , ... well , isuckatusernames this forum actually has a lot of threads on isfp-infj relationships and not a lot of them end well . we have totally different styles of communicating is the bottom line ... isuckatusernames if i could choose i would love to be friends with isfps . the mature kind hehe :) i just can't be to close to them . and the description that alina gives is lovely . my guy is not ... haha i sincerely hope you are being sarcastic isuckatusernames ! i think i need to let it be . i think he will tell me he has nothing more to say , as he did before . the last thing i want is to go where he is , it is far away and i think it would just make things ... so , just wanted to tell you guys what happened . alina grad 0507 at the moment i feel like i am exploding with thoughts and don't have anyone to talk to right now , since it all happened yesterday ... i know 2 entps , one is my sister and we have a really tight bond ! we understand each other so well . the other one is a guy which i've had some ... things happen with ... :) i currently work with him ... at the moment i am just in limbo with my isfp . both of us holding on for some reason . i guess i am still waiting for him to love me again , as he did just 3 months ago . it's not fair , i am a coward ... kebachi no i wasn't pointing it at you , more in general . i hope they will not take the thread away since it contains a lot of good information about isfp infj relationships . dear alina i respect that you don't want to share about your situation anymore . but i just want to say that i would never judge you for anything that the heart concerns . i know how hard it can be ... ferroequinologist thank you ! i also read some other articles over there at celebritytypes ( that name really put me off at first ) that where really interesting ! haha ferroequinologist has answered a lot of my questions about isfps previously , i've even thrown my fe on email towards him ! : blushed : he answered the question i first posted in this thread ... alina grad 0507 one of the things we enjoy most is hanging out together in silence . but when i haven't met him for 1.5 years and we are sitting in front of each other in a restaurant it is not very ... my isfp told me when he was angry with me that he thought it was meaningless to chitchat like i do always talking nonsense ( i do this when i get nervous , mostly in awkward moments of silence ) . that i ... cyamitide yup , i know the function stack for both of us . but thank you for putting them on top off each other , made it easier to see . some questions arise : ni doesn't express it self very ... '