' bigstupidgrin : thank you for that . * bows * i've lost my ideals , and maybe that's why i'm hurting . i thought about reaching out to the infp forum because you guys seem to have an okay attitude ... whateverlolawants : thank you for that . * bows * i've read that description before and it rings true . what i'm having a hard time with right now is that hidden aspect of introverted feeling . it ... also , vive , i still can't tell if i get my energy from being alone or from people . some people are generally psychic vampires . i've found this to be verified by others ... so it has little to do with ... vive : you're right , there is a lot of self-hatred going on . i don't like enneagrams . i keep getting different results . i once tested as a 6 , but to be fair i was in a very sordid mood at the time , ... moonious : despite being an fi-dom ( presumably , pssh ) i can actually relate to the whole not knowing what your ideals are anymore . i don't . why ? mostly because ideals don't exist in the real world . i ... i agree that the more someone is composed of rigid extremes , the more they are likely to be disordered . and my apologies , my statement was said mostly out of frustration , and also i do not ... sooo ... i'm receiving expressive intimate reflective enthusiastic i ... can't ... quite ... put my finger on it - ___ - but something about the whole structure doesn't jive with me . it's like it's a block when the world is a circle . rather than saying i am infp , ... i've read this before , and honestly , i'm still having a difficulty seeing which bracket of those 5 i fit into . it really depends on the day . my extroversion / introversion goes through cycles . i've had ... : mostly i'm having a hard time even identifying myself as a type , despite having spent endless hours in the past several months on this site , other forums , researching the mbti and reading ... i can't speak for you or anyone else , but then again my endless open-endedness about things is annoying me right now : hmm ... maybe it's this , but then ... maybe it's that ... * shrug * ... omg , a ... i donx 92t know about other infps , but i have done a lot of things that helped expand my life experience and thus teach me to be more open . this required compromising my ideals and values on many ... this is the best thing i've read so far today . thank you , thank you for that . wow . * bows * i struggle with this as well , and i admit that having other people tell you to suck it up just doesn't make the feeling go away . i have a theory and it's that sensitive people ( or hsps ) exist as a ... also , this article is really useful : infp personal growth let me know if that provides any insights . somehow , upon reading this i can't help but become aware of how much of what i ' seek ' is ... resplendent obscurity : you might like this link -> enfp personal growth so maybe it's okay to judge something as ' good ' or ' bad ' ? i'm having a lot of issues with this . i try so hard to be open and ... welp , that's me in my youth , in a nutshell . however , like i said , inwardly i do possess strong judgements - - at least now i do . and that ' te bitchslap , ' though i don't usually try to explicitly ... actually , everything you said makes lots of sense , but i sometimes wonder if we ( and i mean all of us - - or most - - in the mbti community ) are over-complicating things . perhaps the personality types ... and : forever in an existential crisis . i have more : who the fuck am i ? i want to reference a 6 - word poem i read , but it's 6 words : i only collect angry buddhas now . otherwise : technically , everything and nothing . zoink . i must be an anomaly because i am very neat and organized , and always have been . whether it was a force of habit from childhood by my parents , i do not know . much everything else about my life is a ... actually ( and i have no shame in admitting this ) , i once have . ( i'm waiting for everyone to look and go omg ) . and it wasn't like anything anyone here predicted ; but my situation was also unique , a ... most notably i get jealous of someone who gets more attention than i do , even if that perceived attention is in my head . in hindsight i realize it's just insecurity masquerading as ... are you actually trying to get me to watch an 18-19 minute video ? : shocked : i've got things to do , gotta go ... okay , okay , i'll try to watch it ... ( later ) . all i was trying to say is that ... i know you said that i don't have to answer , but ... i want to . :) these are my thoughts on the matter : it's a little more fluid than that . at least , i'm finding that i may have a mixed style , but ... as for se users , one girl ( actually i think she was te , never mind ) would openly commend me for what she called my saintly behavior and calm demeanor , and behind my back shit-talk me to make ... yikes , this is a tough one for me . i thought my commitment phobia was an enfp thing , but now i'm fairly certain that i'm an introvert ( idealist / dreamer , rather ) . the thing with me though is that i've ... hmm , curious , because though i've always seen my relationship with the intj being a beneficiary one , i can't always tell who had the advantage . actually , being that intj was severely cold and prone ... i can agree . i had the eye contact thing with the intj , too . it could be because i'm rather split between i and e . intj was a severe introvert , so it helped a bit that i wasn't . in the context ... thank you for that . i can agree that defining ourselves as children can be a lot trickier . for one , our memory banks might give us a skewed perspective . whether we are objective or subjective ... yeah , all the time , when i was younger . i think i just learned to temper myself and take things as they come . my close friends still know better hehehehe . i can convince a stranger i'm calm and ... omg , i love you , i wanna cry ... : laughing : can we be friends ? you're like my twin . that identity crisis is where i am at now . i'm not enjoying large lavish parties as much as i used to . i'm ... ahiko : it's okay , take your time ! i appreciate you reading all my dribble . :P i feel like i'm vomiting left and right but the order of my logic is all skrewed up ; and yes , i am filtering it ... their personality type : enfp ( turbulent variant ) . what the fuck is turbulent variant ? sounds pretty nifty though . : tongue : okay , the only really reason why it says that is because i'm ... curious . i get the same inability to settle on one thing because i want to explore everything . maybe you're right about my fi being a little funny in its functionality , but i only think it's ... acey : and though i did just say it's about finding a job that fits you , i realize from my own experiences that it was trying things on for size that did not fit me that actually helped me foster the ... it's the worst . i had that happen to me before . it was a cocktail waitressing job at an upscale restaurant / hotel . the management was stuffy and very stiff with their rules . i wasn't allowed to wear ... hah , i honestly don't know what to say . * embarrassed * to be fair , my bf and i did discuss issues of exclusivity a bit prior . he expressed preference for monogamy and i expressed preference for ... ellicat : right now i'm crazy caught up in black and white thinking . i should likely soften my ideals a little and allow a little room for imperfection , but there's a part of me that's just like no ! ... ellicat : i hope you're right . this might just be my own subjective thinking , but i'm just finding myself at a war with myself . it really comes down to childhood memories of being teased . i don't ... i don't know if this has been discussed before , and how much ... i'm too lazy to look , blahhh ... - __ - i think i've finally debunked my personality type . i used to be in love with an intj . we ... i think i'll try that . * shrug * will the pang of defeat eventually dwindle ? i feel like i turned in all the experiences and skills i've hoarded over the years . it's like they mean nothing now ... i'm starting to lean toward infp , actually . it's just not easy for me to continue ignoring my innate social awkwardness . externally i can parlay all my accumulated social grace and practicality ... woohoo , you have a lot of really awesome information ! * bows * thank you , thank you . :) i've heard a lot about that stuff before , but thank you for bringing it back to my attention and also ... holy moly , was that a lot of output . erm , enfp loquaciousness much ? : crazy : okay , i want more info ... gimme more ! : i'm having a hard time with the enneagrams . i want to accept them , but they aren't jiving with my internal system . seems too narrow for me . i've tested first as 8 . didn't take the test ... all three ? i'm either very talented , or a total mess . : laughing : i wish i could say fi , but my value system hasn't become sharpened until i reached 25 when i came to full realization about the ... also , enneagrams mean nothing to me . i can't decide if i'm a helper , peacemaker , challenger ... can't i be all those things ? i think i'm all those things . welp , all this thread and circling ... omg , who are you ? it's like you are me . : laughing : i don't think i've found anything as relatable before . in the context of my upbringing i'm trying to debunk what i think is the truth and ... '