' minor day to day fluctuations versus multiple hormonal floods and spikes are 2 different issues . 2 weeks may be brief to you , but remember every time a person orgasms the cycle resets itself .   ... i agree , it would take more than 3 weeks but i chose that number just to see how people would observe themselves during withdrawal and another so that those who would write how they felt won't have ... care to explain how it does then ? oh , i have experience where is your evidence supporting your claim ? i've laid mine out , maybe not crystal clear , but its there . it's possible that the ones who wrote the ancient religions knew this beforehand which is why they promoted things like abstinence before marriage . i don't see how the research is baffling when the ... once again , you can't knock it until you try it . i have wrote time and time again that there more than likely other factors at play , and a numbed dopamine response via flooding it with dopamine via ... that's exactly why . your dopamine system is numbed and you crave more for the same effect :) well for the sex without orgasm , its not like you just sit there . you make it an experience revolving around the both of you , and you don't have to do it all the time , maybe during the withdrawal ... wait because the inspiration for my research was behind a movie i lose credibility ? for christ sakes the inventor of the sewing machine got the idea from a dream . that's kind of closed minded ... ... i didn't say oxytocin was detrimental , prolactin and a numbed dopamine system however is another story . there of course can be other reasons for social anxiety issues and bad relationships , which ... i appreciate your response . of course there have been a countless number of pairs who've stayed together with orgasm . not everyone cheats of course , but how many were actually faithful 100 % during ... i didn't make it straightforward , i wanted to try a different tone of writing lol i define orgasm as the dictionary does because i think the research uses the dictionary term : a climax of sexual ... shoddily proven in what way ? orgasms spike dopamine and prolactin crashes it , leading to withdrawal . multiple orgasms will result in a numbed response , necessitating more of the same stimulus or a ... i welcome the dissection , it keeps me on my toes :D the only thing i wasn't expecting was to take so long replying to posts o_o my personal experiment is to refrain from masturbating to orgasm to see if i notice a better sense of wellbeing , sociability and drive due to a numbed dopamine system . i am just sharing my research ... it's not driven by orgasm or seeking release . nor is it often reproductively driven . sex for a bonobo is casual , it's quick and once you're used to watching it , it begins to look like any other ... oxytocin is released during orgasm , but so is prolactin : prolactin rises sharply immediately after orgasm in almost everyone . in fact it is a more accurate marker for orgasm than oxytocin , which ... but to what amount of dopamine is released by the brain by eating chocolate or exercising ? orgasm , like heroin , floods the brain with dopamine and prolactin afterwards to put a brake on the rush a ... point taken . i'm doing this to bring an awareness to those who use pmo and want to have a partner ( or want to have a stronger relationship for those who are in one ) but don't know that pmo affects ... no i am agnostic . i didn't bring any religion into my post . no worries , i'm not trying to prove anybody wrong and i'm definitely happy for the constructive criticism . i'm just here suggesting a new method because after trying different ones , this change has ... well when i read the are you sure you're an intj , i just wanted to share that this was me trying to access my f powers lol it's not very balanced and goes against a lot of what has worked in ... lol , it seems so . however i have all of my research so i'm happy to have a dialogue about this , but this is more of a don't knock it until you try it kind of changes :) open relationships are a possibility , however i think the minority of people don't want to be in this type of relationship for long . why ? it's in our genetics . men trade food and shelter for ... not financial problems , social problems . the intj confessions thread is full of people with a silent desperation to want to have a relationship . stopping masturbating isn't a cure all and i never ... yes that's partially right , just exchange orgasm for dopamine . otherwise why would people cheat or have one-night stands ? you can say it feels awesome , but once again that's just a different way of ... i'm not preaching to the choir so much as i am trying to share information that may prove beneficial to someone's overall wellbeing as well as attracting a companion they can build a strong ... i am an intj that is trying to work on strengthening their f characteristic and use it as an asset , not suppress and label them a liability . that's why i'm sharing so much information with you in the ... well i only bolded to emphasize critical points for the ones that like to skim and then read in detail what was interesting to them . my audience are the ones who are wondering why they've read all ... i know it's a pain to give up , it's like losing a best friend lol ... if you frequently relieve yourself i would appreciate if you make an effort to stop for 3 weeks , 2 to get past the hangover ... thanks missjordan for the critique . i did want to be a mix of dissertation and casual conversation with a personal touch , and although i would have liked to just pointed everything out without the ... hola ! before we get started , i believe most of us live lives of quiet desperation . why ? because i came across the intj confessions thread , and i myself would like a companion to go to places to . i ... can god create a stone so heavy that he / she cannot lift it ? i think this is one of those social drawbacks where people have to take it or leave it . i've tried letting some things that family / friends say or do go , but it winds up gnawing at me some time later ... more evil than us intj's ? heineken cookies tv site : personalitycafe.com [ infj ] obsessions - i have them wtf ? : confused : milkshakes = another intj cat tries to get away with things when nobody's looking , broods when she has no need for food or being scratched , but as annoying and persistent as hell when she does ... lol , they all can't be winners . it was fun while it lasted though :P i own what every body is saying by ex fbi joe navarro and the definitive book of body language by barbara pease and allan pease the former teaches you more how to spot cues ... naruto dragon ball site :p ersonalitycafe.com isfj infp ties with 1 thread a piece i would say take it as a lesson learned and ask out the next one that comes along , but unfortunately i don't do it myself . i think someone posted it on this thread already but i trip over myself and ... i used to drink milk often , until i found out it contains somatic cells after wondering why i kept coughing up mucus after drinking it one day . now i stay away from dairy if i can . i was ... depends on the scenario , but if it were right this moment then i have to say nay disorder | rating paranoid : very high schizoid : very high schizotypal : high antisocial : high borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : high avoidant : moderate dependent : low : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : to what extend are you governed by your head ( logic ) or your heart ( emotions and feelings ) in a relationship ? i like to think that my head ( logic ) is the ... and if that fails , there's always alcohol ... but seriously , i think emotions cloud logic and causes a person to do things that may be against their best interest ( e . g . staying in an abusive ... honestly i don't see how twitter is still relevant compared to fb , but the op said it best , it's a time waster , but there are exceptions like the post above me . they also store every piece of info ... it's possible there is a little affinity for such antics , but the quest for knowledge calls :D ... and it's your level of crazy that pulls an intj from their work and into your world seriously , you're the wasp to our ant-man , getting us into trouble :P ... or how about interdimensional ? '