' chanteuse : trying to get 100 % rid of perfectionism sounds just like another form of perfectionism if you really believe that you have these traits inside you , you should have a feeling of you being for example charming . now in a situation where you want to be charming , don't try to think about ... hello intj's . i currently discover a lot of patterns like internal psychological patterns , patterns how i can internally structure information , patterns of moving attention ... my issue is that i ... today i bought a wordbook at amazon . now i'll learn to translate and compare my private language / mapping with the mapping most people do . normally most people who talk about things they don't have a ... great that you see that at your age - i needed 4 years longer to start facing my issues . i also were very reserved - for me books and the internet where my bridge to the collective world . however ... does anyone of you know that feeling ? feeling worthless , because i were bullied at school and ignored by my parents . i even stopped trusting them as child oscillating between love and hate - being ... hello personality cafe . i'll probably have a talk about 20 years family issues tomorrow with my mother . trying to speak about such topics seem to lead to avoidance reactions , but now at least my mum ... i think development is highly dependent on the environment -> for example if you get lots of contradictory experiences your development either stagnates ( -> you are overwhelmed and can't handle them ) ... hello i'm currently developing a theory about how to get useful associations and would like your help . i think there are some basic elements of the human experience and you can refer everything ... i read quite a lot of books and these 3 helped me most , because they gave me some key ideas : ... i would go back to 10 . i'm 20 now and felt i lost a little part of me every year . i got bullied at school resulting in some emotional damage ( social anxiety ) and in avoiding trouble-behavior . i ... what does adventure mean of enfps ? would you see the following as an adventure : - refusing to choose a common job - creating and offering your own services for people - researching a scientific ... my general moral view is like that ( don't know in which category that falls ): - every human has a conscious experience , so he is able go have pleasurable and painful experiences -> an action is good ... 1 . honesty / intimacy ( sharing everything like emotions , hopes , dreams , fears ) 2 . open minded for new ideas / experiences ( that includes valuing processes like rationality over content ( like my ... bearydiverse have you ever tried to control the dream to do something meaningful for your day life like asking questions like : - whats my life purpose ? - who am i ? - i have this issue in life - how ... - i am - you are - symbol you can learn to create : first think about something you want to have / do . it should be something in the area of the unknown - you aren't completely sure how to get it and it should be valuable for ... i don't think this article is manipulation -> its everyones choice to read it or not and another choice to agree or reject it . - from-ashes : did you have a religious experience ? if so is ... i would send him to different cultures to let him see different views on life and different values . he should go the path of courage - face any fears ( evaluate before if something could be real ... i don't know if thats all ni , for me it seem to work though : - retreating from your environment into your head , works best in quiet environments / few or better no people around , focus on either ... yes , everything you know should have a source . as far i know intuition is pattern recognition . so you have to experience something ( -> you could share what you experienced before you came to your ... missjordan since i read language in thought and action and understood the basics how language works and how it influences our thinking ( and that people confuse symbolic meaning / words with reality - ... not reality hits in your face , just the most people don't even seriously try to fulfill their dreams or just don't dream of changing the world . many people just discourage you every day to live your ... since you seem belief that different religions are different ways to approach the same thing , do you think a scientific approach to this topic might be possible to some degree ? like there might be a ... there is this vacuum within us that we cannot fill . it is a manifestation of the ego . we seek to fill it , only finding that things disappear into the abyss . instead this must be used like gravity : ... as far i know the issue with psychology in general is that there are many things that are just not objectively measurable . how do you want to measure internal states like emotions , states of ... after being hugged by an enfp-girl i became way more open to hugs in general and sometimes feel a need to hug someone . so i have this theory : at first only enfps were into hugging - however its ... i feel like my feelings stack a lot . like i'm feeling my own feelings , an association of the current situation with the past and the feelings of other persons infecting me which results in a hard ... your explanations for 15 and 75 sound completely viable . though you normally look for the easiest explanation of a pattern . so in a iq-test they would be probably count as wrong , while if you can ... reason for 90 is like cloudfire already said two numbers on the edges multiplied = middle number . what are the valid reasons for 15/45 ? i can give you another ni-riddle : 3 + 3 = 4 4 + 5 = 7 7-4- 4 = ... i'm currently into psychology / personal growth . there are many great books about it . you also can find online resources like : ted : ideas worth spreading awesomeness fest - youtube en * theos - ... lets give it a try :) i guess i have a talent to intuitively understand systems which are too complex to completely analyze them in a logical way . i guess its ni-ti figuring out logical relations as part of the system ... i would say the greatest gift and curse of being an infj is the rarity of the personality . its a curse because there a few people who understand you and its easy to go on a wrong path thanks to ... i looked for a shared flat and got it verbally guaranteed . then i got a very short term rejection and the housing market is bad in stuttgart ( germany ) , so i had to move to a friend of the family ... if you have a basic negative opinion about yourself like people don't like me and interpret everything that happens to confirm that . people laughing -> about you people talking more vivid to ... its christmas soon . i thought a while about it and came to the conclusion that i don't value traditions like christmas . actually i really like christmas - for the nice atmosphere , decoration , meeting ... i would say that highly depends on self esteem ( and for me fear of rejection ) . in the past my dating strategy was avoiding the persons i found attractive ( which surprisingly gets as good results as ... i guess my thoughts are quite similar : feeling sorry for dishes / other objects during an argument , because its not their fault - have a conflict with the involved persons instead . maybe i should tell ... i found the following test interesting to take . its about word associations . the result ( mbti-type ) seems to be trash , however the resulting word matrix is interesting . watchword technique of ... i'm currently reading the following book : the language of emotions : what your feelings are trying to tell you : karla mclaren : 9781591797 692 : amazon.com : books i haven't finished it yet , but so far ... let me share my experience . video games can be a great escape : - you meet other intuitives ( -> come along better with them than with the people you meet everyday ) - you have lots of stuff to think ... just some assumptions : so i assume i can have superpowers as well . otherwise he could always have a super power that is impossible to prevent with earthly methods . now a common human being doesn't ... i was a child and my parents mixed cocktails . they were with alcohol , so i got none . i decided to mix my own : orange juice with soap . to make it worse i drank it really fast , at least a half glass ... yesterday i had a strange experience . after going to the cinema my whole perception was strange for the rest of the day . i remember having this like 1-2 times a year : - i saw everything more sharp ... i would probably become a little paralyzed , unable to handle the situation and just try to escape . then thinking a lot about it and somehow try to apologize later . i just thought about something ... welcome to personality cafe ! i don't hear dialects . there seem to be a kind of subconscious translation for me , so it just sounds like normal language . exceptions : i concentrate on hearing it , ... hello . i currently try to help my mother ( probably isfj ) - she seems to be not happy with her life . her current days look like this : - sleeping - washing - buying food / house work / cooking ( she's ... for me personally i wouldn't generalize this : - i'm not the fastest reacting to something unexpected . so its quite likely that i am just focused on something and just miss the right moment to react ... this thread is very interesting . i also found emotions being quite infectious . they also can be confusing . lets compare emotions to a hourglass . the glass seems to be quite cold and the inside is ... '