' i don't have much useful advice , but you triggered my ne with the marie antoinette / burger king , best of both worlds comment . 314897 you been with this guy long enough that i think your ... all the whovians in whoville ? 311209 ... hmmm then i will make a weird attempt to make this into a ne image linking thread ( it will happen or it won't ) . mostly because i have been obsessed with geonerd's exploding tardis ... i really just want to add to the end of the image : ... except when it is ... because that's how i like it . my wandering random thoughts on this . hopefully i get back to it and make it readable , but till then ... i am going to work with this definition of empathy : 1 . the power of understanding and ... ducking a soup is difficult . it has has a habit of splashing . dodge the soup . exhausting isn't it ? i think there might be something to the insecurities angle . i often run into the issue of people refusing to even try to think abstractly , no matter how many variation and ... ( i am forced to limit myself on douglas adams quotes but ... ) “ what to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't move , with no hope of rescue ... i also have not encountered many people into mbti , but i usually get a yup , that shore is ya'll from those i've shared with . ( i have to admit i'm a bit baffled with the number of people that ... you are 33.3 % good . you are 12.8 % chaotic . alignment : neutral good the only real issue i can think of with an enfp would be what i see as fi resistance to information seeking ( seen from the other side as challenging declarative statements ) . if you would be upset by ... 57.500 / 100 masuculine 52.632 / 100 feminine 60.000 / 100 androgynous ( neutral ) male entp 282354 agreed flawed . disagreement on the flaw . as i understand you are postulating one reality ( observable ) , but at the same time denying other possible forms of reality ( hypothetical ) at the same time ... i don't know . i think i might have focused on the bad word choice of worlds which does imply the flaw of one instance in one reality . although , multiple realities / multiple me might explain the ... my modal ontological argument p ( 1 )': it is possible that i am an entp . p ( 2 )': if it is possible that i am an entp , then me as an entp exists in some possible worlds . p ( 3 )': if me as an entp ... i met someone who offered me two pills a red and a blue one . i took the blue one mixed it with some pez , a mt . dew , and a jalapeno . it didn't have the effect either of us expected . i'm not the ... i wouldn't dream of interfering . just disguising the use of missiles as a paradigm shift . ooh ! raccoon mountain alpine slide . i don't think i have been there since before i was 10 . i had actually been wondering if that was still around . thanks . i've been mulling this subject a bit because of events that had happened in the last year . i have come to realize that i seem to have a process of recognize and analyse what the roots are for the ... ah , in that case , no i cannot stay on grofflberk it is too slippery and i just showered . in linguistics a topic is that part of a sentence about which something is said , typically the first major constituent . so would the topic of the topic question be topic ? interesting , missile is defined as an object that is forcibly propelled at a target , either by hand or from a mechanical weapon . the word nation came to english from the old french word nacion , ... yes . it is that others might not follow the thread of how what we are talking about relates to topic because of the intuitive leaps we make . by the way i am thinking of getting a chinchilla . they can ... thank you psychedelicmango . i may be referencing and sharing that description in the future . if it makes you feel better , i was an eagle scout back in the day . i did well with the whole orientation bit . so , i can at least find north or at least build a catapult with logs , rope , and an old ... i read those descriptions and wonder what the type of the writer ( s ) are . there definitely is an understanding barrier such as the procrastination or the argument descriptions . my ... for some reason i see this question as what fits better a neck tie or a knife . therefore the answer is dependent on how it is worn . a knife in much more comfortable when strapped on or in the ... it had to be done . http://images.shirts.com/products/23626/14-14-45451/lego-movie-everything-is-awesome-t-shirt-logo.jpg i'll go all obi-wan here and say it is true , from a certain point of view . someone might see me take up a new hobby and then just drop it and move on with out a second thought . i see it as i ... i agree with this . i have groups : home , work , local friends , friends that i went to school with , etc . it is interesting when they cross paths in the surprise of what they do find out about me ( not ... interesting . i am not sure how close i come to enfjs , but i would say that i do seem to focus a bit more on ne / fe double punch power ( twice the extrovert ) . it could come off a bit similar with ... when the bank account is feeling a bit tight , and you get fed up . so you take care of taxes , respond to some letters that you had putting off , have a charming talk to the boss and finish the day ... thank you for digging that up gasmgizmo . it looks like career assessment ( http://careerassessmentsite.com/ ) didn't even get their statistics from their own test , if the claim on personalitypage ... i kept my sets together for several weeks . then entropy . they would become hybrids of the originals and spawn of other projects . taking over the whole room until the inevitable forced cleaning in ... when you spend half-an-hour typing up a story for the confession thread , and realize this doesn't read right . re-write about half of it and decide meh , it is not that important . deleted the ... people are always changing . i guess it is the question of what we can choose to change , why we would do it and can we accept the consequences of the change . this is also a great drinking subject ... they would not be irredeemable unless there was a history of this behavior . if it is already someone i respect and like , then they could ask for a few minutes of time . say sorry for before ( or ... i am still digging for any real information on this graphic . if you find an article after 2013 that claims type income , you find this graphic , and no citations . if fact if you read any comments on ... i don't know about stoicism and depression , but i have found stoic writings a good focus and it works well with my personality . letters from a stoic , lucius annaeus seneca - - letter xxxiii , 11 : ... i admit i am a danger to society . ( besides right-handed people are unnatural and need to be stopped ) https://kylebstiff.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/pee-wee-2.jpg i see a message that says don't panic ! ( like the one posted on the board today ) and i just want to run around the office knocking things over while yelling we are all going to die ! but , i resist ... as far as i can tell , there was no study . career assessment site seems to have grabbed information from several sites and threw together a pretty graphic ( that you can now find on several sites ) to ... you had better double check . has anybody suddenly stopped posting ? thank you for supplying the graphic . it did have some sources listed at the bottom . analysis : it appears that the the information for the info-graphic had been grabbed from sources that may be ... i am curious how those numbers are arrived at . i have a red flag pop up when i see that the base line average as $ 55k and the income of the median u . s . household was $ 51,900 in 2013 . i did a quick ... synergy ... every have a word that just hearing it makes you want to go full rage ... synergy ! ! ! it is a that whole classes will be held around . books will be written about ... synergy . synergy ... fair enough . no , i do not thing we are socially introverted , as i do not think we need the down time to recharge from society . we use the social interactions from social situations to recharge , ... i see my extroversion as a battery that is charged with observations , experiences , and any random detritus i can gather . it fuels my creative personal project or thinking time . the introverted time ... can i ask about your forwardness and the type ( not necessarily mbti type just a general description ) of intelligent male you are interested in ? with the flamboyant comment i assume that you are ... '