' not gonna happen . genetically inferior is a value judgment . why the fuck should i think about that objectively ? ( don't bother answering . ) yeaaahhh except the part where he says blacks seem genetically inferior . did you miss that part ? by the way , i'm not even necessarily disputing those results . iq tests have a huge cultural bias ... don't know much about medicine , science , or the real world , do ya ? i remember someone on these forums criticized a gender-neutral preschool in sweden because it would confuse the kids when they got out to the real world . i've seen a lot of stupid shit on ... i mean , you were getting there but you were still a bit off . word etymology shouldn't be conflated with meaning . a man could also get hysterical , and a women who has had a hysterectomy could still ... haha i'm kind of having a hard time putting it into words . i was referring to the statement i had bolded . i think it boils down to do you define yourself by what you do , or the person you are ? i ... are we equating frequency of mood fluctuations with depth of emotion ? frequency of mood cycles maps better to emotionality than to emotion itself . demonstration of emotion is not always telling of ... i wouldn't be surprised if there were some biological underpinnings to men crying less than women ( although society can also influence this ! ) but i don't believe for a second that healthy women ... while i agree that as an ne user i try to synthesize as many ideas together as possible , i feel like sensors actually live more by the bulk and intuitives more by the aspects . intuitives play ... i'm with a very blunt isfp now . rawr . it's the best . ( and i have merged with my avatar . i float between worlds . i barely come here at all anymore . ) sex and masturbation . experiment with visuals and see what turns me on , since men are visual creatures either has some truth to it or is bullshit used to justify policing women's looks .  ... ^ this and yeah , don't bog yourself down with should i be feeling this way ? you feel how you feel , you can't help it . you may be able to shift your viewpoints around and re-conceptualize things ... too bad no one takes us seriously here ? duuude . lol . this is an online personality type forum . last i checked enfps tend to be well received , anyway . pulling that i care about you stuff ... i hope so too , my friend . it's been getting me down . thanks for the kind words . 20 years old , 4 people . though i honestly feel hyposexual . meh . if i could get one i'd be over tha moon : 3 besides the throat lump / constriction , i feel it all in my head . i feel pretty much everything in my head and i hate it because it makes me feel like a disembodied skull . head pressure / headache ... i've always had trouble with the distinction and am still trying to determine if i'm * really * extraverted but my experience is pretty much summed up by buckeyeenfp . when given the opportunity to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnlvPoDU5LY well we all have a face that we hide away forever and we take them out and show ourselves , when everyone has gone out of it . one of those days where i crave the grotesque . not hungry , but i should eat . yeah i was going to mention that but decided not to , since i think my level of tolerance for this type of question may be higher than other people's , just as my tolerance would be extremely low for ... haha , no no . i didn't mean people have to agree with it , just that they give it some critical thought or just general thoughtfulness beyond outright rejecting it , just as you have . i'm referring to ... and flaviagemina gave some of the only reasonable responses in this thread . people are so quick to shut out certain ideas and while that makes sense given that few have had contact with the ... i guess some of the unhealthy triggers would be a sudden swell of bad emotions ( i get this weird head pressure and the endorphin release literally feels like it drains it back to normalcy ) , but a lot ... i wanna draw blood but i have to be on my best behavior because i guess i'm still afraid of being judged when a certain someone sees my leg :/ ughhh this is the best . if i saw someone i was interested in , depending on the context , i'd probably get no more creative than that is a fantastic [ clothing item ] or make some comment on what's going ... militant atheists are embarrassing . i realize this is an old comment but stuff like this makes me want to scream . value judgments on natural evolution of language :d ry : i enjoy texting but usually i have one person i'll text a lot ... physically : not gonna go there . mentally : i hate that i lack willpower . i just kinda swim around . so you'd attribute it to ne ? this may be further evidence of my ne dominance then because analysis is pretty much my modus operandi . i am notorious among friends for breaking everything down and ... can i please have my name changed back to skum ? the gentle spirit ! 7w6 , 4w5 , 9w1 . hmm . dear people who make the pointed decision to get really close to me , i really love seeing into you . i love watching the layers unfold and seeing how beautiful you are . love , an intuitive ... this is the best thing i have ever seen . 55936 xnfp meh question and confession : does anyone else hate it when people tell you you're unique or weird ? especially in friends or partners you're getting to know ( or perhaps know already ) when they mean it ... hmmm . http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lujzioOvHB1r6tl8ao1_500.jpg http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m53oupa2Rn1qzleu4o1_500.pnghttp://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwcyh2uSYl1r2lohvo1_500.jpg minimalism ... i'm sorry to hear that man :( you deserve someone better anyway , someone who knows how to discern what's truth and what people rattle off for the sake of gossip . hopefully you'll meet someone soon ... at night i can't sleep , i toss and turn ... so one sleepless night at 3.40 am i picked up my guitar and tried to figure out as much of this song as i could ... calvaire , i'm so sorry , that must be beyond heart-wrenching . i hope something comes through . * hugs * time for breakfast ! ugh never mind what is lumpy sensation in my throat ? time to start doing some school work ! oh . oh god . what is this feeling ? is this a headache i feel ? how can i have a ... i need a boxcutter ! there will be blood i need my man ! someone to fuck welcome to the forums , finally ! what ended up happening ? ? i laid it on the line to my isfp as well . he didn't respond to me for 2 days ( fi decision buffering ! ) . but now things are going swimmingly . op , for what it's ... this is true of the isfps i've known as well . my isfp hates getting his picture taken but if he does his face is usually neutral or somewhat angry . never smiles unless it's a candid shot . welcome to the forums ! you'll learn a lot here . look forward to reading your contributions ! not enough data . in one of the online conversations leave something open-ended and then approach her about it the next day . so after you got offline i kept looking up ___ . did you know ... it's just so distracting to listen to people while looking at their eyes ! i can do it for a while , but i've had occasions when i'll ask for instructions or help on a concept or assignment in uni and ... that's actually not true at all . friendship is an excellent base for a relationship . if i am friends with someone and the realization hits me that we would be good together , then i will pursue them ... this made me laugh out loud . i kind of hate hashtags but mostly i absolutely adore them because ugh they're so tacky <3 33 anyway , yes op , same experiences here ! it comes in two flavors : what ... '