' thanks for the link , i think it certainly helped clarify my gut feeling . aspberger's seems to be a more extreme function of autism that i know definitely does not fit me . also , i liked the way ... hi , i don't want anyone to be offended by this accidentally , but i have made a huge realization about myself over the past few days : i most likely should have been diagnosed with some sort of ... anything's possible . i definitely understand what you mean . i was fortunate to grow up in a household where my brother and i were treated as complete equals by both of our parents . of course my parents taught me to be ... i tend to remember a lot of little environmental details and small details about people . i've learned to keep these details to myself at first because it can creep people out that you know so much ... oh good lord . to what end ? interesting . this is my existence in a nutshell . hello , i have always enjoyed board games and video games , especially sprawling , open-ended strategy games . i took about a 6 year hiatus from most of my enjoyable hobbies just due to life ... younger intp brother and i going through a drive-thru a few months back : scene : the cashier just repeated back our order and one of the items was incorrect . my brother doesn't seem to care at all ... i let people go on their rants and then when they're done i stand there studying their face for a minute and simply say , no , that's not quite right . from that point on my phrases tend to be : i ... i've been dating an infp for about 4 years , i would consider myself fully in love . i find myself wanting to cuddle and daydreaming about romantic vacations we might go on . i get butterflies thinking ... i'm practically an anti-hoarder . i throw things away accidentally before i'm done using them because i want to be rid of this extra item . the second someone puts something down in my house i want to ... and to comment about underdogs : i almost always root for the heroic underdog . though i can fully sympathize with most villains , they're usually geniuses but no one saw it until it was too late . oops ... yes . i'm more outspoken about my abilities in the workplace now but throughout my school career i was always the dark horse . it really frustrated me . i tested into remedial classes in elementary ... what the hell is with anyone and anything , really ? one of my best friends is an entp . like you said , we complement each other well . a lot of maniacal laughing happens when we get together . she's also one of the only people i get nervous getting into ... i'm picky about the texture of foods more than anything . i'm not a huge fan of vegetables , they've always tasted bland to me . i really dislike egg salad , the texture of it is disgusting . breakfast ... i told my girlfriend when we moved in together she would have to be willing to be in a polygamous relationship between me , her , my computer , and whatever tv series i was watching at the time . she ... people who try to play mind games with me or manipulate me . of course , the second i realize what the other person is trying to do it's game on ( though the other person probably doesn't know it ) ... technically , everyone is different , we're all individuals . what i'm saying is there's nothing inherently * special * about identifying as an intj woman . yeah the stats , 1 % of the population i know . to ... quiet until provoked . this thread is case in point : wink : there are so many posts like this . i can't . we're just like everyone else . and we probably don't want to answer this question anymore . references ... i've always had lucid dreams . ever since i was 4 or 5 years old i've been able to recognize when i'm dreaming and change my actions in the dream . if the dream starts getting too real i can tell ... really good point . when i'm taking information in i make direct eye contact and kind of do short nods and just say , right or okay . i can see how to someone else that might look like i don't care ... playing mario kart last night with my girlfriend . we had to repeat a race course for the first time since we bought the game . her : wait , why are we doing the same race again ? me : we didn't place ... excellent guide , sir . i've been having a lot of anxious and panicked thoughts and feelings right after i wake up and right before i sleep . i can't turn my brain off . i'm going to start trying your ... most likely an anxiety / panic disorder or ocd . not to say intjs don't take up other things that impair their ability to focus , it just seems like a lot of intjs naturally have anxiety and other mood ... i'm beginning to think one of the reasons intjs seem to be good at solving problems is because everything bothers us and we need it fixed right now . i'll unhinge and wd - 40 a squeaky door at the ... yes ! i forgot to mention guilt and shame . those seem to be two huge factors at play here too . you feel guilty and maybe even ashamed that you aren't functioning at the best level you can be . it took ... hi , i'm not an infp but i can relate to the disconnect from reality that you feel . i can definitely relate to feeling like everything you want to reach ( mentally , physically ) is right out of your ... this stereotype always seemed strange to me too . i kind of understand how people might interpret infp traits to mean emotional , whiny , etc . if you just read the wikipedia article and little else . you ... i've been told i look angry a lot when i'm just resting . it used to really irritate me when people would ask me if i was okay , yes im okay , i'm not angry now but i will be if you ask me again . now ... get out of my brain , sir . i have to explain this to my girlfriend all the time . i am very on top of it and know what i'm doing but there's agonizing amounts of prep work and varying thought processes ... i've found that isfjs and esfjs in my life seem to take things very personally during debates / arguments . all you can really do is try to stay calm , even-toned , and reiterate that this is not a ... i like looking through the different forums sometimes . i look at the infp one fairly frequently because my girlfriend is infp so i find the topics in there interesting . i also like reading what other ... precisely . i usually feel like i'm bothering someone every time i speak . i used to be practically mute for fear of bothering someone or saying something weird . now i say whatever i need to say but i feel ... when i read the title of this post my first thought was , why wouldn't you want to be ? i guess that kind of answers your question . i could definitely see annie clark being intj . her music is so bizarre and so intriguing , i love it . her lyrics are amazing . i saw her perform live and she certainly looked like an intj up on stage ... i've always been this way too . i think all day , i zone out of tv shows and work to think , but when i lie down it's just game on . like you said , it's a double-edged sword because i want to sleep so ... i certainly can't speak for all of my type but for myself , i'm very self-confident . it hasn't always been that way . i certainly had to develop a lot cognitively and emotionally to become so confident ... this happened a few months ago . one of my friends signed me up for a free 2 - week membership at her gym . this is the tale of what happened when i went to claim it . the day is july 11th : ( gym owner ... i love talking to intps , sometimes i feel like i've met my match and it can be an exciting feeling . the intp i'm closest to is my brother , there's bias there because we grew up together and argued ... i'm crying . the unenthused girl on the right was basically me in middle and high school . visiting my brother ( intp ) in san francisco recently . we're attempting to make a 6 block journey to walgreens . brother : we've been walking all day let's just take your car since it's here me : no ... a couple of people above mentioned selective empathy . that seems appropriate . i can certainly feel for people in a general sense ( especially in a physical sense ) but to really feel what someone else ... yes . always have . i recall the night before my 10th birthday , my parents and brother were watching me open presents around the dining room table . my dad made a comment along the lines of , you're ... i'm just going to leave these here like this before i throw my computer out the window . fucking formatting , i swear . when i read the first sentence i burst into laughter . me getting to say anything i want to a room full of high schoolers ? the possibilities are endless . if i had to speak on myself though , i would ... definitely . i just stay pretty neutral and to the point if i don't know you , especially before i can get a feel for you . people often mistake my seeming lack of concern for social interaction as ... '