' this is so awesome ! yes , this is what i was trying to say . now i get it . by doing se activities , you are getting out of your ni , which is your dominant function . this is so cool ! yes , these ... hello everyone , the 2 intjs that i know are really into hiking and other similar outdoor activities like skiing and biking . do you like these kinds of outdoor activities as well ? these intjs ... god no ! i would much rather walk , walk to starbuck's for example , to sit down and have a latte , have a life is beautiful moment , and walk back home . walking to work would also be ideal for me . i ... to all the women infps out there : do you have problems with women t's ? i have a lot problems dealing with them . i am like a t detector . i can handle t-ness in men because i generally don't make ... hi everyone , i am a mother , and there have been a lot of firsts this month . first day of school , first day of preschool , etc , etc , etc ... after every first , i get this incredible ... i find that certain types seem more likely to truly want to understand mbti , and are truly able to grasp the concepts . the more minority , misunderstood , and abstract thinking a person is , the ... yes , you sound like me . i love people ! and i want good , true , honest friendships . i prefer 1 - on - 1 . i was also very shy as a child . i think that i couldn't handle how much i loved people . i ... hmmm ... i don't have a problem with jealousy , but i have a lot of friends who do . i think i figured jealousy out in my 20 ' s when i quit the elite university program i was in , and went to europe to ... very interesting question . i have 3 children under 5.5 . it has been trial and error , but i feel that i now understand what is the best way for an infp to do the discipline thing . at least i have ... http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/76770-recognizing-inferior-function-ifps.html this is an excellent article on the topic . it is an excerpt from the book i read about the inferior ... i read that te as the inferior functions manifests itself in a strong dislike of illogic and dishonesty . it means that we infps want things to be clear and well-explained and logical , and we ... i loved teaching esl one-on-one . i love the idea of being a regular classroom teacher , but i know that i would care too much about doing a good job . i would care too much keeping every single ... 1 . you have the chance to meet someone with whom you have the most satisfying love imaginable - the stuff of dreams . sadly , you know that in six months the person will die . knowing the pain that ... i don't like nts . its are so cold and distant . ets are so arrogant . i can only make friends with f's . i wonder why i am different from the other nfs . hmmm ... this is my view on infps and logic . i think i finally understand it . ( see my 2nd post in that thread . ) there are definitely logical infps out there , but we may belong to a minority group . i call ... oh , i know ! ! ! men are usually left-brained , and women are usually right-brained . moreover , men are usually t , and women are usually f . so , people are assuming that f's are right-brained , and ... hello everyone , i am definitely an infp . i am very i , very n , very f , and very p . the functions also fit me very well . one thing that bothers me about this forum is that i get the ... yes , i agree that many s's mistype themselves as n's . i used to be kind of confused , thinking , how can an infp be like that ? are there different types of infps ? i guess they are just less n ... i think it would have sucked ! forced into being very christian . you didn't have much of a choice back then . forced into being friends with very s-y neighbours ... the community aspect would have ... thank you for all your observations ! i really enjoyed reading your post ! regarding tps , tps have fe down low under ti . so , they do have an f-function , but it is so low . i don't feel their ... that is interesting that you guys tend to get along with intps ... wow ... i clash with them like you wouldn't believe . i have big problems with ti-fe people ( tps ) . i can't seem to feel their ... lol ! awesome , thanks ! :-) i have another question for the enfjs . are you drawn to some types more than others ? you seem to get along with everybody . are there types that you are drawn to that make you want to become closer ... one thing that i finally convinced my enfp friend of is that my love language is to help people . i feel so loved if people call me with a problem . i feel much more loved if someone calls me with ... [ quote = happy about nothing . ; 3817279 ] exactly , and enfjs are more resolute . we plan , we think things through , we weigh out potential consequences . to think that an infp doesn't think about these things ... i am an infp , and i love enfps . there is one thing that i don't understand . when i am down and in this really negative fi-state , i reach out to my friends . talking with them helps so much . it ... i found some interesting observations from this website : how enfjs can spot infps - wambly.weebly.com from website : interactions between enfj and infp in my personal experience , enfjs and ... wow ! in the last few years , my friends have all been p's . i didn't notice this trait in myself because we both dove right into the friendship . sometimes it worked out , sometimes not . but , it was ... lol ! i am trying hard to process this . is it saying that infps become close too fast , forcing the enfj to let down their walls , but then the infp could change their mind at the drop of the hat , and ... yes , i am extremely intense . i have always been grateful that i am a female . it is normal for women to have intense friendships with other women . or , at least it is acceptable . for an infp male ? ... this makes sense . yes , i don't like group events ... once there are 4 people , i either don't talk , or i talk , but i don't like myself as i talk . i am not someone i like in a group setting . i can't ... yes , i think it is typical behaviour , especially if you are not one of the infp's best friends . in my opinion , infps have 2 categories : close friends and acquaintances . relatives usually fall into ... this leads me to a final question . instead of us trying to figure you out , would you feel better if we complimented you ? do compliments make you feel loved ? i watched this video a while back , but there was something that he said that rang a bell with me . i too am very disturbed if someone tells me that they like me or gives me a big compliment . yes , i ... thank you happy about nothing and niffer . it was interesting when you mentioned infp thinking they know you . i think we really do feel that we know other fi's , and then we generalize to ... that was really interesting what you wrote ! thank you ! i think this is my problem . i feel that it is always me who drives my friendship further with enfs ... with a shy enfp close friend of mine , ... hello everyone , i am an infp . for me , friends are either very close , or they are merely an acquaintance . my close friends are usually enfp , infp , and infj . there is something i love about ... no , not typical woman . i am an f , but that really is the only thing woman about me . wouldn't the typical woman be more like esfj and isfj ? lol ! omg ! i am exactly like that ! there is a common park very near to my house . whenever my kids see another kid in the park , they beg to go outside and play . if the parent of the child outside ... i am not gay , but i didn't have my first relationship until i was 28 years old . my 2nd relationship at 29 was my husband . some of us are late bloomers . i would say to develop yourself , study ... no , i wouldn't enjoy a relationship with an entp . too much debating , not enough talking about personal stuff , and i don't appreciate it that they always point out the other side , as if i am the ... my closest friends are nf's . i have had close friendships with all nf types . ( infj , infp , enfp , and enfj ) i love them all so much . that nf-ness is so wonderful ... i am a very intense person , so ... a lesson that i had to learn in life was : if they have the right to ask , i have the right to say no . the main thing i learned in my twenties was learning how to listen to my gut , and don't be ... i feel this way towards all of my best friends . ( i have moved a lot since i graduated from high school , and therefore had to make new best friends . ) anyway , yes , this feeling is what i live for . i ... lol ! i rest my case . send her a letter . :-) i think we should make a distinction between infps liking to write and receive letters , and what dr . horrible is asking . he is asking if he should write the news that he likes this girl and he ... no , don't give this information in a letter . say it to her personally . it will make things awkward when you do meet in person if you say it in a letter . infps are good at writing , and we are ... i would wait for you to make your move . after all , you are the man and she is the woman . she will wait for you to make your move . it doesn't matter if you wait . she will wait . if she has waited ... i also laughed at the title . yes , i can work very hard , but my wandering mind prevents me from being the typical work-a-holic that you would picture an entj / estj to be ... that sure ain't me ... hmmm interesting post . i do open up completely to people , but only people i feel that i can connect to on a deep level . i have to really like them , and identify with them . i want to open up to ... '