' - being alone - being insensitive - over thinking out loud social service gerontology 24 ew socionics women's earnings and income | catalyst http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2014/apr/09/genevieve-wood/what-pay-gap-young-women-out-earn-men-cities-gop-p/ seen any of your istp friends in a tense situation ? or lose it ? for sure just having fun with people you'll never see all sides to them . istp's tend to be one of the few type that cut to the ... haha no fe was used that day . haha istp with feelings . feeling like a rarity , and proud of what the internet tells him . he seems so delicate . but you are sure ... istps can be sensitive , but will fall to logic at the end of the ... less thinking more doing . fake it till you make it . it works . my skin is what some would see as the cue to lower the drawbridge as i am one of them , and some would close the door in my face , screaming i don't belong ; leaving me at lost on multiple frounts . well ... its not scream its warrior cry forcing ones ideals and expectations is a lot more selfish if you ask me , defend you ? what that mean to you and i i'm sure is not the same ? you jump in the fire and by having me jump in with you ... i take an extreme example to balance out the extreme robot assumption , not to define it as set extreme mediums , istps can come off as normal people right or am i doomed to just be a odd ball ? this ... 312281 istps are like robots and have no fe the declarative statements show no insight for the conclusion or overall depth . anything to analyse for reaching said conclusions is not present , ... have you ever seen a istp work on something they are passionate about ? to me that seems like lee , how he connects everything to that aspect of his life , how he uses the combination of se and ti to ... to say a group of people are incapable for such a task would normally be really insulting , careful , there are already enough stereotypes . your statement is too general to the point that it is ... due to the type of job i have and the position i play within my family setting i would say i have a well developed fe . fe is not my default , but when the setting requires it i am able to ... i always thought that cause they are close to me , they deserve the truth interesting how you come from the opposite view point , but i see the logic to it . and maybe mentality i can pick it up . hmm i ... people tell me that all the time , likes its a problem of mine , where i'm not fully convinced it is . in fact i'm kinda doing that right now . something about not letting go till i have the answers i ... are you likely to observe the action of others or lack thereof and attach a significant meaning to it ? be it in the setting of those you do and donx 92t know well . how likely are you to mention your ... sorry just to clarify what is upsetting to you ? that the brother won't get to play the father figure , or that the mother won't pay for their trip to have fun ? or both ? or to you are they one and the ... why i dislike talking about theory is due to the fact that someone would read an article or two and all of sudden see them self as an expert ; i really do find that those who don ’ t use their ti to ... fair points , thank your for responding . i guess its one of those things with maturity and a level of understanding ones self . are t types better at reacting to their emotions than f types ? through my experience , f types seem to possess an extreme dislike of conflict . i find that the f types i have come across have all ... yes for me it ’ s more about normalizing information and understanding it in relation to me . example a : statement says milk gives a large amount of fat so drinking it is putting one's self at risk of ... i would argue that younger individuals are by default f types , due to the process of how the brain is developed , and it its not till later in the development that more options are transparent . kinda ... like the matter of how much you care for the said person would change the answer . : crazy : the ones close to me copy me all the time . even the oddest sayings i have , they kinda normalize it and make it a saying within our group of friends , i don't mind , as long as they know its from me , ... arguments that are right but only due to the narrow focus that one chooses to look at information . this gets more difficult when they have hard time accepting new information , and stop looking for ... general statements in general . looks they do matter , but i like the natural cute ones , style is cool to have however to much can have the opposite effect on me , you know ... swag , yolo , but i fall for ones mind all to easy . i ... juts some habits - when i get bored i start trouble , nothing i can ’ t handle though . - would think i think outside the box ~ - can talk to people just fine , and i get better at it as long as there ... cause all of sasuke's decisions were bottom line logic ... intj naw , he was not even good at planning . he was just an unhealthy idealist i'll give you the i and n but other than that that kid needs ... op does this bother you ? do you feel left out ? aw : blushed : hahaha , lol cotillion is the best . very weak logic , and small perception for other outlooks , and shows a lack of interest even though starting topic due to interest ... odd , someone needs to grow up , was fun up to page 4 . connecting ... ti will be my down fall when explaining it in social settings . ex : istp : you know when you do x i see it as y ? and that ` s cool as long as you know that x leads to y . intj : i did not mean that at ... gamer tag , sounds boss so made it mine . zen cause i'm often called that , gecko nocturnal and cool creatures , i think it fits in an odd way . admittedly communication can be hard at times to the point where we may even brake off to our respected corners and ignore what we don't understand , however once we regain energy to explain and with ... what do you want to know about it ? i'm in one and for the most part i love . positive - both logical , very few arguments and seemingly able to get to a conclusions that satisfy both parties ... good point , what is the op trying to find out . also typing someone young can be a difficult task due to the lack of define habits that grow throughout the years , add that onto the cognitive ... the yin and the yang man the yin and the yang . iq does not equal personality , its how he uses it ( and how the information is processed ) , and yes the fact that he is a ninja plays a part , i would think istp are on and off with seeking adrenaline ... after reading the shikamaru wiki intelligence section , i would have to say he is istp just by the way they describe it ; though he does have an iq of 200 and that may play a factor but he uses his ... hyouka - houtarou has a good mind but does not get pleasure from the puzzles he solves . his motto if i don't have to do it , i won't . if i have to do it , i'll make it quick . so he has that lazy istp ... pressure is fun . i did this test too and got high fi ... along with high ti , si , ni at the same time ; and was even infp / istj / intp at one point . this could mean myers briggs is a bit more complicated then some of ... ask him , he'll tell you . yup trolls or fools on high horses who care not to read but their own thoughts . '