i'm usually about average at games , and thats after a huge amount of time invested in them . i would say that circumstances do dictate everything in my life but i never consider myself a victim of it . i am aware that my actions have the power to change my circumstances , and while i don't ... i don't tend to bother with insults . as to why they reported you , its probably because they couldn't be bothered to deal with someone like you , so they basically chucked the issue to someone else . i''m not sure there is such a thing as true love , and i'm not certainly not seeking it out , but i do keep an eye out just in case . my mum ( i think an infj ) holds herself responsible for the feelings of those around her , which i have inherited meaning that i seem to have a lot of fe for an istp . other than that , not really . 1 : in my case its because my mind completely blanks them . i know this isn't the sort of problem you were talking about , but i can literally look right at a pile of wet washing and not realise that i ... my main experiances haven't been great . basically i feel that enfps don't know when to shut up or respect other people's privacy , although that is heavily biased because of certain people . yeah . however in my case its generally because i hold myself back essentially meaning that i make myself left out . 5w4 here . i have a lack of se , primarily because bullying during my childhood forced me into strong introversion . i hate all of the options you posted under se . confused . i can't consiously use both . if i try my mind just kind of splutters out and i just become useless . my subconsious tends to take care of whichever i'm not actively doing . not even slightly , pretty much for the reasons reeseman described . i think an istp would make a great police officer , but i don't think being a police officer would suit an istp . statement 4 . i occasionally check in on the others i care about to see if they have any problems i can help with . yes , i think it might be a side effect of us being unwilling to express our emotions . we show nothing , we show more nothing , graaah . completed it . two quick notes on the survey : for the first question you forgot to specify that 0 was not at all . while this may be implied in the question , it is always worth stating . for question ... istps . for some reason the awkward small talk topic of weather is the only thing we can actually small talk about well . i have no missing numbers , and it says nothing about strength numbers . hi alice , nice to hear from you again , although its a shame things haven't worked out too well . it does sound like you've learned a lot about him since last time we spoke , and you seem to understand ... i'm not asexual , but i do have a very low sex drive . i would say istp . a lot of us have motivation issues for the every day things , with the occasional burst of ust wanting to do a certain thing . i also don't see many intp traits in what you have ... i don't wear them . to start with they feel restrictive , and i like having freedom of movement . even if i did wear them i wouldn't have the hood up , more because it would interfere with my hearing ... if you're going to tag my name at least type it correctly . i used exaggerated examples so that you might be able to understand how it is false . the fact that you can't see how your way is a similar ... ok , so i approach you and start talking about how i like music . i like listening to it , composing and arranging it , and have a keyboard and can sing . from this you might assume that i am the sort of ... i think you misunderstood our answers . don't emphasize your qualities , that is still portraying a false image of yourself . i'm bad at understanding people , but good at predicting them . i'm very variable . sometimes i can take an excessive amount of things that should cause stress and end up feeling energised and refreshed . more often i tend to just hide the stress , only really ... i've recently come up on this problem with my nephews , where my family all expects me to go along with it , while i just want to be the straight forward uncle . obviously in this situation i have to ... i am reasonably confident that i would black out before i could consume the amount of alchohol nescessary to make me even think about dancing . i would argue the imagination doesn't have to come from the choice of power , but rather the things you could do with it once you had it . the ability to negate consequences . i used to think that i didn't judge people however i've come to the conclusion that i do , but only in the sense that i use their actions to gain a better insight to the person . i don't make moral ... i have absolutely no urge to compete with you . ok , let me make some truly startling revelations . you know that bit where your friend says he likes you , but he thinks he's bad for you and wants you to be with someone better ? blunt truth ... for heavens sake , why do people always want to change so istps will like them . we'll either like you or not and modifying your behaviour will often comes of as fake which really wards us off . anyway , ... food is nice and its definately a good peace offering , but i eat to live , not live to eat . first off i'm not really sure what you are classing as emotional . if its simply how often do i feel emotions , then its a lot of the time but i pay them very little heed . if its how often emotions ... if he's open enough to admit he would like you more if you didn't have tattoos , then you probably don't need to worry , as he would have probably mentioned any further issues . still if it was me in ... xox if i was you i would go away , rethink your entire approach and decide which questions you want answered , and then come back with a different thread . from the start of this one you've been asking ... just so you know , no-one gives a shit . who said anything about anger ? these things annoy us , which is a far cry from making us angry . for example my dad keeps bugging me about getting a job . i need and am looking for one , but he keeps ... first question : there's a guy who's claiming he's got super-powers ( telekinesis ) . of course you don't believe him , but then he moves your mug in front of you . what would you think about ? i ... questions : do you like brainstorming ? not with others . are you guys usually thinking so much you have no idea what you wanted to do / what's going on around you ? no . do you follow a routine ... depending on the situation i tend to either just turn really serious and tell them to back off , and they generally do ( i am 6ft4 with wide shoulders though which may help a bit ) or just say something ... when i was very young i used to respond with physical violence , usually attempting to get people into strangle holds , and just being plain aggresive towards any threat . now i generally just laugh at ... ultimately the best thing i can say is two words : be yourself . it was who he fell for the first time around , and if there's to be any hope then you have to remain true to that . i can just about ... i would not cheat on a partner . simple as that . why not ask them in person ? it generally doesn't matter whether you ask in person or in text ( although phone calls are a pet peeve ) . i don't really understand the second question , could you please ... generally i just go for walks at night while listening to music . it helps clear my head .