' i suck at league of legends but still watch the games with a passion , does that count ? how're you ? : happy : http://i.imgur.com/YKHfBuu.png too bad there's too few of them on perc hello world ! go away ! ze life of ze infp ... don't be so modest , you wake up like that . s t u n n i n g : blushed : http://i.imgur.com/29Oyv1Dr.jpg ' bout time i step up my selfie game . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xoC0rHd01w one of my first guitar heroes . i'm a 6 through and through , and my life's work has reflected as such . well i made a bar a safer place , to some people that's their world : laughing : i once gave my mother a statue of what looked just like my recently deceased childhood dog , all getup in a santa hat and a pouch filled with candy canes for christmas . i've seen her cry plenty of ... i've never quite had the experience of someone being an asshole towards me , then asking for an apology for hurting my feelings ... all to be called childish for it . somehow they think that being a ... ... but still , happy birthday in advance :p roud : your government blocked the most popular image sharing site in the world ? ! that's harsh , man . damn boi u handsum some people just can't get over themselves , you know ? it's amazing how things turn out so much better once you stop giving them your time , and find someone else who just doesn't take support from you ... not even the start , i played a game called league of legends and mained a role called adc , one that was always paired with a support . and some stereotypes are true , most of the people on my friends ... lol hi how r u / ? * doesn't respond in middle of fight * ” fine fuk u slut bitch used up vagina and that was the last time i ever made a female character in any game . i would like to think so , but despite mbti type everyone is still their own person . for instance , you could be the most empathetic person in the world to your own political idealogigies and religious ... it's amazing how one small decision for yourself can lead to so many good things . why thank you :p roud : ~ this smile didn't take any effort at all ! honestly , i'm not surprised . when you told me you had to stop yourself from verbally assaulting me , i knew from then on you were an inherently mean spirited person . i'll give you one thing though , ... haha ! sorry ! let me rephrase , lemons are delicious , but things such as lemon jolly ranchers , lemon mike and ike's , warheads are not ... because they don't capture the power of lemon . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WI39ZkreFLE : tongue : that i should go where i'm appreciated . well you've come to the right place that's for sure , i know it's something a lot of people here do . i however have been fortunate enough to not suffer from this , i've just always gone with the flow ... lemon flavored candy needs to stop existing , or at least stop being mixed in with other fruit candies . http://i.imgur.com/lQB3ZyHr.jpg forgive my phone quality . coils to boils http://i.imgur.com/KM45xM8.jpg i tried to look happy for once . bicyclists : literally weaving into and out of lane ( because i don't have enough anxiety already . ) i tried pineapples on pizza . it wasn't the unholy abomination and omen of the oncoming armageddon of human suffering that begins the end of all things that will and will never be that i was lead to ... http://i.imgur.com/zn4smPj.jpg thanks bro . finding i can't really exist as a person without caffeine . just alone . i cannot speak at normal human pace for the life of me , i've just learned to speak slower and fill in spaces between words with interjections . oh ! and welcome to the forum :p roud : are you a wrestling fan too ? come join me melancholy and bigstupidgrin in the nwo , melancholy seems to think we're named the shield but he likes to get his ideas [ emoji 14 ] sent from my sm-n 920v ... my thanks doubled once people saw that you posted in here , haha . ric flair is a legend , he will never truly die . wooo ! gurl's gotta make a livin ' . hello , allie . after doing some light reading , they seem like the type of person i'd like to be . http://i.imgur.com/TJhgOvW.png http://i.imgur.com/91Ssziar.jpg haha alright i'll let you off the hook : tongue : no mention of avatar ? how could you betray me like that : laughing : avatar : the last airbender ! the only and only show you'll ever need : tongue : you should move there , you'd fit right in . stelliferous happy birthday ! spend all of your bday money on b u s i n e s s s o c k s ! ! anytime you think about them , give yourself a swift punch in the junk ... that way you'll only associate pain with them :p roud : gossip goat librarylady for being the only two other type 6 infp's i know . stronger together . '