' fashion fantasy game - login if you're interested . i mean there . on that game . sorry . chaotic good for choice . for nature i would probably be chaotic neutral . the most rational thing would be true neutral but it's really hard to follow that kind of path . anyone here on fashion fantasy game ? i love it , but as i said , the oldest person here is probably 16 . nice girls , but ... a few years ago but my style hasn't changed much . 16072916074 5160753 sorry for the double post . i suppose i have a style , i'm pretty careful about how i look and tend to see my clothes and make-up as fundamental parts of who i am . i love dressing up . i noticed lately that my sense of style ... for some female infps they don't pick you last for the team but at least they don't beat you up . usually . i'm reading it back after about 20 years , and i was wondering if the 4 march sisters can be easily typed . here my guessings : meg-esfj jo-entp beth-isfp amy-esfp until you haven't met an infp defending their values you don't really know the meaning of stubborn . we can be so stubborn as to be illogical . : tongue : i find j's to be very goal-oriented and ... then why f-types aren't simply grouped into f without considering the other functions or even if their f is introverted or extroverted ? :d ry : plus , do you apply the same criteria to t types as ... extroverts are pretty scary anyway ... : crazy : exfx can be nightmarish taken in big doses . i don't like the gushing either ; though maybe what i consider non-gushing would already be too much for ... trying to be logical is even worse for us . i noticed with time that attempting to conform to logical standards simply takes me in the wrong direction . i make mistakes . whatever works for living is ... it's nice from you . but yeah i can imagine ... either we become even sadder after drinking or get into a spreading love to the world kind of mood . i looove you ... do you love me ? : crying : that is ... what we mean with too logical usually is too logical for this situation i . e . , dealing with personal relationships etc ... ; if we were discussing maths then you couldn't be too logical , either ... infp here . sometimes i lurk around here , because i find your nt guys quite fascinating and interesting , but i tend to stick to our sub-forums because of the obvious strain it takes to communicate ... i'm not sure if i look innocent ; but maybe i do , also because i look younger than my age . i do remember shocking the other children in middle school by cussing though . because they all did swear ... like many others in this thread i seem to prefer detailed and realistic depictions of fantastic and / or symbolic and spiritual concepts . i also like cutesy and cartoonish depictions of eery and sad ... how can you lose all your moral values just because you're not religious anymore ? ? ? : confused : i've never been religious , and neither were my parents , but we don't go around being complete ... in the bible jesus does have some infp traits like being mellow and sympathetic and then go on crazy rampages in the temple . guess his core values were threatened ... : crazy : also his humor and ... yay ! :p roud : i still have to see inception and solaris . i like all the movies listed , but my favorite , even though i'm aware it's not a masterpiece or a cult movie , it's just a personal preference ... it's event ... it's not just a matter of feelings being more raw , as in intense emotions ... i meant more as having some kind of powerful force inside you that pulls you in a certain direction and the fact that you ... that feeling doesn't mean mushy lovey dovey crappy weakness . that it doesn't have anything to do with being a wimp , or an emo or whatever label you want to use . feeling is like electricity , it can ... it offends me that in most countries people who suffer and have no hope whatsover of not suffering and that will soon die anyway are deprived of the possibility of euthanasia . i'm very ... first i try not to cry myself . i have a thing where if i see someone crying i have to keep control not to join them . it's more of a physical thing than anything else . sometimes it can be beneficial , ... - spouse / significant other warm , helpful and kind - employer and / or employees trustworthy , creative and skillful - children as for the first recorded instance of infp rage when values are violated : me as a toddler hitting a much older child on the head repeatedly with a pinwheel screaming ... i'm not sure if we actually have the worst anger or if we * fear * our violent dark side more than other types . i'd say that we have any right to fear it , given the fact that sweet little grade school ... my dreams are totally bizzare , almost always lucid , complicated , long , tiring and fun . i have a dream journal online but i sadly don't update it enough even though i almost always remember my dreams ... 1 ) don't patronize or try to explain our behaviour as doing it for the attention , asking for help etc ... no matter how dramatic we might be , we will get even more dramatic if we are told we are ... these are a bit older http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v21/dorareever/chiara/ioneve.jpghttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v21/dorareever/chiara/ioio.jpg?t=1277158828 http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ksd2xs1Zu41qa2eayo1_500.jpg http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kqnl5rwdnb1qa2eayo1_500.jpg http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kqnl28ITiH1qa2eayo1_500.jpg i absolutely love this song ! ! i don't * hide * them , i filter and neutralize them . because for some reason i'm convinced that pure emotions , mine at least , are uber-dangerous . i wouldn't like to suppress them , it is unealthy and ... a human . oops , sorry i already am one , right ? so ... pure energy maybe . i adore the stuff that store sells , even though i never bought anything from them . usually my clothes are cheaper . they don't sell expensive clothes , only i buy really * cheap * clothes if i can ... i have a problem with the word fashion , makes me think of super-models , encouraging anorexia and grouop-thinking and making people believe they must spend lots of money to have brand name clothes ... not smart , but extremely talented in certain fields , mostly languages / humanities . my online iq tests usually have an incredibly wide range , depending on how much math is there , if i'm tired , not in a ... also the title of this thread makes me think of infp porn , like porn targeted especially to infps or featuring infps for those who have a infp fetish : bored : what i learned from this thread is that infp's mostly associate se with food . : wink : why does the thought of drunken intj's scares me ? : shocked : yeah the infj thing was mostly because of the meher baba thing . it seemed like an infj thing to me . but then again i thought about something like we won't get fooled again and that song strikes ... i have many different opinions on porn : some is demeaning , some is not , some ( most ) is laughable , some distrurbing , some i guess could be exciting if you're into it ... basically i do not have a real ... well art can mean lots of things , painting , writing , music , acting ... even textile arts like sewing and crochet ... i'm not actually sure though that you can be an hybrid . you can have a s / n score ... isfp is my guess . never heard of an infp not being a reading fanatic : tongue : probably you have borderline s / n though . i would have guessed isfp from your answers , but i'm not sure : unsure : your answer to what you think about when you think of the 60 ' s / 70 ' s didn't sound like a typical ( whatever a typical infp ... i'm not unable to love , my love when it comes is really deep and steady . but it takes a lot for me to fall in love and love , i'm far from cold but it's very rare for me to fall for someone . i can ... my mind works this way : 1 ) until fi hasn't decided if something ( situation , information ... anything basically ) is good for there's no way i can be ok . in my dialogue my fi was emo and whiny , ... i like the who ! ! pete - infj rog - esfj keith - esfp john - intp just a quick , not too pondered , guess . '