' do you have an inner monologue in your head at all times ? how do you care so damn much about everyone ? why is my wanting to read not an acceptable form of recreation ? more later when you feel compelled to find this person and attempt to make eye contact with them ... that which can't be disproved is a religion ... any system of belief , including atheism , is a religion ( my phone tried to auto correct that too ' are legion ' lol ) . my religious beliefs and spiritual ... its always funny to me when people talk about believing in the ' literal truth ' of the bible . it makes no sense to believe that the universe was created in six days ... and factoring in cultural ... why ? when most of the pictures of you as a child are either deadpan and pensive , aka natural smile ; or ridiculously over the top , because someone had to force you to smile . [ quote = suigeneris ; 3510768 ] interesting statement ... just out of curiosity , what makes you say that ? quote ] religion is only a means to an end . i believe god has set this particular religion as the ... i can be emotional . im definitely sensitive . but its been postulated that i may suffer from mild pstd , which would definitely skew results . however , my husband tells me he never tell how i feel ... i was the adhd poster child when i was younger . couldnt sit still and focus on what i was told to focus on for the life of me . and i was pretty chatty . i was put on ritalin at 5 and finally refused ... so do i , and with the same reactions , but faith that cant be questioned , isnt really faith , in my opinion . me ! but even with this , i am not a conventially religious person . i believe in god , and the bible , and to those things only do i have loyalty . im one of jehovah's witnesses . raised as such , and still ... i'll letcha know if i ever get to that point ... ;) i do however agree that contemplation is more important .. i sorta agree . i dont read very much nonfiction , because its mostly all like you described . i love fantasy etc though . stuff that gives me something to think about . books are a starting point . then ... when you ignore the entire point of the post ( which was the joke , duh ! ) and instead focus on how smart you are ? when you're response to exclamations like gawd cyphyr , ur lyek so smart & & shit ! is no . i just read . you should try it someday . when you misspell ' exclamations ' as excalmations , and instead of ... sometimes i take my laptop outside and surf the web there ... does that count as being adventurous , wickedqueen ? i mean , a bird could crap on it , or the glare could blind me , or i could sit on a ... work days : get up early toss on whatever clothes i step on first work for between 5-8 hours complain about customers come home computer pick up husband more computer dinner for me it depends on what it is . i dont like seeing other people being badly hurt like what intj the dc said ... that would be rather horrible . however , ive hurt myself before , pretty badly , and been ... that post of yours was pretty epic . the only point i truly disagree with is the one about a deistic outlook on life . ive always wondered about this seemingly all out war on belief in god ... im a decent driver , overall . i do tend to drive fast and not brake for turns , but ive never been involved in a serious accident ( i scraped a car in a parking lot that was parked crookedly ... ) . my dad ... i did very little planning actually . my infj sister did most of it for us . hubby and i ( intj ) basically just told her what we wanted and she executed it all . the wedding itself was actually for our ... all else i can think to say is this , of all the marriages ive seen fail ( a few of which have been my father's ) , the cause of death is asphyxiation . lack of communication will choke a marriage . and ... you're not gonna find a fix on the internet . i understand young marriage , and a strict religious upbringing . ( 20 year old jehovah's witness , married for a year .. if you want specifics ) . talk to ... not nearly enough information . perhaps fill out one of the questionnaires that are stickied in the whats my type forum . spades ' is a good one to start with . we need to have some data on your thought ... when you play devil's advocate in a argument with yourself . when you find a new movie / book etc that sounds interesting , your first inclination is to read the wiki page , reviews , critiques and ... breathe . had to . it was gonna drive me crazy . i sort of agree with op . although i think i more just get stuck . i tend to rethink and rehash old ideas , relive old experiences , making them better in my mind . sort of editing the past to fit my ... i am very introverted , and shy as well , but i can be outgoing in controlled settings . like work . im at a grocery store coffee shop currently . its part of my job to be friendly and acknowledge people ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? middle 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? a ... i like nfs . especially nfps . i think because we share ne , but the driving force behind it is different , ti and fi , respectively , that we can communicate in compatible ways , while still providing a ... when you are very tempted to asked if they've ever bitten their nails or some similar habit ... i always reimagine ( im being rebellious and not correcting that there typographical error , just to see if it will piss my computer off .. itll probably crash in a minute ... anywho ... ) conversations ... i too used to really hate those ' do-it-in-bits ' projects . especially if i was expected to turn in an outline before writing the paper .. i always ended up writing the outline last ... i usually do ...  ... i actually imagined this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3AxyrO7AfM ista * maniacal laugh * * innocent blink * imagine the sound a hundred eyes blinking all at once would make ... when you are less upset over having cracked the screen on your new ipod then when you thought it had been stolen . at least its still usable even with the cracked screen . fall and winter are my favourite times of year as far as clothing is concerned . i tend to layer alot . skirts with tights and legwarmers . lace up boots , scarves and gloves with the fingers cut off ... five pages worth , yep . no one ? harumph saw this in someone elses thread and thought the questions were a little more suited to actually typing someone ... : mellow : 1 . when working on a project where do you place your emphasis ? the ... ambidextrous , though out of convenience i do many things with my right hand . female by the way . its better that you said it . the fact that you're still stuck on your generalizations being overruled should give you something to think about . also science has at its very core the desire to gain ... when your take on decision making can be described as the situation will likely resolve itself before i make my choice , so i just wont worry about it when your response to any questions is usually something obtuse , and if you're feeling extroverted that day , kinda perverted ... when you only think of these questions in your mind and it makes ... or you end up looking bashful and shy because suddenly all the people you had managed to avoid close contact with are all up in your grill smiling like bloodthirsty banshees ... and ... i never thought of this as being type related but i pretty much refuse to walk in front of people . its hard even to walk in step , usually i end up about half a step behind . its oddly irritating to ... when you thinking nothing of how it sounds to be talking loudly about your favourite coffee shop while at work ... at a coffee shop . when you put the u back in words like favourite on principal . ... when someone forces you to try a food which you know you dont like ( having had it or a variant before ) and your only reply to the question ' how is it ? ' is its good but i dont like it you see this a ... when you wish telepathy was already a reality because this whole talking thing is way more trouble than its worth . when you're constantly surprised that everyone things you're angry or sad . just ... i'm on of jehovah's witnesses , as is my husband ... ( intj ) i have been raised in the religion , although i have also learned about various other religions . i almost hate other christian religions ... '