' plan was to take this all very slow . and about the keeping things inside ... it's who i am , i can't help that . i will keep it all bottled up . i can handle it . so should i distance myself ? ... i don't fully understand what i'm supposed to do here . sounds like me , yes . i feel joy around her , but then when i'm away from her , i feel nothing . she is the first and only person i've cared for . ehhh , idk .. i just care for her too much . whenever i feel like nothing is gonna happen , i feel empty and numb . it's a dark feeling . the darkest thing i've ever felt . i don't want to say love ... so there's this girl i like a lot , i am very protective of her to the point where i felt like i was about to fight someone just because i thought she was in danger ... i am enrolled in a entrepreneurship in school and i need people to take this survey . i already survey people around my are and i want to see if i get similar results online ! answer truthfully ! ... i never understood love , but i understood lust . it was a weakness of mine . about your friend ( ? ) , i can completely relate . my father and aunt are in their death bed ... not a single tear has been shed ... okay , i will . so i am alone , it's official . i grew up alone with no emotional support . i pretty much self-taught myself . i have done things by myself throughout my life . i grew up seeing my brothers ... there was a time when i was depressed and was able to overcome it . now i'm just empty and alone . i try to feel something but i can't . i have completely numbed my emotions , not purposefully . i hope that's not what she is doing so the question now is ... when and how do i ask for her number ? i never know when the right time is ... all right . i guess i will see how it goes . don't have much to lose if all fails . thank you . sorry , i guess i didn't trust / believe the male perspective when it comes to something like this until now . thank you . the problem with me is i might over look things . it is true she called me cute ... i'd like to get a female's perspective ... but yes , you guys did help . so there's this enfj ... i don't know how to say this but i have a feeling she likes me and yet i'm not too sure about this feeling . she told my friend i'm cute . am i over-thinking it ? anyways , she ... i have noticed just a few days ago that my friends have dragged me down so much . i am capable of so much . this past summer was the first time i actually hung out with friends . my goal was to go to ... tried doing wrestling again . shit pisses me off . i like going my own pace or being the coach or giving out orders . i do like wrestling , but i kinda have an injury now so ... i can't . i tried again in expressing myself but people really don't care . it sickens me ... it doesn't go inwards for e , it goes out towards the world . i am called emotionless , cold , dead , hollow , and ... alright , thanks . just gotta find a way how to do it ... and if i trust no one ? well , teachers run to the students ' aid all the time ... maybe i'm afraid of something . i have been afraid of affection my whole life since i grew up without it . anyways , whenever i try to express ... well , it could mean that , but not always . can't say i have had this experience , not really sure since i tend to keep to myself . but when i feel down , no once comes to help . i see girls in my school ... and how does it work out for you ? if you are assuming that i feel sorry for myself , i don't . i actually have no reason to . being alone is all i know , so i can't compare it to anything and say hey , i wish i was this way ( though i do ... maybe i will make a thread to analyze other people's avatars . torn between an infj ( interior ) and intj ( exterior ) , i have had this pain throughout my whole life ... i don't even know if it's pain . more like a hole ... it's a weird feeling in my heart , it's heavy , ... can't say i don't attract people , because i definitely do ... it's strange , i tend to keep quiet and they end up talking to me . our school votes for things like best hair , best smile , etc ... i heard a ... so in class we were discussing about how keeping emotions in can be a bad thing . teacher asked does anyone know someone who keeps emotions to themselves ? i said i keep to myself . i was actually ... besides it being from naruto , what would be the symbolism of it ? just pretend it was a random piece of art . i see it as a good thing , but i sometimes dislike being like this . makes me feel inhuman . i'm going with option b . i did give him a second chance and he lied and continued to insult me behind my back . the reason why i did count him as a friend is because i don't really care what people ... i stopped talking to him but he went on and on about how is my best friend . my 2 other friends gave him a chance and later got kicked out of his house ... also , i was at a school football game with ... excuse of her being that she is afraid of driving in the highway ... is that legitimate ? i wish you knew how many times i've had this convo of why she doesn't allow me to get surgery ... it has been ... you mean what it means to me ? yes , i have told her . this is my future right here ... i'm an adult next year , i'm on my own . i had a good job but then the injury came along and it kept getting worse . i ... i remember her saying that she is afraid to drive in the highway ... not a very good excuse . my insurance should be able to cover it . also , i have to take a very important test to get certified this ... i just turned 17 this summer . yes , i have discussed this with my mom . she wants to wait until dad comes back and honestly , i don't think he will come back . he has been gone for 4 years now and he ... i'll make this short . my dad is out of the country and i live with mom . i have a shoulder injury from a sport that prevents me from physical activity . i've had it for 2 years now . i have yet been ... okay , so i have a close friend name ryan . i have known him for about 4 years now , but he was always known for lying and trash talking behind someone's back . 2 days ago we were at his house and he ... hello , cortez here . i am torn between an intj and infj and by that i mean that i act as both . intj externally , infj internally . so yeah , hi . hope you enjoy the forum ! let's just accept our different views and move on ... bye rayp . see what i did dere ! ? i agree with you , there really is no point to life . but i can have my own reason to live . i can choose to do what i want and in all honesty , it can't and shouldn't be perceived as good or bad . i ... jesus ... i remember being a freshman in my school saying things like i can't wait to graduate but damn ... i never expected time to go b so fast . my teacher even told me i would end up missing ... i like mmo's , but most mmo's aren't on console yet ... well , only a few are . next-gen is coming up ... hopefully we can see more mmo games on console . i am perceived as cold-hearted , but am i really ? i also just shrug it off . same thing over and over ... it just got old and boring , so yeah . don't care about many things , maybe that's why i sound so ... i know that too well . i believe i am a nice guy but i hear people say he looks like a killer or something like that . it's annoying , but whatever . nice to meet you . ummm , i play all genres but i prefer fps and rpg games . no , i do not own a 3ds thanks for the tip dauntless ! makes me want to stay on this forum actually . '