' for the record , i think there's a certain version of the official mbti which will measure neuroticism . i'd also be curious to see how it correlates with the hsp trait . limbic here . enneagram ... when in doubt about your enneagram type , look less at the overall descriptions and more at the core motivations , fears , and directions of integration and disintegration for each type . also , you can ... i have to admit that enfps frequently grab my eye first . things don't tend to work with them long-term , though ... and the few entps i've been friends with / dated tend to drive me up the wall in ... i've been single and essentially celibate for more than 3 years at present . this is the longest since my college days that i've been without a partner of some sort . the first 18 months wasn't too ... i've been big on personality theory for going on 2 decades . i never used to base anything on dating about it , except about how we're similar and different . but over time , i noticed that it was ... you see things so differently from everyone else i've known . ( points over yonder , at a cute fluffy enfp ) if it keeps the socionics talk out of the other forums ( where it tends to confuse people ) , i'm all for a separate forum . same here . enfps can be quite magical . we appreciate you as well . how to find us ? there's a whole mess of us right here . :) how to win us ? be you , and slowly but surely step towards us . spiritual ? ( eyes username ) yes , quite . every moment can be spiritual . religious ? no , not at all . i have my own beliefs and my own path , and try to minimize or eliminate ceremony and dogma ... heh - that's happened with both esfjs i've talked mbti with . have the mods / admins looked into some of the plugins available for vbulletin ( spam-o-matic , keycaptcha , etc . ) that deal with addressing and blocking spammers ? not meaning to step on toes or ... what's up with all the spambots taking over the general psychology forum the last week or two ? is there a way to ip-ban them , or otherwise persuade them to stop ? when i was younger , i hugged rarely . these days , i ( nearly always ) hug where offered , and offer where i feel appropriate . it takes some getting used to , but i'm better for it . :) i was raised by a pair of xxtjs from the military . they didn't quite know what to do with a touchy-feely kid , and a boy at that . a few dozen years later , after studying a lot about people , i get ... so i'm looking for inspiration about career ( s ) , and i reread the infj section of type talk for work . outside of the clergy , and perhaps private-practice psychology , it is not an easy lot to be ... i generally start people off with temperaments ( 4 ) , then the letters of the mbti (8 ) , then the cognitive functions ( another 8) down the road .  ... unless it's another fe type , and then i normally ... there are several threads on this in the infj forum , with good advice from infjs who have been / are with other infjs . it can be a very intense relationship - you're both seeking closeness , you're ... 3 minute lag / delay while posting a reply to a thread tonight . it did stamp the post with the time i hit submit , though . just wanted to add that this is pretty much it for me - if i know where i stand with someone i care about , i'm good . if you make me guess , i could be described as clingy at times . and these days , ... to be honest , pamala oslie irks me a bit because she barely mentions that she lifted most of her material verbatim from her mentor , barbara bowers . she wrote the original what color is your aura ? ... this is exactly how my libra infp friend is . coincidentally , she was the one who got me interested in astrology . taking up to 5 minutes to navigate between pages this morning . with moderate amounts : - the internal critic ( enneagram 1 ) turns off - i become more relaxed - i get more talkative ( depends on company ) with more extreme amounts : - i become more ... 1 ] from memory , more infx types than others are hsp ( i want to say that 40 % of hsps were infx , but can't find the reference ) . also , according to dr . aron , 30 % of hsps are extroverts , which would ... one can always will or force yourself to quit an addiction . however , without dealing with the root causes , it's just like lopping weeds off close to the ground instead of yanking the whole thing out ... that'd be this survey , i believe . from memory , for infjs : 4 is the most common 1s , 5s , and 6s are frequent 2s and 9s are less frequent 3s , 7s , and 8s are rare this phrase seems to be floated as an analogue for borderline personality disorder - and having known several people with the condition , i'd have to disagree with said label . that said , can infjs ... i've felt the same way - while there's been some forward motion in a few areas of my life , the rest has become a waiting game . the problem with this particular game is that the longer whatever-it-is ... keirsey lined up the four groups based on the four temperaments . originally it was all middle letters - sf / st / nf / nt , but even myers herself said that the st and sf groups were too vague and ... went ahead and updated my sig . :D from that link ... try the middle road ( tm ) . for me , personal growth - almost to the exclusion of all else . which really freaks people out . > _ > why's that ? infps seem happiest with each other , according to it - and there's a whole forum full of them here . and like with infjs ( who also seem happiest with each other ) , you get someone who ... infps are great friends for me , not so great for me in relationships . also , here's an article on mbti and marriage satisfaction research . i was 100 % against the death penalty and believed everyone could be reformed until i did my stint in grad school for counseling . part of the assigned reading was an article on sociopaths . the ... mirrors . you suspect something's there , but don't know until you bump into it . when you do and they shatter , you're confused as to where i am - which allows for an escape . > _ > according to keirsey , it's an nf thing in general . we idealize other people until they smack you hard enough that the rose-colored glasses come off - and then we go oh hell , i did it again . for ... this kind of goes back to where keirsey and myers parted ways a few decades ago . mbti : measures innate preferences kts : measures expressed preferences if the mbti is truly measuring innate ... this link points at it being a combination of nature and nurture . so far , it's the best explanation i've found . i work in a service / giving profession . i help those who ask for it the best i can . aside from that , the world is free to go the direction it chooses . i used to have a strong desire to save ... seems that these are primarily unhealthy behaviors for each of the 9 types . that said , the leaden rule and manipulation statements for type 1 are accurate for me . when i see myself acting in this ... this is how i always start . concrete speech and utilitarian approach to others : sp concrete speech and cooperative approach to others : sj abstract speech and utilitarian approach to others : ... inside of every cynical person , there is a disappointed idealist . - george carlin i started off being an exceedingly safe and cautious driver . then i was a full-time delivery driver for four years . that taught me to become a very good driver , at the expense of some of the ... you're self-aware enough to predict it , but not self-aware enough to stop it ? ( stands back for a minute and waits for infj powarz to engage ) : wink : i'm a 1w9 , and 9w1s and i just don't really click for relationships . i had one long-standing friendship with a 9w1 , but eventually it fizzled due to the superego stuff you mentioned . i've had one ... try comparing an infj e8 to the average infj e4 ( or your own e6 ) for a bit more variance .   ... though the infj e8 isn't likely to be the model of conflict-avoidant ... : wink : as many have mentioned , lots of things make infjs look different . - enneagram - two infjs of different types can be very different in how they portray themselves . the stereotypical infj seems to ... '