' could you be with someone you love , who loves you back , if they were possibly interested in someone else and also possibly interested in including that someone else in your relationship ? my treasure hidden in my chest buried deep . they'd dive at me and cut it out if they knew . make me walk the plank my sins strapped to my ankles , heavy . hands bound behind my back with ... very true for me , unless i'm feeling huggy . i get in moods where i feel anxious and hugging is kinda how i seek comfort , i think . i hug a lot , depending on who i'm with and how much i care for ... you know you're an enfj when : 1 . you like the numbered lists . 2 . you may have a preference for how many items are on the list based on number favoritism , and will strive to make the list conform to ... haha you're way better than me , my friend . my hobo attire follows me to class , the store , work ( at my old job where they woudln't fire me for being ew ) , church activities ( that don't take place on ... i have an intp man and we've not really run into a situation where he wanted me to leave him alone ( yet ) , but i think i'd understand if he did . it might help if you guys discussed it when it's not a ... all this talk about sharing has made me wanna share . also , etherea i can't thank your poem for whatever reason , but that was beautiful . - - - i need to breathe can ’ t capture a breath it ... i tend to shy away from posting old stuff because sometimes it doesn't feel like me anymore . but when i do , it's always kinda fun . share a bit of who i was in that moment with someone who never knew ... wanderinglucid and ps i really like your poetry , too . you manage to pull a lot of emotion from subtle places . i like it oh my gosh , you are so sweet ! thank you ! so much ! i'm using a lot of exclamation points ! i'll calm down , just a sec . that means a lot to me , really . thank you again . and you like florence ! you're ... i'm kind of an interior design junkie , and i love home decor stuff . i like to work hard to make things beautiful . i enjoy being creative and making something that others like to look at . however , ... i know , that's why i can't find anything on it . i'm thinking he was mistaken . is it possible for an enfj to have an fe-ne loop ? if my ne is more developed than my ni ? hey guys =) so i've recently been told that i may be stuck in an fe-ne loop . i've looked for information about an enfj being stuck in said loop , but haven't found much . i thought to myself , why ... i used to be that way . it wasn't until i told myself that i won't know until i try , as far as being open in a friendship is concerned . around the same time that i decided not to be so concerned about ... inspired but that's less than ten characters , so now you get this little extra bit i sometimes doubt because i believe i have a strong p most of the time , and therefore a weak j . and i often feel much more i than i am e . i know i'm a j , it's obvious . and i'm very clearly an e , as ... i wonder if some of you struggle with detachment as i do . i feel like i don't often miss someone . i miss being with people , because ... i'm an e and i like that energy from time to time . but specific ... i have an internet friend that i've never met in real life , so we've never really exchanged gifts . but for my most recent birthday , he wrote me a letter about how much he appreciates our friendship ... lol that's the one question of yours that i wasn't sure how to address . i'm pretty fortunate . i've run into two or three other enfj women in your age group . i suppose i could recommend that you come ... howdy =) i think y ’ all intps are great , too . i ’ m a 20 year old enfj and i have three intp friends . i ’ m very close to all of them ( and because i know such is not always the case , i ’ ll add that ... i thought we weren't supposed to give sharp things to emo kids ? i love when i can finally decide on something that is my favorite . i'm very indecisive and sometimes feel unfair for having favorites , but i get real passionate about silly things like my favorite ... i typically pick up on how someone likes to be cared for and then give them that kind of care . if someone especially loves praise / compliments , then i speak my mind when thoughts along those lines pop ... i'd say that ne is more like a bubble wand =) personal opinion . great list ! =D http://bellsouthpwp2.net/a/s/aspaster/images/bubble-wand-1.jpg haha no worries , the enfj forum can just get kinda slow at times . we tend to stay pretty busy . i like your profile . but i've been told by both of the intp males that i associate with that i like ... whenever i type a friend as an s , i tell them it stands for super powers . i love all the stuff that they care about that i don't . it provides for interesting casual conversation because they will ... i used to get frustrated sometimes as a kid and would want to just take whatever i was holding and chuck it . or would think up something that i thought was clever and mean and want to say it . it's ... hmm . i have an intp and we've grown pretty close . really , close , actually . and i'm sometimes put off by his ... intpness . he'll seem to grow cold , or push me away when he decides that we're too close ... when a friend tells you , i fight with all of my friends . i've been angry with all of them at least once . except you . i've never been mad at you , ever , in all the years i've known you . what kind of ... i can tune people out when i really just need to drop everything and figure something out , but it's difficult , and without shutting down , i can't work problems out as easily as i'd like to . and ... 22,700 . seems about average for my grouping . just makes me wanna read more and take it again , though =) haha hi ! welcome ! have you taken the cognitive functions quiz we have here ? might show you where your levels are and help fortify your results from whichever mbti test you took =) or was it ... i had been trying to figure out a way to say what you said in your opening statement , but the words wouldn't come to me . you're wonderful , and i agree completely . gotta make him feel safe . and ... hmm i experience this kind of thing most often when i read , and i kind of have to fight the way the emotion makes me ... i dunno , it's kinda like i start to think like my characters . i get pulled ... i do get wrapped up in others sometimes and may find it hard to balance . that bit about ensuring him you like his company ... =) that's good . i often feel like i'm bothersome or unwanted around ... hmm , i know i can be inconsistent at times . i dunno that i'd ever be hot and cold with someone though . i focus on making people feel comfortable . even with my closest friends and family , who i feel ... like a child who'll never grow up with shadows sewn to his shoes i stitch my soul into my clothes - keep it close . remind it that i'm warm and familiar never grow shockingly cold or coldly ... when you go to the gym and fall off of the treadmill ... twice . and laugh at yourself for the remainder of your visit , and on the way home , and tell everyone about it , and post about it on facebook ... i have an intj father , and two intj friends and i love ' em all . i'm really fond of nt ( so maybe that's where intjs and i have the most in common lol ) and you scientists are good people , in my book . i ... these are fantastic questions , and i've really been wondering about them lately . thanks jawz =) i dunno if i have any answers . but i have my thoughts thus far , pulled from introspection . 1 . why ... you guys make me happy . i see your pictures and smile , and your comments make me feel right at home . been away for a bit , and i missed this . you guys are just fantastic . mir =) you just type their name as it appears on their profile , with the @ before it , no spaces and that tags them in a post i'm glad i could be helpful exactly . i have an enfj friend ... mir i agree with and relate to a lot of what jawz and kc said . and i struggle with expressing my thoughts and opinions just as you described it . i get very frustrated when someone asks my opinion ... i have an enfj friend who has a crisis of morals and isn ’ t sure what the “ right thing ” is . she ’ s kind of gotten involved with a coworker who ’ s been married a few times and doesn ’ t share her ... not exactly an enfj poster , but i think it may still be applicable : 27935 gah , these videos are amazing ! speeches , slam poetry , dancing , movie clips , inspiring songs , and star wars . i think this is my new favorite thread ! ... poor quality , but it grabbed me and didn't let go . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWUtywfwsMw&feature=related dove's onslaught commercial http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epOg1nWJ4T8 and there was a commercial made in the same format called onslaught ( er ) which reprimands dove for it's palm oil ... penguinfrk http://www.motivationals.org/demotivational-posters-3/demotivational-poster-69333.jpg what am i doing ? i never know what i ’ m doing . why don ’ t i ever know what i ’ m doing ? it ’ s not like i ’ m missing parts . i ’ ve got everything i need to figure it out . but , still , it ’ s ... '