' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PEGDGxZdzA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PEGDGxZdzA avicii ill get a youtube vid . just a sec . i love my pillows more than my bed . _ . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i hope this is worth it . hello , this is my first post on here . i have taken the personality type test on here in the past , but i have not used the forums . in the past i have been a strong isfp , but in the past year , i have ... honestly , nothing . but that's not what i told everyone . it made me nervous that everyone around me knew what they wanted to be and i had no clue . local natives - wide eyes ( and all their other songs : 3 ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QjvgWgHKCY your aspie score : 115 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 96 of 200 you seem to have both aspie and neurotypical traits in / sfp you are very lucky . keep going with it ! whatever you're doing , you're doing it right . i rather enjoyed the girl with the dragon tattoo - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia and the two following that one . i am an aries i don't really know what to necessarily believe right now . however , i have this image in my mind of a giant ( i mean like giant . an infinite line ) queue of souls ( i guess ? ) somewhere , like limbo ... writing letters / thank you notes . i'd rather thank or congratulate someone in person . it's already difficult for me to put my thoughts into words , and i don't want to have a permanent blahblahblah i ... when i am in public , i know that people aren't looking at me ( or i try to convince myself that ) , but i still feel self conscious . i think it probably has to do with the fact that i like to observe ... haven't slept yet . iguana salad foot pie that's how i've always remembered it ... . _ . norcal . kind of close to sacramento hello , a while ago , before i even joined this forum , i was consistently getting isfp on my tests . recently , i've tried a few of the ones listed on this forum . i seem to be in the middle with s and ... dogs , laptop , my pillow best : um .. i got an a in choir : 3 worst : history , physics , chemistry , english ; specifically book tests >:( i don't read to memorize every single detail . i read for pleasure . oh , and the finding ... i think i remember being extroverted when i was very young , in early elementary school . i think i changed somewhere in 3rd to 4th grade . i'm thinking it might have been because i was a year younger ... when i'm put in an unfamiliar setting , it's very difficult for me to try to make friends . i usually just go with the flow and wait for opportunities . if i can't make a friend , then oh well :/ i ... when you were young did you like to leave home ? did it depend on if you were with or without your parents ? did it depend on the destination ? i used to cry when i got angry and frustrated . i've made myself to stop tears when that happens now . i like the smell of peaches well , finals is finally over . one last day of messing around in school until break :) tomorrow will be fun . i think my procrastination has gone too far . i should be studying for my finals right now . these past few days i've gone and taken all but one of my finals without studying o_o what are your ... i'd rather melt in and observe from afar . although , occasionally being in the spotlight is nice when it's for something good :) i'm only speaking for myself , but i would be rice . specifically sticky rice . _ . 1 . an easy life 2 . an awesome life 3 . being able to draw well i'm so selfish leave , door , peep march 23 , 199x i finished learning some a while ago and my teacher got me started on a couple songs . i'll edit this later with the exact song names . studying ( or at least trying to ) for finals . 1 . ) artistic - i wish i was more of this . although my friends tell me i am . 2 . ) rebellious - meh . sometimes 3 . ) animal lovers - of course 4 . ) caring of others - man , too much 5 . ) too ... i was just wondering what types of videogames you guys liked ( if you do like videogames ) i'll write up a few that i really like :) pokemon ( i've stopped buying the games though :/ more like a ... i enjoy card games . i don't like the games where you have no influence at all on the outcome . there's this korean card game called gostop that i enjoy . i play that game to gamble with fake money ... manatee . jk i have no idea . i have not had any dreams lately , but some that i remember from a few years back i have no idea what they were about . i remember one where i was sneaking into this highly secured building at ... 1 . i enjoy observing my environment . just like ... staring at things and people . 2 . i want to live in korea . 3 . i want to capture all the sights i see , but not in a photograph or video . just in my ... my friend must have taken the test incorrectly or something - . - he doesn't fit any of these . yarg . i couldn't figure out how to edit my post . unrelated to romantic interests , a two of my best friends that i've had take the test are intj and estj . i like talking to my estj friend ... i am quite sure that this would not last , but i feel attracted to an intj right now . but she's kind of intimidating o_o . i don't know what she actually thinks of me . hello , i am currently learning to play piano and oboe . this is going to be my 11th year of taking piano and my 3rd ( 2nd ? i dont remember . _ . ) year playing oboe . i find it frustrating when i'm ... i like serious people . not people who joke around all the time - . - i always feel embarrassed for those people when i'm around them . i'm not really sure why though . i love my glasses . i never got ... same here . i get mad at : judgmental people arrogant people people who do things just so that they can be in control of something . ( seriously ... i hate these people so much ) being ordered to ... piano and oboe ! ( formerly clarinet ) oh and in choir . but that was on accident . supposed to be in band :d ry : don't like writing at all :( '