' i don't smoke weed , and all i have to say : if you don't need it and you ain't got cash to burn , don't do it . reasons i don't smoke weed : - it would complicate my life - i'll need extra money for ... have you witnessed any ? do you think they could exist ? discuss . oh no , i think we scared oceaneyes 95 away . ditto on this . not every scientist is an nt but the surrounding culture and ethos is very nt , or at least t . to respond to the op , the most amount ... i have a weird relationship with politics . i was born into one country and am therefore the citizen of it , but then my parents moved me out when i was younger to study . they then immigrated to ... i like playing soccer , even though i suck . i used to not like it when i was younger because my teammates would get mad / impatient at me or gloat at my failures or whatever . now finally we're mature ( ? ) ... i would say every human life has symbolic value . there's a saying , killing a single person is like killing all of mankind . in a way it is true . if you sacrifice a ditch digger to save a cancer ... i'm just a student myself so i'm not yet in the real world , but it sounds like you're looking in the right direction . i just want to encourage you to keep going down the rabbit hole and investigate ... i don't know , i think those are kind of sweet . :P what bothers me more than the words is the delivery . i wouldn't mind any of them in , say , a small framed picture or a knicknack , but putting them ... just realized i didn't really address any of the questions in the op's post ... * facepalm * but will those men think the same when they come face to face with a battle of wits , in which the woman ... most boring kind of answer , i know , but it depends on the man and what he deems intelligent . i don't care what most men want in a woman . i zoom in on one man or a type and try to figure what ... can't we all just agree there's no one-size-fits-all economic system ? theoretically , a dictatorship having full control over the economy can be a very good thing if the dictator makes sound ... sounds nasty . imagine all the stretchmarks . not to mention the vomiting , mood swings , weight gain , having to pee constantly , etc . i could put up with it if i expected to be able to raise the child ... it's not something i feel i have to explain to other people . it's almost like , you're on the same page or you're not . for me morality is akin to good taste or good judgment . it's partly instinct and ... some questions : what is it about cs that made you lose interest ? are there certain types of activities you end up consistently doing without anyone pushing you ? when i went to an advisor to ... i think that's the moral of the story , yeah . the monk could have been terrified and scared of what was going to happen to him ( the future ) , but he chose to savor the apple ( the present ) instead . somebody told me this riddle : once a monk was chased through the forest by a fearsome tiger . the tiger chased him to the edge of a cliff . seeing no way out , the monk jumped , and on the way down he ... if you were to create a set of guidelines for when and how to wage a rebellion against an existing government , what would you say / write / decree / argue / suggest ? give reasons why . and of course , irl ... food . if i'm not mistaken , from the way he calls himself stupid and says he's going to fail it sounds like he has low confidence in his academic skills . anxiety and fear about his competence is only going ... you're right , trying to convince her isn't going to do anything . if you really want her back you should probably go work on yourself some more . like , for a good solid couple months at least . just so ... on tests i got either infp or intp . it makes sense because although i'm not very emotional there is an artsy fartsy aspect to my personality where aesthetics and things feeling right are very ... talent / personality-wise : i'm good at being a perfectionist . that sounds vague and obnoxious , but what i mean is that once a task or project has my full attention it has my absolute full attention ... i don't like to define myself . i like what walt whitman said : do i contradict myself ? very well then i contradict myself , ( i am large , i contain multitudes . ) i don't think i'm a good ... turning off your thoughts takes some practice . i think i learned how inadventently as a kid . when i was little my older sister taught me a trick for falling asleep : think nothing . after a couple ... i'm currently taking some computational stuff along with my political science courses for a certificate in computational methods . this is a very short program ( < 1 year ) so it's not really ... it seems like we're approaching the issue from different directions , so i'll just reply to a few things . ( for context , i don't have a fixed political stand on the issue . i'm a bit cynical about ... i disagree with your analysis here . first , i've never heard of christian jihadists . i don't think it's a phrase that's commonly used to discuss christian extremists . even if it is , the ... what would that achieve , though ? by right-wing conservative muslim terrorists , you mean isis , right ? why would they care about their position relative to liberal muslim non-terrorists ? they don't ... err ... then it can be anything . it doesn't sound like you know each other very well . i think he should have offered but there are a zillion reasons why he might not have , so ... i don't know . maybe he wants to hang out but feels awkward about asking for some reason . can you tell us ... just ask him if he wants to hang out ? nothing wrong with that . i fall into the liberal protestant category of things . - the idea of energy ( tao ) , auras i do somewhat believe that there is a natural flow to the universe , such that things tend to work ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_B2CJ-srvo i don't know about calling myself a loser , but it was ash wednesday not that long ago and one of the student leaders at my church told us that the reason people have the ash crosses painted on their ... i don't care . if they don't bother me , whatevs . one moment of happiness i recall , i actually wrote down an account of it after experiencing it because i didn't want to forget . it was in my first or second year of college . i went out with friends ... most of my homework this year have been readings and problem sets , thankfully not a lot of papers . i hate papers . soul-sucking darkness of my life . but it depends on the task . for timed essays , i ... i took it as a compliment . i used to think the harry potter universe was real , and i definitely did not want to be a muggle . and witches / wizards are weird . then i moved on but was still had an ... i found one of the secrets to social success is being relatable . so yes , in social situations i try not to overdo the whole being me thing , because other people aren't me . hm ... maybe i'm not understanding correctly but could it be an anxiety issue ? sometimes i'll get tripped up on the details of an assignment that my classmates mostly won't think about , but i think it ... http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-mSSxb4Nb8EU/Ttnldm24xoI/AAAzo/E7e4MEJxDEc/s1600/012-regressionandmodelfitting-02.png so i imagine theories on mating strategies to be like trying to fit a ... ironically , by going ni ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oas2l8MnyC0 i daydream a lot in class and end up missing stuff , but luckily the normal thing here is for teachers / professors to write up the guidelines and post them on the course website . if i have questions i ... what year was this from ? i'd be very hesitant to take the interpretation out of historical context . i mean , assuming this is during or after wwi , this is a period famous for disillusionment and loss ... i know what you mean , and i think that depends on the intp ( or human , really ) . when i run into formula-speak in real life or online it's usually not so much that the speaker is intp but that he ... hi nephilibata probably not the answer you're looking for but i think the real issue is that the theory is weak . maybe all the binaries ( e . g . , introvert vs . extrovert , feeler vs . thinker , fe vs ... i'm not sure i've ever been the object of such affections . :/ well , there's actually this guy who i think has a crush on me , but being that he's among the sweetest , gentlest souls on god's green ... i imagine i'd be very upset . “ meaningless ! meaningless ! ” says the teacher . “ utterly meaningless ! everything is meaningless . ” 3 what do people gain from all their labors at which they toil under the sun ? 4 ... yes , i do . and when i get excited i break into a run . '