' seriously , there is no excuse for cheating . ever . break up with the person if you feel desires that strongly for other people . be honest . if you need to be in an open relationship , then be in ... growing up i wanted a couple of children . i went through a phase as a teenager where i was convinced i didn't want any and never would . eventually i decided i wanted to have children someday , but ... just finished child of light , adorable ! arrogance and indifference in the face of absolute sentient cruelty is unforgivable . i can't release a grudge until the guilty have expressed deep and genuine regret , and when found incapable of ... mine is 7 , has been since i was very young . i don't think i do this , mainly because i recognize that no two relationships are the same . anxiety , agoraphobia , ptsd , depression . i say upbringing / environment / perhaps medical history and inherited illness , etc . would be the thing that would determine whether or not an infj is pushed to ... - introverted - loner - too passionate , everyone finds it overwhelming or intimidating - temper , which comes out for reasonable reasons , but people who don't believe in anger at all are constantly ... 214962 so , instead of getting sucked into anothers agenda , you forcefully suck them into yours ... which is hidden ? that's strait up manipulation and has nothing to do with being diplomatic . - excellent listeners > : kitteh : - patient > : confused : i try to be - supportive with a strong desire to x91do the right thingx 92 > : kitteh : - gentle being aware of things others are unaware of ... makes one aware of conspiracies aka hidden truths . i'd find any infj without conspiracy theories ... confusing . just because others can't see it , ... haha ! love the way you put this . that is exactly how i work vs the intj i know and with a better comprehension of te vs ti , i definitely get it . i am infj after all ! thank you for helping clarify ! i'd definitely say i use ti and the person i was speaking of who is intj uses te , so that definitely clarifies ! thank you so much ! here it is : when i first started taking the tests i would get infj 90 % of the time and every once in a blue moon , infp . these were consistent results for years . i very solidly related to infj ... when i first started taking the tests i would get infj 90 % of the time and every once in a blue moon , infp . these were consistent results for years . i very solidly related to infj and never doubted ... i can relate to that . perhaps feelers are more susceptible to a quicker developing drop in immunity and to a physical reaction to stress than others . i find i almost always feel physically ill ... personally , my parents indifference to my struggles and suffering and their selfishness and my mother's lack of motherly love , or any real love at all . in the bigger picture , the state of the ... i have experienced exactly what you mentioned here . i can't count the number of times i felt intensely about something that someone else did not and was told i am crazy . yes , stress weakens the immune system . prolonged stress can cause all kinds of medical issues . same here . i adore horror movies , but as you said , semi-realistic horror really runs a heavy toll . this is a really good point . it's also the only downside i can imagine . both ... but more often than not , i'm craving sweet . i suspect that has something to do with the addictive qualities of sweet foods . i've certainly known people who weren't keen on sweets ( mostly ... primary color : bluesecondary color : violet i would want to be immortal , so long as i could still kill myself . like in vampire stories , they can still die via decapitation and wood stakes , blown to a billion pieces , burned , etc . i wouldn't ... my mum liked alternative music , but i remember hearing a lot of tori amos , tracy chapman and kate bush . my father had some random records i would listen to like the beach boys and the rankin ... the only cartoon i like these days is adventure time . the rest seem hollow and lacking a certain appeal they used to have . nope . i only make my bed properly after i wash my sheets and blankets . which is about once a week , anyways . you get a better lather if you put the soap onto a dry hand and then wet , than you would putting the soap on a wet hand ( where some will slip away with the water ) giving you less soap to wash with in ... infj + infj =) best friends for 15 years . i spent over a decade rolling my eyes at what i'm about to suggest ... but having finally given in and tried it after 15 years of failed therapy , hospitalizations and medications ... i can say this ... uuugggh . so close , but so far ... is the most accurate statement i can come up with . intellectually everything was quite good ! emotionally , absolute disaster ! i tried to make a relationship work ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxdBmH-SyPM this is an unproductive and rude response . you'd have been better off not saying anything at all . truth . telling someone in a hospital they are fucked without them asking if they are , would be purposefully cruel ... and if they ask , they deserve honesty . i would want honesty , i hate fake and i hate ... people are terrified of reality and what they don't see . when you point things out to them that make them doubt themselves , or feel even remotely negative , you are automatically labelled a bad ... why does anyone need to be anything other than honest ? why should anyone have to pretend and put on a fake face , to please someone else ? substance in general , unique ideas , character development , non-cgi special effects , intelligent and creative writers , proper casting that is not based on looks and / or popularity rather than talent ... finding someone i really connect with is the hardest part . finding someone who is compassionate about my extreme anxiety and agoraphobia and who understands loner , introvert behavior is the next ... - sunlight / light orbs - brilliant displays of colour - scents and sights of autumn - fitting perfectly against another's body - being comfortable enough with someone to hold eye contact in ... i like to colour with gel pens or do a really thorough cleaning / re-organization of my place when i'm really anxious . yard work can also be useful , if i'm not too nervous to go outside . i know ... do you think being an infj was connected to your anxiety ? it's good to hear you've since improved , i've actually gotten worse over the last 10 years . i'm always happy to hear someone has come out ... i'm trying to find out if there are a larger number of infj's , opposed to other groups , that suffer from anxiety . i'm not sure if being an infj contributes to my crippling anxiety and agoraphobia , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ru2GAwIqOAM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L4LwjD5L-k http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5ufgkJ-uVE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WINDtlPXmmE extroversion 30 % orderliness | 62 % siren calls by white prism on white prism ep - free music streaming , online music , videos - grooveshark white prism personally , i can not take juvenile behavior in adults if it gets to a point where i feel they are irresponsible or ignorant towards the well being of others , emotionally or physically . beyond that , ... i believe it should be legal . i've also smoked weekly and / or daily for a decade now , i believe absolutely that it saved my life . i don't think i could have bared this planet without it . i've gone ... i went outside today and one of my trees had bloomed with pretty little flowers that filled the yard with a lovely floral scent and that made me happy :) '