' don't be . we can have a sense of humor too ! : happy : nerd ? ? ? find a better choice of words :) factually curious perhaps ? as if inj's arent nerds . haha you're not crazy ! neither am i . approximately 15 years ago . i was searching for answers and came ... earth's circumference at the equator : 24,901 . 55 miles ( 40,075 . 16 km ) earth's circumference between the north and south poles : 24,859 . 82 miles ( 40,008 km ) sorry i just had to live up to my ... it sounds like a bunch of you are into special casual sex . shut up ! you guys are loved but just don't know it . : happy : tongue : i also have no plans today . my extended family always gets together on christmas eve which allows everyone to spend time with their own family or go visit their other extended families . yesterday ... you've left out so much information . i do not even know where to begin . unless you are independently wealthy of course a career is important . you did not mention what went badly at work . is it something that was temporary , fixable , or a realization it is time to move ... i was specifically addressing the trait of hoping for the best in someone yet getting all broken hearted when someone or something does not occur the way you hoped . i've witnessed it too many times . ... despite claiming to know the ways of the world , you still have a strong , highly emotional and shocked response when things do not happen the way you expected . that ends up being percieved as niave , ... it's not that you're immune to becomming jaded . it takes infp's longer to realize the manner in which people typically behave or things typically happen . some people call it naivety . im on the other side of the deal . i feel an immense emotional connection with nf's . i think with the exception of one sj , my girlfriends have been exclusively nf's . what the op is describing has been ... when i read posts on the forum . i see a lot of wise people responding . most of the time their style indicates t , f , s , n , j , p preferences . i love reading the responses from all the types but my favorites ... i have an infp friend who is basically a walking dead person because of a life time of real ( not those they fabricate in their heads ) traumatic events . these events has created a person who's life ... i can't remember but i am sure it was the truth . hey health freak . what if she converted the fat into muscle and then still weighed 130 ? then what ? what if she lost weight in an unhealthy manner just to appease him . honey i took adderol ( legal ... a dick by any other name is still a dick ! i was wondering what are the personality types of the two girls who took charge on the bus . one was blunt with the bus driver , the second tried some charm and wittiness . i have my idea on the two ... why not encourage people on either side of the issue to mutually respect one another ? i just typed a long detail reply but it disappeared . so i will simplify this time . the infj friend i have lives close to me , can text or email any time . i respect her , i admire her , i adore her ... opposed to the us and our higher crime rates despite high incarceration rates . our criminals education consists of learning how to become better criminals . word dispenser if that's considered paradise to you . i feel sorry for you . i've seen plenty comments stating fuck the police . i'd like to add fuck the people who agree with police abusing authority ! i clicked because i thought they were buldging eyeballs . oh well , nice tits ! op , i'll trade you some of my i for some of your e . i met a girl last year who claimed she was half russian , half german , and half italian .. can any sociologist tell me which culture she inherited her math skills from ? all the beautiful attributes you infp's listed is why i love you all so much ! i noticed plenty of you are as clueless as i am . i never know until iam being attacked affectionately by the other person . is it a defense mechanism or fear of rejection to only think other ... i agree the truth usually comes out when one is drunk but not always . i've complimented women i wouldnt ordinarily if i were sober . cerebro you're right i didnt mean to imply they're less intelligent . i was joking and portraying the frustration i have with certain sensors prove it with just about everything way of thinking . it's always funny hearing an sj say think outside the box in the work place . mother effer , i've already thought in , out , around above , beneath ( insert your own preposition ) the box , gave you plenty ... 1 . you're charming 2you ' re a player iam neither ! everytime i hear it i'm caught off gaurd . jesus , dejas de robar las tarjetas ! a few months ago i read an article regarding social media companies attempting to position themselves as identity providers . a reporter questioned a google executive chief of something about the ... according to many ( not all ) nt posts . love is an acronym . like obscured via endorphins this thread gave great examples of the meaning of respect . when i read the title my first thought related respecting an authority figure automatically because of their title , position , or credential ... i'm a hypocritical , imperfect christian seeking fellowship on this site due to the insights on personality types . in church i struggle with many of the same issues we see posted on other threads ... to be honest , if you lined up twenty people . i could not tell . a biker , or thug looking type might be saved and a kind clean cut person next door type might not . stereotyping alone wouldn't tell me ... getting riled ? you asked for a christian perspective and you immediately get belittled for it . i think they came enraged . lol #djarendee why do you continue entertaining their troll postings ? wow you ask a question to a specific type of person and it generates hatred . there are a lot of verses from instructions from god to the jews not to commingle with pagans so they would cease idolatry to an unequally yoked marriage living your life in a manner to inspire the ... are you kidding me ? after reading some of the posts here even subjects like the gravitational effects of the moon on werewolves hemriods or quantum orgasms would be accepted . are you in the pacific northwest ? we received about eight inches so far . i love saying i told you but i'm always bewildered at how many times people have to hear it before realizing i'm always right . abraxas . i wanted to hear others perspective and was , sharing something i thought was kind of funny . are you sensitive on this subject ? yesterday i read this article are smart people ugly ? the explainer's 2011 question of the year . and today i found myself attempting to see if there was any truth to the story while drivng around the ... semantics . belief faith whatever you want to call it . we are both critisized by people who think differently than us . initially i thought changing my i to e but realized my i / e are fairly balanced . i need some j in my personality lately . introverted intuitive thinking perceptive sexy . '