' i just cut someone out of my life forever . now i wish she was not in the office with me . i just cut someone out of my life forever . the only thing that is different is that she works in my office . she cross the line too many times with me and then smile in my face and get me to ... i don't had my emotions good , so when i'm ticked off , it shows . i rarely dislike people , but i can't stand my co-worker and i'm not even making an effort right now to hide it . and yes , i'm looking ... i really can't stand this dude next to me . he is such a snake in the grass that it makes my skin crawl and my special friend is due in a couple of days , so i'm pmsing like crazy . his presence is ... still standing . every time i mention that show , i get deer caught in headlights looks . i love that show . right now , i have the biggest crush on christian bale's bruce wayne / batman ; not to mention , i have a crush on christian bale . watched the dark knight last night reading batman begins and the dark knight novelization what makes me as an infp angry more than anything is when someone crosses the line by attacking my character , my personality , my identity , or and when someone accuses me of something that i didn't do ... hands down , star wars ... i'm a star wars geek and proud 1 ) i put a hole in my throat when i was 4 2 ) i'm a ladette ... literally a girly girl and a tomboy 3 ) im a christian ... accepted jesus into my life 12/16 / 2001 4 ) i still watch cartoons 5 ) i have ... i love your avatar it's almost like we're twins . i cannot keep my room clean to save my life . no matter how many times i clean it . i'm also a christian . :) music , star wars , comedies , ncis , jesus i'm attracted to anything luxurious . it's like eye candy for me to see very expensive luxurious stuff , especially handbags and shoes : gucci , chanel , louis vuitton , balenciaga , jimmy choo , christian ... - i can actually argue my point , when i'm passionate about it . however , i hate any type of conflict , so my blood pressure rises each time i get into a debate . - i'm very sarcastic to the point of ... im actually good at cleaning and organizing but i hate it with a passion because it's time consuming and it's takes a lot out of me , especially organizing . i just cleaned my room the other day and ... - when narcissistic people bug you - darth vader / anakin skywalker ( both in human and cyborg mode ) - star wars - anthony dinozzo - ncis - ares , god of war - xena / hercules - gregory house - house - jason / red ranger - power rangers ... - don't be afraid of your intuition ( it's usually correct ) - don't let know one punk you ever - don't be scared to stand up for yourself - dont be afraid to express yourself - continue to fight ... i have a long list - know it alls - ass kissers - people who are know it alls but are the dumbest people when it comes to simple stuff - people who love to try to control my life or tell me ... - you know you're an infp when * any type of butt kissing , brownnosing , show offs , anyone that over exaggerates just irks the freak heck out of you * and being ignored bugs you * when you actually ... my overall look is boho-glam . i'm not trendy , but i get stuff according to how i feel about it . if it's cute , i don't care if it's trendy . i have a handbag / shoe fetish . i love coach handbags the ... april message too short when you feel like your point is not getting across or you feel misunderstood . when you cry out of sheer frustration and anger when you daydream so often that it becomes apart of your actual ... chandler from friends - exactly to the t ... my mom calls me the female chandler bing rachel from friends - i can be super sensitive but i'm also very much into fashion like she is jade from ... yep , sometimes they want me to just listen and agree but i'm not a sugar coater . but yes , i'm the token therapist / philospher in my group . does talking to and treating stuff animals like your kids count ? : tongue : i can't stand rap and i'm slowly disliking some gospel ( some are not but just label as ) and post 1999 r & b star wars : return of the jedi . it was on spike this weekend and i love star wars romans 12:1- 2 1i beseech you therefore , brethren , by the mercies of god , that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice , holy , acceptable unto god , which is your reasonable service . 2 and be not ... im a 4 but can also be 7 & 9 i would consider myself in this generation . i was out of my own and then moved back in with my mom . then after she seperated from her husband , we ended up moving to another place and just split the ... hello ... nice to meet other infps :) '