that's fair . i think i misinterpreted you originally , but now that makes a lot of sense . thank you for the explanation ! maybe in quality of thought and opinions in some cases , but definitely not when it comes to being an independent adult who functions smoothly and has a stable career and remembers to do things like ... out-patient is where you go to a therapuetic program during the day while still living at home , while in-patient is either a ) mental hospitals or b ) rehab or c ) residential treatment centers , which ... professionally diagnosed with major depressive disorder , generalized anxiety disorder , ptsd and body dysmorphic disorder . i'm a trainwreck , i know . sorry to revive a slightly old post , but typing this series has been nagging the hell out of me . initially i assumed saikawa was an intp and magata an intj , but after completing the series i actually ... i tested as an infj for ... some reason . i actually bounced between nearly every feeler type for years before i studied the functions and realized that me being overemotional doesn't mean i'm a ... i think a lot of people mistype in general , but i do agree that intj does seem like a desirable type for your average socially awkward nerd to want to be . at the same time , however , i feel like ... no , i don't normally get bothered by feelers . but i also seem to be lot more in touch and skillful with my inferior fe than most ixtps ( just going by the internet because i know like , one ixtp in ... gotta learn how to camouflage as a ne dom in social situations . really the only time you can use ti or si socially is one on one with people you are very close with--and as an intp who is honestly ... i'm a respectful artist , apparently . 432898 dat confidence score tho . don't know how accurate this thing is over all . i feel like my trust would be lower and my confidence slightly higher , ... i also would third that amy seems like more of an isfp to me , but it's been a while since i've seen the show so i could be totally wrong ( and i've only seen season 1 and like the first few episodes ... i hate smelling bad . i never go a day without a shower and always carry deodorant and perfume in my purse just in case . you guys are gross . i always thought this stereotype was false but guess not ! don't have too many thoughts other than terrorism is always awful , but isis and other islam practicing terrorist groups actually represent a tiny percent of muslims as a whole ( as islam is honestly a ... intp female . 54.167 out of 100 masculine points , 55.833 out of 100 feminine points , and 67.5 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . the thing about astrology most people don't realize is that it's actually incredibly complicated and unique to every person . you aren't just a capricorn ; that's just your sun sign . for everyone's ... infp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI6vUbKJ24g it's not impossible at all ! in fact , it's completely logical when you compare auxiliary ti to a 5 ' s fixation on gathering and developing knowledge . they're quite similar concepts . also , imho , ... what do you guys think about minnesota ? i grew up there and i know that at least from my impression , canada and minnesota always seemed strikingly similar in terms of stereotypes and culture . however ... ne one like this ? don't know why i added the underscore , seems a little silly in hindsight . thank you for your help ! i do as well ! but if i'm only relying on my ( not too great ) fe for too long i can eventually come off really uncomfortable and stilted and kind of like a pushover . once i can get comfortable enough ... but see , this is actually a huge flaw in our education system and in our socially enforced measurement of intelligence , because intelligence is inherently unmeasurable and impossible to score or ... i agree with you , i think ' feel ' isn't uncommonly used not in the literal sense , but as you mentioned , as a synonym for describing the experience of something or the sensation of something . i ... infj . vampires feel so ni to me . from your description i'd definitely say you seem to use fi over fe . you mentioned that your external behavior seems more fe but i really wouldn't stress on that too much . fi is all about personal ... i'm not sure how you could come to that conclusion if you were doing cognitive function studies as intps and intjs have very different function stacks ? you're looking at ni-te vs . ti-ne , which are ... alright ! literally just joined this forum butx 85 why not , right ? having ti isnx 92t really a feeling , ix92d say . i thought it was a very very normal way of experiencing things until i eventually came to ...