' all this time by sting is a favorite is mine . it reminds me of when my grandfather died . the irony of a happy song about death always gets me too . sure , but your language change in no way makes that clearer . it's just as easy to say that the dominance they prefer isn't unbridled , that they still have limits and preferences . it isn't like ... i don't see the value in this . it is implied in our replies that the partner is competent and consensual to begin with . they get to the sexual situation the same way as any other partner but during ... i'm pretty sure that most would say competence is required to truly be dominant . the entjs i've been with truly like being bossed around , for someone to force them out of their heads . they ... having been with a couple entjs--and i'm with one at the moment--i find that they like to be controlled in the bedroom more than anything . they spend so much of their lives in charge--planning , ... probably , but she seemed happy and i didn't want to alienate my only emotional support . i originally pursued her for friendship and value what we have in that regard . funnily enough , after ... i actually forgot that i made this thread . i haven't seen my friend much . we are still very much on friendly terms and communicate every once in a while , but life has been busy for both of us . she is ... this ceased being infp-relevant a while ago , but a couple people seem to like reading the updates every once in a while , so here's one : i think i'm in an exclusive , or at least semi-exclusive , ... i'm not terribly worried about the entj . my longest relationship ( over 6 years ) was with an entj and it worked for us . we both are competent on such completely different levels that things stay ... since you asked ... there are still ups and downs , but the general trend is up . i'm still fighting some personal demons--not directly related to the topic of this thread--but there are some good ... i wish i did . let me know if you figure it out . i usually like hanging out with 1-2 people at a time , but it's hard to build the type of relationships where that's comfortable . friday is my day off and i spend most of it cleaning / doing laundry . i try to make friday date night when i have women in my life , but recently that area has dried up a bit . the last few weeks i've ... coagulation we pick at them , those post-palpable people , reopening wounds that were better left behind the aegis , however feeble , of the fortified heft of steeled blood and mind - - where ... i've considered this too , and i'd love for it to be the case . when you were in this situation , did you pull back on initiating contact / hanging out ? she has a bit , and i don't want to come across as ... i certainly haven't been direct . it's been a tacit agreement so far that this would be discreet because of the friendship i had with her ex up until now . that friendship ended literally days ago--not ... update : while making a post to my blog , i saw an update to hers talking about how excited she is about getting texts from this other guy and some cutesy pics about distance relationships . it seems ... while i concede that the situation is complex , this comment is completely uncalled for . there is nothing insane about this post , and telling me to go elsewhere , especially after i referred to ... i'd like some advice . it's not necessarily mbti related , but i like this community , so i figured i would post my situation here . i'm an infj , as is a friend that i have been having an ongoing ... blackhole consternation , recalling once-bright constellations - - full of people , and of life ; of lovers and their strife ; all spinny and revolvy on axes fraught and wobbly , bounding towards ... thank you very much for this response . before this girl , i was more like how you describe your husband . now , everything seems far more daunting ; it's hard to go back after feeling like someone truly ... some are . one of my best moved out to california on a whim and is doing great out there ( i live on the east coast ) . others live in state but about 2 + hours away and i see them maybe twice a year . one ... friends , casual and close , whom i respect and who respect me . i've never had a lot of friends , but i've had a few close ones that i miss dearly . the few people i have in my life right now don't meet ... mostly a stagnating social life . the last 4-5 girls i have been involved with over the last couple months have been insecure girls that initially approached me , put me on a pedestal , and watched me ... i was when my school did plays . part of the way through my four years , they switched to only doing musicals , and while i can play and sing , i can't really dance , so i became less involved . as a ... obligatory two month update : things are a little better . i have a new full-time job for one . an opening at my part-time job led to me becoming director of the center , and while it's a bit of a pay ... i'm not doing so well . i still haven't found a new full time position , and fear it will be extremely difficult to with a ( forced ) resignation on my record . as a result , i need to immediately move out ... it's funny you mention isfjs . both my mom and little sister are that type . the relationships work , though there is a pretty fundamental communication barrier . i speak almost completely in metaphor , ... thanks for the input . i agree to a certain extent , but i know she is in a pretty happy , committed relationship right now and is able to give healthy love to someone , just not me . at this point , i ... my longest relationship was with an entj and it was pretty solid all around . we complimented each other very well overall . my perfectionist tendencies and contentedness with not being very social got ... about two weeks ago i received a pm asking for an update on my situation . it's gotten pretty interesting . in april , i was informed that the school heard about our relationship from a reliable ... i thought i should give you guys an update ( more like i feel the need to write some of this out ) . it's been a little over a month since we last spoke , more than three since we've seen each other . i'm ... it's been one week since we talked on the phone . it's gotten easier to bear , but not an hour goes by that i don't think about her in some way . i understand that most of this isn't my fault , but i ... the selfishness definitely stood out to me on the phone . i honestly think the situation was becoming too difficult and she went out of her way to look for reasons to make it not work ( beyond the ... mini update : still a bit too broken up to accomplish much : i can't get any work done and i can't get myself out of the house . i was supposed to go to a bar with a friend and ended up falling asleep ... your advice was very much solicited and is appreciated , and after this experience , i have to agree with it . talking to her in some ways just frustrated me more , and while it may have relieved her of ... thank you . i'll get there eventually . i'm sure it's a whole bunch of little things like little arguments over favorite poets , as well as the huge things , like just how much of herself she had given ... watching the movie again now that i said that . her character isn't just like the girl in question , but i definitely connect to j . gordon levitt here . yeah i fluctuate with that . when i remember those great moments it's hard not to , but i do realize she has many faults , not the least of which is not knowing what she does . and while i found her ... earlier in the thread i posted on the phone conversation we had with each other . i got about as definitive closure as anyone can reasonably expect . she explained how she felt as best she could and ... absolutely on the first bit , but i take absolutely no solace in her or you getting just rewards . i'd rather she be happy without me than miserable any other way . she hasn't had much in the way of ... thanks , but your kind are downright cruel ! if it just stayed a silly little affair , i wouldn't have been hurt so badly , but she escalated it so quickly and with such ardor ... and i followed . i know ... you're right . thank you . this is some of my infj obsession coming out . i often feel so misunderstood and it felt damn great to feel like we understood each other , and at least on an empathic , ... thanks for the feedback . it all sounds right on point , and demonstrates that maybe i've been approaching all of this too selfishly . maybe the majority of it really was on her end and nothing i could ... hi everyone . this is the email she sent in response to mine before we talked on the phone : to me , i was uproariously drunk on the floor of my jersey bedroom and checking my email for a ... thanks . though i understand that it needed to end , i really hate not knowing what she truly thinks of me and that something i said led up to this . she even admitted it was an inconsequential thing ... so i talked to her for about an hour and a half tonight , on the phone this time . we were about as conclusive as anyone can expect to be . she said things went sour for her when i violated some aspect ... that's a pretty big one for me . i took serious pain killers for the first time this weekend ( had my wisdom teeth removed ) and it seriously mellowed me out . i always thought it was bizarre that people ... i honestly have no idea . i just needed to say it . it was pretty selfish , honestly , but after the connection and intimacy we shared i refuse to let this end pathetically . even if she doesn't respond , ... because i'm a masochist , i wrote an email to her providing closure for myself . i felt our last conversation inadequate . if you have the time and patience , i'd like to know if i was foolish for doing ... well , yes and no . i think the circumstances are a lot more to blame here than either of our personalities--though her age and inexperience factor in quite a bit--as i was able to draw her out quite a ... '