' hello enfjs , could you help me understand how enfjs experience introverted intuiting ( ni ) ? i met an enfj and it seems her experience with ni is nothing like my experience with ni . i'm intj . here are a few pieces to the puzzle ... i think intjs , whether male or female , tend to be more relationship challenged than most other types . first , as introverts we spend most of our time ... in larger companies it's a little easier to work around people's weaknesses , which i did when this fellow worked for me in a 4000 + person company . even then other execs always ... when you come close to firing your very creative entp marketing director because he once again drops off his monthly sales forecast at the last minute , as he rushes out the door to catch a plane , ... hi ink , i work closely with two people with entp preferences . the one thing that always impresses me about them is their ability to ad lib . they can get up and give a talk without any ... i don't see barack as intuitive . i don't see any new ideas for the future from him . he does not seem to be visionary , nor have a lot of intuitive hunches . i don't think he anticipates the ... i'm wondering if obama does not have some fe in him . just look at his decisions . they are based more on global values than on cold logic . when he bailed out the auto industry , the logical ... i'm sure obama could tell his staff to leave him alone , but have you ever traveled with the same group of people for 4-5 days straight . even if you you get some private time in your room at night , ... reading the telepromter is one thing . getting those words and thoughts to flow in a smooth , persuasive way is something else entirely . hi bronerd , i understand what you say about certain introverts being articulate . a good education and the right work experience can do that . so i'll drop the articulate idea for now . but ... i was at a talk given by john beebe at baapt yesterday where he reviewed the debates and the election from a cognitive functions perspective . it was very entertaining , but i was surprised to hear him ... i've been thinking esfp or estp i considered entp but , charles always seemed more focused in the present . he did better when given tasks where he could optimize the situation , work with what he ... hi type aficionados , i could use some help to identify the types of some people i have known . i'll provide a short list of observable characteristics and then maybe you type experts could take ... thx enormous hatred that was an answer i did not expect . in fact , i can see how the math and planning and strategy would be intriguing . there was a baseball movie out this summer where some ... so nope and no means you've eaten too much turkey during the holidays and you are still sleepy from it . or you have no thoughts on the subject ? or , it's not a subject that interests you , ... this being the season where people camp out in front of the wide screen tv to watch football , i'm wondering if there is any relationship between type and the love of watching team sports ? do you ... very cool , i've admired how powerful this implementation of vbulletin is . in fact it's almost convinced me to learn php . i work in coldfusion , which is a great tool , but there are so few ... very cool , do u guys have a big development team ? or do this in your spare time ? a proven way to reduce the swelling and inflammation in sinus passages is with a prescription nasal spray called fluticasone propionate . it will start to reduce swelling right away . i would only ... scruffy , i found the top link u pointed me too . thanks . i usually don't scoll all the way to the bottom of a page where i might have seen that . is there any way to jump back to the top ... did i mention i'm on an ipad ? no homey button . no zoom way out button . ha ha i need to click on something on the web page itself . ok , i feel real stupid asking this because i know the answer must be so obvious and intuitive , but i just can't see it . let's say i read 4 pages into a 20 page topic . then when i come back a week ... i'm using an ipad to read perc . sometimes i find myself at the bottom of a very long thread and i want to get to the top of the page . is there an easy way to make that jump . thx michael car_keys this conflict between what the introvert needs and what the extravert needs happens quite often when the two all of a sudden have to spend a lot more time together . what's happening is ... i'll never get comfortable with most hugs , except for the few people i am very very close to . i just was at a christmas dinner with some friends and their relatives . most of them expect hugs ... as having intj preferences , i see myself using ni and te together when i do problem solving or when i am creating a new product . i basically close my eyes , take some really deep , full , breaths , ... i'm an intj . i'm 100 % certain of that . i'm definitely introverted . i've always been introverted . i can remember back to age 4 or 5 and i was introverted then . i can break out of my ... the best way to finalize your decision regarding your type is to read complete descriptions of the types that you are considering and pick the one that fits the best . u can do this on line or buy ... hemoglobin - congrats on taking a big step to get on with your life . that takes guts . good luck getting through this ... i am surprised so many posts suggest keeping myers-briggs a secret . i would like to see it covered in high school . some would abuse it . most would ignore it . but a few would grasp the potential ... this book has more up to date type tables : link = mbti type tables for occupations but it's $ 100 . ok , time to break out some data . on page 279 of theatlas of type tables published by capt in 1995 ( sorry i don't have more recent data ) they show the type for electrical / electronic engineers . ... hey expat in japan , i can really relate to your situation . i wish someone had told me in high school that i was an intj and that relationships with s types would be near impossible . why it took ... myers-briggs is being taught in many corporations , under the guise of leadership training and team building . it's a huge industry . good business for organizational psychologists . personally , i ... i'm a bsee intj i like to know how things work . i like solving complex problems . electrical engineers are trained to design hardware . i hated most of my ee classes . i was a product ... ah yes , the gym ... gets me out of the house two days a week . same time , same channel . provides amazing structure to one's life . not to mention the benefits of having a body that can keep up with ... great observation . about the quick return home . i like to leave the house , but only for a short break . maybe to get a cup of coffee , hit the bookstore etc . but then i get back home pretty ... that's what i've been seeing , but i don't have any scientific data to support it . i wonder if there is anything in the books on myers briggs ? however , i'm thinking the psychologists would ... that's what i've been seeing , but i don't have any scientific data to support it . i wonder if there is anything in the books on myers briggs ? however , i'm thinking the psychologists would ... that's what i've been seeing , but i don't have any scientific data to support it . i wonder if there is anything in the books on myers briggs ? however , i'm thinking the psychologists would ... i think i have figured out how to manage this being driven intj thing . but it's taken a long time . for what it's worth , here's my story . i have always been driven to achieve and accomplish ... so it sounds as if the inability to accept responsibility for one's own actions is not a type issue but more of a disorder or maturity issue . as i thought more about it , i wondered if it might be ... i'm wondering if there are certain personality types that have a much harder time accepting responsibility for the results of their actions . i have known some people who almost always put blame on ... thanks for the positive feedback antiant , the opposites attract thing may be overpowering for many people . you are fortunate to be aware of it and to guard against it . i wonder if it's ... there are some things to look forward to . although this may be too far in the future for you to care about . according to type development theory , we spend the first 25 years of our lives ... hiring a jungian psychologist for one session might do it . especially if u want to get a reading u can be confident in . good insight into what drives extraverted feeling types as a t i also experience the value judgment of right or wrong at a gut level . this seems to happen first and quite quickly . then the head kicks in and starts to analyze . but i always remember the ... nyx , here is a real life example of t vs f . hope you find it helpful . a person with the thinking preference and a person with the feeling preference were watching the tv news recently . - ... kuzya , good thing you found myers-briggs which should explain most of why you find yourself so different and not fitting in . obviously i can't tell you what it's like to be a young intj ... '