' 52 % here , im not kind of women you shoudl be afraid of , seeing your score . : wink : seriously thought , i think certain kind of questions in test moves upper in score more spontaneous and less ... thc kaos , st girl texting a student is expecting student budgeted friend or boyfriend , unless you lost your previous multi-million fortune . sounds she is somehow interested , i wouldnt be ... i agree with this part of your post : spending time in perc . isnt well paid activity ... and earnings are partly matter of choice , not skills . surprise , here is economist , but i dont share ... hmmm . unsure , if you could destilate some n convo from estp female in condition you put as your main interest : sex . in fact , i do have many conversations , which wouldnt be expected from ... no , she didnt . she was well trained to hear worse stuff , this was casted like innocent , not worsty of comment . after all , between my fathers iq and eq is looong gap , i never really censor ... me , 8 yaears old : for who are you making bed ? for the burglar ? said to my mother . she was trying to make bed , when we were hurrying to the airport . how fucks with sense of entitlement and grandiosity could better themselves ? they dont need better themselves , they are perfect ... hello , sure we could be friends , if you are invisible and able to pass someone cookie via internet . extroverts tend to like wizzards : wink : . solution ? move to better company , if possible . if not , let them know you dont like way they treat you and stay firmly with your opinion . it does help with ppl , who lack social inteligence and arent ... why self-fulfilling ? content of dreams wasnt specified at all ... it could be as well issues , which isnt possible to influence the way you are suggesting . just coincidence . or instinct . i dont ... i was once teenage sp , but i have to disapoint . i wasnt religious as kid , teenage and also not as an adult ( agnostic , actually ) . in place where i comed from ( apart of atheists and agnostics ) most ... this 2 questions really dont place you high in social idiocy score . i dont sell drugs . said skinny 7w8 : wink : . is after vendetta someone left alive to accept apology ? :P oh , i could explain , why troll spam sub-forum isnt that great . i met here good amount of fairly reasonable people venting . its not such fun to troll ones reasonable enough to go to venting forum ... lolz . i nearly died from laughter , imagining w . churchills reaction to your post . he was super blunt . i laughed my ass of reading this cute piece . and not just because number of extroverts is given cca 72 % for czech rep . , eg . g . introverted author of article wasnt going to much better place in ... no . i am from central europe ( czech citizen , nationality : street mix ) . im not sure about all german / austrian places , but ruling out that , clear cultural prefence in central europe is moderate ... well , if you are really sure this is what would make him happy ... i rather would ask him more directly before changing lifestyle . we are quite likely to have different cultural backround . in our ... eos_machai , i see your point , put i agree just partly . humans are sociable and needs to be needed , wanted , loved etc . etc . just not same way . as from my part , i need to be wanted just from part ... empireconquered , how does spiritual enlightenment look for you ? first what comes in my mind reading this is some spiritual enlightment in budhist style and / or transcendence , but you probably mean ... neutral good in this test . good & evil : good - - - xxx ( 19 ) neutral - xxx ( 10 ) evil - - - ( 0 ) i was already thinking to leave entp board for my own safety , ... virgin galaxy and outer space ? here is coming your future company in crime to sign for expedition :P http://personalitycafe.com/estp-forum-doers/52611-estp-porn-3.html vexed , more less . openess relates to curious / inquisitive , n ( non-inquisitive , non-intelectually open and small minded is oposite . openess is openess to intelect , adventure , curiosity etc . ) the ... sameer , did you try to post animal lover thread in ennea 7 type forum ? around goes rumour , that 7s are able to develop deep relation with dumb barking animal . i could confirm as 7 . and dogs ... dingo , nothing is perfect in this world : wink : . but seriously now . what i liked in sample posted was , that site is showing detailed sample of what people will get before paying for their own ... missjordan , frankly , my first concern will be towards validity of personality tests in predicting job success in general , not just mbtis or reliability of some site . this with merlin the ... i found detailed sample of career planning for some intj at carrerplanner com . http://www.careerplanner.com/Samples/ROBINSON-MICHAEL-14625-INTJ.pdf it is 39 page report with detailed assesment of ... fourtines , as for description of difference between normal xstj and xstj with borderline ( or worse ) , i second this . one more thing to add : in case of bpd could be also seen high level of ... risen from ashes , dont worry . i wouldnt be comforting at all . the dental story you described is terrible and utterly ilustrative . as well as is illustrative your mums behaviour in style when i ... penguin , your first sentence sums up why feminism is needed imo ... everyone gets mad when other person hits them . im used to return it , if someone dare , but strongly prefer company where i dont get ... have by my side second me will be like to have a twin sister . i think ill be able to get allong with her , but she wouldnt be my best friend . twins are having often friends outside their twin-pair ... obsidian , i agree here . in my experience extraverts are just less prone to social anxiety , but i know few who have it . it usually comed from staying too long time in environment , where they cant ... nchsh , do you continue this kind of experimenting or this kitchen destroyal made you more cautious ( now just in lab . , if so ) ? , i dont truly care if this fascination is normal or not . but practically speaking : taking in account being present to explosion accidentaly ( i didnt ask for , not working in pyrotecnics ... witlash , this sounds familiar xd . im not big on procrastination in general terms , but must-dos from someone elses lists / timelines have mysterious tendency end up in the bottom line of mine ... blueice 6102 , do you mean you like 1 ) you like girl you are already dating iniciates sex or 2 ) girl you dont know is trying to contact you / chat you up with the potential end to have sex with ... snowfairy , despite i dont agree with this part : i also think that if you know too much about the other person before getting to know them , it makes the progression of the friendship boring ... diamonddays , with this you meant this chemicall structure : 1/4 dextroamphetamine saccharate 1/4 dextroamphetamine sulfate 1/4 ( racemic ) amphetamine aspartate monohydrate 1/4 ( racemic ) amphetamine ... comparing this 2 posts , the aderall sounds like better option :P but im unsure how would aderall work with no-adder , who will use it for example before exam . with stimulating stuff efect tend to be ... touk , ill be curious what she is going to do if youll take joking like that ( bolded part ) seriously : wink : touk , you call this cute . it worked then ... ? ? anon , this is funny for real . despite xstjs are in my experience frequent type , i dont really register small estjs stalking army xd but this about estjs liking collecting information about ... the 3rdpower , you could amplify your stalker list if you keep making threads like this one . i stalked you all 12 pages now :D yes . i use hands quite a lot . its going stronger when im speaking some foreign laguage , which i dont know that well . in this case i tend to replace with gesticulation words and expressions i dont ... my favorite teacher is one i had in first class in basic school . no idea what type she was , but she had great quality not all teachers share : she just plain liked kids and it was visible from first ... unless your name is napoleon : in this case people could have different point of view ... speaking mbti prejudices , i especially liked mental health specialist ( psychiatrist ) , who comed to estp ... tea path , t-cells must be in their best form to kill most enemy ( e . g . mutated , invader ) cells in body . if you are interested about t-cells / cancers , you could also try genetics home refference ... i tested estp-prevalent type every time when i was tested . but i have got cognitive function order se-ti-te instead of se-ti-fe , which estps are expected to have . so in case of dreaded prim . - tert ... ill be curious about the content of you cant say that ! blahblah ... what was reasoning for not saying opinion ? '