' ... when everyone misinterprets your fidgeting behavior for panic and anxiety , when you just have loads of energy and excitement . i like a lot of random songs i find in anime , but there are some bands , artists i like regardless , like kalafina , uverworld , rookiez is punk'd , the gazette , sid ... utada hikaru , gackt , kokia and then ... kramer vs kramer on tv . one of my best friends is an entj . he appears to be laid back and cool , but if you get to know him better , you'll see how he strives to be perfect in everything he does , not in an abstract ... what i usually do is that when i'm thinking of something intensely it eventually passes into my subconscious part too . if i'm really serious about it and i am sure why and how much i want it then it ... i would say intp . first because i couldn't fully relate with what you wrote there and then because from your description the guy comes out more like an introvert . you said that he needs to fully ... i play the synth since i was 5 .. took lessons for it too till i was 16 . i have done all music lessons , theory of music , history of music , etc etc that were obligatory in my municipal conservatory ... so .. we managed to turn a what you hate about ... thread into a self adoration one . so entpish ! : tongue : shit , that got me even three days after . :P at least i'm glad it's just a joke . you got me worrying there for a sec . haha an april fool's joke i made on an anime site really backfired and now i'm ... i am very meticulous too , but mostly when it comes to some serious writing , like writing a review about something , or sending a serious letter somewhere etc . when chatting i don't pay that much ... lol ok , thanks , but i know how ' just ' is used in that case ! i've used it in that sort of way lots of times . :P i can see your sentences are more .. um legit , if that's the correct word , but i still ... thanks for answering this fast . to be honest , i can't see how the first phrase is wrong .. maybe it's not so nicely phrased , but otherwise isn't it ok ? i know about the third one .. as you said this ... roughly checking now i noticed one , but yes you're true about me typing fast ! since i take pride in my pretty good english knowledge and use of it , can you please tell me about those mistakes ? i'm ... i really am clumsy when it comes to getting more personal , that's why i mentioned the ' uncomfortable ' thing . i get irritated by that too , we get it a lot as well from other people . but as i said , i'm ... thank you so much for answering and i'm happy to hear how you view my fellow entps . truth is although you are a mystery as i wrote before , i can feel that i , and entps in general i guess , can decode ... surely an xxfx type ! i do get a lot of complains from f types that i hurt their feelings ... it isn't intentional for me either , i so hear you right now . to me you are shrouded in mystery . you are one of the most interesting types to be around , but you seem to keep a lot to yourselves . how can someone know or at least suspect what you think about ... this is so true ! ! we usually learn the hard way , and that can hurt a lot ! t . t i've felt bad or embarrassed so many times , although i knew that what i was doing wasn't exactly right . yet we always ... i like doing all sort of new things .. so it always depends on what i'm interested at that moment . at this period of my life i especially like going to the mall with friends to check out all the techy ... lol ok i'm sorry .. :P i guess that it's normal for each type to take pride in who they are . in all honesty , i do like my type , but then again we all have flaws . i do admire most of you xxtjs because ... i know what i do to my mom all the time that is an enfj .. and i think it might work with other enfjs too . i try to appeal to her j side first by saying how important it is for something to be done ... taking a break from procrastinating .. :P nah actually today i did some more work for my uni project , i'm proud of myself ! ^ . ^ being an entp i would say that the way we perceive friendship is maybe different than the other types , especially those that have feelings as a first or second trait . i like being with my friends but ... i wanted to have a tattoo , i think i would get one with a kanji or sth . but then again i'm thinking that this is gonna be something permanent , and i don't like the sound of that word .. t . t off topic , but love your avatar ! ! ! i'm a sebastian fan ! ! ! and i couldn't help but notice l_lawliet thanking your post and me automatically thinking of some seby + l bl .. that was epic ! oh my pervy ... i'm choosing none of the above and i will explain why briefly . my personal ethic tells me that rules are rules and should be followed , so normally i would have to answer that corruption should be ... me googling : entp is the best personality type and do you like entps which resulted in finding your thread .. now guess if i like my type or not ! : tongue : yes , i do catch your meaning ! ! :P nice example btw ! lol i do agree with you , but sometimes if the other person has been really really nasty towards me i prefer just erasing them from my life and not ... the good thing about both entps and enfps i think is that they can do that , they can stay friends , because we both don't know how to hold a grudge against someone . plus they are both more laid back ... they were kind of overprotective but at the same time very lenient and understanding . i did feel pressured sometimes , but i think that it didn't affect me that much mostly because of the way i am ... sometimes i just get carried away and talk and talk and then often i say stuff that come into my head without thinking . i don't like to lie , those stuff are true , but i might sound blunt sometimes ... my personal ethic is very important to me and i admit that how you describe your entp friend is the way i am . i've spent some more time searching about fe , fi , etc , and i'm sure that i'm an entp now ... mm , i will read this thread later and reply with something , but for now i'm running late for my lesson .. again . where you saying something about time ? ... : angry : ! @ $ # @r % @ where's the byzantine or greek one ? ? grr i'm not pleased ! ! ^ . ^ i'm so utterly confused at the moment ... t . t i know my f and t sometimes are close in tests , and now reading this thread i find so many things that i can relate to . but then again , i can relate with ... your type is istj introvertedsensingthinkingjudging strength of the preferences % 2262122 2 mm i'm an entp but my t and f are always so close in tests , although my t has always been ... i'm so glad i could help you ! ! i'm trying to be honest when speaking up my mind , because i know i want that from other people too . i'm sick and tired of those people in my life that when you ask ... i didn't see if another entp had already answered , but as a fellow entp i decided to put my two cents . i said ' fellow entp ' because although i'm not an expert of mbti i believe you're just a ... i love kids , seeing them saying or doing stuff their own way puts a smile on my face . babies are also very cute and adorable . my older cousin's wife gave birth last year and also one of my good ... you know you're an entp when you've fallen behind in your class because of wrong time management and procrastination ( again ! ) , and you feel so bad about it , cause you let down your teacher , and know ... i don't have a ' best ' friend . i did in high school , but now i enjoy being with different friends or group of friends each time , which if you ask me , i see them all equally . maybe i'll see things ... lol typical entp ! : tongue : i hadn't logged in for some months now too , and had forgotten my password , but thankfully it was saved by firefox .. so i found it . anywayz , welcome ! ! ! : kitteh : i love being an entp ! ! ! sometimes , though , it has caused me major problems .. especially with time ! :( i can never be on time somewhere .. lately i'm working so hard on that , mostly cause i don't want ... too much blah blah but i see a lot of people voting in the poll ... irony ? lol the most important ( at least for me ): don't be a f * * * ing leech ! ! ! whether it's my friends , significant other , family or even my pets ! lol ha ! now we come again to my words about abbreviations ! ! you all came attacking me when i first mentioned it , but something tells me i was pretty much right about certain things ! : tongue : ... you know you're an entp when you know you can organise every single thought in your head about any matter , but you can't get to tidy up your desk ! t . t i hate it when they are pseudo culture lovers .. if you know what i mean . and generally i hate whatever fake that tries to pursade it's not ... it's ok . i just don't like one word replies that don't explain anything .. now it's much better ! lol i use abbreviations to save lots of time . i don't like killing the language if you ask me , but ... lol whatever dude , calm down ! who are you , word police ? if something doesn't fit you it's ok , it might fit some entps , cause entps tend to be bored of wasting energy on things they can save time on . ... '