' but for my own part , if a book is well written , i always find it too short - jane austen now that you mention it , 小 ( ちいさい ) also looks like a penguin ; penguins are always small ;) be reasonable ; do it my way ... sometimes when she and mckenzie took their solemn walks together , beatrix saw boys and girls playing in parks . hiding behind trees . running and screaming . skipping ropes on sidewalks . what would ... the world is not beautiful , and that , by itself lends it a sort of beauty : the world is not beautiful , therefore ; it is . kino no tabi you , who are still able to dream , whose movements are quiet , come to narrow tryokhprudny lane , if you love my poetry ... it will soon be a ruined world look at it in secrecy while the ... to mama when you played an old strauss waltz , we , for the first time , heard your quiet , distressed call , since then we have been aliens among living beings and only enjoyed the quick passing of ... i apologize for the double post ... thinking of something else , undiscovered , like a buried treasure , - absentmindedly one by one , poppy by poppy i beheaded my whole garden . so , someday , in the dry summer , on the edge of a field , ... thinking of something else , undiscovered , like a buried treasure , - absentmindedly one by one , poppy by poppy i beheaded my whole garden . so , someday , in the dry summer , on the edge of a field , ... the mario bros proposal rules ! oh and the live lip-dub proposal as well ! ! ! > . < http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIIteVxxU_E tom ska is a genius ! asdfmovie 1 is not as fun as the others . yeap otters always make me laugh :P i meant : but also relate to myself ... ¬ ¬ ok , i'll make an experiment . let's try to learn kanji little by little , probably most of you know these , but i'll work according to my level n . n i suggest that we at first explain some kanji ( maximum ... rikaichan is awesome , i've just downloaded it , thank you very much ! infj : 3 ( weee welcome ! ) * runs around in the body of a 5 year old * what do you mean ? i'm sure i managed to make it as boring as the others ... [ quote = ruth 2ten ; 2714807 ] welcome to perc ! enjoy your time around the forums ! cheers ! awww ! thanks for the kitten ! now i feel safe , and cozy inside : 3 i feel really welcome , i thank you and ... i'm sorry i had to corrupt the links , but i didn't know i had to post 15 notes before i could ad links , i hope it's not taken as a lack of respect of the rules . if it's offensive to someone ( by not ... wow , quite a lot of resources ! i am just beginning to learn japanese . i'm using the minna no nihongo books by the 3a corporation . i also use the rosetta stone , and some online resources as well . my ... サラさん ！ u3000こちらこそu3000よろしく ！ u3000あなたu3000はu3000すごいu3000ですよ ！ ( ^ . ^ ) u3000ぼくu3000はu3000かんじu3000がu3000まだu3000わかりません 。 。 。 これから おせわに なります m ( _ _ ) m . cafebot i knew you couldn't help it , you are a robot after all ... * sighs * well , i too , find introductions awkard , i'm the one who always say : i am ( my first name and last name ) [ silence ] * sits down and continues reading unobnoxiously * so my name in this forum is futatsu ... i think we are definitively not germaphobics , actually i think we are rather negligent . well i used to be afraid to aproach dead animals or copses ( even bones ) because i felt that i was going to ... people often tell me ... man , you're weird ! as they frown at me ... that's a great compliment n . n i also felt flattered when the maid found a dead bird inside de house ( rotting ) ( long story ) and ... '