' this is why i don't come on this site as often anymore ... : sigh : 1.superchick ( if you don't know them , you must see them in concert ; that's some good rock music playin ' right there ) 2.flyleaf 3.fireflight 4.group 1 crew ( they're like black eyed peas , but ten ... mybe 1oved on deviantart internet dating = a complete waste of time . you don't know them and there is not enough connection to understand them despite the emoticon inventions . you know , i hardly ever come on this site like i usually do for personal and spiritual reasons but it's always a pleasure to hear from a fellow christian and a musician about this kind of stuff ; the ... bah ! i gave up on finding a perfect person . if you ever do find the perfect person don't go out with them because s / he just might ruin you or you might just ruin them . : laughing : i . e . nobody ... that is true . as mentioned i was going to do a photography type thing with her at first ; i would be printing out the pictures , which would be fine . my love is doing some artsy thing like that and ... in the end , this sounds like a bit of a summer job . not necessary , but never hurts to have a few extra bucks . the commitment doesn't seem that long either . personally , i wouldn't do it , but i'd ... hi , i'm a little reluctant about being hired for a job offer by a friend of the family . i guess perhaps i need advice / encouragement from you guys out there . what this lady is asking for is i ... i agree with this post . if he don't like you , move on . you can't fix his problem because he needs to go through the valley of the shadow by himself to find himself . i had that happen to me before , ... photography ( right now anything that has something to do with getting the creative juices going is a dream job for me ) i like a lot of the 17th century paintings called romanticism : fredrich , some of delacroix , loutherbourg , constable ; carl spitzweg the poor poet . baroque works are beautiful with the details with ... where has this type of thread been ? ! well , it's here now anyways , i love dreams . my dreams are a little bit vivid . some are really interesting . the most awesome dream i ever had was i was ... i love how vel put an infj into more meaning that's somewhat simple . i have a hard time making friends myself because i want a deep meaningful relationship . i have one friend and i'm assuming she's ... i like soup hounds , particularly terrier mixes . this world is one big journey . this world is full of twists and turns . small mouth but full lips i believe it's not enough to believe in god or just merely something . i believe you must experience god . i think that most t's ( unless they are balanced out a little ) can discard logic for a moment ... thankyou so much for your encouragement and kind words . this has helped me most . as well as ms . christine for the sound advice and ideas on what to do . i deeply appreciate it . i'll post someday ... thankyou alizée for posting this . i was confused as to what i was . first , i said i was a j then i said no i'm a p . then , i got confused and said to heck with it . i like order but i can't ... sometimes when you don't know what or who you are , you just have to laugh at yourself . and thanks ! at home ... i'll put my two cents in about that question since my statement on the bottom is pretty much a bathroom joke to be understandable ... yes ! yes , we do . : nod : :p oints to avatar : 3 ' x4 ' charcoal drawing i did at school . right now i'm working on an art project . i'm working on another for my dad who wanted to fix up a guitar . i'm painting the pick guard . well , the thing about why i feel so emotional about this is because of hype and faith i had about getting a job sunday i was so excited monday i couldn't sleep and then the hype faded and i feel like ... 166 hours of college ... 6 years of enrollment ... and here i am 4 weeks after i graduated with an education , but a lack of experience . i always hated the business world and now i have to learn how all ... oh my god , this is probably the best thread i've seen on pc . this nostalgic longing for a soul mate puts a die hard smile on my face . you'd make an amazing writer , but if you play music i bet you ... i'm an only child and really wanted more friends as a kid . there were hardly any kids to play with on the streets except for some kids down the road which my mother forbid me talking to or playing ... well ... i'm not totally in the band wagon about being attracted to stars and thinking they are hot . however , i find that david henrie is pretty cute , but i think it's because of the character that he ... hm ... i like sweet , sensitive guys so if i had to choose , it would definitely want to be with an infj male . i like a definite j because i would like to have some more organizational skills to ... boys with pocket knives are usually the boys who went through boy scouts or enjoys camping . those are the kids who are emotionally mature enough to handle that kind of stuff because they worked hard ... i'm a libra . my moon sign is virgo but my sun sign is sagittaurius ... that's odd . well , usually warm colors are going to be your lights or bright areas while your cool colors are going to be your dark areas or where a certain area on your painting are shaded . some artists layer a ... if he's emotionally stable , able to speak to me first and be consistent in talking to me , and have some more j in him to learn to pick up after himself , i'll be game for an infp . i gave up caring . i have my family , if he comes then let him come . i'm 24 and i'm pretty content now after being discontent a while back . in the song of solomon it says that love is as strong as death . that's some powerful stuff there , yea . well , do you think it's morally wrong or degrading for you to pose as a nude ? it's your call . if you have convictions or doubts about posing , don't pose . judging by you asking other people about this ... i ended up getting asked out by a 17 year old when i was 19 and in college . he was very intelligent , but unfortunately he thought a little with his pants . i refused and well we broke up 6 weeks ... people are people . i personally like infj males because they are sweet and sensitive though i would not want a total sap , but labeling every type is rather too stereotypical . so not all are exactly ... but the fact y'all are so rare in real life , not on the internet , it's hard to tell . i thought i did meet one but he was already taken or i mistaken him and perhaps he was an s and not an n in real ... infjanimal , yes indeed ; girls are attracted to the sensitive ones . the time i ever , ever finally meet a sweet , sensitive soul of a male called an infj ... : sigh : i gotta catch one darnit ! : crazy : thanks you guys for the sweet comment . i find the j-part of me sneaking up at times when i worry about the future and then i look back at the past where i perceive at not being good enough for ... 0 . o no , just ... not sure what to say . if you individually praise someone in front of her like this , i think a good bit of individual infps would go runnin ' . oh , i wear newsboy hats and those ... um ... thankyou ? ^ ^ ( ) hey guys , there has been something extremely odd here lately for me and i was wondering if i am the only one who has dealt with this same issue . after falling in love and having crushes that ... i'm an infx and i'm a pentecostal . i don't believe i have to beat someone over the head with a bible because that does scare people off ; i believe you have to give people time . when they ask ... i'm funny online and in real life , but my humor has a tendency to be a bit dry . if you are not into media , you wouldn't get pop cultural references . look down , for example : there is such great texture in the facial expressions . have you ever considered looking at the works of lucian freud because your painting style looks kind of like his . also , be careful what you ... bathe all the countries of the world with socialism . probably not mainly because i've heard of people who stand on the street corner with a sign saying they are homeless when the reason they are homeless are usually people who burned their money on ... '