' i just got off the phone with him . we only spoke for about 5 mins but it was good . he wanted to talk to me so that's a positive . thank you for you're input . during our phone convo , he said he wouldn't be contacting me daily as he used to . he told me to only expect to hear from him every 2 or 3 days . as he was pulling away from ... good news . he called today and wants to work on a friendship . i'm relieved and would really like that if it's possible . i'll back off and let him come to me when he's ready so he doesn't feel ... yes , he is considerably younger than i am and letting go is my only option . i have fond memories and he will always be in my heart . it is so hard though . i'm in a lot of pain . i agree that it no longer works for either one of us because of where each of us is in our lives . it was an impossible relationship from the beginning . we both knew we could never be together forever ... sadly , i tend to agree with you . i think it's really over . typo : i accidentally said infj in my post but i meant isfj . wow ! ! ! that was heavy wtf happened ? ? ? i thought isfj's forgave everything . i posted in december ' 14 about my breakup with an infj guy . i'm an infp and had usually dated and only been attracted to intj's . i happened to have the good fortune of meeting an infj and fell deeply ... i posted in december ' 14 about my breakup with an infj guy . i'm an infp and had usually dated and only been attracted to intj's . i happened to have the good fortune of meeting an infj and fell deeply ... hahaha ! you're awesome ! and yes ! if you're ever in seattle , we'll have a drink of something . i really hope you get your families back some day . :-) it is sooo difficult to find a solid , quality person in the world ... let alone someone whom you're attracted to and get along with . i'm elated for anyone who is fortunate enough to meet someone to ... hi , i'm very sorry you are suffering . i went through a break up a little over 3 months ago and i know how badly it hurts . i will just tell you what helped me . i started going to al anon meetings . it ... thank you sweetsunshine 7 ! i read you loud and clear . family is a huge influence in many african cultures . as much as my guy loved me , it wouldn't have worked . it's really hard for me to understand ... i just wanted to give an update on this whole scenario because i've often read posts and wondered what ultimately happened to the person / people involved . i have just hit the 13 weeks point of my ... i agree with your comment about him lacking maturity . that's true . now that i have 5 weeks of distance since our breakup , i've been able to see things more clearly without the severe emotional pain ... this is why i love intj's . you call it like you see it . :-) move on and put yourself back on the market for a great guy to love . they are out there ( great guys ) but you have to be emotionally available and optimistic to find them . :-) thank you for your ... yes . he calls me and texts me everyday . he says he loves me and wants to be friends . we broke up because his family didn't approve of our 12 year age difference , i'm white and not muslim . he's west ... thank you . break ups are difficult ; especially when you're the one who was dumped . i still love him . i can't just shut that off . it's going to take time . i understand what you're saying about what's ... i really appreciate your response but i'm not sure i get what you're saying ... do you mean that he's doing these things to subconsciously / consciously push me away further ? are you trying to tell me ... hahahaha ! time to flush the turd . well put ... and you're correct . i've allowed him to mess with my emotions and i didn't consider his actions to be controlling until just now after reading your ... i wouldn't use the word toxic to describe him . he's actually a very kind , considerate , loving person . he has just confused me with some of his actions after he broke up with me . i don't understand ... thank you for that link but he doesn't share anything on facebook . he hadn't changed his profile pic in about a year . he texted me those pics i was talking about . i don't believe he is ... hi , i'm an infp womand and my ex isfj boyfriend dumped me one month ago . however , he has contacted me either by calling me or texting me every day since he broke up with me . lately , he has ... well put , zen lizard ugh ! ! ! i'm going through a break up right now too . my isfj boyfriend broke up with me 3 weeks ago and it still hurts pretty badly but every day it hurts a little less . i think it's particularly hard ... i just want to thank everyone who responded to my original post . your input was very helpful to me during this painful time . it has been really hard but it's now been three weeks since we broke up ... hi there , i'm an infp woman and have been dating an isfj / isfp man for almost a year . we got along really well and love each other but he is african , muslim and younger than me and i'm a white , non ... hi , i'm an infp woman who was dumped a week ago by my possibly isfp boyfriend of one year . i can't tell if he's isfp or isfj . this has been extremely difficult for me and to help me through this i'm ... thank you so much mjostrong . this was helpful . my ex is a very good guy and i know this has been hard for him too . reading your responses definitely gives me peace of mind . i do believe he ... thank you so much ! this is very helpful to me . i feel much better about things just reading your responses . the hardest thing for me is feeling like i didn't matter and that i was disposable . even ... thank you for your post . things were hopeful yesterday but got worse today . he told me he's going to stop texting me regularly . i'm so scared he's going to just close the door on me for good and i'll ... hi , i'm an infp woman who was dumped a week ago by my isfj boyfriend of one year . this has been extremely difficult for me and to help me through this i'm asking for some isfj input to help decipher ... thank you . i tried to get him to meet me but he isn't ready to face me yet . he told me he feels embarrassed . i want to believe he's just pulling back because he was hurt and needs some time to ... thanks for that . i like direct , concrete communication so this is really hard for me because i'm seeing his actions through my lens . i even asked him if he wanted space and if he would like me to ... zen lizard , i have another question for you . i'm getting mixed messages from him and i was hoping you could help me understand what may be going on with him . he has been texting me good morning ... that describes me exactly ! i usually don't shy away from conflict with people i'm closed to . i dive right in and need to get it out and resolved before i can feel relief . that has been a problem for ... wow ! i love this . i'm going to locate that book . my willingness to engage in conflict usually depends on who i'm going up against . if i feel like i'm dealing with a reasonable person or one of my ... thank you for all of your input . i can feel things starting to warm up with him again . we had a nice text exchange later last night and i think we're on the road to mending things . i don't like to ... thank you ! . that's a really big relief to hear that . the only thing i texted today was , i love you and he responded back with i love you too and i asked him how his day was . he responded to that ... thank you for your input . i'm very worried that he is going to associate me with something horrible that he doesn't want to revisit . the fact that he texted me first thing this morning was ... thank you . i think that's good advice . he texted me this morning with a merry christmas and told me he loves me . i haven't heard anything from him since which is totally not normal . i'm pretty sure ... yes , he said he wants a friendship and says he still loves me . hi there , i'm an infp woman and have been dating an isfj man for almost a year . we got along really well and love each other but he is african , muslim and younger than me and i'm a white , non ... lol ! i'm aware of that formula . ;) yes , things are going exceptionally well ! and yes , the real problem is inability to commit because of the massive age difference . i'm open to meeting someone with many of his qualities closer to ... i'm finally off the crack ! yay for me ! i've been traveling in se asia for the past month and it was the perfect amount of time for detox . i'm truly done with this arrangement and can say with ... i don't get it so i have an update ... my ixtp invited me over today because he really wanted to see me . he didn't say he missed me but i could tell he did by how lit up and chatty he was when he saw me . we haven't ... '