' i started watching gundam seed destiny after finishing dagashi kashi . i've had people tell me i look 30 when i'm actually 23 ; it's probably because of my height ( 6 ' 2 ) . 311 ac / dc billy talent beastie boys incubus linkin park ( i'm partial to their underground tracks ) lit powerman 5000 royal republic thousand foot krutch i just want to have a good time . not a very ' zen ' or meaningful answer , but i'm not into riches , fame , or romance . besides , i'll probably only get one shot at life ; i'd like to make the best of ... i don't read a lot of manga because reading online is a pain and i don't have much space to keep physical volumes , but i do keep a space on my shelf for volumes of trigun maximum . it tells the story ... entp upbeat and easy-going . fried potatoes , the way only my grandma can make'em . charisma the white tiger - he tells me that strength and ferocity don't come from the color of your coat , and that being different comes with it's own kind of strength . 282786 feelin ' kind of grumpy , or rather unsettled . like i've got an empty kind of hunger in my stomach that i just want to satiate . i wonder if this is what women feel like during pregnancy ( minus the ... http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/42820/img_7325-1.jpg like with the raven to the crow or the clouds to the snow though all may follow their own visual quo the differences are more than you ever could know https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYD8INQxX0c 278858 got 3 hours of sleep and i have a bit of a splitting headache , but oddly enough that's just me in my comfort zone . i am going to raid the sh * t out of that cookie drawer right now . fire . speed or power ? ^ entp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xu0FriE4oI i don't even know why i'm sharing this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV8HwhJPAJA passion . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DED812HKWyM for me , it started with captain underpants ( juvenile , yes , but i was 10 years old at the time , so bear with me ) . one of the volumes was an activity book that let you draw your own character into the ... i keep in mind the words a smoky old dragon once shouted at me : what is better - to be born good , or to overcome your evil nature through great effort ? - and i just carry that thought ... guilty gear . just guilty gear . well look at you , you cheeky guy you . when you get mad at your boss for being a buzz-kill after you got your team prepped and motivated for a project . when you spend 3 summers trying to photograph this one bird that keeps popping up near the lake because you've convinced yourself that it might be your spirit animal . dear rock from the park , i remember what i did , and i have regretted it ever since . i know that if some jerk just picked me up and tossed me away from my friends and family that i'd be pretty ... when you spend your whole lunch break wandering the downtown area , trying to decide where would be the most perfect place to eat , then have to botch the whole thing because you gotta get back to work ... when you're on your way home from school and you see your parents ' cars in the driveway and just want to kick the planet out of orbit . exactly like this . like at a family dinner or a party : i pick up on the atmosphere and the people in the room and often my mood syncs with it . but i don't think it means you're simply mimicking ... i can relate to this , since i grew up in a pretty similar setting : as a kid i kept to myself a lot , but my family was full of enthusiastic loud-talkers who liked to debate and engage in general ... i can't decide between the harmonica , slide guitar , or electric guitar . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0JB4wxtSJk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSK0ZVPsqk8 ... a fierce intellect with a passion for wisdom and knowledge , combined with the admirable quality of wanting to understand it to near-spiritual depths . wolve's tooth for a necklace . living life , but living it wisely . i base a lot of my decisions on whether it's what my impulses tell me to do or what my instincts tell me will follow if i actually do it that step out of the boxing ring that is my ... pretty close to esfp , i guess . because that's when my mental filter goes * k'thunk * and everything my brain wants to say pretty much gets said . i have my issues with it . it supports the mindset that being disingenuous and two-faced guarantees a comfortable life . but that's not the part that makes me mad . the bit that gets me is ... maybe entp or istp . it seems to me like those guys are capable of just about anything without giving a damn about what gets in the way . and damn do they make what they do look good ( in the cases i ... 22 year-old infj in the house . as much as i can't stand how pushy and temperamental and abrasive my old man is , i promised myself that i would stick around and help him with his business if that's ... what's your type ? what volume of music do you listen to ? what volume of tv do you listen to ? do incidental noises bother you ? other sound-based comments ? i'm an infj , and incidentally the ... i can pass for late 20s . i'll try touching it up , sure . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i have a lot of contradicting traits - sometimes i can be responsible and dependable , and other times i'm unmotivated and sloppy .  ... 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . i can't post the link because of my post count , ... hi , everybody . i picked up on the mbti scale recently , and it's pretty much all i think about these days . i joined this forum hoping my time here will help me find my own type as well teach me how ... '