' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VK7mi2aod0&list=FLIBVNe12Xj6QsKNCxUH7dIA& index = 11 moved back to my home state , but it doesn't feel like home anymore . time for a fresh start . i don't like texting . or i should say , i don't like texting when it becomes a substitute for more meaningful types of communication ( imo ) like talking on the phone or meeting in person . to me it ... eh , well it depends . i grew up in an environment where my emotions were invalidated ( what are you crying for ? i will give you a real reason to cry . ) so , consequently , i don't cry very often ... i find that i have a very selective memory . i can remember things when i consciously choose to . for example , i can remember incidents or things that my parents said in the past that really hurt me ... after living with a mother and an uncle who are extreme hoarders , i made up my mind to never embrace that kind of lifestyle / mindset . throwing things away is the most freeing thing in the world , as ... creepy : mellow : oh and i smell more trolling . same dude , different name . give it a rest already : rolleyes : thought i was coming home to a family reunion . instead i'm coming home to a funeral . funny how fast life can change . not a member i was close with but still , death is a sobering concept . i feel like i have a 9 somewhere in my enneagram tri type . conflict physically upsets me . i avoid it like the plague and choose to focus on pleasant things for my peace of mind . do i see myself as stupid ? no , not at all . i love putting my mind to something and immersing myself in what i am learning . i did really well in college and i love school . i personally don't think ... i would think that if someone asked me if i was annoyed , something in my tone of voice or facial expression gave it away . therefore , there wouldn't be any real reason to lie about it . i would ... don't troll infjs . you'll fail . every time . i'm not ready for the next chapter of my life but i guess i'm going there anyway . it's funny . i lived in japan for a few years but didn't vote on it . i personally struggled quite a bit there as an infj , surprisingly . anyway i ended up voting for sweden and australia because i ... i think the most significant event in my life so far was living overseas in japan . i saw amazing things and places . i met people i will never forget . experienced one of the largest natural disasters ... i majored in english back in college . here's what i got : you are artistic being on the outside looking in is the worst feeling in the world . everyone should have a place where they are safe and where they belong : unsure : a zoologist . i love quality time with people i care about : blushed : i think my second love language would be words of affirmation . i used to keep old letters emails with conversations that encouraged me and read ... i've had 2 earthquake scares in the past 3 weeks that made me realize that my fear has not left me . both times felt so real i jumped out of my seat . one of the times i bolted for the door . though 2 ... 1 . korea 2 . france 3 . alaska 4 . england 5 . australia 6 . hawaii 7 . germany 8 . india 9 . greece 10 . space my dominant hand is my right one . but my mom asked if i really was because she pointed out that i pick up or hold things in my left hand quite often . cool ! i'm also 4 wing 5 . i think :p roud : it could be that the 2 of those other enneagram characteristics that you resonated with could be part of your tri-type . i don't really know a lot about ... today is the 4th . i'd usually be unwillingly surrounded by my dad's side of the family . loud music , mingling , and cliques have never really been my thing . however i am halfway across the country now ... thanks wild 12397 :p i realized yesterday that though i spent over 9 months living with my roommate , i have no idea who she is . we kind of just pass each other in the kitchen or hallway . we only have 2 more weeks ... i feel stuck . got so much to do but i don't want to do anything . maybe a kick in the pants would get me going . i have 3 weeks to prepare to move again . my friends are excited . i feel apathetic . i don't want to move back there , but i don't want to stay here either . been wishing so strongly lately that i could ... well , when i first got the four letters i didn't really feel anything because mbti wasn't fully explained to me when i took the test . ( actually i was a bit perturbed that i got a f instead of a t ) ... * raises hand * sounds like fun : kitteh : how would we be sending work ? email ? arrogance as 29 ar 28 cr 22 cs 20 abstract sequentialthinking style : 10 % of the general population falls into this category . you are the leader types . people are allowed to their feelings and values , even if you do not understand them . and here , people should able to share said feelings and values without being attacked . if you want to debate , ... 7521675217 straight hair and my natural hair . the one on the left is more recent . flying a kite for the first time ever : kitteh : if you still do this , i would love to get a reading . maybe get some clarity on a few things : kitteh : there's a weariness in my soul that my bed can't take away that lingers every day and my tears they never run there's a grayness in my sky but somewhere past that haze i will find that little ... 1 . you have the chance to meet someone with whom you have the most satisfying love imaginable - the stuff of dreams . sadly , you know that in six months the person will die . knowing the pain that would ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m4tYUfYCj4&list=FLIBVNe12Xj6QsKNCxUH7dIA& index = 1 dear jaded infj dude just give it up . she is just not into you . and her mind wont change with time . you're a really nice guy so why not go after someone who actually would like you back ? i'm your ... you might be getting at something delilah . my dad is a istj and my mom is a ixfj . i think both my parents were equally strict ( my parents separated when i was around 12 or 13 so my mom took on some ... having that ti influx during your 20s definitely seems common . mine started maybe 2 or 3 years ago ( i'm in my mid 20s ) . i started questioning my faith while living overseas essentially doing missions ... 1 . roller coasters 2 . ice cream cake 3 . smoothies 4 . walking 5 . cuddling going for a walk with my ipod or in silence . i like to write too ! definitely helps keeps the stress down . i feel like tolerance is like a first step or a default position . but going beyond tolerance isn't something that a lot of people do . because it isn't really necessary to do . you can keep in your own ... i am an infj and i ... don't fit in anyone's boxes . am a dreamer who becomes a doer when inspired . have crazy hunches that come true . a lot . get addicted to things easily but drop them just as ... true , a few of the things i wrote where more benefits of singleness vs being in a relationship , but i had to laugh at number 7 yeah , maybe if you're the virgin mary . : laughing : i used to change my hair quite a bit . mainly because i was living overseas for a few years and it was hard to get products for my hair type there . but also because i was just bored :p roud : . i brought ... i feel that celibacy , like most things , isn't really good or bad in itself . it's how you choose to use it . if people find other meanings in their lives besides engaging in sexual activity , who are we ... '