' bluekitdon i never thought about it that way ! i didn't realize i was leaving ppl out . now i know . thank you sent from my iphone using tapatalk thismustbetheplace before i would smile and go along to get along ... now if they annoy me , i just go quiet and avoid eye contact . and it's like my aunt wants me to prove to her i'm happy ... she ... i have a really awful past . i ruined friendships and relationships bc i felt ppl would just leave me anyway ; chose the ' safe ' way of doing things vs what i truly wanted ; and had anxiety attacks over ... <-- i accept it now . : wink : thanksss =) really ? i'm surprised . hmmm . i mean , it makes sense . but still surprising . note : i'll try and do the functions quiz later . this took me , well , quite a while . this is so long ... i'm sorry but read it plz ... lol 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... ... but i did , so can you type me ? gracias : crazy : - - - 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special ... i graduated college 7 months ago and i feel like i went from a balloon with too much air to totally deflated but in the best way possible . i'm still job-hunting but i'm interning somewhere and feel ... i just wanna say this ... once upon a time , i was the excitable , hyper , smart kid who drew side-eyes from others . i hated that . and i let that control how i interacted with people for a long ... i literally read hundreds of real-life ghost stories today and now my mind is all messed up and in a tizzy ... why did i do that to myself ... cannot unknow things now . home alone and it's nighttime ... okay , you know what ? i'm reading a lot of i can't do [ blah blah ] ' cause i'm wxyz in this thread . maybe ... it's time for some of you to take a short break from mbti because putting yourself in a box ... why in the world do i feel , over and over again , like i have to be some streamlined , straight-laced person ? like i won't be accepted - on a job or around strangers - unless i'm like that ? like i ... sometimes it's easier to figure someone else's type from an objective view than it is your own . personally , i like not having to choose . thismustbetheplace so you actually heard back from people ? i've heard back from no one , so it's like i'm sending stuff out to ghosts . : rolleyes : i'm in journalism for right now but i have ... so ... just to yak on some more . i have a lot of vent-iness to get out so please bear with me . ahhh ! ! ! my life sucks right now . i feel like my eyes are finally ... this . so . hard . omg girl i know what you're going through ! ! ! like , you're literally saying stuff that i was just thinking about ! omg i am not alone after all . but samesies all around . i'm ... i like him and always have . i can see how his voice can be grating to others and his music isn't anything earth shattering but i don't give a crap , i like the kid . i have such clarity at night - - but during the day i'm like : bored :: ninja :: frustrating : and especially : confused : generalized anxiety disorder and mild depression . i'm getting better though now that my life is low stress for the time being , i have some good resources to help me handle my probs , i take my med ... uhh , i never did get the studying thing down and i went to a private high school so my grades were suckish . environment often means everything to me and i was uncomfortable at the school i was in so ... one of my friends in high school was isfp and i loved her . she's so down-to-earth and genuinely kind and the type of person who colored outside the lines ( so to speak ) like me . we don't talk anymore ... i like who i am . what i don't like is constantly feeling like others don't get it . being seen as quirky is fine , but i wish there was at least one more of me in my neck of the woods . then i'd be ... i'm very lanky and thin and always have been . lately i've been going to the gym to build muscle and to get in shape . it's just really nice to feel yourself progressing and going harder than you did ... i am fascinated by artists - - people who paint well , draw well , specifically . all my drawings of people look like different versions of the cynthia doll from rugrats . i do have some nice old ... when you can simultaneously cry your eyes out over a romantic disappointment and create a new , totally unrelated youtube channel to start making your own videos . ( i'm totally devastated right now ... i don't want to talk about our latest class assignment . i just want to chill with you and talk about silly , pointless nothingness . :( eh , idk . i think , yes , sure , someone would . people have . but have i felt that way about them ? no . * kicks a pebble * we don't have to understand each other perfectly to go well together . just because you don't understand a word i'm saying doesn't mean you're stupid , like you think , it just means we're different ... dear universe , * sigh * today i accepted that maybe my life is just supposed to suck for some reason ? i feel like you're forcing me into being someone i don't want to be . but every time i ... i took the official test in high school and was really pleased - - it was so me ! i felt like i was really in good company , too , because other enfps were listed - - like bill cosby and robin williams - - ... i know what you mean about the straight up facts thing . when there's too many facts to remember , i take them almost literally and have a hard time putting them into context . if you ever find a good ... i used to be like that - - my mind would just shut down because of numbers overload . it just sounded so complicated . but now i actually want to know what i can about money so i can manage it better , ... i accidentally clicked on this board ( never even been on it i don't think ) and this was the first thing i saw . i laughed super hard . thanks . : wink : - i changed my inconsiderate , slacker class partner's name in my phone from her real name to an expletive and i feel really good about it . - i hate doing favors for people if it invades my personal ... reminds me of convos i have with my entp . :p roud : my intuition isn't actually foolproof . sometimes i trust it , sometimes i don't . but , recently , i was paired in class with this girl i never talked to in my life . within mins of seeing her , i just ... dear anonymous , you're so freaking cute . if you texted me in the morning and at night that would really make my life right now . i'm thinking of really allowing myself to free-fall into the future ... i'm confessing again . lol . and i hate to say this so much ... because i've fought against the label ... and i've probably discussed this before so forgive me : but i really do think i had add ... i've overcome a lot in my life because i wanted and needed help , and got it . if i didn't get help , idk where i'd be . i've made a lot of big changes in the past couple months and while i'm ... yeah it's really about getting into the zone . idk , like i started getting into the zone when i realized that i really want my license , i can do this and it's possible for me . and then it just started ... i don't know if i have add but i'm 23 and actually going for my driver's lesson in a few minutes . i've taken lessons off and on for a long time lol . i was hypervigilant , had problems with my spatial ... sometimes i get overstressed about what my type is . i relate the most to enfps , and i know it doesn't even really matter , but yesterday i was bored and took a test ... came out as esfj ( but n and s ... i have zero passion for the major i'm graduating in in less than 4 months . : shocked : i admitted it to myself today . i don't give a flying crap about journalism anymore . in high school , i wrote a ... omg ... i used to think my late aunt and all my ancestors could see me showering or using the bathroom . or if i had unclean ( read : dirty ) thoughts , they could hear them . @ the op : i also used ... he's cute and a gentleman . but i wish , for now , our friendship or whatever only went as far as the classroom and moved gradually from there . i know it's not how a lot of girls my age are ... but that's ... lol , i had a habit of falling asleep as soon as the popcorn or my icee was gone when i'd go to the movies with friends in high school . but they also just saw movies i found boring , too complicated or ... i wish i could collect things ... but i lose things so often that they rarely get to the ' collection ' level . sads . : , ( hey , i do collect music thanks to modern technology ... it's harder for me to ... i have freakin ' huge brown eyes . i'm not that tall ( 5 ' 5 ) but people still say i'm tall ? kinky / curly lush hair and a very expressive face . skinny with a cheeky face that should have dimples but ... i have most of what you have . you should probably check and see if your thyroid is off and ask them to check for antibodies . also , it could be anxiety . but , as someone else said , slowly cut gluten ... i can totally relate to this post . my personality , i've been told , is sweet and vivacious but ... i'm secretly shy as hell ... particularly when it comes to dating . in any case , it depends on who i'm ... '