' i'm not in a relationship with one , but my best friend is an isfp . we are so close and we get each other on spiritual levels . i love her so much ! ! it's weird how much we love each other . she gets me ... musicals are my favorite thing in the world ! ! ! :D although wicked isn't my favorite ( book of mormon is ) , it's still pretty awesome . :) ( and i got the reference , that's the best show ever ) this part is so true to me , and i'm just figuring it out myself . i'm in high school , i'm still young and only starting to get to know my circles and rings and all of that , and this part in particular ... it's because as ep's , our best ( and first ) skill is observing people's behaviors , starting with ourselves . we observe the way we act or would act and reflect that to other people . that's how we learn ... taken from this blog : a little bit of personality : start here ( i'm on mobile and it won't let me to add links for some reason ) through its uniquely powerful ability to observe , extraverted ... aw thanks ! :D yeah i do that all the time too ! yes all the freaking time ! ! i dance all the time too ! :D but i really do mostly sing . like , literally all the time . even whilst talking to people , i just sing ! it doesn't seem to bother them because i still listen and i can ... that would be true with most of the people , but i've found my group of friends that are the same as me in this subject , so we actually do write these things all the time and say how much and why we ... this site is surprising in everything they write ! i highly recommend reading everything there , it's amazing how accurate it is . wow my intj friend is obsessed with this guy ! i really think he's an entp . taken from this site's description of the perceiving trait in enfps : perceivers view the world and all experiences as potential tools that they can add to a growing arsenal of abilities . they ... this is very true , especially the parts in bold . my dad is also an intp , and most of the times it's not what he's saying , but rather how he's saying it that hurts me . i don't care if he's busy and ... i've got 28,091 ! :D it's my biggest fandom ever ! oh my god i can't believe i found someone who knows both starkid and mbti ! :D this describes me perfectly . while i care about whether it's nice , they care about whether it's useful . i don't necessarily believe in a certain concept , but if i see that it makes other people happy then i'll accept it gladly , ... yeah ! :D the yellow one says exterminate ! exterminate ! when you press on it :D i've got tons of doctor who stuff . you can see the bottom of one of my doctor who posters in one of the pictures . :D i couldn't phrase it better myself ! i am too an atheist and people could claim that i don't have meaning in my life . but i really do ! actually , the fact that i'm an atheist helped me getting to ... actually i've already posted here pictures of my messy room once , but for you i took some updated pictures now : 311002  3110 10 311018  3110 26 absolutely ! yep . it drives me nuts because i wish they'd know about it too ... and now an enfp friend of mine found out about mbti without me and she thinks she's an intp ( i thought so about myself too at first ) ... i bumped into a street lamp a few days ago cause i was listening to music on my mp3 player and skipping down the street while smiling and observing the exceptionally beautiful clouds . i started ... yes ! ! ! i'm very affected by people's emotions around me . it's almost as if i'm actually putting myself in their place and i can feel exactly what they feel . about the music - not crying , but i am ... actually you made a lot of sense , that's exactly what i was about to say . exactly . my entire worldview in a single sentence . thank you . besides , most of the people who just happened to take the quiz once ( meaning - a behavioral quiz on the internet that says literally nothing ) mistype themselves because of stereotypes ... others : wha ... how did you know that ? me : i know everything / i can read minds . others : wait , how did you get here so fast ? i just saw you at [ insert far away place ] me : i teleported ! ... i met her on the first day of high school ( which was last year ) . i had no friends in there back then because they all went to different schools , so i was kind of hoping for a new begining or ... you know you're an enfp when you often say to particular people that you like them because of this and this and this ! welcome to perc ! :D i've got an esfp friend and i love her ! ! she's funny as hell and very easy going and you can see she's comfortable in her own skin ! i'm that kind of person who loves and appreciates people because ... what are you talking about ? we're the most flirtatious of all types ! we can talk people into loving us in seconds ! we're charming ! . . . . . aren't we ? ... i think this post might help you decide . also , this and this . a lot ! in the mornings i'm at school and afterwards i go out with friends or on facebook for the rest of the day . actually i'd prefer both . i like to feel energized to the extreme , i don't know if ... infj , two intjs , something like five or six enfps ( i have no idea , i lost count ) , maybe two infps , isfp , entj , entp , perhaps two intps , and ... yeah . the infj is my best friend , but i also get ... yes ! ! ! i have something to say but i have to explain how i got to it , because then it feels so out of context and like it's not a full thought if it has no source ... but that's only when it's a ... hey watch this :D he's hilarious ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_p5gVgC6nY the butterfly part is very accurate to this day , to be honest ... brian holden : th_love : he's from team starkid . actually all the four are from team starkid . that's basically what percieving is . we prefer reactions instead of actions , we prefer to sit back , watch the world and only then act upon the actions of other people . i've had to learn social norms ... watch this . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD037VSAG2I all the freaking time ! but i'm too tired at the moment to think of an example , so ... i thought he pointed at the anime character that i don't know in his avatar . xd oh and : ... guilty : frustrating : sorry , i think my ne prevented me from telling the infp story ... what happened with the infp was that she kept pulling me out of social activities so we could talk alone ! she'd literally take me out ... i felt the same with my former best friend , who was an infp . she was so introverted , i think she has social anxiety , and i understand that , but i kept feeling like i was being choked ... i didn't ... what they said . i really like hugs , but i also absolutely love it when people just tell me i appreciate you because of this and this and this . i say these things to other people all the time , ... i've found most of my friends on fan groups on facebook ( doctor who , team starkid etc . ) so i knew right away we have at least a few things in common before i met them at a meet up . besides , it's not ... my new biology teacher is an enfp ! ! i love her so much ! ! ! today was the first lesson and i've already been told she reminds people of me ! :D it was so easy to type her , oh my gosh ! the ne was so ... yep , that is basically the natural state of my intj friend . <3 aww really ? why ? :D '