' the title of this thread is misleading ; there is no mention of world domination in your post . i'm voting for gary johnson in the upcoming election . economically conservative and socially liberal . check out his website and his recent interview with john stewart . i think if more people knew ... favorite game of all time : star wars battlefront ( pc ) currently playing : cod mw3 ( ps3 ) i'm an intj and a type 1 , and i think your idea may be correct . the problem is that it's hard to compare my life experience to an intj with a different enneagram type . i might like to think that i ... one of my best friends tested as an esfj . we're both relatively mature and intelligent , so that's probably the biggest reason the friendship works . i think we also have a lot in common , including ... small , but nice and modern-looking . not in the middle of nowhere , but also not in a dense urban area . relatively close to work . something like this : ... forget it ? no . move forward ? yes . the question is in what way . he probably doesn't really need anything from anyone . he needs to think about it and make a decision , and then you need to accept his ... a five year old would probably not have the attention span to read that . intj love becoming too masculinised , don'tcha think ? if someone is becoming too much of anything , it is implied that the becoming is unfavorable . for this reason , no one wants to be too much ... http://www.politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-2.88&soc=-2.41 bethdeth no , it wouldn't be universal , but you're still free to do it . i do not know whether or not you would be questioned . this thread isn't universal , but it is still relatively open-ended ... some reasons are ... 1 ) foreign policy expert , strategically and diplomatically . he handled foreign affairs with wisdom and nuance and built good relationships with the leaders of foreign countries ... exactly , there's no reason to argue about this . it was supposed to be a simple thread . i didn't start any argument , i was pulled into it . please don't say things like reeaally ? , as if i'm trying to be deceitful . it's clear you're just trying to cause trouble by making a big deal out of something that isn't . i realize you're upset ... like i said , no one is forced to make a response to this thread . thank you to those who have given a proper response ( 1st three and above ) . if you don't have anything on topic to say , simply don't ... well , it's not . if i really wanted to know , i would've asked you , but there's already too many threads about that that . if you want to know mine though , i'm a moderate liberal . i don't see why this should matter . 1 ) i didn't specify u . s . presidents , so they could talk about an elected leader from their own country ; 2 ) i assume that some people from other countries have ... self explanatory title . also , if you want to , give their mbti type based on what you know / reliable sources . me : george h . w . bush ( sr . ); isfj george h . w . bush . american experience . wgbh ... i don't know . do you ? who does know ? i'm serious , i'd like to know the answer to this . don't know , don't care . just do what you do . the important thing is that you're true to yourself . i like sports cars and consider myself a bit of a car enthusiast . i don't think they're insignificant . it seems as though you don't value anything beyond its utility , which is a mistake . would you ... it may have been better to just help without asking first and without making it obvious that you're trying to help . receiving help probably isn't as painful for an intj without the actual act of ... zombie apocalypse ! with guns ! and cars ! and sex ! and ... fire ! really though he's not that bad of a guy . he's not trying to rule the world and he's not genocidal . he's just a social scientist with some questionable methods . you see , their morals , their code , ... maybe they know that we can do anything we set our mind to , a power which could be used against them . with most types , tact , ethics , social norms , etc . would hold them back from hurting someone they ... na , i'm much more likely to go down with the ship . i would rather suffer alone and learn something than have someone alleviate a bad experience . i think all experiences are good . if i can't ... i usually don't try to determine what someone's level of intelligence is , it's far too difficult and there's really no point . people have different kinds of intelligence and know about different ... i wish i got it . that is all . justice is my religion . i guess i was an athlete-geek hybrid . did tennis all four years and xc for two . also did band two years and was in the national art honor society . got good grades overall but struggled with math . i ... i've always loved the social sciences . in high school my favorite class by far was ap european history . i'm in college now , majoring in business and nonprofit management , minoring in outdoor ... i think it probably depends on the person's specific interests . for a few activities i definitely care about details , but if i'm not really into it i sometimes zone out when people start talking ... my 2 best friends are istp and esfj . they're also best friends with each other , even though they're opposites . i'm kind of in-between them in terms of behavior and have things in common with both ... respectful director . i like it . personaldna | your true self revealed - fast fun free personality tests yes , i would agree with you there . it's called corporatism . in this country , wealthy corporations and individuals have an enormous advantage over the middle class . in a true free-market economy this ... not all communists advocate a stateless society though . and not all fascists advocate an authoritarian society ( nationalist anarchists / tribalists ) . i see it more as a left vs . right issue than ... 1 . what would you say about mao ? is he not a proper communist either ? 2 . i don't understand how an intj could be a communist . socialist i can understand , but communism directly goes against the ... communists are just as bad as fascists , they're just very different political viewpoints . stalin was just as much of a genocidal maniac as hitler . this board seriously allows fascists to post ... it should be noted that i don't regularly smoke weed , just when someone offers it . also , i think it's interesting that one of my best friends refuses to try any kind of drug such as weed , yet he is ... i think that non-dangerous / non-addictive drugs , such as weed , are fine . there's really no reason for them to be illegal . what should be illegal are these new varieties of fake weed . i had a very bad ... 1 . the ends , almost every time . 2 . getting angry at people for what they say or how they act , even though it's just how they are . 3 . socializing . 4 . decision-making . 5 . injustice . 6 . taking ... i'm terrible at math . i actually had to get a tutor for ( accelerated ) algebra ii because i had a d in it for a little while . basic algebra and statistics i can handle though . i'm 90 % sure my best friend is an istp . we rarely have deep conversations , but that's fine with me - he lets me escape from my own head . we have some common interests like cars , and we like to go on ... problem solved :) also , i really like your quote . personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? you can call me by my username , but my real name is justin . * male / female / trans ? male location - where were you originally born ? where ... so i just created an account here ... i've read several good threads from this site and i like all the different features and sections on here , so i decided to join . i was also getting tired of the ... '