1 ) . conversations with you are aways so deep ( when i was talking about world news > : c people these days ... ) 2 ) . you're so weird 3 ) . you're so unique :) ( nice way of saying weird lol ) 4 ) . if you ... okiee lol sry i took quite a loong time to reply , i'm just getting used to school again > _ < . and yes ! thank you for the sundaes aha . lol about the asian dragon parents .. i kinda just guessed , but ... hi so i read the whole post ( crosses fingers for icecream sundaes xd ) , and its good to know there's someone else on here who's not 20 , i'm not exactly an adult either aha ! oh , and don't worry about ... can't see why . can you clarify that ? i would make several pastries and go to yesterday . there i'll clean and decorate my room and leave lots of presents , so when the past me wakes up , she'll be really suprised and happy . she'll never ... well i've just got into doctor who , but i consider myself good at typing so i'll give it a go . one mistake i've noticed everyone making is typing all / most of the characters as n . obviously this ... ergh . agreed , i hate stereotypes on here . there have been several times someone brought up butterflies or flowers to me . - , - haha ikr ? i think nerds are just cute . and when they do something dorky i laugh and then tey don't do it in front of me anymore ... being desensitized . if i could not see , hear , or lack hands ... i could never express myself the way i like . you should look for what's important to you and find the thing that allows you to do so and ... have you read this link ? c : the real personality types made relevant it might help you ... laugh . ( lol so corny ) hehe i honestly don't know what to tell you except surf the web and put two ... : kitteh : haha too bad for you . my dad's an estj . : kitteh : you know you're an infp when you laugh at someone's quirks because you think it's cute , but because its not really a trait accepted by society , they take the laugh offensively ... : , - ( hmm i hope no one thought my last post was the entj stereotype . it's pertaning to what an enraged entj does on the internet . the stereotype is actually the businessman type , i guess . or i guess to ... hah . that right there is the epitome of entj's perception of us . or perhaps all other 15 types : rolleyes : your statement is not exactly absurd but certainly flippant ... woah . this socion thing sounds pretty cool . i think i might look over on it . i think i might get into socionics , but it bothers me how the types are different in there . because then i'd be something ... o-o really ? i don't see myself an infj ... but js an infj different in socionics ? or how about the j and p functions ; are they entirely different things ? hmm ... maybe socionics is not as bad as i thought it was before . i'd just looked over it with my sister , and it seems very ' intricate ' . lots of devices that helps one clarify functions . as it does so ... lol . yeah enfps are perky people . from what i've read from this one i think i'm pretty much an enfp . haha guess i was just hesitant all along . i guess it'd be better to if i was an e , so i don't ... if someone was able to convince me that i was an enfp , i'd probably be more ambitious or outgoing just bcuz they said i was . i guess because i feel 50/50 in both areas , it's just up to me whether i ... i guess what i'm really asking is : what do you percieve me as so far ? am i more of an enfp and infp . also please point out certain traits that seem more enfp , or traits that seem more infp . sorry , i ... well , parties are fun of course , but i generally have a hard time socializing such as mingling in the halls at school . it could be just an insecurity most people my age go through , but i can try ... hi i'm an infp that might be an enfp / an enfp that might be an infp , as you can tell from the rather spasmodic title le above ^ . from what i've seen from most of this forum , alot of you guys ... when you like mbti so much you drew characters for each of the types ! : crazy : yep i definetley did some training to get out of my box . it took a span of two years , to be able to switch back into fantasy mode without getting stuck . ( oh nice avatar btw , i recogize that from ... well by the way you've explained it , socionics is probably best for more accuracy . you're also correct about stereotypes and shadow theories . mbti leaves you in the dark , and you are left to make ... oh that . pshh yes . this is prettyy much common in infp's ( prominently in infp's with strong n's ) . i didn't think this was a negative thing . it's a great way to vent , and if your peers are projected ... this one's not true about me ... the only person i really idealize is my beloved infj sis , lol . maybe some other ppl too . but if it is something like a crush , sometimes i dream of killing them , ... well in that case i apologize . since your defending this so unflinchingly , there must be some good in socionics . obviously most of us are confused by that website and our impression of it is crap ... socionics is confusing . i prefer mbti as it is less flawed . that's why it's more popular because you can read into it with much more ease . you can also see relationships with the same clarity ( it's ... definintly agreed . oh and please don't take it too seriously . i was sort of ranting . i tend to do so when giving an answer . sorry hehe . lol correction i'm 52 % f and 48 % t * facepalm * the fact that some strangers assume worst of a person before hand , troubled me . not really that , but the ways some would act on pre-judged opinions . i guess the one thing that really helped me feel ... the worst part is that i felt the lion liked me o-o . yeah lol . my dad's humour isn't sarcastic at all actually , that's my moms . but my dad's humour consists of making fun of people or acting like an idiot to make others laugh . haha exept when he's ... heh i actually know another infp girl who is alot of how you described . she is reserved and polite and people percieve this as her being weak , but if you told her you think she's weak , she'll give ... me too i had nightmares about them . one particularly dressed as a lion who stalked me in a dark maze ! actually alot of times i'm shy , but thats mostly because there is a lot of intimidating people . that's why i have many exfj's around to guard me . ^ _ ^ . the times when i'm not shy is when i'm making a ... my lack of commitment is the only thing i really hate about myself . like when i make promises to people such as make a painting for them . if you were to look through my sketchbook , you'll find that ... my father's an estj . i honestly don't find it so dificult to deal with them . bcuz i tease my dad about being so un-openminded , not just me but pretty much my mom and my sisters . and when he complains ... heh yea i guess . x97x97x97x97 - - - i'm liking all the feedback by the way . i wish i can thank all of these posts . ... if i can wish for anything and get it ... if i didn't have to sleep ... if i can the ceiling was the floor and the grass was the sky ... if i was my dog when you try your hardest to understand everyone and judge them fairly , because you feel like if you can do that , then there is someone out there who would try to understand you too :) wow this is uncanny . people tell me the same thing . my other friends tell me that they feel like they have to be more precise when talking to me . most strangers find me mean looking . which i hate ... dad - estj ( not bad as you think ) mom - enfj favorite sister - infj ( they r awsum ppl ) sister - esfp ( annoying child ) so my parents are both very controlling , and at one point argued til no end . but ... so there's all this talk about us infps having a rich inner world , completely agree . but then i wonder - how do my fellow infps see things ? ik it's personal but we're on the internet , so nothings ... it's odd . i go on here to look for things us infp's and estp's like about eachother , but find many ways that we can't get along ... i had pretty much nothing to do , so i had read this whole thread ... me and my little cousin has watched this enough so i think : phineas : entp ferb : istj perry ( the platypus ): istj doofenshmirtz : intp candace : esfj baljeet : isfj hmm getting along ? not if they continue to always snatch my food > , < milti girl haha i do that too ! there's just certain songs that stick . like if i'm happy i don't want to change the song or else i'll be in a different mood ! my parents are getting sick of me ... i only know one other infp so i'm just gonna put some things that i've done - - * on the phone * oh you want me to go to the park with harriet and them ? ... oh no sorry can't , really ! ! i'm sorry ...