' intx type most likely to watch the ocean or walk along the shoreline , but not actually go swimming in it . well done ! estj type most likely to use bathroom tissue also as nasal tissue and napkins . the war on drugs is nothing short of arbitrary and an excuse for law enforcement and government in general to gain revenue from claiming lives ( mostly innocent ones ) in the false name of security ... after googling what tinder is : probably anyone with an si dom . type most likely to become friends ( or attempt to ) with all their rivals , adversaries , competitors , and challengers . mario : esfp luigi : intp peach : esfj yoshi : esfj toad : isfp toadette : isfj bowser : estj bowser jr : intj wario : estp daisy : enfp i'd like to request a username change : alolan raichu ixfj infp as well . type most likely to passively insult others with the intent being present . xstp type most likely to not mind government subsidies for the sake of their business ' survival . ne dominant ; enxp . type most likely to see an economic structure in any nation or world as unnecessary . esxp type most likely to use mathematics more than any other language as their primary method of communication . i'm not your therapist , infp . when i listen , little do you know i only pretend to care , and somehow , you buy into it every time . : wink : not clicking the link . infx type most likely to attend weddings that aren't of family or very close friends . xsfp type most likely to take a friendship for granted . entj type most likely to put others on a silent guilt trip if things do not go their way . esfp - you would have less of a rodent and cockroach infestation problem if you cleaned the dishes and payed the garbage bill . congratulations for reaching the end of the milestone bridge . the only thing left to do is to outpost everyone else ? :P entp type most likely to not take an interest in outside culture . xstj , sometimes intj . type most likely to silently critique others . xsfp type most likely to bark orders . literally . as in barking like a dog . xntx , but namely intp , i'd say . type most likely to always check the expiration or best by date on every ( or almost every ) food or beverage product before placing it in their shopping cart . '