' i am 24 . i have had one relationship ... it came out of nowhere and i think was me in a spot of desperation . it lasted 6 months until i broke it off because i finally realized i was trying to keep ... i would say infjs are very stereotypical introverts in that we really need our alone time and only have a small circle of acquaintances . ( i can count my friends on one hand ) that being said we can ... as a 24 y / o infj male i would say you are not door slammed at all . you have to make us mad or despise you to get door slammed , it does not appear you have done that . i am terrible at making a move or ... hospitality management infj not the right job for me at all ... but it pays the bills . i'd rather do something like environmental science or teaching / helping people . i am a housekeeping manager . . . not that . i am vegan now , so i would say i like my steak on the cow in a field mooing joyfully , but before i was a vegan i prefered it medium-rare to rare . do you test really high on introversion when you take the test . my introversion percentage is only moderately introverted . not to mention everybody is different and nobody fits a type perfectly ... it would be fun to see what you make of this . :) what do they say about people who has 0 consitency about the way letters and numbers are formed ? ... i would say that is relatively correct . most people who know me but are not close to me think i am an extravert . i generally describe myself to people as a social introvert . though i am social in a ... i have , in part , given up on understanding anything . instead i have moved onto exploring things and learning everything i can about them . it doesn't matter what the answer is , what matters is to ... i have one on a girl that i have had for literally 10 years and i am 22 now ... kinda pathetic right ? it is just not possible as we live a thousand miles apart and our lives are going separate ... currently 0 though i have about 5 people that i am friends with on some level . and maybe 15 acquaintances . money can buy some sense of security which security enables happiness . so indirectly money can buy happiness . there was a study that showed that after 75k a year you no longer gain happiness from the ... hospitality management major , housekeeping manager there is a form of meditation which revolves around a similar concept . to make a very complex matter simple i will put it like this . as you meditate you don't stop your mind from thinking as most ... welcome to the forums and yay infjs ! ! ! lol oldest of two la_revolucion i would go off on my teachers too ! lol i remeber one day , i can't believe i didn't get in any trouble , in 6th grade where i got my grade from my teacher and i was not at all happy with ... that is better put than i said , i should have said outwardly calm . inside i'm cussing up a storm and punching the wall . lol that is scary such a random list to have so many similarities on and the also lack of follow through on them . when i was a kid my mom joked that i had a list of jobs i wanted that was 1000 pages ... this is so totally me . it kind of goes back to my renaissance man ness of myself . i want to learn about a lot of subjects and i do but i never get very far into any of them . i will learn enough ... how calm are you ? when i was a kid i was very not calm . i was easily irritated and would pitch a fit like nobody's business . in high school i changed completely and now that i am in a career i am ... no i would not like myself . i am really judgmental . i make ridiculous jokes that just drive some people nuts . and i am just really difficult to understand and i can be standoffish in friendships . this is my exact sentiment . some day i crave being the best drummer in the world but then i remember that while i am not the best i can probably repair a plumbing leak , bake a cake , and tell the ... you know what , thank you ! i think you hit the nail on the head for me . i do care that i am understood but i think over all sometimes i just don't and it shows . it is a slippery slope to slide down . i ... i guess being called a renaissance man in jest by many people i know might hint at me being a bit of a polymath . though i don't really think of myself as that , i just call myself a jack of all ... i hate grammar ! ! ! i know proper grammar and i did really well in school , but i really really really struggle with applying it in everyday life . i am a bit of a grammar freak but i never use proper ... i love it . literally anything baking , welding , painting , building computers , building sound systems , sewing , cooking , you name it if its hands on i love it . i had a long talk with my career counselor ... deepdownimshallow great post ! reminds me of my metal thread i started . love how it relates so well to this post , and a fantastic group at that . i hate television . i used to watch more than four hours a day in high school when i lived with my parents who had a tv . i never enjoyed it though . it was just something to do . i got to the point ... hi guys and gals , i am wondering what your all thoughts are on technology and staying updated with it . i have a hand-me-down smart phone , no tv , and i don't want the newest and best anything ... i started driving on farm land when i was 10 . so i don't really remember to much of how it was . that being said i still hate driving to this day . i am completely comfortable driving i just don't ... i actually want to get good at it . i hear it can really help you . i don't know maybe when i'm older .. as a way of life , i can actually respect that . just don't know if its right for me . this is just my view on this and total speculation i hope i'm not going off the deep end here . i believe that was her form of protection . it is safe to hide behind books and logic and until she meets ... stormelc we need somebody else on your side i feel like we are teaming up on you :-p i have very limited interactions with people if i can help it . i find it a bit of a flaw in myself . i want to ... i am on the fence with this i love meditating but if this gives you any indication i do not do it on a regular basis at all . i actually freaked myself out once meditating . i hated it and didn't ... red means no lol yellow means sort of ( as in probably yes but i am denying it ) green means abosofreakinlutley black means yes but not a defining trait . yes that ! oh if you could as my roommates about my arguments . they think i am off my rocker because i have such bold statements and fantastic ideas , but i can't back them up in a way that they ... no don't feel sorry ! this is fun ! i like the discussion and if i appose your view point it is because i think all angles need to be discussed / explored . while i agree with you that you can't type ... i do have to agree sadly . sexism and several other non desirable traits do tend to be rampant in the metal community . i think that while metal heads are a tight knit community there is ... i can be dark but i have never been close to goth . i tend to internalize my own emotions and don't wear them on my sleeves for the whole world to see . i think goths tend to be more sensing types and ... i'm sure their is but i don't know who , if i tell the wrong person i might as well just have a meeting with the whole team . i personally feel he is an isfp but not so according to him . he apparently ... well to add to my story of why i started listening to metal was that in my sophomore year of high school i was in marching band and indoor drum line our drum line instructor was a guy by the name of ... i am an infj yet i am very logical and will stand up for something i am passionate about to the point of absurdity . while i use logic , i arrive at logic through use of my ni if that makes any sense ... infj gryffindor ! ( every time i say it i say it like the sorting hat ) shadowkissed not to derail the thread too much but hermy where hagger ? warms my heart to no measure . it is probably one of the most touching parts in the book for me . there is so much emotion in ... shadowkissed i am with you ! hermy one of us ! she is what made me love the series ... sorry for seeming to quote everybody but you all make good points and have good thoughts ! i don the same . metal is a destresser for me . if i get worried or worked up metal seems to calm me down ... i hear people say that all of the time . i agree there are bands that i can't understand the singer but its mostly metalcore or screamo . truth be told i can tell you what most bands are saying for ... well i used death metal to be more universal but i actually have several types that i am in love with , doom metal , folk metal , power , viking metal , thrash , and others . basically the more powerful and ... '