' i'd consider it . :) could you explain a little more of what you mean by that ? what did i say that makes you think so ? i think there's a 98 % chance your dad is an estj . the dislike of change , as well as a like of nonfiction , could point to strong si . and the fact that he has strong beliefs but still prefers logic ... i self-identified as esfp a million years ago ( okay , two ) , when i was a little more active on this forum . i know that i tend to test pretty high in se , although i also test high in fe . there have ... hey everyone ! so recently , i took the strengthfinder 2.0 , a professional test that is supposed to target which 5 out of 34 strengths you have in a professional and empathic sense . the idea is to ... i've decided to redo my thoughts / typings . ned stark - istj catelyn stark - isfj robb stark - estj sansa stark - isfj with the distinct chance of infp arya stark - enfp bran stark - isfp or infp ... ned stark - istj catelyn stark - esfj robb stark - estj sansa stark - isfj arya stark - isfp bran stark - infj rickon stark - estp jon snow - intj samwell - infp ygritte - estp here's another one : advocating artist uf0b7 being social , empathic , and understanding makes you advocating . uf0b7 some people find being around others exhausting — but not you ! you are ... me and a couple of friends took this personality test called personal dna and i was wondering if they would shed any light on what our myers-briggs personality types are . so here goes nothing ... ... i see her as fi-dom - she does what she thinks is right and is willing to sacrifice everything for her ideals . this may seem more nf-like , but i don't see a lot of ne on her part - more of the ... tori - esfj andre - enfj robbie - isfj jade - ixxp cat - enfp beck - estp trina - esfp ( and a pretty stupid one at that ) mark - infp . his fi is always front and center , and he's never a real player in rent - always an observer . his art is very important to him , and while his inferior te knows he should work for ... i know lucille ball has been typed as a estp . sounds like a enfp . this person seems to deeply want to help but also has a deep connection to some spiritual things . also tends to run on and on ... no normal sentence breaks . if this were a ... based on the answers you gave , it's most obvious that he's a perceiver , but if i had to pin it down ( which i don't love to do ... #esfpproblems ) , i'd say he's an istp or isfp . you mentioned that he ... le9acymuse and others : i posted some poems from two years ago on here recently , but i've been writing some poems on a personal trip of mine and i wanted to see if my poems and songs when i'm happy ... as for enneagram type , i'm not really sure ... chris evans : 6w7 robert downey jr . : 7w8 scarlett johansson : 3w4 mark ruffalo : 1w2 ( from all his advocacy work ) chris hemsworth : 2w3 jeremy renner : ... chris evans - isfj robert downey jr . - entp . have you ever seen his acceptance of his golden globe for sherlock holmes ? that is the mark of a entp . chris hemsworth - exfj ( he's been described as ... gibbs - intj with strong , well-cared-for tertiary fi tony - estp ziva - istj . she seems istp in the beginning , but watch her character development and it's clear that duty and logic and patriotism ... i have to say that she does come off more as a isfp to me with each passing episode ... especially with the fat betty plotline and her depression / panic / sadness . there was something more human about ... i don't believe that you can tell by someone's walk what type they are . other people have mentioned her really good grip on te , and even though she knows how to work a room , that could be due to se ... mark - infj roger - isfp angel - exfp collins - intp joanne - istj maureen - esxp mimi - esfp benny - estj after watching about a season more than i did before , i've edited my typings a little : don - intj roger - estp ( that will never , ever change ) peter - esfp sal - infj ( i can't remember the ... mary - people type her as a estj , but i don't really see her as one . could someone explain the reasoning behind her typing ? marshall - with his knack for trivia , i first thought he was a isxj or ... jack - entj or estp gwen - isfp owen - entp tosh - infj ianto - isxj rhys - esfp or a blatantly stupid estj i agree with smith ( it's dead-on ) , but i thought saunders could be a enfj , and paine as a isxj . taylor seemed like a classic estp to me in the movie . i agree . his ni allows him to be the biggest . troll . ever . i say this just because for the seasons of doctor who he wrote , he had an idea of what the big picture would be and followed through on ... i always thought that jade was a istp . why peg her for an fi-dom type ? i just had a flash of insight - jack is a entj 7w8 . that is all . :D merlin - infj or infp arthur - estj or estp uther - estj gaius - intp morgana - enfj gwen - isfj lancelot - isfp morgause - intj interesting . i agree with most of them , now that i look at it , but i don't get why you typed angel and collins the way you did , and maureen is slightly confusing . i see her fi as being very strong , ... more people ! natalia kills - infp skye ferreira - istp taylor momsen - isfp anna calvi - isfp demi lovato - enfj lana del rey - isfp marina diamandis ( marina & the diamonds ) - enfp fiona ... i think she's a isfp , but i'm curious to hear what you think . any thoughts ? mark - infx roger - isfp collins - intp angel - exfp mimi - esfp maureen - enfp joanne - esfj benny - estj or estp thoughts ? ixfp ? that could work for paulette . elle - enfp 7w8 warner - estj 6w7 vivian - intj 3w4 callahan - entj 8w9 emmett - isfj 9w8 feel free to add on or change around some of the typings if you don't agree . thoughts ? osp director henrietta hetty lange : intj team leader g callen : ixtp , leaning towards istp senior agent sam hanna : definitely a sj . i'd say xsfj or istj . junior agent kensi blye : ... i think replying outside one's head is an extroversion vs introversion thing - not a judging vs perceiving thing . when it comes to satine i'm bouncing between isfp and infj - she is definitely not a ... hey all , so i've just started on the third season of lost , and i must say , i am absolutely addicted to this show . the characters are written really well ( no , i haven't seen an episode with nikki ... christian - infp 4w5 satine - isfp 3w4 harold zidler - enfj 7w6 the duke - he's just a wuss . idk - seems like a really sexually repressed , pissy , xsfj 6w5 . the argentinean - istp 8w9 the midget ... ha , okay . wasn't sure if you'd already made a decision when you thanked it . sorry about the badgering . ( whoops . ) le9acymuse : so i see you've read it . any ideas or suggestions ? i don't know what my instinctual subtype is for sure . i'm pretty sure i'm a 3w2 , and probably sx-first , but i'd like to hear what you think . these are some writing samples of mine from a few years ... i know it's been a while , but i have a few more types to ask you about . what do you think ? 3w2 - 7w8 - 9w1 3w4 - 7w6 - 8w9 3w4 - 8w9 - 6w5 4w5 - 7w8 - 8w7 8w7 - 2w3 - 7w6 i didn't explain myself properly on this one . she wasn't eating . at all . lying about having a big breakfast , losing weight , constantly looking anemic . we were all worried . my esfj friend and i ... she did test as a intj when we were younger and i've never seen anything to contradict that . maybe she could be a infj - but i doubt it . she is most certainly a ixxj though and i would never ... i've been friends with this girl for over seven years and the shit's finally hit the fan . she told me in no uncertain terms that she refuses to speak to me again until i stop judging her . i don't ... oh , river is definitely entj . no question . and when she uses her se it is just fabulous . case in point : just regenerated . take a rest ? no ! i'm going shopping ! :D but why did you peg jack ... hi all , so i've done soul-searching , actually picked up a ( gasp ! ) book about myers-briggs , and determined that i'm probably one of two types . unfortunately , isfp and infj both mesh pretty well ... updates : christopher eccleston - istj david tennant - infj matt smith : isfj john barrowman : esfp catherine tate : esfp freema agyeman : enfp , esfj , or enfj . maybe even isfj . whatever she is , ... yep . this sounds just like me as a estp . i love to keep up with trends , and look badass , and look put together ... all at the same time if i can manage it . :P and the whole hypocrisy about slutty ... '