' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqZ_WiwJntA institutionalized learning is like dining . the more you do it , the more it turns to crap . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OY13hmoxs2U a livery of bachelors calling on her floating from memory , and what of me ? i glance up for a moment , have i ever really been here before ? i look ... snail and tkae , your posts reminded me of this : youtube - search for meaning if we take man as he is , we make him worse - but if we take man as he should be , we make him capable of ... is the dark side a choice ? : happy : razvan , you're right . idealism is not so much a fixed state , as a choice . i'm sure the person in the conversation has idealistic moments too . why not resurrect your dreams ? : happy : to me , emotion seems more authentic than rationality , as it is not translated . it is raw experience , raw being . when i see emotion , i feel that i see into how the other person truly is . through ... here's one of mine . write up your own : happy : you're such an idealist ! why can't it be done ? because the world doesn't work like that . then why not make the world work like that ? you ... the problem with searching for love in the outside world , is that the world is always changing . people change with the world , yourself and the others . as long as the subject one seeks love from is ... http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1384/573995030_4965dab91b.jpg the beauty of mathematics is , that it can be used as a means to communicate with and as parts of the universe . everywhere , there are patterns : happy : i understand your conundrum . it would be easier , if there would be such a glossary : happy : however , even if a word is defined in a certain way somewhere , the semantic connotations will be unique ... i would agree with you on this . a lot of the times , religions and religious sects have highly specialized terminology , which doesn't mean much unless one is initiated into the religion or the sect ... zeno's paradox is a good example of what happens when one sticks to dualistic or binary thinking . there are moving factors and distances moved , but they are not set into a framework , which is time ... i think this is a good point . two things i thought about it : 1 ) deduction , by humans , is based on interpretations of reality . 2 ) what does it mean to prove ? from the depths of slumber , as i ascend the spiral stairway of wakefulness , i whisper : god ! god ! god ! thou art the food , and when i break my fast of nightly separation from thee , i taste thee , ... what an interesting thread : happy : 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? i'd grab both and head for the exit . i wouldn't spend time choosing or thinking . 2 ... perhaps there is already enough stick ? try the carrot ! when with him , talk about the good times you have had together . how much you adore some things in him . that will catch his attention , and ... i'm sorry that this happened to you . have you tried meeting him without having his wife around ... just to talk , as brother and sister ? edit : ah , should have refreshed :) youtube - oblivion soundtrack 3 ( wings of kynareth ) : happy : know , feel , live drink , breathe dwell , experience . : happy : decide what is sacred to you , and put your best life energies at its service . make that the focus of your studies , your work , the test for your pleasures and your relationships . don't ever let fear ... try logotherapy , existential ( psycho ) therapy or transpersonal ( psycho ) therapy . cognitive therapy is not effective for it at all . also , i would advise you to get to know the various religious texts of ... rumi poem , from book of rumi : fountain of fire , by nader khalili . recited by sina . music by hamoon tehran , from true love rumi cd , created by sina http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SZSWqDL7RA x93you will not be punished for your anger , you will be punished by your anger . x94 - hindu prince gautama siddharta , the founder of buddhism , 563-483 b . c . some thoughts : in modern society , it's really easy to think that one needs to have a job ... and that one has to make money . the only way to do this is to do the jobs that others give to you ... dmsmikhail , you might want to look into this : existential therapy - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia there might be such a therapist somewhere in your area ? or it might be good to try and do ... your role , in that situation , was to offer the help . it's up to the other one to take it . sometimes admitting one's own faults can be very hard . the ego tells us , that to do so would mean accepting ... did psychology give you anything ? what did you learn ? if you want , i can offer you some thoughts : happy : niki and generalanders , if you could pursue whatever you'd want to , what would it be ? what would you make your life like ? haha , you mean , sarah cromwell ? : laughing : the great archives determine you to have gone by the identity : sarah cromwell known in some parts of the world as : cerridwen of the cursed the great archives record : the cursed and the ... basically ambient , ethnic , folk , blackmetal , darkwave , gothic , house , rarely some pop . it really changes according to my mood . at times i like the quiet and the slow songs , but at other times , i ... which version have you read ? ... have you done comparisons ? have you read the bible ? i was like this . then i got my adhd meds . life has been much easier afterwards : happy : and what if the universe is within god ? : happy : life is light and easy . happiness is a choice we are all able to make . become the love you want to receive : happy : it seems to be that existence itself is eternal , or more like timeless . but movement seems to work under the laws of causality . what caused the first movement and why ? some thoughts : 1 ) does the segregation of social groups promote feelings of unity and equality , or separation and inequality ? 2 ) does the segregation of different jungian types into their own ... the queen , from oglaf ! : laughing : http://www.webcomicz.com/media/images/oglaf-impressions.jpg it is often said that god created man in his own image . i would divert from this : god chose to give rise to everything within its own being . from choice arose form and movement . we are all ... hehe , it's the black metal way of writing it : happy : i applied to medschool twice . spent almost 4000e on the preparation courses alone . didn't get in , though ... and now that i think of it , it was for the best . i wanted to become a doctor to help ... gratz , az ! you have become trve cvlt ! : wink : be yourself . develop your characteristics that cause problems for you . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCEcqjVoVKY possibly dacb . female - xnfp . the problem with the above is that a doesn't analyse the need for the computer at all . it just lists components , which have been separated from their function . if you ... everyone defines good and evil individually . good and evil dictate justice . thus , everyone has their own notion of justice . then there's of course the society . very often , what is legally considered ... understanding that there is no good or evil , just ignorance and different experiences . '