' as an enfp i can be messy but tend to catch myself and keep things tidy . i have a system to my madness for the most part lol . i will admit when i'm stressed or find a new obsession , i'm am online ... welcome ! we're so glad you're here ! :) no problem ! for me i still struggle finding friends . apparently another enfp thing is we crave for depth and authenticity when it comes to our relationships . this couldn't be more true for me . i hate ... that's funny , i was bullied and if anything it made me more shy when meeting new people . that's not relevant , i think the poster above nailed it on the head . she knows her functions better than i ;) ... disturbia hmm the dude ( judging from your perspective only ) seems to be a douche . but playing devil's advocate here and you asking for the internet's opinion , have you considered the fact that maybe ... tried this with my brother earlier , who i'm pretty sure is an istj . all i got was why the hell is there a cube in the desert ? ? a ladder what the hell , when will i ever see ladders , cubes , and ... hi welcome to the forum ! ! :) wow you sound like me about a year ago ! when i first discovered mbti in a college class i tested enfp . i would then test myself about once a year after that . for about 3 years i tested as infp or ... it sounds like you're in an unhealthy state .. obviously if you think you're depressed . anyway , unless you're working on a project with a deadline , what are you worrying about ? you need to focus on ... don't stress about the mbti results . remember the personality types are guidelines to the real you . no two enfps are exactly alike . from what it sounds like , those are enfp traits . i tend to become ... welcome to the forum hawthorn ! :) spy ! yes ! i am also interested in finding this answer ! welcome ! ! i just read a book where the female main character was named tommy . love it ! anyways i hope you learn a bunch ! :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEDnGAvjQXw welcome ! ! :) haha yes it does thank you ! i always thought atheism and agnostic were two separate views . i noticed some other people wrote that on here too . what is it when you're both ? i thought atheism is you believe nothing is there and ... welcome allenia lee ! i hope you have fun ! : kitteh : anger - my brows arch and i look evil . i then basically chew them up , swallow , then spit them out . i can be quite mean . i say things i may later regret because all i'm seeing is red . i then get away ... i wouldn't despise you ! only because you came with a warning : wink : no seriously other than your noisy ticks we'd get along . i would just shoot you a stop doing that stare . i have a feeling you'd ... at first very very awkwardly lol . i would then compliment them a lot then tell them i don't feel that way . if i'm a little interested in them and they told me they loved me , i would feel weird then ... hahaha don't be sad . i would say it mostly annoys me when i'm trying to focus on something , which is often lol . i get distracted easily and it quickly becomes frustrating . same with foot tappers and ... bringing the thread back to life . i was raised catholic and now consider myself spiritual . people who cut a line of traffic trying to get off at an exit as well as people who hang out in the passing lane , people who talk loudly on the phones and / or talk on speaker phone in public places , ... welcome ! ! have fun exploring ! :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_LxyhCJpsM she probably isn't . our emotions ( well mine ) can be insane . when i'm happy-i'm reallly happy , when i'm sad-i'm really fricking sad , etc . like i said you need to use your best judgement with her ... hmm i guess just use your best judgement with her . not all enfps are exactly the same . i'm trying to think of how i would want to be approached if i was feeling this way . i often need to be alone for ... i would save him ! every life is precious no matter how many wrongs someone makes . i'm gonna go with a yes . i think most of us tend to be quite sensitive which can turn to defensiveness . though , most of us tend to not listen to that voice in our head or the little devil on our ... hmm .. i'm gonna say yes because it's definitely faking it lol . just keep practicing ;) ... with your own smile of course ! if you ever heard of skyline , then you would understand lol . it's an ohio delicacy :D as for the smiling , you have to fake it until you make it ! i had this problem also . i'm only talking about how to ask questions in class . people can mistake shyness with being introverted . not the case . shyness is fear of social rejection . to overcome this ... being an enfp , i have also felt this with certain friends . some proved it was all in my head and others proved differently . i think there are other factors regarding this . it goes beyond mbti and ... welcome ! we need more enfp people around here : kitteh : enfp brand new parkway drive a day to remember the xx city and colour florence + the machine local natives august burns red haha leg day seems to be everyone's least favorite . the motivation for a nice butt and legs keeps me enjoying the awesome burns ! : laughing : i would have to agree with her on this on . if you're looking for specifics ; someone genuine , positive , and keeps our interest i suppose . artemis 2x4 how to train your dragon 2 ! :D i'm warm autumn . i like golds and earth tones . i was just looking this up on pinterest the other day ! :D yes i could never give up fall . and i feel bad for the people who've never seen snow . just a midwestern delicacy i suppose lol . though i would love to move to the smokies and have an amazing view ... yes i seem to be more productive working nights even in my personal life . and i've always been a night owl . i love the smell of winter ! ! i do have a solution for you . move to alaska . they have ... haha glad i can bring you a laugh ! i never got into snl , not because i didn't want to . i either worked extremely early and went to bed early or like now where i work nights , not getting home until ... psht i still watch vhs lol unfortunately beauty and the beast is still in the vault : crying : otherwise i'd get it on dvd . my vhs copy gets those gray static waves occasionally . hollow city by ransom riggs i always cried watching the beginning of oliver and company if anyone remembers that classic ;) very much so ! i was still always aware of how people perceived me so i hung in the background for middle and high school or secondary school is what you may call it ? having a conversation with me ... adding to our album :) all less than a year old 357418 3574 26 357434 not that i'm aware of lol . i was told i said some weird things . guess i didn't have a filter back then :D honestly college is when i really started finding myself and was able to find some friends ... '