' because i liked that picture : 3 kittens are the new puppy's haven't you heard ~ i agree , i wasn't looking either we just met and i also knew i wanted her i'm my life and am very glad i did :) hmm , i can also relate to this . i was a somewhat stereotypical istp until i got into buddhism and such . this along with a close friend with very high fe made me develop so much fe i typed as an infj ... * returns hug * ^ ~ ^ hugs ? :( 167234 1672 02 switch that to women and then add other attributes like kindness entrepreneur * wink wink * also this kind of undying love :) - - - but ... hmmm ... can we just call this mental hacking ? :D d - like running ubuntu rather than windows on your windows machine because windows is a pain to use - but i'm referring to if one induced it on their ... hmm , if you repeat an idea to yourself enough and believe it subconsciously you'll think its true - at least i can do this - think about something like dissociative identity disorder and how it ... but wouldn't one in time become left handed if they only used your left hand ? i'm actually leaning to jung's original theories much more than mbti because of the inconsistency of the mbti :P okay , so why can someone never change their type ? it does make sense that someone has a preference for a few functions over the rest , but is there any evidence to show that it is so solid ? for ... haha , ironic that just changed to intj xd but yes ! develop yourself all you can ! :) ah ... how did i miss that ... : confused : inxj uses newly found te ! thank you , i feel very welcome . :) thank you :) i honestly never had a favorite , i would always just collect all the legendary pokemon and use them : laughing : - never watched the anime - nope i wasn't aware i reference anything ... : shocked : ... shh ... you aren't supposed to know about that ... : wink : also , thank you :) * approves * yes my child ... only a dream ... everything's fine ... nothing could ever happen ... :) * gives bag to mad scientist amoon * we are taking them apart to find out how to turn ne into ni . my thoughts exactly , thank you :) your soul is the property of luxcorp . any complaints please call 1-800- save or stop by and let our friendly staff help you with your problem * fake business smile * shush :P yeah ... you knife never penetrated :P and you just blew yourself up good going ;) luxcorp also makes absofsteel ( tm ) . * puts theredpanda in a bag and nonchalantly walks away * nope , sorry :( you now are the property of luxcorporations . any questions ? :) * peeks head out * * sees the earth has been overrun by ne * it seems many people that use the mbti or start acting more like what is normal for their type and those who don't for the normal type soon become the dreaded unknown types or can never figure out ... istp thank you :) the root of kindness seems be empathy or sympathy or some form of care for another . that is something you can compare in that way . kindness is helpfulness towards someone in need , not in return ... i know , sorry about that xd self expression is not my forte xp but whatever :) thank you :) yours aviator is also really cute ! > . < kindness is an effect not a cause . but think what you like : kitteh : was that your interpretation ? o . o so book smarts ? :P knowledge alone is just organized data . i was referring to both physical and mental . how would you define intelligence ? technically everything is something :P not necessarily . one can be kind and be very stong . while one can be weak and quite unkind . :P one can be intelligent and have very little knowledge or be knowledgeable but have very little intelligence . denied . you should try them sometime : wink : knowledge yes , one must have knowledge and wisdom . - and friends help make it all fun . xd learning about new perspectives and seeing the world through different worldviews or lenses . helping people that need it . talking with my best friend : kitteh : am you ? . - . i usually eat things like fruits and grains ... you're into my intelligence ? : blushed : . - . may i have a bite ? * cough * the real question is what's down ? :) can i still keep the title of infj ? :) i'll give you a hug if you do : kitteh : being passionately into gay rights . :P - also sarcasm - i try : crying : because having fi as a dominant function is just wrong for me ! :( but i tried so hard to play an infj :( to be an infp would imply that i use fi as a dominant functions , which it is not . : kitteh : - that was sarcasm by the way - why would you say infp ? '