' i was a big ol ' bucket of depression and anxiety in high school . i did a complete 180 when i went to college . i held a full time job that allowed me to do my homework when it wasn't busy , while ... you mind find some answers through the search function . or i can just do that for you : http://personalitycafe.com/entp-forum-visionaries/98652-entps-drug-use-oh-controversy.html ... it's not . but he should have known that when he married a woman with 4 children , the children would still be her first priority . which means making sacrifices for their well being , even if it's not ... i'm all for keeping it simple . the sound of a toilet flushing followed by the beep . i like to use a spritz midnight pomegranate or vanilla coconut in my hair while it's still wet , and then let it dry . just gives a slight scent , so you have to get pretty up close to smell me . jiggly placenta ? :D your macgyver mullet . i mean , thinking cap . :P i'm short with about 10 pounds extra . a lot of entps are thin because they forget to eat and , well , that will help stay thin for sure ! i did it for the greater good of the entp community . so many new faces :P oh good , i don't have to send out rescue units ( for now ) :P < ~ also a taurus :D you'd never use this data mining for evil , right ? ;) here , have an astrology thread about entps right here on the first page to answer about november / december : ... ehhh ... somewhat . ohay look , i'm necrobumping again ~ it's been a while and we've had another surge of new entps . show us where you are ! oh , i should also mention that while i didn't waste energy with witty comebacks for my peers , i definitely had them for my teachers . especially my bible teachers ( my father was my sunday school ... personally speaking , i was pretty withdrawn during grade school . i had my select few friends , and we were pretty much considered the outcasts . we didn't care about the latest fashions , having the ... it goes something like this : http://mysticmedusa.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/6TRlUb.jpeg more rare than us 9s :P william i am is the only primary e2 that i know of . this is extremely common of entps in general . i don't think i've ever tested more than 60 % extrovert ( last time was 52 % ) , and there are plenty of posts on the entp forums ( and look at peoples ' ... welcome ! have a balloon ! ~ o they are :) a lot of this part . welcome to the forums ! 9w1 , 7w6 , 2w3 i am teal and purple , thanks ;P and i don't really have anything to add that you haven't already said . as usual , i agree with you word for word . twinsies and stuff ! i also relate to feeling ... to the point of not giving a single hint of info and making everyone play guessing games ? hard to say . entps aren't usually quite so vague ~ can't say i've ever seen you be anything else ! :P ps - check yo ' inbox ~ it's adorable seeing people meet psyphon for the first time ;) i plan on my body being donated to science , so there will be a memorial service instead . however , this song will be played at the memorial . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfBdMXhpQnU my siblings ... husfriend - committed , co-habitating boyfriend . fiance is such a stuffy , formal term . can also apply to a traditional husband , as your spouse is your best friend :) i have yet to make up a suitable ... get a job and move out . i know , i know . we've been saying this to you for a couple of months . i just had to take the opportunity to play psyphon for a minute here ;) seriously , though . living ... not all intuitives are filled to the brim with ideas . and not all share it if they are . believe it or not , entps and other n types are capable of respect and devotion to our families and ... i was thinking the exact same thing after reading the post . space for me can be days , even weeks . and i prefer being the one to initiate contact , so the person knows that i am ready to communicate ... what the hell did you do to these friends to piss them off and make them want to compromise your professional life ? xaxna is now code name for cry ;P too much ? psssh girrrl you cray-cray ! if it's interfering with or causing problems in your personal relationships and other aspects of your life , then it might be too much . but i really wouldn't ... yay 2 year old threads ~ a positive . ditto ! i started to realize in 6th grade , when a teacher openly criticized me in front of the entire class for not doing the work but still getting the answer correct . i held on to the same ... psssh . i've cried at least 15 times this week . i just usually won't admit that unless i'm super stressed . like right now . ask me again later and i'll deny i ever said this ;) the friend part is easy on my end . i'm an idiot when it comes to picking up signals that a guy is interested , and if he isn't confident enough to tell me , then we'll just continue as things are . i ... here's a post from a couple of years ago , from a female entp interested in joining the army : ... i've actually been wondering lately what it's like for an isfj to turn to their entp shadow when stressed . i thought the same thing as sporadic aura about narcissism and inflated ego . maybe over ... so much this . i feel like my ti takes a break , but my fe-si are having a field day . i have no idea what the isfj function order is , to see if i'm on the right track with how that one works exactly . i wish i knew why , but this happens every spring for me ( for as long as i can remember ) . it might be a form of sad ( seasonal affective disorder , which is more common for winter ) , but i dunno about ... personally speaking , no and yes . my isfj shadow ( which is very , very , very unhealthy isfj mimicry going on ) has convinced me that everyone is out to get me or everyone is looking at me funny so they ... i've been going back and forth between entp and super unhealthy isfj shadow for a couple of weeks now . i seem to do this every spring . such a vile , vile season :( i see you've met my mother : anything can work . it's all about mature communication . and part of that communication is the entp understanding that being so blunt may not always be the best approach , and the enfp understanding ... that's a very good point . i love finding the hidden gems tucked away , and i also find that the employees are more laid back . i go through spurts of seeking people out . sometimes i want to do every activity i can to find new people , and other times i'm simply indifferent and won't go out of my way . i find it exhausting in ... '