' why not ? any other esfjs originally mistype as an nfp ? i think that's increasingly common across typology communities , with the sensor hate and all . hello again . thanks for all your help . i know this is late ; it's been quite busy with finals and such . this order is tentative , and some were really close , but here's the order i could come up with ... of the j functions , i'd say it would be : fi > ti > fe > te or fi > fe > ti > te . of the p functions i think it goes : si > ne > ni > se the esfjs on this site are lovely . i'm generally shy or a bit wary on big sites like this , but you all have managed to make me smile and feel just a little bit at home . <3 i am pursuing a career in elementary education ! thank you for the mention ! <3 i am unsure of my esfj typing ( i may be isfj ) but i appreciate the mention and will answer the questions . 1 . what is your favorite food ? fettucine with alfredo sauce ... eh , i don't think so . it just seems that way because it's so widely valued by society above most all else . i don't really believe in superior disciplines . it's all important , y'know ? oh , i do that . a lot , actually . sometimes i find that mid-sentence , i come up with something different and say that . it's like i start off with half a sentence and my mind gives me something to ... thinking and reflecting is certainly natural to me , and i don't find it boring at all . while i love music and i listen to it frequently , i couldn't handle it forever . i once knew a girl who listened ... dogsoup ah , thank you ! this puts me ... right between those two . around my close friends i certainly act / feel / seem like your enfp friend . i place an enormous amount of value on inspiration and symbols ... creative : this is basically the main reason i chose ntp of the choices . i consider myself , and other people consider me to be , very creative . i try to be creative in all i do . i put my own mark on ... i think sfjs can be extraordinarily quirky or random . much more than they're given credit for . thank you , this made me happy ! <3 i've been investigating the functions for about 2 years now . unfortunately i was supplied mostly with stereotypical misinformation until just a few months ago . i'm still learning . i always thought i ... sure it would fit . i don't relate to being organized at all , but the organized thing is kind of fading out , i think . i'm not methodical or decisive . so if you're going by organized vs haphazard , i'll ... in typical 6 fashion , i am questioning my type . i thought i was infp , but i realized i'm just not n enough for that . i love me some philosophical discussions , and they're stimulating for a bit , but ... isfp . isfj - hatred my intj brother was pretty rambunctious as a kid . anyways , maybe you're just developing your ni ? when you have a wild imagination , but long theoretical discussions just drain the hell out of you . honestly , i could easily see trump as a 3 rather than 8 . okay . :) because blooming is taken , could i have auroraswan ? name change request - i would like my name changed to : blooming :) hey , thanks guys for your insights ! what about their enneagram types ? i think my dad is 1w2 , not sure about my mom , brother might be 5w6 , sister 6w5 , 5w6 , or 8w9 . what do you think ? i posted this somewhere else , but it didn't get too many responses . what are the mbti and enneagram types of my family members ? dad - orderly - plans ahead and gets things done on time ... roselett yeah , thanks for your input ! technically this would go in the what's my type forum , but i guess i specifically wanted input from the enfps . :) hi guys ! so i'm asking for a little input one last time on my enfp or infp . i'm still torn between the two . i could be an enfp , but here are the some of the things that make me wonder if i'm more ... i got estj . extrovert : 22 % sensing : 12 % thinking : 50 % judging : 56 % i'm surprised my s wasn't higher on this . i'm definitely an n . 4w3 ! though i'm unsure of infp / enfp . no , i'm not one to approach strangers . i can and will if it's required of me , and i'll be good at it , but it's not something i would really do . in the few cases that i do approach strangers , it's to ... ne - fi - ni - si - fe - ti - se - te i might be an enfp after all . i think a lot of this is influenced by enneagram as well . i'm a 4 , a withdrawn type , with a 3 wing , a less withdrawn type . and ... where is the perc functions test ? i tried finding it but only got other links . i do believe i'm being true to myself . a lot of it also depends on my current mood or mindset . : happy : the test gave me i . though i've taken it before and i think it gave me i / e . yes , it is a necessity--but i also think it's a necessity for most people . nobody can be left alone in a cave for the rest of their lives . nobody is a complete extrovert or introvert--such a man ... jilleh 88 i would be fine with being called an introvert ! i have no bad view of introversion at all , if that's what you're asking . :) in a lot of ways , i wish i was more introverted than i already am , ... hi ! i'm fairly new on this forum in that i haven't posted much . anyways , based on some of the responses i've gotten here , i think i'm an infp . i wanted to know if any of you portray some of the more ... 1 . i don't end up in leadership positions that often . when i do , i try to be nice , fair , and forgiving , but i get really nervous assigning them stuff . i have my own ideas and vision for the project , ... thank you so much for your insight ! another thing i forgot to add is that when i'm upset or dealing with a problem , i tend to reach out rather than deal with things on my own . so i don't know if ... definitely ti . honestly , i just don't see any fe . i say probably ixtp--but intp more so . but i'm very new at typing , and don't even know my own type that well , so take what i say with a grain of ... alright . i've narrowed myself down to infp and enfp based on responses i was given on an earlier thread i posted . i just feel like i didn't give enough information regarding the i / e . whether i'm ... thanks for your input . <3 : hug : thanks for your input ! <3 kind of both . it's like ideas are produced in my brain like little bouncy balls in a mind-factory . i spit them out and bounce them off others to see if they actually bounce . or i do so myself . it ... thanks for your input as well . * hug * i'm still confused as to whether i'm an i or an e though . it's a close call . thank you for your input ! : hug : hello guys ! i'm confused about my type ( i've gotten mixed results ) and any feedback would be very appreciated ! <3 i found this questionnaire . it's long , but please bear with me . :) 1 . is there ... '