' i really value perseverance , seriousness ( but not too much ) , and compassion . in other words that person who works hard , is dependable , but still finds the time to check up on the people around them . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MitZ-C0tgQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3X_zx8q8_s english , french , and spanish . thinking about portuguese and at least one of the niger-congo languages . another one ! mjn_the_enfp i think i'm the enfp who's nothing like that . i don't think being bubbly really constitutes a significant part of my personality although i can be at times . the spark with intjs is ... i've actually had issues with how introverted i can be . sometimes , it just seems like i fall into the habit of retreating into my own mind , peering out to make sure the world isn't crumbling around ... yes , and my palms were sweaty the whole time and i was embarrassed without even having reason to be . i guess it's just because i already knew his personality type , and i also knew that the debate was ... intp - because for all of the introverted enfps out there , they understand the concept of space . intj - because even if we're at opposite sides of the room somehow our eyes always meet , and whenever ... yep , still smiling . muchaparadox you've got talent . reading just the title of the post made me giggle , i wonder what the rest is like : laughing : i'll tell you the truth . i don't want to be a cat . i want to be stroked , but in a platonic manner . i just had a long day , and tomorrow will be longer i'm sure , but i was good today , i did all i had ... if i were looking for a stereotypical night in shining armor , i'd think an entj to fearlessly charge into battle to slay the dragon that imprisons . if were looking into a nonfiction i'd probably ... but , what goes around comes around , and as old man time braved murder town , mike , the guy who had stolen the bike , came upon the end of his life . the story goes like this . mike , hadn't always been a ... i'm 16 and from mass have you ever felt like you're losing your creative forces ? jacksonheights i am ! also an enfp . : kitteh : jacksonheights thank you for adding the dominican republic ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtXOVKNazYU the first type i got was entp . i cried for some reason , but i think that it was just going through a phase . hi ! i'm an enfp and i just today discovered that one of my best friends is an istj ... you guys are awesome hands down . i love y'all . i love everyone ! bless you for just being so awesome ! i'm in a ... so many intj's lurking in the enfp forum . i think i'll store that particular piece of information for the future . i'm not interested though , just looking :P 5 ' 1 ' ' female it's funny because in real life intps are usually the ones whom i enjoy cracking open . i get to know you , i discover how awesome you are , and i like you and you like me , we'll establish a tentative ... kanye's stage persona versus who he really is extremely different . i actually don't mind kanye in real life because he has a good cause but his mission is a little unclear , and unfortunately i don't ... well , the few enfps that i have met , have turned out to be very different than me however ... they've been great to talk to . almost as if the entire world is being been through the same lenses that i ... love , cookies , love , cookies , love , hugs , love , hugs , love , hugs , and more . why thank you ! i'm sure istj's are awesome people too ... i meant the ... yep , but i still love y'all . i don't feel like i belong , like i don't fit in anywhere really , like an alien . now , i bend my personality a bit to fit different situations . it's something that i can do , and think that's the reason ... personal definitions morals : they help us interact with society in a positive way . society : the network of communities which composes the ecosystem in which i live in . i : who i am , body , spirit , ... i'd love to hear an answer to this question : tongue : oh ... okay . that was unexpected and someone died ... i still like it though . hehe , i liked it . i hope this doesn't go there i think it will go ... happily ever after for everyone ! that's just an enfp take on things though . it's good for suspense though . i'm at that point in my life when i am afraid that everything i say sounds flirty . it's scary . how do you feel about people who are constantly seeking you out ? i have a infp friend and we're great friends , however i sometimes feel like she's impossible to get to , although she's always there ... personally , i do think that i've been strongly disliked , perhaps not hated but it has been going for so many years that i consider it that . deep seated dislike is something that i've just got used ... never been an outgoing extrovert . i require a lot of me time and being alone is the only way for me to bounce back after being around too many people . hi ! nice to have you on the team ! i don't google anymore ! ! ! i duckduckgo , sorry for being trolly . enfp female upon first interaction would date : estj , esfp , istj , infj , isfj , intp wouldn't date : entj , intj , enfj , enfp after a bit of time would date : intj , intp , entj , infj , isfj wouldn't ... umm , and i though i was a little off . thank you very much for that confession . i can't think of anything right now . does licking my teeth everytime that i see a physically appealing , single , taller , smart looking man count . i also lick my teeth when i see any man that ... thank you for making me happy ! i also like mexican foods and bigger portions . hi evan ! loved the video , when i see it ... i'll watch it now . i like to approach what i don't understand . i use caution , but i do like to play with fire , so as a female enfp i really like to hang out with males . especially quiet brooding ones , happy go lucky ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGPHZwhUVng https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL9cA8rd3tk personally , i can say yes . constantly , because since i'm always studying myself i know all of my weaknesses , and everyday i discover more . i think that when i'm feeling low i tend to focus of the ... who would you like to meet ? past , present , or future anything goes if you have the imagination . ( time machine included ) personally , i would love to meet my future president and have a nice long ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1ngKrtb4SU i give up ! i can't hold out any longer . i love everyone ! free hugs and kisses for everyone . i'm open to interaction , ask me anything , share whatever , let me make you smile today ! that's what i live ... eating tomatoes like apples . i think i'll do that right now actually . also dancing in a dark room , on a table , with only one other person in the room , who has a ring in his finger that matches mine ... '