' you'll be fine . use a master ball . i hear it's guaranteed to catch rare creatures without fail . with intellectual competence ... i do want to be competent in the areas i am interested in . it just so happens that you can apply critical thinking in those areas . i'm inclined to think about ... i don't feel like two separate people , but rather a whole person with different ... shells , i guess ? who i am when i interact with people and who i am when i'm alone is still the same . i just put ... i don't tend to share my feelings with anyone recently . though if i really have to , i would probably approach my two nf friends . they're the ones i'm most comfortable talking to simply because we ... i chose those that best adapt to change , but i could have also picked other . i think one of the most important skills is being able to recognize and maximize your resources , which include ... i think relaxed but on our own terms fits me quite well . i tend to be calm and level-headed , and surprisingly patient . i get lost in my work ( or game ) and just let my thoughts flow . but i don't ... - sometimes people just need someone to listen to them , not give them advice . sitting there silently and not voicing your ' solutions ' makes you feel useless though . - don't assume that people agree ... oh we do . and we find you entp men utterly fascinating . you have us charmed . oh but you always seem so calm and you achieve things and your life is practically perfect anyway . it's like the world doesn't throw shit at you .  ... uh . right . sometimes i think i'm probably ... i realized that i am strangely drawn to this entp ( ? ) friend of mine . he is truly fascinating . i have never wanted to actively be close to someone before . most people just somehow become friends ... nts probably get more credit because the world actively rewards / admires the kind of intelligence nts pride themselves for . exactly . everyone has their strengths and weaknesses , and most of ... whiners come from all types anyway . it's a venting thread . what did you expect ? this happened to me recently , except that instead of being apathetic i played along and flirted back . i mean , we're just kidding around , right ? but no , apparently he actually did like me . it's ... sometimes it might be easier to tell strangers / acquaintances because they won't judge people as friends . this happens to me too . it's probably because i'm the perfect listener . i listen and ask ... general rule : if it makes me think , then i'm more than likely to remember it . there was this guy who loved sending letters to me . i never throw them out , but they were so mushy and cliche that ... wow , this actually struck me . thank you very much ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p_eKV3SzwE small progress is progress . don't give up . oh , only got up to mips so i guess that's why it was bearable for me . it's less of dropping them and more of drifting away . admittedly , i don't make that much of an effort when we drift apart though . and when people drift apart , it's usually because we're too busy to ... unless your first programming language is c . then java becomes a hurdle because you're used to using pointers . ( though once i got the hang of it , it does become easy - though i still prefer c by a ... i have ~ feelings ~ ; does that mean i'm not an intj ? expectations . whether it's from parents , or teachers , or peers , or that social hierarchy thing . i think it's one of the driving forces of high school ; hence why some people feel the need to ... i'm not saying that you shouldn't strive for excellence . by all means , go ahead . what i meant was that perhaps in trying to prepare a lot , it may hinder you from actually doing what you prepared to ... because society operates on the principle that no man is an island . i don't really know how to type characters , but i'll take a guess and say that lelouch vi brittania from code geass looks like an intj . a possibly unhealthy one , though well-intentioned . he exhibits ... how do you decide what to choose , and how long do you take ( both to choose and to realize you already know enough ) ? i think you will never know enough . ever . but i don't think that should stop ... if you have time , mind giving me a spin ? i've been playing a lot of persona lately so the tarot cards have been on my mind a lot . i think it'd be interesting to see how your readings will match up ... perhaps they're not used to the attention ? honestly , i think that's pretty ... normal for the type ? you'll find a lot saying that it's depressing not to have anyone understand them , but curl up ... i can't speak for everyone . but in my case , it's not like it's completely everyone else's problem . i still have trouble articulating some of my thoughts to others in such a way that it will be ... i used to sit in the figure four when i was a kid , but trained myself to sit cross-legged instead because the adults told me i shouldn't sit that way ( it wouldn't look good for a girl to sit like ... 58289 58288 58290 58291 ... this honestly makes me think if i am an nf . hmm . green - yellow - blue - orange . reminds me of disc somewhat . it bothers me that i don't care ' enough ' ( at least , according to some people ) only when the problem could deeply affect those i care about . otherwise , i'm not bothered if the problem only concerns ... hoo boy . not this topic again . i think i'm gonna need more popcorn . i'm starting to wonder if the reason i don't seemingly ' care ' about perceived problems as much as i should is because turning my empathy off is becoming my coping mechanism , or if it's because i ... not necessarily legendary , but you'll be thinking that anyway . : wink : nah , you know how , in pokemon yellow at least , you always see an abra but you can't catch one so easily because it always ... some advice that was also given to me before : i think it's less that you should explain that you're an infj , and more that you should show who you are . the infj title doesn't define you ; yes , it may ... i vote for ne because of the randomness . but there are different kinds of humor ( slapstick , morbid , witty , farcical , etc . ) that i think some functions are better at than others . so to say which one ... go with 16 , 12 , or 23 . not guarantees , but they will increase your chances . grades aren't necessarily a measure of intelligence . some people get by with hard work , or just by following instructions . school isn't there to make you ' smart ' either ; it's to get you educated ... shhh ... that's supposed to be a secret . + 1 i find homemade stuff romantic . i also think organizing a creative scavenger hunt for your lover , or stargazing on the rooftop , is romantic . but ... intj : we're independent thinkers ! science ! infj : we've got super abstract powers that makes us understand everyone ! entp : we're fucking awesome ! and you know it ! every subforum has their own ... i've never really heard of someone losing a friend over not texting back . honestly , i'm the type of person who hardly checks for new text messages . i barely use my phone . there are other ways of ... 1 ) i'm usually the calm one , so i have never been told to ' calm down ' when i talk . no one has ever told me to ' shut up ' either because i'm quite reserved and not that chatty in the first place . you ... are you often jealous of people ? nope . it doesn't happen often . in fact , i can't remember the last time it happened . in what way ? usually it has something to do with the mind ? like the way a ... funny , ' cause i'm starting to underachieve now that i'm in college . although i wouldn't say i exerted that much effort in high school in the first place ( except in physics and chemistry ) , but i ... same . well , i used to ( still am , actually ) fall into existential depression . i got into a little bit of psychology and philosophy ; you know , just searching around the internet out of curiosity . i ... some people find stability and a solid plan ' boring . ' they want an adventure ; they want to venture into the unknown . it could be that they feel restricted when confronted with a plan . they may want ... i think it could go either way . those who subscribe to this theory are either new at cognitive functions and don't understand it , or they have developed their functions a lot to the point where they ... '