thanks for posting tchaikovsky vivid melody . it made me cry , haha . brought up a flash of many good childhood memories . i just about now realized how much my parents contributed to my infj fairyland ... i feel bad :( just plain bad . the weight of the things i still have to do , separation anxiety ( my boyfriend being out every night and i'm staying in , because i have so much to do ) , fear of missing ... i need to work on my constant feelings of resentment towards my partner . he is in this ' i need my freedom ! ' - phase , whereas i am more in a : ' i need some stability ! ' - phase . and now we got a puppy . i ... you are absolutely right of course . i think i just find it hard to see people spiral down and down . i know this guy now for 8 years . at first , i would always listen and - where asked - give advice ... how do you help people who don't want your advice , but seemingly only want to complain about how bad their lives are ? furthermore , how do you deal with your own anger concerning other people not ... i used to totally enjoy dance parties . you could say it doesn't really sound like an introvert activity , but because of the loud music i could safely retreat to my own world without it being noticed ... i know you are not feeling well and therefore you are pushing me and other friends away , but i am not sure you are realising yourself that you are a lot to take . friday you are angry at the world , ... that's an interesting hypothesis too , thanks for sharing . when , do you believe , are people invested enough in their conflict resolution work ? i am just still trying to consolidate the right ... yeah i should've left that out , i understood you perfectly the first time . hence this : later on in the article he states that emotional vampires might attract other emotional vampires , people ... thanks for responding ! could you describe to me what exactly rubbed you the wrong way ? it might be written a bit too bold ... with a bit too much assumptions . i can see that too . ' this is like that and ... dear infjs , how are you today ? i am curious about the following subject : emotional vampires . we all sometimes exhibit emotional vampire-behavior and it's good to be aware of your own ... i suppose my boyfriend is an extj of some sorts .. presumably n ... but a very laid back one at that ;) i always had a hard time typing him , because he is so so so contradictory . he can be very chill ... i'm in love with se https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIiIcd_mx40 don't you forget about me i won't won't tell nobody : strawberry : yeah i know .. maybe we should consider nature vs . nurture ? what do we do because we learned that it's good and what do we do by heart ? this was very blissful and insightful to read haha . one of my best friends is an intp , he is somewhat unhealthy too , he likes to disappear in his ti-world , but i can fe him out again , if you know ... haha , my fellows on the infj forum helped me remember that i am in fact more of an infj ( because of se when stressed out , for instance ) . but indeed , i score high on both ne and ni , both fi and fe ... thanks for replying haha tipsybig & reisiger . it's an existential crisis ! : tongue : i indulge , most defintely haha . i started to think i was an infj in the first place , because i can resemble ... newsflash : i think i might be infp ? ( i am growing up and see certain patterns in my behaviour .. + my friend pointed out to me that i am definitely not a j ... uh oh .. after all these years ! sometimes ... hello there , sorry for the rant in advance . feel free to think with me . i've been typed as an infj for a few years now , but am now considering that i might be infp .. i always knew i was more on ... i don't know how to human . i don't know what is normal . this whole weekend was dedicated to feeling other people's feelings and adjusting my mood , tendencies , rhythm and thoughts to them ( i have ... i am starting to enjoy writing for writing's sake more and more :) i am in a kind of happy mode .. exploring thoughts , music , ideas , researching optimal well being . everybody should write about and ... upset : aloof . i will try to let it seem like i don't care . angry : well .. angry . i have a lot of anger . perhaps it ' my 8 - wing , i hate feeling powerless . it's not a pretty sight when i am rubbed the ... trivial pursuit . ( too much facts ) playing ball games ( i am slightly cross eyed ) i'm glad to read people are keeping their heads cool over here . anxiety is not helping us any further if we cannot do anything about it . sure , if there's a fire in our house or someone you love is in ... i am feeling particularly artsy the last few days . i posted some analogue pictures on instagram and fb and they were highly liked . i think i always had the idea i wasn't creative ( because my ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5OB6UdlR9A&index=51&list=FLymdVcQ2ZcVXBUiV75PIafw aaah the feeling of fresh knowledge . i love discussing topics like hedonism , moralism , life choices , the future with like minded friends . the best feeling is when we both can bring each other new ... uncontrollable rage . vanity . a slight feeling of superiority ( for seeing the greater picture , for being an independent thinker ) . but more so than anything : learned coldness ( dissociating from pain ... hell hath no fury like an entj scorned . my bf has some narcissist tendencies , that are more on the surface when he starts drinking . ' i am the only person who is right and i shall control all ... i'll write an essay for dare devils , living dangerously 101 :d evilish : http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/funny-comics-owlturd-comix-adulthood-life-shenanigansen-26-57d7fe6d9af79__605.jpg haha ;) this resonates with me . i do have a lot of ... i can be heaps of fun , i really love to play . my ' normal ' work mode is pretty serious and philosophical , my ' play ' mode is : ' hey , let's be friends and make the world a playground ! ' , more estp / enfj ... several things ... i am working alone in a hotel room , which is like i am part of some weird movie of sorts . like the movies with a motel somewhere along a desolate road , where dodgy people live for ... who puts me and my feet back on the surface of the earth ? it gets annoying now , since i know this isn't going to lead anywhere . but my brain has taken over . good thing it will diminish in a few ... woops double : bored : i ruin even this haha . i have this weird night time anxiety where it is hard to see what i am worth still . i put every mistake and every worry that i have under a looking glass . i made a spelling mistake in a ( already ... in general i have no idea how to lead my life . challenging my perspectives and myself . i am always always always looking for tools for self improvement . lately i had the idea i was standing still . due to new experiences i am finally growing ... i met a woman at work who checks all the pay checks , does the paper work and all other back office things . we spoke and she told me she identified as an infj . this threw me for a loop haha . she ... why am i always so tired and unsatisfied . i teach people to find what makes them happy ... those who can't do teach . maybe i should spend this evening to leisurely activities . like scanning ... now i have managed a paying job , i'd like to find a nice job with a nice company i am realising that i am starting to sound like a guru . every day it gets a little worse . i am preaching my learned beliefs to people who are not specifically asking for it . i need to be aware of ... i am so stressed aaah oh i hate that i have to wait for 1,5 hour for a call i might not receive what are important values for you in friendships ? maybe it is good to know why you shut down - apparently the other people do not meet your standards , so then i think it is important to know what ... i recognize myself in op's mother . when i make mistakes , i will turn it into a small story to entertain . i like this ' human'-ness in other people too . be yourself , embrace everything , your weaknesses ... you are doing ok along this path : he defined how some of your remarks might feel for him , you can communicate that you never meant it this way . t's and f's frequently but heads as it comes to being ... & scarlet.black , i had it too ! i had a hard time adjusting to college , a new enviroment , getting a few new friends .. studying wasn't what i expected . i had difficulties defining my own rules , ... lol cafetalk . very good that you stood up to your own therapist ( ! ) . i would have thought at least a therapist would understand all of our sensitivites . my father always told me that i was too ...