' doesn't sound like you were ever able to truly be yourself in this relationship . why do you stay in this relationship ? simply because you do not want to hurt him ? care about yourself first ... i think you have to open up to the world in the same way others to do you . it's a trust thing . my enfp sometimes says she feels like she always has to be happy-go-lucky , and when she isn't no one ... good . you probably need it . but how do you think she's feeling right now ? so what does a compromise look like to you ? how do you see ideal happiness achieved ? perhaps take a look at the long-term , big picture . and take a zen approach to the situation - that's an istps best . do you see yourself being happily married to this woman where each of you ... there is so much more to interpersonal compatibility than personality type . it's only a part of the puzzle piece . mbti and socionics are not directly comparable in my experience . although it is interesting how the descriptions of how a type uses each function is comparable to the same type in mbti . since ... useful is relative to what you intend to do with yourself . would you spend time learning latin ? i did well in all my history classes , but i remember very little of it . it was interesting to learn , ... don't you have to prevent others from winning in order to win yourself ? i have seen him typed as intj before . seems to fit . he is an analyst / strategist . not an opportunist like an istp would ... it's one thing to have walls separating you from the rest of the world . it's another to have walls separating you from yourself . the thinking comes naturally . sometimes i have to consciously ... it's only difficult when we don't communicate our thoughts and feelings . when we do , we understand each other perfectly . i even intuitively understand what she needs and wants without her ... i've found it to be more useful than mbti simply because the primary focus is on type interactions , understanding the mechanics of personality theory , how my cognition interacts with another type .  ... funny . after 13 years , he's still unaware and unused to her behavior . : laughing : description of conflict relation . enfj is looking for fe , istps vulnerable function . conflict partners just don't communicate in the same way , they expect something the other doesn't want to give . ... it's interesting , how two of the istps married to enfjs have essentially described their relation of conflict , despite not knowing anything about socionics . you don't speak each other's language - ... learn something useful . that's why everything is boring to you . that's why i've never retained most of the stuff i learned throughout school . istps are concerned with efficiency and ... i value efficiency . but i also don't like the feeling of being frustrated . it's unneeded stress . takes away from my calm state of mind . if there's something i can do to move the situation ... socionics describes the istp / enfj dynamic as relations of conflict . there is a similarity that attracts , and differences that repulse . it's difficult to fully be myself around enfjs , and having to ... enfps are a perfectly strange mix of what i look for in a female . mine is feminine , but not too much . she wants to be seen as pretty , but it's not a priority for her , because she knows there ... she understands his point of view . she can explain the situation , his thought process . does that make him right and her wrong ? both are right , from their own perspective . but that doesn't ... but what about you ? you perceive the problems . he simply refuses to see it in any way other than his own . you can understand his point of view , why can't he see yours ? point that out to him . is ... that is selfish . that's what love is about . giving someone what they need , even if it doesn't make sense to you , even if you wouldn't want it yourself . what does giving to you really take ... sounds like maybe he's keeping you hooked , as a backup . or perhaps he just really enjoyed connecting with you , and wants to keep you as a friend . i'd limit how much energy you give to him . ... this is the same situation i'm currently in , just on the other side . enfp has toned down communications with me , now i'm doing all the work . it's not a natural place for me to be in , so it's very ... this is useful insight . however , my enfp was the one who initiated the communication , and i obliged since i enjoyed maintaining and strengthening the connection between us . and when she was ... i didn't perceive the question as having to do with how decisions are made or how we feel . but my body is a machine . it's predictable and limited in movement and capabilities . i feel best when ... my intuition is weak . and it's secondary to sensing . and it works in the opposite direction as yours - your ne vs my ni . so while your ne is going wild with big picture possibilities , my ni is ... she keeps saying we need to figure out what we want . i was confused by that because in my mind i'm wondering what can we have that we don't have already ? i think it's an issue of her not ... work is making myself useful , to myself and the world around me , while being as efficient as possible . proudly cut many corners . i need to put my highest self into everything i do , whether it's a ... yes , it took me days to realize that , meditating to clear heart and mind . at first i took it as rejection , i was hurt and angry . but it's just her way of making me decide and go after what i want . ... i can in a sense . my body is a biological machine to be studied and understood , maintained and tuned , like all the other machines in my life . i enjoy moving in my body . the feeling of inner ... i've experienced semi-duality with a close entp friend . it was always a mentally stimulating interaction - i needed ne from him , he needed si from me . but we annoyed each other just as much as ... this is something that you should just know ! : laughing : come on , you're good at seeing the big picture . so here you have a person who has basically never shared their inner self with anyone in ... fear of manipulation , loss of control of our emotions , rationality being overwhelmed , that you will take what you want , and leave a mess when you're done . we must trust that you can see the ... i've told her that . she knows how i feel without me saying it . she can read me in a way that's scary . all this is making my head spin . i'm just going to float for a while and see where i end ... bonds can be rebuilt . perhaps it's important to analyze relationships and obligations in terms of need . what do i need ? what is holding me back from figuring out what i want ? i don't think it's ... ok , so this is all the same stuff that's frustrating me . i look at things realistically . if a relationship status is defined , what changes ? we spend more time together ? we already spend as ... absolutely not . but you're right in a way . if she's always telling me what she wants and needs , how does she know what i'm giving is truly coming from me ? a part of me wants to tell her that ... it's not hard looking back after it's done . but it's hard understanding what she needs to hear from me , and what i have to say . she never told me what she needed . we were both upset , and in trying ... it wasn't really hard , because it was something i ultimately wanted to do . it only seems difficult in the mind because we have the perception of vulnerability . we lay something on the table and ... you need to make your wants and needs known to him . if he cares , then he will do what he can to accommodate these . if he continues to seem like he doesn't care about your wants and needs , then ... entp is the infantile , isfp is the caretaker . in the theory of duality , an entp is seeking help with si - feeding himself , taking care of his daily needs , physical health , pleasant sensations ... i playfully tease my enfp friend when i'm in a giddy mood . but it's always about things she does , has , says , that i think are cute . she's kinda crazy , so i'm intrigued by her . we both laugh about ... perhaps you should stop thinking of her in terms of need . if you don't need her , then you have no regrets losing her . a partner is not someone to be owned . take care of yourself . improve ... i think she loves and cares about you . that's likely why she bought you gifts . but in no way does that mean either of you are good for each other in a relationship . a healthy relationship can ... that could be true . however , i would think that other's perception of us is likely much more objective than our own perception of ourselves . like if you were to watch a video of yourself , you ... perhaps instead of focusing so much on her , why don't you focus on your own needs ? are you in this relationship because you want to be with her or you need to be with her ? is this interaction ... likeness eventually gets boring . but it's useful as well . relating and being understood effortlessly . speaking the same language . connecting to similar people with different life experience . i think that is relative to the topic . i certainly relate to it . if someone reaches out to me , perhaps based on feelings they think they perceive from me , my rationale is that i have no ... i admire people with art on their bodies . i'm just not sure what i could ever commit to having permanently on my body . it would have to be incredibly meaningful and personal , at an important ... '