' i'm with you guys ... trying to figure it out too . it's just been like 5 or 6 weeks or something and we still live together so it's full of suck . sent from my sm-g 360p using tapatalk i think all the idealists have this issue to a degree . no one can really measure up to the imagined ideal relationship that lives in our heads . sent from my sm-g 360p using tapatalk communication for real ... the most important thing . if you're worn out after work and need to recharge say that ... if you disappear your enfp might take it personally . lots of things like that ... enfps ... i don't think so at all . sent from my sm-g 360p using tapatalk i can't figure out how to edit . i didn't put much thought into the above ... isfj and esfj would probably bit work at all romantically actually . so nevermind that . sent from my sm-g 360p using ... i'm an enfp and my 3 best relationships were istj , enfp and infp . the istj worked very well for a very long time , the enfp didn't last as long as we would've liked and the infp was second longest ... yes ! sounds like so much fun ! sent from my sm-g 360p using tapatalk who says were known to be cheaters ! ? that's just not true . i thought zooey was an intp . i don't feel weird anymore now that i'm older either . a hairy unattractive smelly guy ? haha uh ... no thanks . i'm not grumpy . i sometimes feel like i can't be bothered but it's really not the same . painfully sx / sp here too yes i feel that way and have most of my adult life and it sucks . thankfully , i feel that deep soul connection with my family and my bf . and i'm sx which just makes it worse is it just me or are people being kinda hostile in this thread ? shush girlie ! i'm going through a break up here . i can be all dramatic about it if i wanna be ! :p no really ... talking about the differences is sorta what any typological conversation is without ... okay my phone is irritating me . that was spazziness not spazzing and my phone won't let me edit . it's being crazy ! and yes ! all enfps are bisexual ! haha or maybe not but it seems that way most of the ... i should clarify that i say that as a total bisexual gay friendly non homophobe sort of way . yeah i don't know i monitor myself too . i feel like i became aware if my inherent spazzing as a teenager and decided it was annoying so i've developed a more subdued approach but on the inside i'm a ... ha i have met a few . feels silly to talk about since i totally don't give a shit . but i met owen and luke wilson at a nightclub in dallas . met and hung out with for hours actually gary buscey at ... yeah i'm a seven that's probably why miss thang likes to hide . just read your deal and i'm not claiming the intensity of love is just based in whatever they're coining as romantic love . i think an sx loves differently and it's stronger than some temporary ... you really should never claim certainty for what someone else feels . i don't think sx ness is the norm . it's probably sort of rare . all sorts of spiritual , ethical or humanitarian types of things . you and yours ? edit : haha ! iphone typo haha ( fixed ) ya know ... i totally do but honestly haven't seen her in awhile she sits mute and disappointed that no one wants to amuse her lately . yes for sure . im very n and have a hard time staying in the moment unless its full of passion . the biggest turn on for me is the feeling of both of us needing each other . like right fucking ... and ... i was married for 13 years i know what romantic love entails and no it doesn't just last a year . but thanks for the attempt to school me . haha ! ! in the eneagram . the instinctual stackings sx sp so ya know ? um ... i'm an enfp i think i got it haha a road trip with a few friends or maybe going out to comedy club or an amusement park or a sleepover like a bunch of 16 yr olds ... just something different with lots if laughs preferable cocktails ... fuck no . what an odd random question . money is one of those worldy things that don't factor at all to me . money has no power to influence my feelings towards someone . yes it does ! thank you for noticing ! haha its like feeling you're always caring more about everyone else than they do you ... like it will wreck your whole world if they're no longer apart of it ... i know ... i just cannot comprehend someone saying they love you when it's not this way . what is that kind of love ? it seems empty ... like a lie ... i've found that this is the single most difficult aspect of my relationships . as an sx my love is transcendent . deeper and more powerful than any bs worldy thing . i seem to keep ending up in ... funny so many mentioned twinkly eyes . i've been told i have them my whole life ... weird ... i mean just the very idea of it is weird ... it's just some inner expressiveness of how we're feeling i think ... hastily ... haha no idk ... i think things to death an explore every possible outcome or side and then hesitate ... think it to death some more ... but if i'm pressed i just pick something and hope ... yeah you do sound like an enfp . i don't talk to everyone all the time at all either ... i can be just fine not talking to people at all ... i only say things when i feel like it . your thread is sooo nfp ! ! :D i'm confused ... how does it work with an sx with an so ? im working on it ... but yeah to be a very well paid photographer that only works about 1 day a week and goes to awesome locations for destination weddings too . i would like to travel a lot more ... are you kidding me ! ? how could you not cry at that ! ? not just lil soft tears ... it completely wrecked me . i was a big blubbering mess . almost everytime i've become instant friends with someone they've turned out to be enfp . i adore the ones i've known . i'm totally committed to improving my life and relationships with people this year . i want to keep in contact with my friends that i moved away from and make some new ones here . i plan on creating ... i think that sort of concern is in the realm of so which i am not . my bf is and concerns himself with such things often . i know that i can be awkward and have on occasion embarrassed myself a bit ... i didn't watch the whole thing but watched long enough to form an opinion haha i think enfp definitely not infp would buy istj before infp istjs are way too secure in their competency to ... you don't get married because you think it fits your life plan ... you don't get married because he's a good guy ... you get married because you never want to be with anyone else ... because you can't ... not sure how well those who've posted understand enfps :/ enfps don't care enough to ask this sort of question ? are you serious ? we change friends every couple months ? wtbh im an enfp ... was thinking of posting this thread just a few min ago ! i plan to become a self disciplined enfp ... to learn to work as much as i play ... to do something everyday to better myself ... wealth health ... infps are total kitty cats tho enfps are puppies all in your face askin for love and playtime and you guys are all laid back chillin deciding rather or not to allow us to touch you . ha ... mbti type : enfp subtype : pnfe enneagram type : 7w6 sx / sp enneagram tritype : i don't know if i remember ... 729 ? ? maybe ? ? socionics type : can't remember ... zodiac : sun-cancer , moon - aquarius , ... '