' . thank you for your reply , greenstone ! yes , i imagine she is dealing with quite a bit right now in regards to her sexuality ( she's also stressing about other issues and i can tell it brings her ... i don't hand out compliments lightly . when someone asks for a compliment , i'll give some offhand comment to avoid being rude but they'll probably be able to tell that it isn't genuine . other than ... hello to you infjs out there . i posted the above ( i've put it in the spoiler tag ) a few months ago and wanted to update with more questions . i'll format this post as a list of events that happened ... perhaps a white mug that said intj somewhere in size 2 font . d4p sereneone hiraeth thanks for posting . i also realise that i am putting way too much thought and effort into this infj that i know . perhaps her shift in behaviour was due to my eagerness to be ... i prefer to just stay in my room and quietly recover with a book , movie , and soup . i wouldn't mind if a close friend were to stay nearby just in case i take a turn for the worse . would i like ... yep . and yep . betrayal pisses me off quite a lot . i also don't like it when people ask for my opinion only to completely disregard it ( or worse , not even listen to it ) . oh , and using me as ... :) :D :) :| :( D: fair enough point to make . i fear over-analysing her actions then making biased interpretations . do i still try to be friends ? or do i drop that as well ? i am interested in an infj ( the relationship does not have to reach a romantic level and can stay platonic ) but i cannot figure out if she can even tolerate me . here are some things i have noticed : ... this is adorable . : blushed : unfortunately , i haven't found a meaning for my name yet . to this day i still believe my parents just bashed on a keyboard and found a somewhat intelligible string of letters amongst the gibberish . oh man i've been waiting for that game for a long time ! i haven't finished the first two games yet though so i'll have to wait . at least it'll be cheaper by the time i finish the other two .   ... ): :( itsmyhead beautiful song to fall asleep to . sweet dreams ! have yourself a good night's rest . playing some dota 2 then i'm off to bed . which witch witched with which that witches witched with ? i meant bleach as in cleansing . if wanted to burn my eyes i can just walk up to a mirror . :') well goodnight to you too , clyme . finally friday in about ten minutes ! enjoy your weekend . :D i just feel like smiling now , haha . i'll have this thread bookmarked as eye bleach . yes , wonderful place to get a good laugh and a good place to play troll or tumblrina ? on the same vein , this makes me laugh whenever i see it . http://i.imgur.com/fkqJt1P.jpg unless you catch me alone and / or deep in thought you might not be able to tell that i'm an intj at first glance . you'll still be able to sense my reservation and my somewhat naive awkwardness . i ... as an intj with a couple of intj friends , i agree with redifining cool when he says that her behaviour is very strange . i believe that intjs will terminate a relationship at any hint of disaster ... welcome to the forums and enjoy your stay ! feel free to vent and i might even chime in from time to time . ( i'm not very good at giving emotional support / advice but i'll try ) sorry , i can't help but have that effect on people . ;) er ... at least on the ones who don't get scared off by my seriousness ... or my humour ... or my hermit-like tendencies ... wait , are you and ... i'm screencapping this and keeping it in my fuzzywarm folder . first i have to make a fuzzywarm folder ... pfft baby i know . ;) but really , thanks for going out of your way to say something nice . i appreciate it . i'd also like to say something to the other female intjs out there too . you guys ... around midnight friend : your phone better be on airplane mode otherwise this text is gonna make your plane crash . me : i can see the headlines now . me : my flight was actually delayed by an hour ... moved out of vancouver a few years ago but it's still home . i'm visiting two months from now and i can't wait . i loved discussing tlou with my friend who didn't just go joel just sacrificed all of humanity over one girl . dumbass ... and concluded that it was a bad game . i kinda feel sorry for the people who ... hm , terribly sorry since i seemed to have thought this was a different thread at the time . i was guessing based on the avi . m ( _ _ ) m since lassie didn't post her own video i'll just go ahead and ... intj 4/10 pretty much everyone who's met or heard of me remembers me . i have familiarised myself with certain groups to the point where i can just sit down with them and join in their ... haha a chatroom would be awesome ! i can just see all the crazy shenanigans that would go about . welcome to the forums xeno and enjoy your stay . :) hm , this is pretty much me right now as well . minus the feeling happy about not caring about anything part . in those periods of silence between the two of you did you just start building your so ... isfp ? nope , one letter off . hm , i have only gotten to know one infp so i don't think i can properly criticise your type but here's what i know : as i was getting to know this infp i noticed that she would avoid conflict and i ... considering the fact that the infp type is the first one i'm going to observe here in the forums i might see you often , haha . i guess we'll have to accept the fact that our backlogs will never be cleared ; _ ; an overall favourite is difficult for me to choose . these would be the most memorable ones : most tears : ... http://i.imgur.com/uS8Tq0I.jpg really , thank you for your advice and for lending me help , i will keep all of it in mind . hm , from this season i'm watching akame ga kill , ookami shoujo to kuro ouji , and grisaia . there are some ... hey everyone ! i'm not really new to the ideas of mbti , enneagrams , socionics but i find myself lacking in the understanding of the different types out there that are apart from my own and a select ... woah , good on you ! i'd like to think actually coming out would be the worst of it but it seems that it'll take a while for things to stabilise for you ? good luck with everything and know that there's ... did somebody say anime nerd ? looks like we should be friends ! are you watching anything from this season's lineup ? welcome to the forums btw :) i have yet to create my own intro thread so it's quite ... final fantasy xiii - 2 i've been stuck at the final boss for a while now . i can't wait to start playing lightning returns . <3 i think incest is okay . yeah yeah , inbreeding can potentially ruin the human race but , hey , so what ? everything's going downhill anyway . what i'm saying is illogical but we're talking about love ... having conflicting emotions of restlessness must be tough . on the other hand it's really nice to have the courage to venture out into the world . sometimes i just want to be a wanderer . haha , now i'm ... hm , is your husband my father ? he's constantly working then he'll lash out on his wife and children later . he says that he's going to die from a heart attack under all the stress . as you said , ... aw shucks . thank you and keep bringing in the love . :) '