' isfj tmlt be a drama queen ? everyone needs to socialize to an extent , even introverts can have that urge . the difference is that after a while socializing becomes exhausting , and we wonder why did i even go out tonight ... sometimes i fantasize about living in a cave . i love hugs . i've already masturbated to a differential equation . i have a love / hate relationship with my brain . i love almost everyone i know . usually i'm kinda down around 6-7 pm , otherwise my state doesn't really change during the day or at night . same thing happens to me , music helps me focusing . if there's silence i just get out of the place to go inside my mind and i can spend hours doing nothing productive because of that . however if ... haha , happy to see that i'm not the only one with obsessions during childhood ! mine were : - egyptian culture and language ( age 6-8 ) - prehistory ( age 8) - astronomy ( age 8-9 ) - animals ( 9-10 ) ... one thing for sure is neither intp nor istp , inferior fe really doesn't help in that regard . intp , probably maths & physics ( or chemistry ) . first of all , thank you very much for posting this . i think i feel the same as you do toward relationships , maybe one day i'll have one but as of today it just doesn't feel natural at all . plus i ... i often feel like that too , and i don't know why . small talk really makes me cringe sometimes and even if i put a lot of effort into the conversation it's extremely uncomfortable . i think it has ... internet device is all that i need . i just thought it was fun . :p http://www.buzzfeed.com/kristinchirico/problems-all-people-who-hate-feelings-will-understand i find this quite accurate . the logical decision here would be to go home and work / sleep , even if you don't feel like doing so once you're there . going out or playing video games while thinking that sleeping would be more ... he violated the trust , not you . the problem is his , not yours . i'd say it's definitely better to let go . he cannot hurt anyone but himself with his behavior so there's not really any reason for ... i've recently realized that i can have physical symptoms when i'm interacting with people for too long . it's not just a mental shutdown , i really feel the need to be by myself sometimes and it's ... things are just what they are , they don't have any emotion / judgment attached to them . you can't control other people's thoughts , and have no real interest in doing so anyway . if small talk annoys you and you don't need it for a particular purpose ( business / work ) then don't worry about it , don't make efforts . some people assume that everybody likes and is at ease with ... sounds like si to me , although you managed to direct it only on the stuff you really care about . or maybe you just like to be confortable with what you use everyday and don't want to make the effort ... memory is related to your brain plasticity , not your personality . i don't think we can say that one type usually has a better memory than another one . it is often said that si users have the best ... my mother is an istj too . she's extremely honest at all times with her opinions , what she says , what she does ... she'll never hide anything or lie to anyone . also she's probably the most organized ... you say you used to think that way ( strong emotions = stupid ) as a teenager , when did it stop ? because i have serious issues about it . as scientiaomnisest said , i can see quite clearly what a person ... because thinking about the past is only useful to avoid doing the same mistakes over and over again , past is like a book full of lessons and it wouldn't make sense to put all your energy in this ... i've realized that it is absurd to react emotionally to the things that happen to us or to someone else , because if you apply reason to the situation there is no point in being surprised , afraid or ... mbti tests and types descriptions can be quite vague and even differ depending on where you found them . have you tried reading about the cognitive functions only ? maybe it'll be easier for you to ... you can't change your mother , but you can change how you perceive her . try understanding her , why does she act like this with you ? once you get the reasons behind her behavior , you can try telling ... sometimes i fantasize about living in a cave . i think i could last for months theoretically , but it's basically impossible due to compulsory human interaction like class , family , people in ... i love math ( although i'm really not the best at it ... ) and science , as well as philosophy . i think the intp brain is wired to reason in a mathematical way , regardless of the interest for math ... i think that's an extremely accurate description of the different way we process things . also one of the main difference in our observable behavior is how we look when we're around people and when ... i too thought i could be a feeler due to a supposedly strong fe , like you i prefer to think about what i'm going to say and can be very careful about not hurting people . however this is an immature ... small talk is exhausting . period . seriously unless you genuinely want to be good at it for any personal reason , i'd suggest not to make any effort about it . people see when you're not natural and ... hi , i'd just like to clarify some stuff . : wink : first , i don't think there is any sort of link between disorders and some personality types . the symptoms you have listed may correspond to the ... haha i laughed when i saw the thread title . why are you embarrassed of staying at home all day ? sometimes i act like an extravert and go to parties and occasionally even do group activities but i ... all right then it's a bit more complicated than i had expected it to be :p . first of all , istp don't have a strong ni they have a strong se , but it doesn't seem to be the case for you so let's cross ... from what you're writing , i'd go with intp . you say you have these eureka moments but that's ni , not ne . i just wanted to correct that . anyway , if you're intp you don't have to be detached , we're ... how can you have so many phobias ? : wink : i'd say two : people and insects that can sting you . sometimes they're the same . beware . 1 . remain calm and tactful no matter what happens . anger is the biggest weakness and will bring misery to you and those around you . i think you can say someone is strong not when they strike back ... i don't know about your coworkers or why you have trouble getting along with them , but in a general way i would advise you to try to make the situation better . i know this is hard but try to ... i care too much about harmony to create a world war , no matter how hard it is for me to admit it ... this post is so intj it hurts . : wink : it goes like this for me quite often . do you have any idea where this might come from ? i love reading , whether it's articles on the internet or in scientific magazines , or books . the problem with books is that i often quit reading them due to my mind wandering off , extrapolating a ... glad to see intps are getting the most votes for now . my brother is an istp and sometimes he tries to say something at a family diner for example and our parents are like wat . and usually i get ... haha yeah i definitely do that too . most of the time i wake up when my reasoning in the dream is becoming waaay too weird and random . i usually need around 1 hour to fall asleep , it's like i'm ... this . i love your quote about entps , i can definitely relate . love them but sometimes i'm just like i need to be alone , go explain your random new ideas to someone else . unfortunately it's not a sustainable way of living in my opinion . your body will adapt to pretty much any sleep schedule that you do , including non-existent ones so it's not a big problem ... i'll let them sit and try to be nice with them . i may be holding a small grudge but i won't show it . almost nothing is worth a conflict , at least with a friend . as martin luther king jr . said : ... i act very rarely on what i feel , and 99 % of the time i ask myself does it make sense ? before acting . if i can't find any logical reasoning in what i'm about to say or do then i won't do it . i ... there are indeed pretty rare , or at least appear to be . i'd say john nash too , peter parker and maybe donnie darko . although john nash is not a fictional character so i guess that doesn't really ... constantly analyzing everything that we do or that is happening around us is the main problem , i think . almost nothing is made to be 100 % rationalized in this world , and that's probably why we ( or at ... '