' haha , it seems as though we have almost the exact same things listed in our negatives . it'll be interesting to see if the experiences of other people remain pretty similar . ( warning : i'm probably going to ramble on a bit about my own experience , but it should , hopefully , show you the side of another infj romantically involved with an estj ) so , i'm actually seeing ... i think that almost everything can be beautiful if you look at it from a certain angle . yeah , i do find sadness beautiful . without sadness , there wouldn't be happiness ; without stress , there wouldn't ... 1 . happy are you ? 10 :) 2 . socially skilled are you ? 7.5 3 . lazy are you ? 7 4 . emotional are you ? 7 5 . book smart are you ? 8 if i had to choose an era , it would definitely be the modern era ( aka 1946 - present ) . i love all the change and growth that we , as first world countries , have experienced , during this time period . to ... personally , i'm not religious ; however , it's something i think about on a regular basis . i guess , i technically consider myself agnostic because i believe in the possibility of god ( s ) / goddess ( es ) ... 6003760038 yikes , this is me , hahaha ... once i have alcohol , you better run . the frenzy of hugging and telling you that i love you more than anything in the world , begins . then , i move onto the next person and ... to be honest , yes , it does get tiring . but , we continue to do it anyway because we love to see people grow and be the best that they can be . i get upset with someone because i feel like i was taken ... 64 , as well :) i agree with entp . your post shouts ne , very loud . there's also a pretty heavy ti presence . inferior fe seems present , as well . so , entp would be my first impression , but you could be intp , as well ... nobody ? :( :( :( anyone :( ? 1 . what are 5 key qualities about you , and what is each of their direct opposites ? i'm helpful . the opposite of that would be disengaged . i'm intelligent . the opposite of that would be ... so , lately , i've been having a lot of problems in my personal life , with someone that is close to me , my mother . i've had problems dealing with her since i was a young kid , and it's starting to get ... um ... yes , i'm aware that norms change , but , no , they don't change faster than subjective values . norms change a lot slower than subjective values . if you have subjective values , you're constantly ... hence , if an fi is constantly changing their views based on new information they are more likely to first analyze the information and see where it comes from . if it makes sense to them , then they ... this is based on the fe function , please read it : an individual of this type really only sees himself and his own life as reflected in his relationships with other people and in their opinions of ... i'm gonna go out on a limb and say infp . all of this screams fi to me . first of all with # 4 , most ti-fe or fe-ti users will try to convince others of their views . however , fi-te ( or vice-versa ) users ... i'm almost positive that you're enfp . scotch - irish , english , hungarian , french , german , swedish , ukrainian , dutch , and almost everything else european . however , i am mostly hungarian and scotch - irish . i tend to identify as ethnically ... i'm sort of leaning toward enfj now ... hmmm ... does anybody else have any other opinions ? yeah , exactly . i think that if i was an si-dom , i would have a lot of trouble moving on . plus , i really don't think i am a heavy si - user at all . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i've been unsure for a while now . i've been typed as various different things ( as you've probably seen through this thread ) , which ... yeah , i'm much more the first example rather than the second . i also never said that i'm who i am because of my circumstances , either . i merely pointed out the fact that i have cptsd ( a mental ... thanks . what i score highest in varies based on my mood , considering as i said , my subconscious plays around with the results a bit haha . so , therefore , i've scored high on almost everything ... actually , it largely depends on the person and event as to how ptsd affects a person . also , i mostly do have an in the moment , and get over it , attitude . i hate when people draw on their past to ... what exactly do you mean by , what mechanism you are doing behind the scenes ? i assume at this point that you're thinking enfj ? i thought at one point that i could be intp . however , at this point , i've pretty much thought about being everything haha ! i also could be fj or tp ; however , most people seem to think that i display ... first off , i realize that i'm typed as infp ; however , i'm once again starting to doubt my type . i've been typed as enfj , infj , entp , intj , and , obviously , infp before . let me know what you think ... i laughed . i thought it was quite funny . i really didn't feel bad for the potato , considering at that point it was already dead after being picked . i then start to think it was stupid that a potato ... if i had children in the future , the first thing i would want to teach them is tolerance . i would want them to see everyone as equal to one another and that everyone has the right to make the choices ... yeah , i tend to obsess over something for a while and then move onto something else . as you said , when i'm interested in someone , i'll learn everything about them . i do this with just about ... i sort of have two : tongue : . i love my quotes : kitteh : . never be bullied into silence . never allow yourself to be made a victim . accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . - harvey ... your friend needs to stop reading into the souls of us infps . lol . i just finished polishing the wooden chairs in my living room ; it's been a whole week since i last did so . now , i just have to finish reading that book on thermodynamics , and their role in the field ... for a long time , i thought of myself as libertarian . however , as i get older , i lean more and more toward the liberal ideology . however , i still disagree with many liberal ideas and / or policies . for ... no , not really . i was never mean to the woman , nor was i rude to her . when i said what she acted like , i was merely stating that on the basis of her behavior and attitude . also , i obviously don't ... apparently i'm hard to read . my best friend for the past six years told me the other day that she really doesn't know that much about me . however , i know almost everything about her . at that point , i ... sometimes , i really hate people ... especially stupid women on buses who are rude and try to take advantage of the system ... if you want my seat , just ask nicely . don't rudely say , you realize these ... i'm so confused right now ... why do some relationships have to be so confusing ? :/ . i was a weird little child . by the age of 1 , before i could completely talk , i learned how to go to the vcr . so , according to my father , i used to go to the vcr and bang on it to get someone to come ... you make a living by what you earn ; you make a life by what you give . - - winston churchill judging a person doesn't define who they are ; it defines who you are . - - “ judge not , that you be not ... - most people think that i'm cold and completely logical unless they really get to know me . - i actually am pretty logical about most things ... - when i get too comfortable around people i speak ... dating people really sucks :/ . you date someone for two months and start to feel something for them , and then they turn around and begin randomly ignoring you ( assumingly as their method of breaking ... i'm actually thought of as older , normally . i remember when i was in high school that a teacher told me , there has never been someone your age who i can talk to as if they are 60 , besides you . i'm ... to tell you the truth , i used to be pretty judgmental of people when i was younger . however , as i age , i realize that judgment only produces negativity , rather than positivity . that being said , i'm ... when you stare up at the stars , pondering about all the quandaries of life . then you start thinking about why you're pondering about the quandaries of life . then you start thinking about other ... this did . plus all the comments about helping other people . so , based on that i just assumed that you like to help people because you want to leave an impact and be remembered . not sure if that's ... 3635736358 '