' i would answer your questions but i don't know my type . :( help me the smell of freshly roasted , freshly ground coffee is absolutely wonderful . a joy in life . sent from my iphone using tapatalk how do you expect me to gain respect without wearing these shoes ? money can buy everything but happiness . that sounds pretty good to me . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk i want the money , money and the cars cars and the clothes , the hos i suppose i just wanna be , i just wanna be successful sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk temporarily extroverted ? am i right ? it seems like alcohol makes introverts more chatty . opps . i should have read more than just the title of the thread . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk intellectually giving chaos to order is much more fulfilling . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk you're saying you want to regulate ' muurican capitalism ? well i just ain't hearin ' it . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk how do you exercise your enneagram 8 - ness if you're just a lowly mechanic ? you need to control people sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk wahahaha sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk how could you not like it ? you and elsa have the same personality type . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk i'm glad i could bring this thread to the next level . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk not really to be know as intimidating but to have that demeanor in certain situations . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk but i would say that entps can be intimidating if acting in such a manner would be beneficial to him / her . i can definitely channel my inner j-ness and have that attitude for a while . maybe that's ... so your saying that an intp would sit around and do the second option and entjs and intjs would do the first thing ? sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk the horse that they are discussing comes from the fable of plato's horse . in the story , these guys are fighting over how many teeth a horse has . some of the men give their opinion and back it up ... myah marie doesn't sing everything for britney ! only some stuff . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk britney spears isn't a bad singer . sent from my htc 6525lvw using tapatalk one would assume that the entj would be the most intimidating . they're given that commander stereotype and i would assume that extroverted people are often more intimidating but i could be wrong . are ... it would be interesting to experience it but the chance of becoming addicted would keep me from trying any drugs . you would think that entps would be able to see the future consequences of drug use . ... embrace your sadness . brood until you can't brood anymore . the night is darkest right before dawn . i think i saw that on an inspirational poster . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i guess having a big p-ness isn't always great . find a girl who can take it all . sent from my iphone using tapatalk what caused you to get spiritual ? i'm just curious . sent from my iphone using tapatalk sometimes i wonder if my p-ness is even there . sent from my iphone using tapatalk even worse than just asking random questions is asking questions about boring crap that idgaf about like laundry , clothes , chores , and basically the entire real world . sent from my iphone using ... i think that entps share a desire for self growth and development . we can get lost in our ways though and not see some areas where we need change . i would take a gander and say that intuitive types ... these women who want damaged men usually want emotionally damaged men . you forgot to enunciate the words as you rubbed the crystal ball . i went to endless love and winter's bone with my mom and sister . endless love was incredibly cliche and stupid . winter's bone was really different than what i expected . it was actually really ... how was that not offensive ? i'm gonna start bawling :'( i've noticed that a lot of these cruddy romance / love movies that come out for valentines day have these overly emotional / feeling type of guys . i'm sure that it appeals to what women think they want ... '