' thanks for sharing your experiences :) i am certainly not saying forms of therapy other than depth psychotherapy have less significance in general . i think many people with psychological issues ... it is odd because it contrasts with my experience :) i don't think 5s or any other type are so introverted that while they are actually the 3rd most common type ( acc . to the stats you quoted ) , ... i certainly put my impressionistic understanding above the statistics here . to say that type 5 is more common than type 1 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 and 9 seems really odd . have you been to therapy ? by therapy , i mean long-term , depth psychotherapy - inclusive of psychodynamic , humanistic , existential and jungian therapies . the other kinds of therapy , i feel , do not ... shark , i'd say the same to this as i did to kaleidoscope . if they were equally distributed across the population , we would know an equal number of each type , roughly speaking . as for areas - if ... what work do you do ? i want to get there :D if types 4 , 5 ( not sure about 8 and 9 ) are not rare , we should know as many people of these types as types 2 , 3 , 7 , and 6 - right ? from my experience and apparently , the experience of others who ... ( deleted ) going by personal experience , i would say that type 5 is the rarest type to find . next would be 4 , then 9 . i'm 28 and i've known the enneagram for 10 years . i'm a 4w5 and i have never met someone ... 63162 i often get told how i look different . the adjectives people use for my facial expression are - poker faced , deep , very serious , calm , detached , distant - in an alternate world . the facial ... i am studying psychology , and the more i read about the psychodynamics of the schizoid personality , the more i find it fits me - introversion , detachment , interest in spiritual / philosophical ... is isolation a theme for us infps ? i find myself often feeling unable to connect with many people , even friends i've known for years . i see myself withdrawing because those others don't really ... not at all . i feel stuck in darkness , and it's been this way for at least 2 and a half years . i'm going to therapy and i hope that helps . i need to look for a job but am not really doing much about ... when i meet people anew , specially in a new class , or workplace , or something , i am often asked this question . recently i joined a class where everyone quite younger than me , and i don't quite feel ... infps , has anyone told you that you have a blank expression on your face , that you are poker-faced ? i've been considering being a psychotherapist , and one of the things that makes me go against ... do infps have serious issues with anger ? in my teens , i would rarely get angry at people and when i did , i found it hard to express my anger at them if i didn't know them closely . but for those i was ... thanks ! i think i use my ne quite a bit , and decently , so that's not really a problem . i think i understand what you say about developing your weaker functions ' backed up ' by your strong ... what is the relationship between one's primary jungian type and personal growth ? when i look back at my life , i see that my talents and joys are something i owe to my type - introverted feeling ... how would infps fare as journalists ? i worked as a reporter for a magazine on education once , for a little less than a year . i enjoyed the writing bit , and the fact that we were a small team ... i too find both these fields quite exciting and am planning to study psychology . what do you think in the infp makes him ( or her ) a healer ? i think it is the introverted feeling , which can ... infps are often described as artistic . i don't consider myself an artist , but i have a strong interest in art - cinema , poetry , music , especially classical music , and so on . i often sing and ... what am i meant to do , why am i here , what is my true self ? infps deal with these questions the most , i suppose , although it is really a question fundamental to all human beings does a calling ... you seem to have had a bitter experience , sort of . i think all 4 things you point out are really fe - incredibly nurturing , social butterflies in a way that feels superficial to infps , people ... thanks ! i wish some more enfjs or infps would comment on this . so far the results say about 50 % are in their teens i'm 27 . my impression is that most of the members here would be in their late teens or early twenties . i used to frequent such forums in my late teens . i used to do it to get a better ... :) have any infps here been in close relationships with enfjs ? this january , i started one of the most important and intimate relationships of my life - i entered therapy with a psychoanalytic ... :) ... you are welcome that actual disorders are only treated by psychiatrists - this is not true , as i said above . but , i would say that statistically , if someone is slitting their wrists , ... well , often you know what you deeply want , but you aren't sure if that is just a sentimental choice that you will regret later . sometimes being practical is better for your own long term happiness . one addition - i know that in the past in the us , you had to have a medical degree to train as a psychoanalyst . my impression is that this is no longer the case , but do make sure . check with the ... i would rethink what you say about psychiatrists seeing people with ' real disorders ' and psychologists not seeing such people . i think psychologists also treat people with real ' disorders ' , which may ... might infps be the most indecisive type ? i know that as an introverted feeler , my inferior function is extroverted thinking , which is central to deciding things , implementing them , and in ... so you mean introverted feeling , and introverted feeling combined with extraverted intuition , are neurotic characteristics ? defining neuroticism is complicated , but i would think that all types ... this is interesting . i think jung associated feeling specifically with women , and not just with femininity . i do think it is possible that at jung's time it was women who ended up being introverted ... how did you discover your type ? i am 27 now . i have been interested in mbti and jungian types since i was 17 , off and on . however , it is only in the last 3 months or so that i feel certain that i ... i am an infp and i find myself to be rather androgynous . i am a male but i am not very masculine , but not exactly effeminate either . my estp , uber-masculine friend and i are a quite a contrast ... this is an extension of the thread i started about infps and philosophy . i've always had an ambivalent relationship to academia . i love reading , and my room is full of books - mostly on religion ... how does one come to be the type one is ? is it a result of the experiences one has as a child ? or is one born with it - not meaning that type is in one's genes , but in an eastern ... i wonder what the attitude of infps to studying philosophy is . throughout my childhood and teens , i was always called ' the philosophical type ' by family . the little glimpses i had of the buddha , ... thanks , both for your replies . that's good feedback and gives me something to think about . :) i'm an infp who has been habituated to live very much in the intellectual world . i'm about to make a major career decision . i've been fascinated with psychotherapy - jung , freud , frankl , rogers , ... hey psilo . i just read the descriptions of the jungian types you posted from j h van der hoop's book ' conscious orientation ' . thanks very much for posting these , they were very helpful ! i was ... '