' number 1 was cleaning houses with my mom who offered the job to me along with several other friends and family that she hires on and now i'm joining in the peace corp looking to teach english . then ... the power of me slacking off 4 minutes before classes started ! sleep well foxy : 3 nice to meet you :) i'm just :p uncool : then : sad : i just told a pun : unsure : hi there ^ ^ hello ! : 3 ^ ^ rock on ! :) to you all also sleep well morfy <3 ghostly hearts for all <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0p7nm_rmNY an so-so song placed in the credits to a entertaining movie , if you can guess which movie then you win ! morning folks :) waves off as i leave i hated a place called vertigo before ... wait , why are you leaving ? come back ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98W9QuMq-2k : rolleyes : <3 u2 scrabble championships dyslexicon : wink : i'd like to call upon ! as a witness or as i like to call her the bono extraordinaire i've got to go now but i'll be thinking of all of you , take care my family . :) thank you , i'm sure that he'll come around if he can , here is to all of us . we all do our best , that's all that can be asked for us , he makes his own decisions and you chose to reach out to him . <3 a good heart is always there so you don't need to convince me , i think highly of you all and saying that you wish good to him is good in all matters . :) george washington was a common man amongst uncommon founders pleb power ! : cool : he didn't hate you in the long run , he just wanted to brush his ego is all since he was hurt at the time because he made mistakes and was being kept down for constantly making them . and by doing so ... that they are and thank you <3 i can only ask , i won't think less of you all because i think you all are the best things about people there will be . sympathy for him will be the only thing that i ask for and even that will be ... in short , its my fault and now he can't make up for it unless everyone just ups and forgives him and tries talking to him about it . if i could say something , what i had hoped in the end with entre was for him to end up hating only me ( it worked out for the long run since he basically ignored me every time i attempted to speak ... : ninja : slips away but delivers fishy to pun jail heyo : 3 just saying hi before i leave off so not much , how about you ? :) been a busy part of the year :P , but its nice to come here to unwind ^ ^ : cool : : tongue : ninja giggles : ninja : ninja understand : ninja : ... uh not really , just working in some writing here and there , how about you guys ? ninja waves excitedly : 3 : ninja : relaxed ninja nod : ninja : ninja nod : ninja : never getting up from this chair well i'm only half alive so technically if i stay sober for long enough i should be able to correlate with the common or average ( if we're doing this all by estimations with every other person ever ) ... waves back to work , later on ^ ^ oh hush , i stayed behind so that you and snow could get on the heli :p o . o heyo goes to do stuff ... holy fuck you just quoted yourself after saying that > . > bounces why is the world shaking ! _ ! drinks copious amounts of coffee because i miss it so what's up with everyone else while i'm here ? morning morn ^ ^ no plans exactly except bleargh workity work but i'll probably be able to fly over here later awake ! waves : 3 <3 and i'll be in harsh times for each moment that i cannot be there but just so that they are sure i always will send my <3 s to them and my own self if need be hugs well good to hear that things aren't being downers at least , how is everyone else ? i miss the whole family <3 it is , things are getting situated in the cleaning jobs and i'm finding myself able to do more writing in sittings , things going well on your end ? '