' big one from teenage years ... being hopelessly enamored at escaping into a bigger more beautiful life and at the same time repulsed by the people in it . https://youtu.be/MOkb58YbtQo still waters run deep . that's about the best summary of why i love being an infp . i live in washington , dc . less than 2 miles from the capital building . locations for me have always served a purpose , mostly jobs . this place is special to me because he it served a dual purpose ... he said that those who have endured some misfortune will always be set apart but that it is just that misfortune which is their gift and which is their strength and that they must make their way ... [ quote = sofit ; 14485090 ] love is definitely the way but just as important is i think respect , which is neutral - independent of good / bad valuations . i mean this in the sense that if you consider the ... i don't quite understand the theory that the first thing to do is realize every internal fault , prejudice , or lack of true unity with your fellow men and women as the first step in action . you are ... being an infp is awesome . but this reminds me a lot of what could be a common backstory : http://youtu.be/N1xvQ7iLD0I d'fuk ? ! ? ... sigh ... ... coffee ? i am 39 , going to be 40 next month ( yeah aquarians ! ) i think that equates to 13,456 tablespoons . in dog years i am immortal . a muse - flit around the world and just love humanity and inspire people , especially not to give up in the face of overwhelming odds , and to also temper people's power with wisdom . or be in charge ... i really want to explore meditation . i think quieting the mind will allow me to be more present , calm , and effective . russel simmons has a wonderful google author talk on it . once he said your ... i love public areas that are specifically designed for a lot of people , yet are totally empty . i travel a lot for work and will sometimes sneak down into the lobby , or pool area late at night when ... think that is totally normal and healthy . it should be a balance and cycle , make the most out of your outward and inward time . hope all your time is quality . i didn't do it , no one saw me do it , you can't prove anything , and it shouldn't be forbidden anyway . unless it's weird al yankovic . hellz yeah ... ride till i die ! i walked past a sub pop store in the seatac airport yesterday ( i'm about to turn 40 so it's a kick to the crotch of my youth so to ... ha ! like emos or hippies would ever be that lucky to count me in their click ! j / k i could be friends with them both , but couldn't be one or the other let alone both at the same time . i had a ... annnd i'm out ! mostly harmless :) i loved the ents in the book ( not the movies because they came off as pretty dim ) . but the way tolkien described them made me fascinated and envious of them . not for nothing but have you ever heard the story of the little boy and the zen master ... http://youtu.be/Tbsx_vZTcNI a young person who feels things deeply , considers things thoughtfully , ... this is a great topic , and very pertinent for me in where i am in my life right now . i would generalize my career experience as the balance , and sometimes out right conflict , between experience and ... 12 year old me - an explicit scene ? < slides my whole months allowance in poker chips across the table > i'm in , hit me . i went through all my mother's dull as heck mystery novels looking ... we need the loud mouth managers and the big management household fued storylines ! also mixed in with the politic / social issue du jour . hey , one management stable would be all apple users and the ... name : don silenzio move : requiem furioso ( over head body slam onto his bended knee ) music : o fortuna by carl orff backstory : a world class opera singer who lost his voice and face was horribly ... robert gould shaw robert gould shaw - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia 241826 cut it out . i have seen monkey poo fights at the zoo that are more organized and mutually beneficial than this . if you need adventure and glory go colonize mars . double post . while i am here , roasted vegtables are fricking delicious ! trying just eating fish and veggies . have been a bacon loving carnivore for most of my life . the choice is mostly for health reasons , but try to educate myself and shop responsibly . i think ... yes . withdrawl far enough you can talk yourself into anything because their i no one else to remind you . usually it isn't one particular decision , it's a malaise where i give up ownership of where ... i would and have never gone up and talked to someone in a coffeeshop . i am terrible for many different reasons in that situation . buuut , i think infps are different but are all different ... you will never survive my self-defense tiger style kung-fu . it is very strong . but seriously , something like a flank attack might work . kind of establish an emotional / intellectual connection , ... i would watch daniel day lewis prepare a bag of microwave popcorn . whoever came up with the term actor was thinking about that guy . i knew better i have and will always be more intuitive and emotionally driven , meaning that is how i process things . i can only stay organized enough to get by and don't esteem external strength , assertiveness , ... it is a picture inspired by the poem bona na croin which is uses the wolf as a metaphor for irish resistance . i always liked wolves and dogs and taken out of context ( as opposed to church or the ... classic . but still my favorite album of all time . what getting thrown over the handlebars of life into a gravel pit of dissallusionment sounds like to my mind at least .  ... for brian , eric , and jan . gone from the earth but not from our hearts . and all who served . http://youtu.be/uEMcLcGJ79s if fairies have since learned to live in urban areas ... if they drink whiskey ... if they love to hide keys and wallets ... then yes , i am plagued by whiskey stealing , key and wallet hiding ... i can see the point of sexuality and gender identification as a spectrum . i can't see the factors that make up an mbti effecting where you fall on that spectrum . maybe youre awareness of where you ... the problem with social media is that you are comparing your behind the scenes footage with everyone else's highlight reel . never before have so many said so much about so little . i am a ... very interesting question on depth versus intensity . i would add one other factor that i often reflect on which is breadth . i think everyone's experience of emotions is a ripple effect ( pebble ... walls , check . miles of mazes , check . trapdoors , check . moat with alligators , check . electric fences , check . nuclear self-destruct , check . if my heart was jurrasic park , it would be safer than ... it's 50 % what ya got and 50 % what they think ya got . i knew a guy who had the direct approach , basically going up to women in a club / bar and proposition them for sex . the lines he used were ... not an expert on the mbti types , but i would never use them as broadly or for the purpose of making such deep assumptions as you currently are as it pertains to other people . i can say from ... i think communication skills are the consistent challenge for me . i agree it seems like you may be overthinking it , but that is probably normal . here is where i get tripped up in my thought ... http://youtu.be/nlaoR5m4L80 if you think mornings as being the psychosomatic pain you have to endure to get to enjoy another day of living , i guess it puts it into perspective . thats the most positive spin i can put on ... right now i am listening to a squeaky hvac systems that is straining to pump through its clogged and filthy vents , air that is probably full of mold , mildew and god knows what flaked off 80 year old ... i guess there is very little i fear for myself that i can project onto a film and get a good jolt . also , horror movies are so ham handed in their emotional tone that it never seems like anything ... at the time they sprouted there were only bushes around so everybody told them they should be bushes , so not knowing any better , they grew close to the ground , until they couldnt take it anymore and ... '