' thank you jazzlee , but it seems my so called boyfriend was after all the manipulative kind of estj : he's been giving me the silent treatment for 7 days now , and i think the relationship is over ... thanks everyone for your comments ! well , lots of things have happened since i last posted ... i got in a relationship with my estj friend . communication was good , i know i could talk about anything ... i can forget discussing anything theoretical or philosophical with them ; also my estjs friends are not prone to have flights of fancy - i have them all the time ! my estjs also seem to jump from ... well ... maybe i'm just imagining things ... i have found that during my conversations with two of my estj friends , sometimes when i give my opinions on a certain subject , it seems the more abstract i am , the more unlikely they are to give me ... i've found that my intuition is like a double-edged sword : i intuit things from people , things that no one seems to see but to me they're transparent and obvious . this gives me an advantage ... * i enjoy exploring esoteric subjects of all kind . * like to read romantic poetry ... i also write it . * i seem to be good at making small talk with strangers until a comfortable rapport is ... this reminds me of the first session of psychotherapy i ever had : the therapist ( a man in his mid 40s and well-experienced in his field of work ) after half hour of interviewing me confessed that he ... aaaw ... i wouldn't mind receiving a hug after hearing a sweet compliment like that . i've had my troubles understanding infps but they're really awesome people , so ... here's a big hug to you too ! ! 1 ) what do you think ( or know for certain ) are your parents ' types ? my father is an infp , my mother was an entx . 2 ) how are your relationships with your parents ? i have a pretty good ... do your own homework ! lol ! : crazy : the inspiration from great scientists and thinkers like carl sagan , joseph campbell , carl gustav jung and ken wilber . jane austen's character mr . darcy ( intj ! ) . the life of vincent van gogh . the ... there is something about a crying man that melts my heart . somehow seeing that vulnerability makes me respect them even more ... ... when the god works in mysterious ways remark sounds idiotic to you . * * * sorry theist and deist folks ! * * * i was just reminded of something my confrontative analyst used to say to me quite frequently : you think to avoid your feelings . i hated when he said that ... dammit , he was so right . i haven't read any of his books , but have found joseph campbell's insights quite interesting in the field of comparative religion and philosophy . when it comes to levels of consciousness , the work of ... i write tons of poems , for me it's a form of emotional detox . art for me is definetly therapeutic . why are you so quiet ? that's a classic . are you mad ? guess what ? ! ! ! in your experience , does being typed as an intj changed your self-concept ? to what extent ? i ask this because it seems that people tend to identify themselves with their superior functions ( e . g ... did you ever love someone in a lengthy relationship ? i don't know what can be considered lenghty , but a relationship of more than a year , definetly . not just love by first sight . i mean after ... ... when people seem to be transparent to you , but somehow others don't notice what you clearly perceive in others . with an esfp . that would be sheer torture . you can try seeing all these events from the perspective of carl jung's synchronicity theory ( no hocus pocus occult kinda of stuff ) . if you're not into theories , then i can say that from the mbti ... your reaction is a natural defense mechanism . i , being a thinker , can get easily confused or overwhelmed with strong emotions ( they take me a lot of time to sort out ) , so the easiest way for me to ... op again . @ next : it is totally undestandable that you would have a reaction like that . i think many - if not all - personality types would react in a similar way in order to protect themselves ... artistic intjs : are you different from typical intjs ? ( by typical i mean scientific ) hmm ... you could say i lead a double life . i have two careers : one demands severe analytical thinking , the ... i don't usually avoid confronting anyone if i think i need to make certain things clear or remind people of boundaries , but when it comes to expressing negative feelings to the ones close to me , i ... op , here . thank you someday for your thoughts ! : happy : looking back on the relationship , i think that my infp was unsure of his feelings , but most of all , i think his erratic behavior was due ... i understand that , it can be hard for me to articulate my feelings , but i always try . i have provided my infp with loving words even when he's distant . but , at the end of the day , what this ... thank you all for your recent comments . the on-off switch experience happened months ago , situation came back to normal eventually . i have been in this relationship for months now and i can ... sometimes , in order to avoid all this communication mess , i just become emotionally neutral . my introverted feeling becomes even more introverted because i don't want to cause problems or hurt ... i found this article on the subject of a monthly male hormonal cycle ... new paradigm might explain an aspect of the emotional on-off switch lol ! i have noticed that his withdrawals ocurr in an almost cyclic manner . i though that it could be due to the so-called male emotional cycle ( the men are like rubber bands theory by j . gray - not ... op here . my infp's emotional withdrawal happened months ago , and i think i know what caused his reaction ( something i did ) . he never hinted that he felt upset about anything , if i hurted him , he ... good observation , sadly your discovery has already been described by dr . jung himself last century in psychological types ( cw vol . 6 ) . curiously enough , the two infps i've been involved with have always pulled away after having a high emotional intimacy week / s . hmmm ... makes me wonder if he feels i'm being too reassuring or thinks ... that is an interesting ... uhm ... theory . as you see from my signature , i am a female intj . i don't consider myself to be ' masculine ' , domineering or agressive when i'm under the influence of the ... op here ... thank you all so much for your sharing your thoughts and pearls of wisdom : laughing : i learned a lot reading all of your posts here , i appreciate it enormously ! ! i have seen this behavior in two male infps i know ; it seems to occur almost in a cyclic pattern : one month they're all friendly and close , then , out of the blue they pull away , dissapear for ... hello everyone , i have a simple question that i would like to address to all infps , but most specially to the males : do you ever find yourself putting your romantic ( or if not , friendship ) ... infp guys are great , but they never fail to intimidate me when they , for some odd reason , out of the blue , start to hold back their feelings and become terribly terribly quiet . this is the problem ... be careful what you wish for ... like i mentioned before , in my experience the relationship is great at the beginning , then things start to get complicated due to a strange if - if dynamic ( well , it's ... oh and intj-infp couple is pure magic ... at first . i have been romantically involved with a couple of die hard romantics , and i can tell you in my own experience , the key factor to keep the ... when people end sentences with ... you know what i mean ? overuse of pet words in general . f * ck , d * ck , and every word that would require an * to censor it lol ! : laughing : i experienced panic attacks in the past , but i wasn't diagnosed with any psychopathology . i underwent psychotherapy for a year with a gestalt therapist ... the problem i had with the process was that ... the closer i've ever been to appear girly was when , as a teen , my idea of fashion was the hippie-chick look . now , being a professional i had to change that . i don't mind wearing high heels and ... people of paper by salvador plascencia . next : angela's ashes by frank mccourt . that's me alright . sad but true lol ! oh i get chatty , loud , playful and spontaneous . in my case , yeap . only rarely do i get drunk . can't remember the last time i was really plastered . white ... op : thanks for the johhny depp eye-candy , that was really nice : wink : what i have noticed about infps is that they almost never smile . i am an intj and i smile and laugh a lot compared to the infps ... '