' the infj steps down from the mountain having opened up to and listened to the sky and now going below can articulate nice words of things that are and will be if they can portray unique perspectives on things yeah , never understood this feeling stuff . i'm either feeling tired / stressed or comfortable . it's that binary . there is nothing else . op's original bad written post must be a failed attempt at nlp on this forum or some shit . adolf quality post i'm sensitive . but i'm also a cunt . so it balances out . for me , narcissism is the obsession / extended focus on one's own image / ego . not literally ( someone focussing on their looks ) , but figuratively , — someone is narcissistic if they constantly focus on ... people always misuse the term ' narcissist ' . there tend to be different meanings . some people even just use it as a synonym selfishness or even arrogance . for example , one can be extremely ... we all know infjs like planning and thinking about the future . and how they often think they can plan and foresee a whole sequence of future events . but how well do your plans often go to plan ? ... i reckon more attractive people have nicer personalities . one thing that always amazes me is those people who never really pay attention to what may seem bad in this world . like , for example , in a class , or rather , after class a few students saying that ... yeah , what you've said is the pretty much stock standard ni-dom ' descending ' that plato , nietzsche , and others always talked about . basically instead of seeking the in-it-self as such , one ... newclassic no idea what my face looks like and i don't care . i've written a gigantic book of stock answers to every day common occurrences so i'll never be caught off guard again . ask me a question and i'll have my preset view . no need to think on the stop ... i value intellectual probity , and cannot foreclose the question of the existence of god from that . i . e . i love reason too much to be an atheist . the only true rational way to live is to live with the ... there's a special place in hell for people who believe this . i'll do my best to spread it as far as i can . i . e . he makes the wrong move of thinking that someone who is attracted to power or being dominated as being low in self-esteem or something . one does not have to have a low self-esteem to esteem ... please link some . because most infj articles are rubbish . he portrays infjs in a way that most writers don't , and probably gets closer to the truth more than anyone else . this is where his value lies . but he overkills it with the extent of his theories . also he spends too much time on his fi id theory or whatever the hell it is . the secret to unlocking infjs is simply ni . no need to go on a wilde goose chase on weird speculative tangents . the truth ... he gets it wrong here : on a deep level , the infj woman believes she is shit and worthless . this is true for healthy or unhealthy infjs . it is just a thing of the primal and coarsely-developed ... this infj endorses stellarmaze . neckbeards any romantic notions of love died in my soul a long time ago . because all infjs are secret sadists . wondering how i can get my thanked rate at least twice as high as my post count and not half of my post count as it is now . i wouldn't mind being a loan shark one day . i'm pretty good with money . even when i had no income i'd somehow miraculously always had money from somewhere . just like ex nihilo seem to come from nowhere . i didn't even budget , just kept a ... yeah , i remember someone's mbti type before i remember their name . i couldn't think of anything hotter tbh . pretty much my working definition of what i look for : someone who hates everyone else except me . if you tried correcting me too i would have doorslammed you as well . no , can never remember's faces . more likely to remember everything else about the person . surprised lavendersnow hasn't responded to this thread yet . narcissistic . also i don't like people who walk down the street and use shop windows to discreetly look at their own reflection . it ain't discreet . the only true perfectionism is anti-perfectionism . just make her do the test . haven't changed my bed sheets in a few years tbh . like the guardians of plato's republic an infj will always design what is good for you and your soul , even if you don't realise it is what is good for you . orwell and hitler together . the f in infj stands for free love yeah , i get ya yeah i do that i agree with most of this list except : lewis carroll , kipling , columbus , mendes , oppenheimer , sagan , tzu , de la vega . * socrates hypothetical ideal of the good as portrayed by plato in a dialogue . it's important to be aware that one of the views in the dialogue may not be plato's sole view , or what plato was ... nah , never wanted to be a bean counter i only really get that sad or cry when i see other people sad in real life . '