' oh ... hey there . didn't see you sneak in ! i agree with ambiguous as well . i'd say merge our two explanations and you've got a pretty well rounded description . i talked about how it works , ambiguous talked about how one would use ne and ... i started a thread about this a while back and just got torn to shreds on here with ... now that i think of it , it totally sounds made up but i was torn to shreds by some close-minded entps but hey if ... he's not joking . compare the cognitive functions . entp = ne > ti > fe > si intj = ni > te > fi > se so you would see a lot of similarities . personally i would have suggested maybe she is an infp , possibly ... the way i see it is that ne defines things based on how they relate to other things ; ni would then define things based solely on what they are . in other words , ne sees an apple . we think , that is ... i'm pretty sure i can speak for all entp's in saying solving puzzles / problems ( or can be said , finding patterns and conceptual ways to fix things ) and working toward efficiency are two of the top 5 ... i've been called apathetic . i'm not sure i would consider myself apathetic now , but in high school i was to a fairly high degree . ok . . . i'm really the first to respond ? hmm . well , i think i can tell you what you want to hear ! you're an entp ! if that is all you wanted to hear , stop reading here . i mean how biased a story ... i got into archery this past semester as well . instinct shooting is the coolest feeling ever . to know i could pick up a bow and be able to shoot well enough to at least wound my target is such an ... i wouldn't call my self proficient , i'm not that consistent with picking yet . but yes , i just started with padlocks , then moved to door locks , i've gotten 1 deadbolt before , but only once . it was the ... signify nimbus let me share with you . . . go to southord.com and get yourself one of these neat little tools . 41789 it comes with that book which just tells you the name of each shape of pick , ... lets see if i can help here . . . some of the biggest differences i've read about are : ne may be artistic , scientific , mechanical , inventive , industrial , commercial , social , political , or ... just learned how to pick a lock , that fancy way to tie your shoes that is done in the blink of an eye , i am into tumbling but can get the confidence to try anything flashy yet . i'm currently working ... i can't read this much without an adderall . :/ right , so how do you define what is the present and what is the future ? that sounds stupid but what do you look at to decide if any given person is living in the moment or living in the future ? it ... is it that easy once you get your first one ? it just sorta clicks ? i'm decent at determining n / s . e / i and p / j are easy to begin with . i just get confused with s and n . when i see n i ... it seems that due to our extremely developed deductive reasoning we should be fairly good at typing others . is this the case ? how do you go about typing others ? i am so bad at it . . . help ? depends on what the middle of no where is . . . but yes we are still on a deserted island , there's just two of us now ! :D i'm the only one in utah ? ! D: oh no ! come find me ! i feel like my fe is fairly developed , to the point i can use it almost as well as i can use my ti , i base this on the fact that i can deal with people almost as well as i can solve problems . my ... you're on to something here . my whole point of this thread is wondering if i'm making a mistake taking the callous off of my heart . :/ i'm grateful that you all are helping me out on this but i guess i should give you some more background , i am great with fe , i developed it young and developed it well . i am wondering more of my fi , ... umm . . . wha . . . yeah ! stick it to the metaphorical godish figure ? nothing is sacred . . . ! oh he's an intj heh . i've been learning to use f and relate to people and especially connect with significant others . so far it's been way more painful than anything else , so , my original question . . . why grow a heart ? ... how do i delete this ? ! i want no part of sharing my feelings . i'm sensing that you want us to say ne . . . in the op you said ' i'm having a hard time deciding ' you don't just decide , its what you naturally prefer . you will use almost all functions , especially ... commitment . anything else we can handle . : wink : nailed it . now where the fuck do i fit in . . . hmm startic : 6w5 , 9w1 , 3w2 desouza : 1w2 , 7w8 , 3w2 sx / sp splashedcolors : 3w2 , 5w6 , 9w8 boxter 9 : 3w4 , 7w6 , 9w8 saltare : 3w4 , 7w8 , 8w7 miss willow : 4w5 , 6w5 , ... the last two girls i dated were enfp , the one was amazing , we tried to go long distance and it all fell apart . the other is current , and we have a blast together . once she said , i love how well you ... ishan jalan i don't care what anyone tells me or us , there in fact are introverted entps , i tried starting this exact thread a while back and just got trolled until i gave up on it . but i am here to ... i beg to differ . . . on a side note , i think a healthy entp will think very highly of themselves , possibly to the extent of contempt . usually , even when i try not to , people think i'm ... the last two i realized the camera was working so i smiled for you ! ;D turns out only 5 per post , you guys only get 10 cuz i have to go to class . i picked out the more extreme ones that don't look similar to any others . enjoy ! can't find out how to make this useless pos work . . . . . . . . . . . . lol turns out it has been taking pictures all along through my whole troubleshooting process . . . ( i turned on some setting ... which entp subtype are you ? tony stark wass one of my favorite entp posters to read . ( don't see him around much anymore . ) i think this is the same thing with a higher post count , maybe check it ... right , the type that you claim to be is just the functions you prefer , or naturally do . so everyone is capable of anything it's just a matter of developing it to make it work efficiently . . . from ... fuck that arrow , i'm not fixing it , i'm too lazy . but you are some smart people , i'm sure you can figure out what i mean by it . lol , good point . same here man . why you gotta be like this ? does mensa mean anything to you ? i find that being a mensa member has a low correlation to intelligence . heh . . . awesome . thanks man , i wanted to thank your post twice , that's what i needed ... i thought it was just me that had these opinions . ok ? lol i get the feeling you get high often ? or your thinking isn't so developed ? maybe you just speak your mind , in which case i envy you ... pretty sure you're entj . well done , you nailed about 7 % of your accusations , it's late and i'm tired so i don't even want to grace this with much of a response so i'll highlight the ones you are ... king_moonracer i'm in my second semester of college , and you lead me to believe you have less psychology knowledge than that . . . you say you know psychology ? or you have read some wikipedia ... king_moonracer you are the reason people think psych majors like me are stuck-up and full of contempt or just f * * * ing imbeciles . . . you get that one from one of your ' high-end ' psychology textbooks ? that's good . . .   . . . what ? i'm beginning to think you are 15 . . . did you get this one straight from jung himself ? ... i beg to differ . . . false ! now how does that work at all ? it could be more efficient . a girl broke up with me and two or three months later i saw her and heard her use the top two just ... most of the time people say i wish i could listen to your brain . then i'm like . . . no you don't . they don't usually understand how fast it gets going , but the tangents and connections that i make ... extrapolate ? i guess i must have it wrong in my head . can you clarify for me ? now wait a minute ! wait a minute ! are we confusing fe with fi ? ? fe is interpersonal communication . fi is intrapersonal . fe helps you see how others are reacting to you , its a great skill the ... who else read this and gave it an evil voice ? lol '