' 110 view and no replies . are my instincts that hard to figure out and / or are my posts that boring ? lol josh tillman is the singer writer under the moniker father john misty . he was also the drummer for fleet foxes and saxon shore and his old singer / songwriter stuff was under the name j . tillman ... oh nevermind 4 is up there it's just hiding out number 4 for self preservation is 4 . do you dislike taking big risks unless it's a sure thing ? not sure where it went . sorry for the print being small and squished together it was freezing when i ... i did this once before a decently long time ago but the instincts still confuse the shit out of me so ... well here is another thread of guess my instinctual variant only this time i came prepared ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-x6qqNy0mo&feature=youtube_gdata_player i don't know if this is sx , but it's kickass . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kpz_CQZbSpk&feature=youtube_gdata_player hm seems all the videos i've posted are sx / sp artists . guess that's just the kind of sx i like ;) ha if i do a frowny face ... i'm sorry that was a really immature comment , but sometimes immature is more fun . anyway i think it just pissed me off because we don't even know if the enneagram is a valid way to analyze people ; ... . oh , i've been falling asleep a lot throughout the day latley but now i know that it's just that i'm so dull and mundane that i can't even keep myself interested in myself . hehe almost forgot this gem . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEdqqyxoWuA&feature=youtube_gdata_player starbuck i am probably an infp and maybe an intp and i listen to tool if that helps . also , their lead vocalist maynard james keenan seems to be an intp and i think tool's music in general seems nt ... i think what music you listen to proabably correlates more to how intently you listen to music . for example if you just casually listen to music then maybe you just listen to what is trending on the ... oh arcade fire too daleks_exterminate animal collective , ratatat , and the magnetic fields . i really like your taste in music . oh i guess it did post the video well fuck me then i guess . i don't think i'm sx first but death grips have always seemed sx to me , specifically sx / sp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vd1-P-R_f-0&feature=youtube_gdata_player sorry i didn't post actual video ... i'm not sure if i'm intp or not but i think the key is to not focus on the pointlessness of everything so much , when you start to think of the pointlessness just accept that maybe it is but that it ... social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... thanks for the info . i actually decided a few days ago that i'm so / sx i think i had pictured so certain way and therefore didn't give it a chance as being a potential first . i do however always get ... how do eating habits relate to si ? i'm curious thanks every bit helps i really considered myself so last but for some reason today i examined myself and it seemed more apparent that i was sp last . now just to figure out my dominant lol also note : my laugh in the title is supposed to be an evil sarcastic one not a jovial nice one , not that that matters in terms of my instinctual variant but i just thought i'd clarify : tongue : oh also for sx i'm not very assertive and i definitely wouldn't describe myself as aggressive . also , i don't think people find me very intimidating ( at least not when they actually talk to me ) alright i have been trying to figure this out for months and just can't . : frustrating : it's like whenever i'm getting close everything just falls through . i can literally see myself as being dominant ... i know everything , do you need help understanding since you're so feeble minded ? i promise i'll talk real slow so you don't get lost . ( ps . this thread is hilarious it makes me lol ) the jellyfish is beautiful , but is that supposed to represent that 4w3s are pretty but they will sting you if you touch them ( get too close ) lol 8: silverback gorilla lol http://static.flickr.com/2450/3620953101_17e822cdeb.jpg 9 : i love panda bears http://crazy-frankenstein.com/free-wallpapers-files/animal-wallpapers/panda-bears-wallpapers/panda-bear-sleep-wallpapers.jpg instincts generally confuse me :p so i'm not really sure how to evaluate this in myself , i'm not even sure what instinctual variant i am . i do have a creeping suspicion that i may be an sx dom ... i've been thinking about the instinctual variant descriptions and ( this may stem from ignorance on the subject ) but a lot of the descriptions seem to have personality traits included in them . now the ... i've been going through some personal stuff latley , perhaps a existential crisis period of my own . anyway , this has caused me to have these imaginary conversations at night where i just get all ... yeah i heard about that , scary shit well i find the part about telling the other children u were blind when looking at them pretty funny . really it sounds like you were a lot smarter than the kids around you so u manipulated them with ... i relate to joczker where i need a little time before i can decide i really like you , but if i do then ( i may be a little awkward at first if i do not know you at all ) but i'll be energetic and silly ... i totally agree with dismantling and disposing nuclear weapons , but sadley countries arn't going to unanimously do this becuase having nukes is like the equivalent of who has the biggest balls . most ... well i don't know if it was so much that i was weird , although the fish out of water thing is a little odd but hilarious ( to me ) . anyway it's strange because back then i had no discipline in class ... so she called mega - ultra chicken's brother steve who was already riled up and angry becuse he hasn't gotten the recognition or respect that he deserves from his job in sales . when i was in elementary school i feel that some of my behavior was not very infp maybe this is because i was not fully developed yet , idk . anyway i use to joke around in class a lot . in second grade ... coming up with a name for a band is hard , possibly ' pirate radio ' as for names i'll list some from songs i actually wrote and make some others up 1 . the chariots will take you away 2 . i wasn't ... she looked around and realized that she was in her lover jamal's bed . jamal : damn bitch why does that have to happen every time u have an orgasm . i can relate i get sidetracked like a motherfucker . i'll think to myself that i want to do something or have to and then about an hour or two later i still won't have that thing done because i had ... hey i'm and infp that thinks he may have add . my mom and sister may also have add and my mother thinks we all have it as well . so , i was just wondering if there are any other infps on here with add ... i don't like starting a possible relationship off with text messaging either , i want human contact not a bunch of written messages that usually don't truley convey the person behind them . hey i'm an infp that's a christian and a virgin . i also like dogs and have two of them and enjoy movies . many people have told me i'm funny and often say i am so without even trying and don't realize ... . look i'm sure your not that unattractive i've seen some ugly ass guys get with some hot girls . you really have to stop with the low self esteem thing i've been ... and if you've known that person for a while ? 6 + years ? [ / quote ] well i still might not know everything about them , or i'm trying to figure out what they are thinking at that very moment , or i'm ... damn it i forgot to include the quote i was responding too.lol this was in response to aranae's post on page 2 being an infp male i've felt this way but the flip side , i've tried to act all macho around certain guy friends because i was afraid to act to energetic and silly and be labeled as a girly man or ... when i do it i'm trying to figure the person out , who they are . i don't think their is an inherent meaning to life . i think originally their is no purpose , but people can set some kind of goal or participate in something that fullfills them . it's kind of like to ... '