lol . that's a bit harsh on my dominant function . ;) ok ... could you elaborate ? :) ah i get what you are saying . i think this is the nub of why i'm struggling with the enneagram though . as you say , mbti calls to analyse the functions , which occur before your behaviours happen , ... thanks . can you give me an example of how the enneagram helped you ? it would really help me to understand it . i disagree about your stance on the mbti though - which aux and tertiary functions ... why do you think it's a straight jacket more than the enneagram though ? i'm not sure i can agree with that at all to be honest . you know your functions flip around when you are stressed and you rely ... this is exactly what i have found . i can just about see a tritype for myself but it really depends on my mood and where i am in my life at the time . have you typed yourself in the enneagram ? mine are all different . me : enfp mum : esfj bro : istj or estj ( it's not that obvious which , i've tried to work it out for years ) dad : intp think this shows there are no genetic links in mbti ... this thought never enters my head to be honest . the strategy in life is just to be pretty open with people and then you won't have to worry about it . stay true to yourself , is the message i suppose ... it's an interesting one . maybe that's a gender thing too as well as a personality thing ? maybe , from an evolutionary standpoint , decisive males seem more attractive because they seem like leaders of ... on dear . this has made me doubt everything . i'm one of the least materialistic people ever . i definitely do not have a love of fine expensive things . quite the contrary . am i missing something . is ... hi everyone , i'm such an mbti geek and have found it inifinity useful in self discovery . since joining this forum , i have read more about the enneagram and have been trying to type myself and find ... yeah it's possible . i might be a 749 in all likelihood but i'm still finding the system to be quite abstract at the moment compared to the cognitive function model . i find the cognitive functions in ... hi everyone , i've managed to narrow down my enneagram type to either 4 or 7 . i relate very strongly to both . i am an enfp , so i suppose when i am with people and extraverted i feel like much more ... im not sure they need to be stereotypes to reognise if they are ne dominant though if you understand type . i pretty much try to type everyone i meet and i'm pretty sure i'd notice . i usually work out ... hi everyone , i wanted to share some thoughts on health / digestion in the hope it will help some of my fellow enfps . over the last year , i have developed chronic ibs , owing to a few different ... thanks ! yeah i saw some of these on the website an earlier poster gave me . i've seen books on the topic around on ibooks etc , but you don't know which will be good without recommends so i appreciate ... thanks ! that's a really good website . it's at least helped me to narrow it down a bit to 4,5 and 7 . think i had much more of type 2 in me when i was younger . i've read it's quite unusual for an enfp ... hi everyone , obviously , i'm a huge believer in the validity of mbti and i think it's a great model for assessing how people process information and make decisions . the cognitive functions are so ... no need to apologise . i enjoy mbti puzzles . :) i have a book on infp as well somewhere i can dig out for you if you like from when i was trying to figure out if i was an enfp or infp . it gives a good cognitive function relationship overview . ... thing that makes me unsure about you being an isfp is there's a definite ne sense from you from you say , which would point to an xnfp type to me . i am very aware of ne , since i'm a dom . isfps don't ... yeah i realised after i wrote it . i edited soon afterwards . i was trying to get across that i didn't detect much se or si in there from what she wrote . i agree there is lots of fi in there . you think you are an se aux ? that's sounds unlikely to me . see if the si inferior resonates ... si for enfps younger or more immature enfps ... underdeveloped si is the reason why you are ... no worries :) introverted feeling can perhaps best be described as an enfp ’ s digestive system . we take in experiences via our extroverted intuition , then process them and decide how we feel about ... really ? i'm quite proud of myself so i don't think i'd mask it - maybe when i was younger . do you ? i usually notice ne doms quite quickly too , and then it's just a case of working out if they use are ... hamlet 722 you seem to be more comfortable with the idea of authenticity anyway , which again suggests infp . exploration , to me , can be interchanged with experimental . i've not travelled as much as ... odinthor i'm not sure . it's an interesting question . i mean , in theory i don't have a problem with any type . and i tend to naturally form warm , long-lasting friendships with other intuitive , ... hamlet 722 i dunno , i'm quite enjoying the puzzle . i've got a good binary question that might make it easier - which , in life , would you say means more to you , if you had to pick only one and ... haha fair enough . i won't try and confuse matters too much . however , i will say it's a classic feature of inferior si to not look after your health properly . believe me i know . it took something ... judging off the speed and enthusiasm with which you answered i'm going out on a limb here and saying i now think it's more likely that you are an enfp . lol ;) edit : are you saying you have a good ... it's just struck me , since i joined this forum not very long ago , i don't actually know anyone of my type ! i suspect i have known some , but before i knew about mbti in any detail . two of my best ... i think the most important thing to do when you are trying to work out your type is look at the cognitive functions and see which ones fit you best . enfps and infps both have extraverted intuition ... i've had a quick look . i'd just say that when i answered your posts , i was careful to give you some general guidelines about the fact that enfps have both good and bad sides , depending on the person , ... w122 ah that's an interesting topic ! one that i'm still learning about . it's not the same thing no . i don't know how much you have read about this bit of the mbti , but basically if you start feeling ... w122 it depends what's going on elsewhere in his life whether he contacts you again i guess . but , from your point of view , if you suspect he is acting unhealthily just watch out for behaviours that ... not sure what's going on with that last post because there was some sort of sort database error when i posted it , but helpfully you can still see it . w122 hmmm , a lot to digest there . you are basically trying to work out if he really likes you or not . that , i can't really answer . i think rather than tell you what i'd do in these situations , ... hi - and welcome to you too ! yeah i love comedy . i don't follow george carlin religiously as i'm british , but i will definitely check him out . i try to go to edinburgh fringe festival as often as i ... no worries ! :) it's difficult to know exactly without knowing his history and background . he may still not be ready to date properly after a divorce and still be making up his mind . enfps are ... hmmm . dunno if this is what you want to hear , but i hope it helps you anyway . :) the first thing to say is that enfps tend to jump quickly into short-term relationships , but wade slowly and ... you've already had a lot of input on this thread , but i have to tell you , i see a lot of myself in you and i'm definitely an enfp . i mean there are some things that are different , but i think that's ... hi hope , you are the same type as me . welcome ! my name is dave and i'm new too . :) hi everyone , i'm an enfp that's just joined the forum . i'm pretty much willing find out more about any of you because i'm really interested in different personality types , including my own . i'm ... hi anyone who reads this . i've gone through a really tough time lately and it's caused me to go on a journey of self discovery . i've been interested in myers briggs for a long time and know a lot ...