' thanks ! i have the same stance as you although i've never followed my own stance . ok . i understand how to fix my sleep schedule . the only part i don't understand is the part about going to sleep the same time every night if you have already slept late into the day the night ... well , it sounds like you have a plan . you're ready to have a girlfriend and you really like her . that's awesome ! have you thought about passing your phone number to her after you ask her out again ? i didn't intend to put a lot of focus on rebound because maybe i used the wrong word . before you are thoroughly confused , allow me to suggest that maybe none of us know what was going through her ... i really just needed to understand where you were coming from . i found it difficult to understand why you didn't believe preferences were fluid . i understand now . it seems that i don't believe much ... ok . first , what criteria are you referring to ? i ask because my response only took into consideration what criteria i have changed , but it may not be what you even meant . i may be wrong . it actually sounds like she had some emotional hangups and baggage . it seems like you sensed that by her response and didn't want to be that guy . that guy who is treated like a ... i did . graficha , i read some research that melatonin has been known to stop ovulation in a woman . if you truly have encountered a real sociopath , you would not have said what you said . honesty is always the best policy . 100 % pure honesty . pure . we can't expect men to just read our minds , or anyone else for that matter . we need to learn to ask for what we need . if someone is ... ! ! ! wait . i suppose that could describe me too though , but i take action . totally how he is i think . he says he likes when i tell him what to do , but i'm not so sure . lol hmm . i'm thinking . . . he thinks i'm stubborn , only when i'm standing up to him . but if i'm not standing up to him , he tells me to do so ! he is also a taurus . oooh you're not being an asshole . if anything , i see that you understand that a relationship requires sacrificing innate personality traits ( understanding that her resisting your natural type does not ... i completely understand what you are saying , but your premise defies logic . no matter the explanations . your interpretation of the definition suggests a subjective impression . oh . i see what you mean . then i would disagree with you . the definition of preference does not address fluidity at all . since that , then it is not logical to say , preferences are by definition not ... i totally appreciate your advice . i agree with you about it being a team effort and taking charge . oh , i have already suggested this method to him . i researched it and found this solution . as of now , he still has not tried it lol acerbusvenator , premise : preferences are not fluid . argument : if you were an intp you'd always prefer to do it in the ti ne si fe order , but people are not that solid , we are dynamic ... bahahahahaahaha ! touche :D i was referring to this . you are correct . also this just now , right here : you contradict yourself here . in one statement , you say that preferences are not fluid . in another statement , ... i think what emerald is speaking of is how for women , everything is touching . men have the ability to compartmentalize more . for instance , a couple gets into a fight in the kitchen . it doesn't ... your very last sentence is true for me . i have already figured it out for myself . i was curious to see how other infjs feel about it and if they deal with it . your post was a huge confirmation ... no . actually you weren't supplying the definition of the word preference . you specifically said that a preference is not fluid . that is not accurate or logical . no . it's not strange . as a kid : charlottes webb , indian in the cupboard , adventures of huckleberry finn , hatchett , andromeda strain , 1984 , sheila the great , of mice and men , goosebumps , babysitters club , readers digest , ... bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! i very closely relate to isfj at another time in my life before i started working on myself to become strong . i can't tell whether my high n score is real or if i just want it to be , but people tell ... can anyone help me figure out the slight preference thing ? preferences actually can be fluid . a number of lesbian women , and some heterosexual women as well , perceive choice as an important element in their sexual orientations . i was highly extraverted growing up . i suffered abuse from age 2-18 by authority figures--multiple traumas . i sought out a therapist several years ago . i have always been highly n . i don't know ... my dad took the mbti test today . he said after some research , he found that the tests are not accurate because it requires a trained professional to interpret the results . is this true ? i know . i don't know if he is as concerned as i am . when i talk to him about it , he doesn't really respond to all of that part of it--the dangers . but he does at least seem interested in the idea of ... you have . thank you very much . it really just put everything back into perspective for me . i just got back from my therapist appointment for the week lol so , i got a double whammy . thank you . i ... have you ever volunteered at an animal shelter ? thanks ^ ^ ^ my mood has changed since my op . it never lasts lol i just wondered if it was type specific . i do have a therapist that i've been seeing for 3 years . i talk to her about it . it used ... where do you live ? what are your interests / hobbies ? i'm actually not totally sure on this . it's only my opinion . he hasn't taken the test yet lol i need some advice . i'm not sleeping at night . in fact , i have not been to bed yet and it is 9:16 am . my husband is having the same issue , but his is more that he sleeps , but not on a deep level . we ... feeling hyper critical is one of my signals to stress . when i detach , go inside and practice self care , it goes away . it is my belief that my personality type can be very draining . if i am not ... pssst ! i zeroed in on only one of your points in my comment . some of your other points were helpful . plus , it's possible that i misinterpreted you are mean to her to mean intent when you weren't ... i'm not really sure what your first question means . to your second question , i'm not sure how to answer that either since i sense a condescending undertone . here is what the human metrics test says : infj introvert ( 44 % ) intuitive ( 75 % ) feeling ( 12 % ) judging ( 22 % ) you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 44 % ) you have ... are you a gemini ? delete emerald sea , bravo ! yes , that explains the dynamic perfectly . brady , books about this topic are very helpful . my hubby and i read them all of the time . we have grown so so so much in our marriage ... '