' maybe you should first have a lot of not-fun by trying out a lot of different activities ( even exploring sub-genres of some activities ; for example i though i didn't like watching movies until i ... i'm not negative , the world is negative , and you're standing by , watching it , approving it , spreading it and thinking how that's okay . yes we can . and now i'm predicting that you're gonna realize in the future , that we can't really predict things . funny how misfortune unites people better than fortune . hmm , there seems to be a lot of suspiciousness going on with this one . for instance , no-one wants to die , but everyone has different long ... well roundedness is a quality of it's own ;) i give everyone a chance , but i'm not sure if everyone gives me the chance xd i have an infp friend , he's cool , only drawback is that he's so busy . :) other than that , um dunno , how about ... ummm , shouldn't you know this by now ? man , this sure makes my announcement i'm planning to make seem a lot less special - that i think i recently entered my first ever relationship with one infj ... if an infj is anything , it's everything ^ ^ but if we must use labels , i recommend virtue ethics - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia alternate topic name : what do you do the whole day ? it just recently hit me that maybe , just maybe not all infjs spent their childhoods ( by this i mean up to middle school or even university ) ... as an infj i myself don't know what i'm doing in situations like these ! i recommend just spending time with him and see how it goes ... more doing things together and less talking and all is well xd is the friendzone really that deterministic ? generally , i think being nice to attract a mate is overrated . nice is great if you're a disney princess , but come on , everyone should be nice to ... if it's all a dream ... i can do whatever i want , w00t ! took me a year of faculty to figure out i have an ( female ) infj in my study group ( relying on my assessment here , no tests taken ... that i know of ) . though she laid low for the first year , now she's ... ugh , often . you have your answer , now go away , leave me in my cave . i was mostly loving my emotions , thinking them as the foundation of my being and the most authentic part of me . but lately i just wanna strangle them cause they make no sense . how the hell am ... i think infjs , or anyone can be good at flirting . but flirting takes self confidence . and self confidence is an another thing entirely ... usually i'm fine , but today was daydreaming about having someone with whom i can lie on a valley looking at the stars while only hearing their voice and talking to them for all night long ... hmm , i've never had those problems ... although i never spoke that much so that must be it . recently i started talking a bit more and in about half the cases so far it's just right , half i can really ... a lot of people doubts tests , so i read things from this forum and think it more accurate to see if you find yourself in posts of infj people here , but even better than that are videos like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30J2qKXtNPo commie berserk golden age chapter i egg of the high king bd 720p aac 4e0448a9 - youtube too lazy for a long reply , but i just have to say i strongly agree with this , especially the bolded part ... although that is my solution for everything ( relationship-wise ) , and , i think , more often ... not exactly the answer to your question ( which i agree is quite interesting btw ) , but maybe this guy is a good start : noam chomsky - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia might as well say something on ... i like the idea of some people here of talking one on one at parties , that actually sounds like an idea that could make parties really worthwhile ! i'm just curious , what do you think what to do when ... it seems to me you people know me better than i do xd i think i already heard this , but i don't get why ? why are they a weakness ? i'm having a hard time wrapping my head around the whole intj ... i'm not sure about some pretty emotions , but i see them worked up about things that counter logic lots of times xd i think they feel like everyone else , it's just they are so fortress-like , and ... hmh , spoiler tag , great trick , great trick am i right that we're looking for negative things here ? if so , i just recommended this thread a moment ago elsewhere . peruse it at will . se displays ? ... what does cold on the inside mean ? everyone is emotional , right ? curiouser and curiouser ... well , i'm not sure i know what you're looking for exactly , but , everything has been said already ( or will be soon , i can't imagine this thread not being answered ) . as ... i'm glad someone relates too ! that's something i forgot to put in :) http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/85288-infjs-pickiness-socialness.html man , that thread has quite grown ... interesting ... but why would you want to escape ? 51585 i would play games on my mobile and sleep . and drink sometimes . i'm more interested in why do you ask . : tongue : weird phenomenon , which i too expirience . while that's true with friends & family , i don't get approached in more public-y places either , but here i think lies the difference because i think in those ... yes .  ... wait . was there something you wanted ? : silly : : tongue : + 1 for keeping a journal . i recommend it to anyone ( well , type fours or infjs mostly , and nfs maybe ) . although i call mine that place i write stuff at and it's not just one place ... getting ... i haven't brought up with my pal , and that's one of the thing i'm agonizing about . can't bring myself to do it , it's such an awkward situation . my friend is 17 , the girl and me are 20 . i just ... this is the closest to what i think i should do . it's just i think i should first talk to my friend , but i can bring myself to do it . i don't know about him . i don't even know how much exactly ... i'm not sure if i'm lonely per se , i just don't know how to fill my time and like people . i don't feel lonely but wish i socialized more . does that make sense ? low self-confidence - me too . i'm ... not much to say i guess . i have a group of friends i hang out with ( both in real life and skype ) , four guys including me and one girl . somehow me and the girl got to exchange ... something like ... hi katty perry ! : tongue : i love this video ! : crazy : run in the opposite direction . when at safe distance - stare . : laughing : i got into a stand-up comedian phase recently , and as far as i read on the nets most of comedians are either entp or enfp . are there any infj comedians ? i'm interested to see how their act looks ... yeah , armored corps of peace , 7th love division : tongue : skimmed through the entire thread and found no trace of carlin fuck yeah . oh , we're supposed to dedicate this to someone ? well fiddlesticks . ... actually that could work ... a toast , to my new ... 4197141972 things they don't tell you - imgur i'm curious as to what is this glorious destiny ? taking your life in your hands ? serious love talk and then ... : laughing : five ... i think , but i still voted like that . edit : interesting how that's the most voted wing ... what really helps me is a honest talk with someone . yeah , i know it's hard , but i managed to find some people for that , too bad they don't have much time for me :( . anyway , i always felt the need to ... '