' i'm 27 and my girlfriend is 35 .. she's once divorced and has 3 kids , i knew her when she was married and we bonded online over a love of bad movies ( mst 3k type ) and funny ghost shows . all we did was ... my welding helmet ! its what i wear some days for 10 + hours lol me .. year 4 of being alone for xmas . do the whole give to charity thing every year and that's nice but its honestly getting harder to wear the happy mask as years go on . family members are grown and ... i'm dating a z'er and im a early y'er / bridger (8 6 baby ) sure let them have a forum . 100 push ups without stopping .. im in better shape at 26 then i was at 16 lol . so ... update on this whole thing , we spent some time together and while i do believe she meant it . we're not compatible in a relationship sense and thats something i decided midway through our lil ... here is a cynical , optimist infj male . yes , we're not angelic , emo .. crying wusses . some of us nf's ( infj men in particular ) can take life by the horn , i think this is one messed up world but still ... 26yo , my head in the clouds to the point that i often forget why / where im driving to . horrible at remember addresses ( im more of a landmark reader ) umm ... under stress or in deep thought i forget im ... then you weren't doing it right . : laughing : going on my first long ( 4 hrs + ) car ride with my istp . what do you all like to do on long car rides ? im content just driving ... listening to music ... spacing out to the music ( while i drive lol ) . ... 11 on violet and indigo she can like whatever she wants but dirtbiking doesnt pay bills , put a roof over your head , or food in your stomach ... its great to have hobbies , but the day comes when mom and dad dont pay your ... since when did approval = asking others opinion ? and i ask after 7 years because she not my girlfriend and the words i love you are thrown around so easy in american culture today . just ... when an infj hates you ... you don't exist . but hate is a strong word . yes , this . ive had to do for myself since i was a child and i think that no thank you , i dont need any help ( ever ) is the consequence of it . never let them see you bleed is the way i always ... yeah ... im not good at asking for help . i wont even ask my father for $ 5 unlike my siblings ( who will take any hand out they can get ) , i even slept in my car for 4 months and didnt tell anyone , showed ... i hope the pic will show up ... myself at prom in 2005 ( this was on my 19th birthday ) on the left , my friend and date ( istp ) ( still dating 7 years later ... crazy lol , never thought of it till this ... thanks for the thread :) it really helps me see things ( somewhat , everyone is different ) from my istp's pov . its the strangest connection ive ever had with someone , i'll drive her home and we wont ... i just saw it with my friends ... i swear if you took a picture of us watching it you would have seen four 9 year olds sitting on the edge of their seats with grins from ear to ear . it was that ... bingo ! i think most infjs feel that way . i dont even know where that protectiveness came from but man people are shocked when it does come out lol . for the most part i couldn't care about ... ugh ... im no angel . i cant be in a business world . in school i was the kid who all the teachers trusted , when people were searched for drugs they never searched me oh he's good , he can go to ... hockey , cooking from scratch , gardening ( i have a green thumb ) , planing trips , finding peoples insecurities ( when provoked ) , nurturing , making a comfortable home for people to visit ( when i feel ... umm ... a gamer since the nes days .. i do celebrate 4/20 . under 30 business owner . 2nd generation mexican american ( first american in my entire bloodline on my dads side ) umm ... in school as in ... what about us infj's ? ohhh yeah ... we're supposed to be peace loving hippies right ? haha ... its fun working in the shadows , giving a nudge here and there . mwahahaha . no really . all of the infj's ... im going to take a play out of parsamirm playbook and see who here is from northern california . personally i was born and raised in san jose , in the san franscisco bay area but now reside in ... all i have to say is ... tosh . o yes ! from lost children asking me for help at the store , to stopping babies from crying with one look into their eyes to walking down the street and kids playing on the street asking me if i want to ... i wish i could find and entp queen to rule by my side ... tired a few enfp's but they rather be princesses . i dont know anyone here well enough ... but i would like to hug an infj in general just to see what it felt like . if its as true and honest as i imagine it would be , i think i would short circuit lol depressed ? or melancholy ? ages about 9-21 i was depressed . raised myself ( think the book matilda ) my grandparents moved away ( they pretty much raised me ) my older sisters ex was trying to kill my ... if we develop a bond ... i love to hold hands , cuddle , buy things ( drive an hour or two to get your favorite snack ... just because i was thinking of you and how much i appreciate you ) i dont know ... vinyl records ... i dunno .. i always feel weird getting gifts yet i love to give them . the number one thing i would love to get is a sincere letter from the heart , never gotten one of thos . lol foetus , starfish ... but i put my hands behind my head , not on the sides of my pillow . im building my empire in advance lol ... and if it doesnt happen then i guess i will have to settle for being a billionaire . im pretty sure the diffrence between it happening for real this time and ... ive been out of the country on business . you all have given my plenty to consider . i really do like her , we're currently in a angry birds war ! lol . the large hurdle right now between us and i ... when i come back to america .. i feel like i could watch it burn ( and no thats not a threat lol ) . ive worked hard and done very well for myself and would like to give it all back to help fix my ... right here ... i know every one is different but that why this is called advice :P i met this girl about 7 years ago from a mutual friend , she was a senior in hs and i had just graduated the year before . we hit it ... just finished the hunger games . just started catching fire and lincoln's melancholia 98 % only texts ... if im in a mood i wont even reply unless i love you ( like ... 3 people in the world including family ) fb me . i own a large company and i spend my days dealing with people and ... hello ... wow , looks like you have your hands full . im walking the same way to the corner store , do you need any help with them ? oh and by dog walker i figured you meant someone who does it as a ... ive wondered this for years myself .. its weird that the personality i can relate to the most on tv is abed from community . they only reason i dont think i have it is because i have empathy .. too ... inf / tj . considering ive survived 2 in the last decade . empathy ( crosses all language barriers ) , in helped putting patterns together when in a room of people who could kill you at any moment ( and in ... you have great lips ... you have patient eyes ummm ... lol i had a few teachers say you will be a great president or a good hitman one day . thos are the ones that stick out , not much positive ... all of my friends and many strangers comment on my voice , its low and deep ... girls always comment that i should be a ... lol .. phone sex operator :: turns red :: i remember the first time i ever ... i just moved to corpus christi ... not sure where tyler is whos to say we haven't ? ? ive had that idea since i was in preschool and its still in effect to this day ... hahaha . i know the talents of the people i have around me and the friends ive made my whole ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vihMiP9HK-8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teozIXIe2Wo to leave this pale blue dot better then i found it ... '