' today started out horrendously — my ride fell ill and i missed an important job interview . but i went for a walk and visited five places , each time asking about the hiring process . i started an ... 536058 half of all we do owes to a sort of pervasive boredom . girl : . . . because men are bad with words . me : hey , men are not bad withx 97bad withx 97bad withx 97what ' s the word ? oh , that's it ! if jokes had mid-life crises and bought circuses and took lsd in dosages large enough to kill elephants , then i would make those jokes . 2.5 / 10 congratulations — you've found it ! you're back ! welcome . you'll find that a lot of the old users left ; the forum sheds its skin every couple of years or so . i'll be happy as soon as i see frapping him with disembodied arteries on the thread list . no problem ; i'll just re-derive my solutions . i notice that limiting my computer use tends to make me a happier , healthier , more productive person . fuck that , though . i don't want to do that one , really . get thee to a nunnery . mt . molehill . never time travel . i can hardly read anymore , because i pay so much attention to the construction of language that a particularly grabby sentence gets me thinking about my own desire to write . i'd sooner complete my ... and i should add : if you decide to improve ( and it really is a decision that you have to make every day ) , improvement won't happen all at once . it takes years to fill a hole one can dig in months , ... i'm not going to say what you want to hear . still , if you feel anything i've said is off-base , feel free to discount it ; i'm not a psychologist . yes , you're selfish . but not because you lack ... it can't be any other way with strap-ons . and some more was supposed to designate unrelated quotes , as a sort of bonus round . sunday theme : olfaction . u200bhhh this thread is your opportunity to quote other users while excluding most of their post , for the sake of hilarity . i'll start . to find a solution , you need to ask yourself : when do people have sex ? there is an obvious answer to this question , which is perhaps hidden in plain sight : people have sex when their species is at ... the following is from the play rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead , by tom stoppard . guildenstern : a man breaking his journey between one place and another at a third place of no name , ... every so often i accidentally put the fingers in the tooth-box and the teeth in the finger-box . it almost always leads the victim's family to believe i'm anatomically retarded , which can ruin the ... i drink coffee daily , but not because it's a stimulant . my biggest reasons are to enjoy the taste and to avoid experiencing withdrawal . i have an extremely high tolerance for caffeine , and can fall ... i drew a picture of my friend fighting zombies while mounting a hippo today , on the free response portion of an ap exam . here is the accompanying poem ( x97 representing my friend's monosyllabic ... i love math , but i was lucky enough to have taught it to myself . people who receive schooling in math before coming to terms with it on their own , i notice , are often resentful of it . i think it ... i can eat 3.8 rolls of sushi per minute , without really trying . when i do try , that number is probably closer to 5.0 . not really a feat , but fast enough that it's socially unacceptable . didn't take the act , but took the sat and scored a 2350 . still , colleges really don't care ; they look for scores within a ballpark . if you have shit grades , as i do , your likelihood of being ... existence , albeit beautiful , is a mess . nobody is happy who prizes happiness . two things in life never run short : desire and sloth . habit is a cost-effective death for those who can't afford ... to answer your first question , i'm interested in starting conversation . to answer your second , people on this forum share loads of confidential information on a daily basis . so long as they ... i know that a thread has already been made on this topic , but i won't bother to find and revive it . furthermore , i'd like there to be a definite format . it should go as follows : an example ... ideology is cheap and disingenuous , like febreze . ( by ideology , i don't mean belief . i mean belief , systematized and dogmatized . ) i don't live with people who resort to using febreze ... this is a very good question , albeit neglected owing to the--ahem--audience . i mean it when i say : go to coffee shops and start conversations with random people . most are pretty open to ... hot showers . i never take cold showers , and would prefer i keep some semblance of hygiene . on a related topic , some philosophers actually wrote against masturbation . me : i'm going to go home , and i'm going to kill myself . friend : april fools ? ( i slowly shake my head . ) oh but people look well in the dark . ( two cents to whoever can guess what that's from . ) 499802 step 1 : disembowl sorry , i was copying from my other friend manual . anyway , engage him in one of the topics he finds interesting . let him talk to you . i find , if i talk enough to anything , be ... ah , to-fu , the most mysterious of the martial arts . yeah , but they always catch me before i get to the cornfield . it better ; i'm not paying for flat stanley . people rarely like their lives improved . they prefer wading in the pile of shit to which they've become accustomed . how very improper . but , if you must know , i can always ask them . depends . do its teeth retract , and will it not call me afterwards ? i've performed a successful measurement of my productivity . it's about 2000 ppm / oz . caffeine . tried that excuse , they still towed me . until i actually attract someone , i'll leave this one blank . 499658 ( so glad i got the chance to use that one . ) i like my salad as i like my women : undressed . catalina . being told i'm vulnerable really gets me . i realize i am the kind of person who performs flawlessly at level ten and beyond , but can't succeed at level one . solving advanced combinatorics problems ? self-studying calculus ? writing ... writer's block is terrible . i can only use short , basic words . ideas and analogies are as sparse as ... as ... '