' c3bbb i'm already on it . thanks . : wink : landofthesnakes well , i can't disagree to that . : ninja : bluekitdon i think i saying no to people would really help me a lot . thanks . : kitteh : ziwosa yes but doing work is just tiring so i actually end up doing something fun instead . : tongue : mirkwood that's true . i tried to set up a timetable and the next day i completely ignored it , it just felt uncomfortable . : frustrating : i watched the video and i relate to everything what she said ... the hammer thanks for the advice and sorry for the late reply ( i went back to boarding school and i forgot all about this post ! ) . i'm having a little problem with using dead time efficiently ... my first post since 2013 and here i am , stuck in a rut . i'm currently busy with club activities , have tons of homework and to top it all off , i have a high fever . any tips on time management for ... - reading wikipedia articles , fics , blogposts ( mostly on the internet ) fiction and non-fiction - thinking about my favourite characters ( i'm a nerd , i know ) - cats - the neighbourhood ( it''s a band ) ... hi , i'm alia and i live in malaysia and i've no idea what's my personality type is but i first identified myself as an infp ... i usually doodle when i have free time ; there is no such thing as ... cool ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrxlkFoHcto&list=PL60hk47i1mAWAEKvVQrXj05w 0hetv_klo & index = 198 who's that intp friend of yours ? reading : intp - chapter 1 : why do i feel disconnected ? when i was 6 , i used to think that babies were born through the belly button i usually read fanfiction since not many books around me catches my interest orz but i am currently reading anything but typical that my friend borrowed from our school's library like said on the ... welcome to pc ! ^ ^ lazing on my comfy bed while surfing the web ( which is what i am doing right now ) i tried once and then i lost motivation . now , whenever i write i feel scared that i might repeat the same mistakes again . happy and cheerful people do not irritate me . loud people do . my tumblr is in my signature . cahaya i can speak bahasa melayu and english . i can read arabic but i fail at actually talking in it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=kpHTyH3-Zws&NR=1 i like this so much coz i feel as if i'm screaming / singing also i'm fairly competitive , especially when i'm actually doing something that interests me . i'm literally sorry what i meant was underage drinking , i just don't want her to get into much trouble http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64qyqutEISo&list=UU6K5bihzPdd_nvwn5zLj6zA whenever i'm bored , i get super tired and refuses to do anything http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=BKQD2dDk7aw# ! i think it's pretty relevant :) the reason why i still keep my old stuff that i don't need is because i'm too lazy to throw em ' out :p this thread is perfect for fashion references when i'm drawing :p cahaya when i was a lil ' kid i wanted to be a fashion designer and an artist . :p well , what i am thinking right now is how to convince to my friend that illegal drinking is not cool . :P welcome to da club , chap . i would most likely not allow it , but if i were to eat someone else then i'll wing it ;) when people don't pay full attention to me when i'm saying something . unfortunately , this happens a lot . :p thank you . :) i'm a muslim . i like to collect art stuff . i don't even use em ' . :p i've found out that i'm an intp actually . :p hi and i honestly don't know whether i'm extroverted or introverted . anyways , you can call me alya since it's my username and it is spelled almost the same as my real name . nice to finally bothered ... '