' the relationship i have with my family is kinda problematic , specially because of my ideals and my point of view on things that are not compatible with the way my parents see the world . it may be a ... french fries . i haven't eaten breaded onion rings yet , but i'd like to someday watching a boring documentary or seeing the paint dry ? hot soup , i don't like to eat it cold salmon or tuna ? create mediocre art , that's what i'm doing :D taking a hot shower on a sunny day , or a cold shower in a snowy day ? steal an animal that was being neglected . if i end in prison , at least it wouldn't be because of being a bad person , but for injustice of law kiss a person , knowing that he / she could beat you if ... i don't have much knowledge about space , but it's fascinating to contemplate and reflect about how little we are in the whole universe . also , a starry sky is beautiful <3 and yeah ... i like to ... in these past days , i haven't feel very good , and i feel kinda tired because i don't think i have enough control of my emotions , so i decided to do this . i did these doodles of my moods , and i put it ... chaotic good human bard ( 1st level ) ability scores : strength - 11 dexterity - 10 constitution - 12 intelligence - 11 wisdom - 15 charisma - 10 i'm not very into techno , but i listen to some songs that , despite they don't sound very electronic in comparison to its subgenres , it still has some of it . i'll put some of my favorites at the ... thank you ! i appreciate your observation <3 i arrived late , just like in real life :D hello entps ! i'm flattered to be invited here . nice to meet you all , i'll give hugs to all of you ! sleep in a cave with 2 grizzly bears , definitely . i can deal with one or two bats , but not with hundreds of them swim in the sea with a shark while having an open wound , or be trapped in a cage ... in fact , when i feel identified with a character , i tend to imagine that i'm in the same situation like him / her , because the reactions according to what's happening are so accurate with my ... this is the last drawing i did , i finished it two days ago . i saw a photo on internet , and i saved it because i wanted to do something inspired by it , i'll show both of them the photo : 648274 ... usually i don't draw as much as i want , mostly because i have to do it in my free time , since my family doesn't take what i love seriously . lately , i draw more frequently , two or three times at week ... kittens , but i still like babies as well hot cocoa or coffee ? for valentines day , i made a present for some of my friends , because i wanted to brighten their day by giving them a little surprise . since february is not ended yet , i can still give them to you as ... maths stranded , because at least you're sure about what you want to do , even when there's something preventing you to keep your way . sadness or melancholy ? i need to add this song , because more of making me happy , it gives me motivation too i enjoyed the movie , even if it's not one of the best i've ever seen , it still has some good songs , and i like ... in most of the tests i've done , there were only two times where i got a different result , it was infj and isfj . i think it happens because of a mistype according to our mood , that's why i don't ... i'm not a huge fan of sonic , and i've never played this one , but i had time without listening this song <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY9m2sHQwLs tones high school musical , just because of nostalgia . i don't really like these types of musicals cold water , or hot water ? phone on vibrate . if i put it on silence mode , i couldn't answer any of the messages until it passed at least 3 hours . i get distracted easily xd chicken or beef ? the future . even if the past makes me feel nostalgic or melancholic , it still belongs there ... and we need to keep living without thinking too much about it . destiny or coincidence ? more like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9CrmlUrNq8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REZN5P4YiKI great lakes of canada <3 beaches or mountains ? scuff time has passed , and i'm here ... kinda confused , i don't know what i can do now . i regret so much the fact that i didn't follow my heart when everything here was more stable than now , and i could ... there are some songs that cheers me up , and this one is one of my favorites <3 ( sorry , i'm a weeb ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eyyhtOrKPI we live in a world where people think they know everything about others based on stereotypes , and they don't even ask about contexts or anything . it pisses me off , people underestimate the importance ... brain i love to draw , and lately i'm working on pixel art with an app named dotpict . it's really fun ! there are some of my recent work 638762  6387 70 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aI8awg4yIY pearl i'm never gonna be good enough for you can't pretend that i'm alright and you can't change me cause we've lost it all nothing lasts forever i'm sorry i can't be perfect usually , i fantasize with a quiet life . a life where problems actually has a practical solution and you can be actually happy with the results . a life where you can choose what you want to be , and ... i'm drawing waay more lately , and i'm trying a new detailed style of drawing . there are some examples 638722  6387 30 638738  6387 46 tiring , distraction , boring . huger sometimes i don't understand why some people actually enjoy when something bad happens to me . i have never done anything to them to deserve that mean attitude , although it's immature and stupid . nasty . i usually feel that way , but it depends on the person . i know some people who aren't as annoying as some other people , and i'd like to talk to them more frequently . it's not like i don't appreciate ... everytime i lose something i use a lot . it happens more frequently with earrings , and i can't help but feeling sad for a while . : sad : taste . to be honest , i haven't played the game , and i can't either , my computer doesn't have a good ram to run it properly . these drawings were a part of my first commission ! thank you for checking these ... lanes hyperactive , killing time . '