' so i know that since i am an intp i am supposed to be very good at math , but it is the opposite for me . i don't know why , but i am super bad at math . when i ask for help from my teacher , ... i just really love bees . hopefully i'm not the only one ... bees are so amazing . just look at this sorry , i intended to delete this http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/959762-please-type-me.html here is the new forum i took the mbti test some years ago and i feel like i ´ ve changed tremendously . so i'm obviously not going to write what my old mbti type was since that will create bias in some way . i know that ... del his work , he wants to work a place where he will be taken away for years at a time . i ´ m moving to england and i won ´ t come back anytime soon and my work requires my full attention too . well i think that i just want to have him there because he is pleasant and he understands me ( i suspect it is because he is an intp ) . well i don ´ t think its too complicated , i like him , he is ... it might be a mixture of a couple of things . he is a clever conversationalist therefore i enjoy talking to him . i wasn ´ t lonely before he showed up , i was quite alright with being alone . curiosity ... i am at this stage where everything reminds me of him . like , his favourite food is pizza . i ´ m smitten and it ´ s horrible . its not sexual , yet . i see it as purely romantic , i ´ ve tried to picture me ... i am very sure that i want to stop these feelings . i wouldn ´ t call it love . it ´ s not very strong or maybe it is , ive never felt this way before . i am already trying to find someone else to put my ... i shall try to do so , but it ´ s hard to even register that i think about him . which is a big problem for me . the boring or moody doesn ´ t work since he is that way without trying . i am too sort of ... a few months ago i started gaming with some friends everything was casual and okay . then i told them to take the mbti test . they did it and it turned out that one of the guys were an intp . being an ... i can too mimic old-fashioned singers , but i mostly do opera or jazz . infp , it ´ s easy for me to pretend that i have a lot of feelings and can relate to my classmates problems . while in my head i think what they did wrong and most of the time its their fault they are ... dear enfp i don ´ t want to go to a party . sincerely , intp anyone know what jhin is ? or can attempt to type him . oh , he ´ s playing to the voter base definitely . lucien the expression of self . allen the true , uninhibited , uncensored expression of the self . bill words , boys . empty words . fallout 4 , tes skyrim and dragon age 2 not everybody needs help . interesting , maybe something like that will happen for me too . i hope so really . i may still be too young ( ? ) mhm , and i think that that learning these necessarities is what put me off . i will though , from now be on the lookout for interesting mathematic areas . so far i ´ ve had something called p1 math , next year i ´ ll have p2 . ( i don ´ t know if it ´ s called p1 / p2 other places than scandinavia ) i like decoding things and such , but that is not taught in school , ... http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/degrassi/images/6/6e/You-Are-So-Dumb-Antoine-Dodson-Bed-Intruder-GIF.gif/revision/latest?cb=20131020232424 you forget that you ´ re human and need sleep , food and water . i ´ m really bad at typing things , dear me . well i ´ ll take a wild guess and go for ixtp ( ? ) i ´ m not sure at all . oh really ? another youngling haha . since you most likely are much better ... oh , how i envy you . i want to like math , but i find myself unable too unfortunately . why thank you and i suppose it is hard to type a characters from that brief description . istj maybe ( ? ) i ´ m not really good at typing people or characters , but this character reminded me of my istj friend . i agree with you . math classes tend to focus on unimportant things that we cannot apply to our daily lives . i find it useless and therefore uninteresting . i ´ ve read several times that intps make good mathematicians , but i find myself being terrible at it . maybe because i find it boring . what about you guys ? a wicked and clever mind , an artistic person , fast thinker , dominant , cunning , deep rough voice and oh analytic eyes ( to see someone analyse you intensely is one of the biggest turn ons ever ) . my mind is usually trapped in a fantasy world when i walk alone . i always think of new stories to write ( but never actually write them ) , what would happen if those characters were put in what ... so bloody true https://pics.onsizzle.com/Facebook-theworstoftumblr-16f60b.png https://secure.static.tumblr.com/5af532a826bb2e2ddda588b607ba7eed/bok9ir9/By2nnn7ca/tumblr_static_tumblr_static__640.jpg i ´ m sixteen years old and well here is my very .. very hurried writing . 520826 i must say that i agree with you . i do long for stronger feelings , but of course they won ´ t come . several people close to me died or horrible things have happened to them and i felt nothing and it ... welcome indeed . http://i727.photobucket.com/albums/ww274/Nom_dePlume/Sherlock%20Gifs/slysmile_zps69a2475e.gif by lifting your eyebrow after every sentence . works for me . https://66.media.tumblr.com/1585d20b21da63e25bd9240143082e67/tumblr_nimjtmtcun1tq4of6o1_500.gif dai is legendary . oh crap , i didn't see it . thanks for telling me though . sometimes when i try to explain things i ´ m very interested in it seems that my mouth can ´ t keep up with my brain . at that point i can ´ t even make full sentences that makes sense to most people . bird song http://i.imgur.com/Ks17qEJ.png ahaha , i ´ m sorry for ruining your plan there sir . the stereotypical intp . better at anything in general . kinda : anything you can do i can do better . why , hello there . https://66.media.tumblr.com/3cf080505328c1ecf9972ffd6e951556/tumblr_myt9h2zB5O1rzik3go1_500.gif snarky and clever comments . dank memes would you say you ´ re better than an intp ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LKbYhEwUoE '