' i had to deal with social anxiety for my whole life until recently . i didn't realize it was such a big problem until i started taking medication . my personality has changed so much on the outside ... ah . in that case in that case i'm not sure i would consider isfps particularly more cold or aggressive than infps . but , i think isfps are more physically expressive . they are generally described as ... whatever criteria you are using to figure out your type should not include how ' good ' or morally upright you consider yourself . mbti is not a measurement scale for virtues . he was just cool . i mean , he was the was the useless cop throughout most of the show , but he really turned it around at the end ( in a somewhat crazy way ) . i'm not a fan of his english voice ... touta matsuda from death note . i don't relate to him much but ... what a baller . mikado ryugamine from durarara ! ! was a remarkable character as well . he is introduced as an awkward , simple kid , but ... i had to go through a similar situation . i think going to a therapist is your best bet . even if its just for you , your mom will eventually have to join in the sessions . i used to play a lot of video games when the n64 and gamecube were around . these days i only play starcraft 2 . no , not in general . paraphrasing my previous post , i don't get the sense that intuitives are trying to make me angry . that part about people trying to anger me was more in the context of a ... sometimes i take jokes seriously when i'm not supposed to , but that is not a specific issue with ns . it tends to happen with other sensors too . other than that , i don't have any big issues with other ... my isfj mother is perfectly content just sitting in the back patio for hours during the afternoon . sometimes she sews or reads a book , but she spends most of her time staring into space . edit : sorry tough week . i don't enjoy losing money . these are exactly the kind of presumptions that cause isfps to mistype . i don't know how many members have seen the infp descriptions , but taking into account that : 1.stereotypes are too ... i'm majoring in computer science . i have to finish my calc and physics too . fuuun :d ry : calling oneself an apatheist doesn't necessarily make one an atheist . the belief in god's existence , or non-existence , isn't necessary . it is just the attitude that it probably doesn't make a real ... do you speak mexican ? i like writing more , but it is a painful process . it is rare for me to meet the word requirements for written assignments , even though i usually get good grades on them haha . i don't do writing or ... my boss is istj , and i can tell the lack of confidence bothers her.we get along fine though . the only problem i have is holding a conversation with her . ... you feel the need to edit , and re-edit , your sentence long post . i didn't find your post to be offensive . just bear in mind that many sensors are starting to feel very suspicious when people start to make generalizations about type . lately it has been more ... i'm optimistic as well . what is so strange about humans having their flaws ? i am incredibly reserved with people i don't consider my friends . i don't look down at them , i've just had many bad experiences trying to open up . well i do to notice the ' wtf ' expression on people's faces when they first meet me . it doesn't bother me as much as it used to though , and i tend to get along with anyone eventually . i honestly think you should break away . its not healthy to suppress those feelings for long periods of time . sure she is going to be upset , but it can't be as bad as what you are going through right ... i was referring to this part specifically : intuitives tend to start from the top , then work their way down to the bottom.the infp could convince himself that he is a ' t ' , then begin looking ... knowingly ? maybe a couple . but i think that example is describing more of an nesi process ( where the person is looking for facts that agree with a pre established idea ) . imo isfps are likely to ... i love nature as much as i enjoy eating it , and its delicious . ( now i feel guilty ) touching a sponge is like the noise of nails on a chalkboard . : laughing : hah when it seems to hard to say the truth i usually put up a closed smile and say nothing , and hope that people can pick up on the hint . yes , it frustrates people . but i really don't want to make ... whoa how did the op go from : infps dont tend to be emo , thats a stupid stereotype . to : isfps tend to be emo . : laughing : i've come to realize i'm too expressive for my own good . no matter what i say the frown always comes out . people immediately know when i'm not ok with something . i don't really dislike anyone . but i ... ' monster ' is epic . ( watch the sub though : laughing :) well i think one of the purposes of mbti is to provide tools for introspection . it helps us recognize and change our own negative tendencies and mature , moving further away from our stereotypes . i read this story not too long ago . it is about a painter who became colorblind after an accident : ... * flips coin * yes ! well what exactly are infp good at anyways ? :P i kid of course , but i want to know what you are basing these generalizations on . what exactly makes their work style not particularly ethical ? ... insults in general . the closer i am to someone the more likely i will take offense . i think fi does indeed make people prone to selfishness , or maybe ego centrism is a better term . it wouldn't be unusual for an isfp to put his / her own needs above those of others . trouble making ... i never played starcraft 1 , started playing sc2 since release and im kinda hooked . i cannot get my infp brother into it though . he finds it boring . isfpism ocd or both xd i just want to point out that isfps use ni not ne . considering we are introverts one might say we use ni as much as se ( when an isfp is quiet and aloof he is not using se ) . although its more oriented ... i dunno . but sometimes , when i'm musing over something , i will come up with two parties in my head debating about it . party 1 : wow my sfj mother said some really mean things . party 2 : well you ... by antisocial i hope you don't mean threatening people with a knife or setting fire to mailboxes . xd my infp brother and i tend to scream phony ! no sooner than the other . i have the same problem sometimes but that's because i have a lot of trouble explaining myself . some people think i'm really smart , others think i am plain dumb . oh well . math always came naturally to me as i kind of enjoy problem solving . now i'm actually majoring in computer programming , and i want to focus on software design as there is plenty of room to be ... so i just felt like making an odd thread today . what do you think of your body ? - is your body just something that gets your head around places or something more ? - do you like sports or any ... not enough people have said monster and code geass : shocked : anything you can do i can do better ! sorry i was mostly skimming through the thread , i forgot to address your op . i don't have trouble keeping commitments personally , though i admit i avoid them as much as possible to prevent that ... '