' lol , of course . clearly your name is mike , bill , bob , or something like that . ;) i totally relate to both of you , since i was given what i consider a boy's name at birth . yeah , i know , in the us there are more female robins than male , but consider the * famous * ones , and they're ... i know a mr . and mrs . lenard , and they put the accent on the second syllable . as an istj , i must comment on the grape nuts . you have us correct , but all-bran is a much better relief for constipation . : laughing : have you ever thought of answering , t-h-a-t ? well , you are certainly going to be a delightful presence around here ! i'm already enjoying your posts . lol , my parents didn't even give me my rare name . i changed it as an adult . and i think i chose right , because i have encountered only one other raya . and that was a changed name too . : crazy : ... you make only the 3rd nedra i've ever heard of . :) francisco ? well , i'm definitely an sj , although a year ago i tested as a wavering infj . the n and f were borderline , and have decidedly shifted to the s and p side now . a year ago i married an istj husband ; i ... i am a knit-wit . this includes all kinds of needlework--knitting , crocheting , sewing , needlepoint , embroidery , etc . i enjoy music . i play the keyboard , but not well , and i sing . my taste ... i didn't read through all 6 previous pages . has anyone suggested european american as compared to african american asian american latin american , etc . ? i also check other on ... my husband , whose name is michael , never knew until i told him today what his name means . he had just figured it to be the name of an archangel , and left it at that . i pointed out the meaning to ... haha , no . elizabeth says she's definitely no marcia , but tiffany is rather jan-ish . our cindy was named jessica , and died as a baby 21 years ago . : sad : mike only has one son , not three , and ... hate . fighting . prejudice . corporate greed . puppet politicians . i'm asking the impossible . big animal lovers in this house . we have three cats who are members of our family , one of our favorite channels to watch on tv is animal planet , and we'd get more animals if we had the income and ... is mrs . lowjob's first initial b ? i heard of a man who was very uncomfortable with the military policy of using the first initial and the last name on everything . because his name was paul enis . i also knew a kimberly wemberly . and a yvonne van valkenburg . hard to say , that one ! and a thomas thomas thomas . yep--first , middle and last name all the same . among the funniest i've ever heard ... i just recently saw gordon lightfoot in concert . he is one of my all-time favorites , and i'd been wanting to see him since i was about 9 years old . finally got to . the man is nearing his 71st ... hubby says he sucks with words too . and he pretty much does ... it's just not a gift of his . maybe there is some other way you can communicate . we met online and started off with e-mail , then ... to the outside world , i guess my husband and i look boring . conflict between us is rare , and then usually due to a misunderstanding rather than a personality clash . most of our time together is ... well , the i and the j are the same as before , and they've been pretty strong aspects of my personality . the n / s and f / t have been borderline and could go back and forth . i suspect my husband has ... we like to sit together and watch grass grow . : tongue : i appear to be an istj , married to another one . our marriage is working beautifully . i am convinced we are soulmates . even though we are both shy around the public , we are never at a loss for ... a year ago i tested as an infj , kind of wavery on some of those . now i test strongly as an istj , and what's more , so does my husband . what is happening ? washington , the state as opposed to dc . i had tried to register as simply bradylady , but it was taken . : confused : hahahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! oh yeah ? well ... http://www.modernpooch.com/archives/killer.jpg interesting that i said this . i'm having a conflict now , on another message board where i had been on staff , because someone wronged me and all i'm asking for is a simple apology , but apparently ... no , just a pic i found on the ' net and thought it was cute . i love jacks , but they're too hyper for me . : tongue : i'm an infj , and i listen mostly to stuff nobody else likes . :) country , soft 70 ' s rock ( lobo , firefall , etc . ) and other schmaltz everyone else complains puts them to sleep . hello . i'm a new infj and must say i'm enjoying this thread . god bless america , am i gullible ! i'll believe any sob story given to me , and empty out my pockets to help someone who in the end ... lion king is my favorite . i also like enchanted with amy adams . :) hi . infj here , a little ambivalent on the n and j , but very much i and f . at first i was afraid to join , so i'm just sticking my big toe in and testing the waters . i'm feeling a little timid ... '