enough to make me feel comfortable when i'm out in public with them . i dont like chicks with a big tail bone it makes doggy style hurt a little . hey im just being honest . you kinda look like a female version of me its scary . i'd also be scared cause you have the same personality type . im not good with feelings so ya . im more critical about a spouse then just ordinary people because i feel like you have to have some standards in that department cause theyll be the father / mother of your children and i look for ... schizotypal personality disorder is a personality disorder characterized by a need for social isolation , anxiety in social situations , odd behavior and thinking , and often unconventional beliefs ... thank you very much . i feel i will have to distance my self from him and my parents cause i resent them for not making a conscious effort to help or understand my brother more so with my dad . this ... thank you for the compliment as a intp i've never felt self-centered . you just reminded me to compliment more as i did when i was trying to build my extrovert side . thank you . i almost thought i'd ... long story short , i am a intp younger brother to my infj older brother . we a estj mother and istj father . yea ... i'm the only one in my family as far a i know that has availability to this ... im having this problem too right now . im also on add medication . i use to have alot of motivation in my internet marketing but since ive reached a content level i've stopped really getting work done ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT_eKx8PDuE premium free stuff | the best site to save hundreds of dollars on premium internet content ! http://youtu.be/ko2ztmt6Svk intp ? i just watched the movie and i thought it really portrayed him as a intp let me give you a life lesson women are the are great puzzle that can never be finished or theyre all fucking nuts no thank you thats really good advice . im still not over my ex girlfriend and its been 2 months . when i think about it i get nosious and want to vomit and cry . she didnt explain why she broke up with me when she did . then she said we ... ive been waiting for one of you old wise successful intp's to write this post . come on man we have nobody to teach us this stuff . where has this post been ? please review my site how can we earn money intp are the leaders of the i's . not e's though . true ? or false ? lol no i just thought it was funny cause you shut my ass down thats so mean . chrysantheist let me set you all straight . attraction is a key factor in a relationship and im not going to feel bad about ranking a girl off the start . know if a girl is a dumbass and stupid ... i seem to find humor in stuff when im at work or out with people that alot of people wont notice or even get if i tried to explain to them ? hell yesss i can not pass up a girl above a 7 , if she shows interest in me . i go right into a serious relationship . i dont even notice if were compatible or not . if the conversation flows and it ... age : gender : current relationship status : number of gf / bf's you've had officially : number of casual relationships : its been a whole month and today out of nowhere i started crying about it why am i not over this bitch yet ugh id like to get some of my brother intps thoughts on my website i built acne pimples all criticisms are appreciated thanks your criticism is appreciated ive always had the stay with one person cause i think its too much work getting a bunch of girls , id perfer to find someone who would just stay with me a while , any girls i like dump me and the girls ... cashply - jan-feb front page any comments are appreciated . lets hear your ideas wise intps she said she wanted to focus on work and school which i didnt believe , but shes so dumb who knows ? the break up was about 2 weeks ago no it was earlier and she doesnt remember her biggest issue is her adoptive mom they just dont get along very well , she claims thats why she smokes i just overanalyzed the breakup and went ... im having a really hard time not fantasizing about her she was my dream girl as far as looks but not personality wise sex was amazing everything else not so much she was adopted , parental abuse , smoker , not very bright , not alot of interests , i always ... so i was wondering if any of you intp guys have tried pick up art , to get women . i learned about this stuff on and off , it really helped me express myself and to say hi to more women and increased my ... i got dumped out of nowhere and it seems like only the girls i want to really wanna keep dump me . she told me she wants to focus on school and work and she needs to think about the future ? ? ? isint ... need a world wide competition - the olympics , pan american games , tour de france , world cup soccer , freedom games , america's cup . paper is to be four pages minimum . i need help on this some sources ... i think i seem to create conflict or just point out the most little things and idk why ? is it cause i could be bord and just want to make it more interesting ? listen to lil wayne and lloyd in i miss that pussy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bO_ubLIxqEc its intp and intj sorry what would b good and bad about a intp man and intj women ? please list thanksss all the girls ive ever had have just come too me ive never been able to be the inishiator i guess i come off too people as creapy idk what are your opinions about them ? i think they are too into themselves and caring but uncaring about people well i dont go to school its not that i have a problem i think its cause im insecure but alot of people say when they just hear me talk its dumb does anyone else have this problem i just have a hard ... nvm she said i was controlling ok so we met online and were both 17 know and we dated on and off for 2 years know and we had really good times and bad times . but this last time we only got together for 4 days and the first two ... how do you gain confidence and develop your e and f functions ? fuck the outside lol from intp men i would like to know some successful tips youve had with women for getting girls