' agree with the other answers to this posted above . i definitely notice a lot more affection from my non istj partner when we have been physically separated for more than a few days . i on the other ... most definitely . would also also highly recommend mr . nobody . echoing some of the earlier thoughts posted i agree that life is too short to spend a significant chunk of it doing something that makes you unhappy . especially when there are emotionally better ... i enjoy doing it because it is also one of my primary love languages plus it makes him happy . if it wasn't my primary love language i probably would still do it , just not as frequently . i'm not ... asking them about things they are passionate about even though you would never initiate a conversation about that subject if it were anyone else . taking the initiative to do nice things for them ... i believe in organised chaos . and cleanliness . to clarify , i believe in neatness only where it improves the efficiency of its purpose enough to justify the cost of keeping it neat . definitely ... black ballpoint pens and cursive . pencil leaves behind residue on this lefty's hand . this is something that i sometimes contemplate too . to try to inject drive into their lives would almost seem like overstepping my boundaries and being overbearing . trying to get them to be something ... i sometimes pretend to be more friendly or sociable than i feel . i guess also being cordial to people i can't stand if you can call that pretending , i view it more as being polite . i have never been / extremely / attracted to somemone but generally when i am attracted to someone i act normal , possibly laugh or smile a bit more but that's about it . i have also been known to ... i haven't read the rest of this thread but would just like to blare the typo horn on question 16 ) self-care an personal comfort are far more important to me than most people . tut tut . in ... soothing ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDnyy0Sgsh0 haven't read the previous posts so apologies in advance if there is any duplication . i don't mind the light colour-scheme but strongly dislike the textured background colour which is playing havoc ... i haven't really explored the site enough to comment on navigational issues with finding things . i do have comments regarding the colour scheme however . i don't mind the light colour-scheme but ... ideas : - scrapbooky sort of thing ie with photos of memorable times spent together - handmade card - bake something for him - the standard valentine's day gift of a box of chocolates wasn't planning on doing anything for valentine's day . but after some not-as-subtle-as-he-thought questioning by the boyfriend i guess i will end up making something for him . pretty sure i know what ... thanks for pointing that out , i wasn't aware that you couldn't physically post a message less than 10 characters . interesting though considering how it doesn't really stop people from posting short ... when they are very good at following rules to a tee such as obeying the minimum 10 character post rule by putting 10char at the end of the post . i personally don't see the point in doing that as ... this thread may also be of interest to you : http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/23138-how-did-you-meet-your-so.html you haven't given a lot of information about her . generally i try to give presents that align with their interests / hobbies . i personally cherish handmade gifts the most . i'm not really sure if mbti ... ^ ouch . in other news , elysia has gained a romantic interest for the first time where the feeling is mutual and things are progressing extremely slowly ( to the point where at times i pondered ... i actually don't mind revival of necro threads as long as something informative / useful gets posted as even if the original poster doesn't have the issue anymore it could be useful information for ... length of time : varies depending on how much quality time i spend with the person in optimal settings . i show my true self when i deem them to be a friend worth keeping around . in my personal ... do you let people see you cry ? : immediate family - yes . though it is usually caused by arguments so when the tears start i wrap up the argument and usually migrate to somewhere where i can be ... well since it has already risen from the grave so to speak : - having a shared sense of humour - taking things slowly / not rushing into a relationship one of the last things i posted on facebook : i can hear a sound only audible to young people - what about you ? note : it is an irritating sound . i've noticed this about someone who i think is an isfp . whenever i make a negative statement about something he is usually quick to defend it by offering an alternative viewpoint . i view it as a ... have had the oooh bit replaying in my head , guess it doesn't help that i've been singing it on and off too . the studio version isn't available on youtube .  ... it is a human display of emotion that isn't fully controllable . there are probably people who can start and stop crying on demand but those are generally fake tears . crying is usually uncontrollable ... if i was crying in front of someone , it'd feel awkward because i'd much rather cry alone . i don't want people to see me crying because i don't want people to feel sad or uncomfortable because of it ... the only time i've ever seen a man cry is when his girlfriend was also there so at the time i mentally delegated the responsibility to comfort him to his girlfriend and i just pretended he wasn't ... i've had this playing on repeat for the last few hours . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZfIOBUCOvA ( this song may have already been posted on this thread already ) i just imagined the last two posts being said in a robotic tone like amy's off the big bang theory : crazy : . i like the calm rational / logical mentality . my excel table + random statistical measures ( for fun ) elysiacorgigirlseladeamombti enthusiastout 0fammo1987 01444553233 62841 02241606112 11510 03172930202 80622 ... i'm an example of nature ( uncanny likeness to father in the ways we are wired / how we think ) which has been mellowed out via nurture ( influence of mother ) . interesting article : snappy ... how to understand him better --> ask him questions to learn more about him but also make it clear that it's alright to not answer if he feels uncomfortable with certain questions . though in saying ... type one : 44 type two : 24 type three : 17 type four : 2 type five : 46 type six : 22 type seven : 0 type eight : 19 type nine : 36 talk to him and be frank about your thoughts on the situation . maybe he is unaware that in your mind he seems to be distancing himself or maybe he really is purposely distancing himself . the answer ... the person who has asked me that question the most is a guy . though granted he is the only guy in the list of people who have ever asked me that question ( only get asked it about once a year or less ... 1 . why do you always look so mad ? are you mad ? ( asked by your friend who's not that close to you ) i've never been asked that before . similar to corgigirl , i've only ever been asked are you ... this better quality image of likeness will self destruct in the near future : crazy : oooh do you have the sheet music for bach cello suite no1 prelude in g major ? that is one of my favourite ... the tone of your vocals reminds me of the old-style singers who had awesome voices : happy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLriEdFDkFM the chorus of this song is too high for me hence my ... never heard that song before either . chorus is catchy though , was singing along by the end of the video . i liked your happy swaying : crazy : i'd wanted to join my high school choir but i ended ... if it was me and there was no way i could see it working out , i'd say it straight that no , i didn't like you that way . i may try to soften the blow depending on the situation / context . i'm not ... i never ask people how are you as a greeting or as a conversational phrase because i usually don't want to know the answer nor do i care about the answer as it is normally fine or good which i ... my solution is to close door and lock . then ignore bangings on door . : crazy : nah , i'm generally left alone if my door is closed . you were blind to me , now i'm blind to you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEozZV04UwU i normally sleep like c and more like a when i'm feeling cold . sometimes i fall asleep like d but always wake up on my side . also pretty sure i have posted something similar to this on another istj ... if you haven't already , perhaps search up some threads in the infj forum or seek advice there on how to best deal with the aftermath . some threads that i searched up , not sure how many of them are ... for people who pique my interest or who i want to find out more about what kind of person they are , i make assumptions from things that i observe about them as well what they say and how they act ... '