' it's a long story . no it isn't . you just don't feel like telling me . so say that . commitment team industry-wide infrastructure , enterprise-grade solution , leveraging management increase ... i'll listen to a lot of different music , but the stuff that i always come back to is classic rock and hard rock . bowie , queen , mccartney , aerosmith , clapton , gnr ... hearing's my primary sense , ... my synthetic friend : - looks like captain jack sparrow - is an authorized , functional u . s . mint - is fully functional and programmed in multiple techniques - comes with an iron man suit - ... got that one out of the way pretty early in life . every subsequent instance of unrequited lust , i think , has been one-sided . :p roud : you are now free to work on whatever pet projects you feel like at work . your boss doesn't like your new direction but is too passive-aggressive to recommend that he'd / she'd rather you work on a ... it depends on at least two things : how much she wants you and how confident she is . women range from being traumatized by everything , to not afraid of anything , and of course , that'll color how ... whatever the chemicals are ( dopamine , perhaps ? ) ... that person has become a drug and needs to be treated as such . cut yourself off from them cold turkey . don't think , don't look , don't talk , don't ... if you knew star trek lore , you'd know that even vulcans have to force themselves to be vulcans--they also go batshit crazy when their emotion dam cracks . ( it was used as a plot device several ... when it happens to me , it's fear that keeps me from talking to him . i'm either ( a ) afraid he'll reject me , or ( b ) afraid i'll find out that even though i'm his friend , he's not mine . ( a ) is ... that's a rational fear--we can see it . : tongue : guilty ! lmao . i am so trying this with the next intj co-worker i find . when i was 4-5 years old , i couldn't get enough of building , fixing , or learning . i had my own personal library ( mostly classic literature and reference books ) , all sorts of building blocks , a ... the way i'm put together is at odds with pretty much all of religion's goals and tenets . i don't think i could choose to be religious , any more than i could choose to be a man . this one ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj1O_-P67pY i love that movie ! they're not husband and wife in the movie , though . i think the scene's relatively realistic--i've had romantic ... i see being married as financially and socially advantageous . not advantageous enough to seek it out for its own sake , though . i don't understand the draw of the actual ceremony , though , with all ... when ( guys in particular ) know they're intjs , and use lame excuses like i don't have any emotions for not even trying to interact socially as an adult . i've run into a couple of those so far . tim minchin can ... ha ha . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrgFIlnmrGk i think blue ocean's explanation is more likely than photographic memory in this instance ... especially since photographic memory wouldn't help you remember a lecture . ;-) this sums up pretty ... i think in words . i don't really ever visualize anything . my visual memory is near-useless , so for me , of all the ways there are of recognizing things and people , visual is dead last . of ... seconded . there was one that reached out and grabbed me with lyrics , though : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOgpT5rEKIU i've met lots of people who are about to finish a game-changing self-help book . prove to us that you're not a statistic by linking the amazon page to it , and we'll talk . even then , what's a ... mac os x server : cannot authenticate to smb shares when bound to windows server 2008 active directory the article refers to smb shares on domain-attached os x servers , but it apparently also ... disclaimer : i'm not a guy , but being that i seem to get along better with guys , i sometimes wonder whether i'm actually from mars and not venus . your mileage may vary . people who have ... the interactions between the characters , and the characters ' reactions to extraordinary circumstances , is always my favorite part of every dramatic tv show . i think i liked sgu the best , closely ... get along with : entj , infp , intp , some intjs . get irritated by : high-maintenance drama queens . ( whatever type that is . ) ugh . also , the other intjs that aren't included above . : laughing : disclaimer : i'm a windows server admin by trade . i use whichever one has the software or features i need to accomplish a task in the least amount of time . if the software i need is available ... i was in the navy for 2 years of a 4 year contract , and hated every moment of it . at my command , appearances trumped job performance , and punishments were intended to demoralize instead of change ... extend your awareness outward from yourself to include that other person . you're so focused on how those other people are making you feel ( confused ) , that you're not trying to understand why they ... i can't hear plethora without this scene popping into my head : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mTUmczVdik i think you know you're an intj when all your ex-boyfriends call you for help with ... i always had plenty of frilly girly-stuff , thanks to extended family who didn't know any better , and it didn't take my entj mom very long to pick up on the fact that her kid liked building blocks , ... let's see , fifteen ... fifteen ... about the same as now , with some movies weighted more because i wasn't as familiar with classic themes as i am now , so they seemed much more profound than they do ... sure seems like that , doesn't it ? i've met a few of them--i seem to be an intj magnet . ( even so , it seems like there aren't enough of us . ) if you want confirmation of her type , just bring up some ... it depends on the other person--how shy is he ? how aggressive is he ? how confident is he ? how he acts around me will dictate how i flirt with him . it can end up being anything from laughing at his ... dave barry . <-- click ! i'm not asperger's--i'm intj . i can be gracious , empathetic , and even girly when i need to be . the fact that you can't find me means i'm probably pretending to be someone else . that person ... i do . what i don't have the capacity for is to let love ( or any other emotion ) rule me . i do slip up , from time to time , and throw caution to the wind , and do something completely over-the-top in ... my favorites : don't worry , you'll want kids someday . must you argue with everything ? ( hey , i thought we were brainstorming . f-types , sheesh . ) why don't you just ask him ? and by ask him , i mean , are you avoiding me ? ( the biggest complaint i hear from guys in general is that girls won't get to the point . ) by not asking him , you're ... man , being a 17 - year-old intj girl was tough . the really cute guys aren't interested in you , and mostly you're not interested in them either ; and your interesting geeky guy friends from the computer ... oh , yeah i will . particularly if it's a guy , and i want him to know that i'm totally interested . or maybe if i think someone hasn't been getting the recognition they deserve and needs championing . ... 1 . johnny depp . 2 . love potion # 9 . 3 . solar-powered laptop with satellite internet connectivity . if i had those ... f @ # $ civilization . : tongue : ( aww , someone else beat me to the punch with ... what pisses me off ? people ( especially other intjs ) with no sense of humor . intjs that i meet that want me to believe that the reason they don't have a sense of humor is because they're an intj ... http://www.metacafe.com/watch/2738528/stop_smoking_with_nicotrel/ my friends and i threaten each other with nicotrel every time we think someone needs an intervention because they're doing ... i took the mbti for the first time in high school . i wished i'd seen it in first grade , so i could have skipped all the years between where i was trying ( and failing ) , on bad advice from my family ... i don't think that a religion that you make up is really a religion . wait ... i may have stumbled onto something here ... what pisses me off ? well , aside from everything lewis black mentioned last ... the only enfj i know is my grandmother , and she drives me insane . she lives to show off her emotions to the rest of the world . she's always offended , or despondent , or afraid , or ecstatic . she ... when i draw a portrait , the person's soul ends up on the paper , as experienced by me . when i write a program or a script , that program tries to infer what the person wants , with the least amount of ... inside every cynic , there is a disappointed idealist . - - george carlin http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak6iEPkcHfs bow down before the epicness that is queen . love the carlin clip . that's my religion , you know--i'm a carlinist . or ... carlinitarian . carlintologist ? personally , i just don't get war . i don't get how someone can be such a failure , or ... it changes over time , but some of my current favorites are : the princess bride ( of course , right ? ) idiocracy history of the world part i ( and a bunch of other mel brooks movies ) how to train ... '