' i found this on facebook . i submit this as evidence of reincarnation ! haha just kidding but it is pretty weird : kitteh : thought i'd share have a history teacher explain this if they can . ... i can relate to being unmotivated . i'm not a social chameleon though , but i've probably done it before . it might be more to say i'm a social cockroach . i scurry aware from people like a roach to a ... a wild onix appeared where are all you guys hanging out ? we could all get together and drink some cocaines :) its okay because i'm not a cop 58618 welcome the only tenet of atheism is lack of belief in at least one god . lack of belief in deities , that is atheism thats all thats it . if you think that is a broad term it is . there are a lot of different ... i think that you have a warped view of what atheism is . i'm sure there are atheists that subscribe to what you just described , not all atheists are the same . but the majority of atheists i have run ... there is a lot of messed up stuff in the bible promoting the stuff that you just laid out . there are too many verses to comb here and i don't want this thread to evolve into a debate / argument so if ... i don't reject religion because of what it has done in the past , christianity is not the only religion . i reject religion because its irrational :P but on the bible yes there are some good teachings ... intps are the most represented group on this forum probably . get out we don't have anymore room for club applicants ! >:( haha jk welcome :) now i'm curious , why do you think that atheism is arbitrary ? i would argue that it is not . ok . the way it was worded it sounded like you were directing your post at me . in regards to arguments , it shouldn't matter who is making the argument , what their qualifications are , or what their ... it was based around an observation . i have f type friends and family who were raised religious and a lot of arguments they give as to why they believe in god are emotional and often not rational . i ... what was undeserved , if you read my message it was positive . i'm also skeptical about your assertion that dualities are perfect matches . its fair to say i actually don't believe you . 1 , it depends on ... the reason for that is , as many atheists including myself will tell you , is that if you believe something you should believe it based on evidence . evidence is how we know something is true or if ... well on one site it says that esfjs don't really have an internal value system and they develop their values externally portrait of an esfj esfj is free to comment . this is very different from a lot ... it depends on the situation . if i fucked up , i'd want someone to be honest and tell me i fucked up not sing my praises . i may not like being told that and i rarely do at the time but i do think about ... i guess it makes sense if you were raised in it . as to why i have the idea there would be less f atheists is i don't know if its stupid logical reasoning here but i thought if an f was raised in a ... it is one of their bad traits [ / font ] [ / color ] http://www.personalitypage.com/ESFJ.html nts really don't like being manipulated xd especially intps like me and entjs who like to be the ones in ... i was raised fundamentalist born-again christian . my transition began as i tried to reconcile science with my religion specifically evolution . evolution teaches that all life evolved but the bible ... 2 healthy types can make it work , however its harder to make it work between certain types due to completely different needs and outlooks . i see you are an entj , thats quite a strong personality . it ... no i haven't found anyone famous . i don't remember their names . my computer decided to delete all of my work which had like 500 members on it - _ - oh yeah if you were related to charlemagne you could ... watch carl sagan videos , thats how i found my direction xd on a side note carl sagan was an entj what do you think a world with no emotions would look like ? no bored , no happy , no angry , no sad , no excited , etc nothing . would you like to live in such a world why or why not ? are any nfs here atheist ? this is a question i thought about today . for some reason i have the idea that f types are less prone to atheism so i'm wondering if there are any . if so why are you an ... not to sound like a dick but that is quite laughable xd i think its funny haha mmmm i don't know how much you want my advice but as a fellow nt i would drop him like a bag of rocks after that . i won't come crawling back to someone . i'm open to opening dialogue about it but if ... both of us have introvert tendencies . we both like to read , carry on in depth conversations , and hate small talk . neither one of us is the partying type , and we prefer to be with smaller groups of ... crap this was meant for the nf board haha . well . i don't know where this discussion should go woah woah woah slow down . we are thinking about different situations and you mischaracterized a truthful opinion that a thinking type may make . what you described is being a dick , i'm not advocating ... not true . i'm responding specifically to the person i quoted who said she feels that thinking types are harmful until they prove otherwise . t types especially nt types have a tendency to be blunt ... lol it seems like the verdict is in disfavor of them xd i think some of them are alright . i get along and like intuitive feelers better than sensing ones . i particularly like infjs and enfjs i don't ... oh yes i know there are people that want to be something they are not haha . i think you're missing my point . if you're actually on a personality site and understand this stuff i have a hard time ... usually that is admiration of a certain trait they exhibit though . i . e . entjs are usually good with money , i wish i could manage money like a boss , the doesn't mean i wish i was an entj . there is a ... its good that you try to keep learning ! tracking genealogy is fun , i've only tracked mine to the 1400s ... how the hell did you get all the way back to 500ad ? in regards to op being a specialist is ... lol i do this . generally i'm very good at tying something that may seem unrelated at first back into my original point if i am uninterrupted . if i'm interrupted thats different though because then i ... while i like some feelers , particularly intuitive feelers such as enfj and infj , they are truly odd people ! i like to sometimes browse the nf forums too see what kind of stuff they are talking about ... illogical :P if you are easily offended then yes t types can hurt your feelings especially nt types because they are notorious for being blunt about what they think . that being said t types ... well duh , i think every person here would say the same thing . being that personality type is what you're comfortable with and used to because its you . you can't imagine what it would be like to be ... my cousin is intj i'm intp my mom is intp and another cousin is also intp . from my experience i think from a social standpoint intps are more patient less rigid and more permissible with people than ... i have a friend and she is trying to get back with her ex . her ex doesn't like me much and before they broke up he told her that she couldn't talk to me anymore if she wanted to be with him . she told ... yes i'm sure the constant stream of tears of the floor helps cleans that makeup on the ground right quick ... poor feeler . speaking of which how old is your girlfriend man ? makeup on the floor sounds ... haha but you are saying something that is easy for a j should be simple for a p :) i'm an intp not an entj haha . i could just as easily say to you why don't you sit back for a while and not give a ... nope :) multitasking makes you bad at whatever you are trying to do roflmao : laughing : 5 scientific reasons you're a bad employee | cracked.com think of it this way my fellow nt , if we intps spent all of our time cleaning our space we wouldn't be so interesting to you entjs lol because that could be spent cleaning is spent thinking instead ... too lazy to clean my space man . ttldd : takes too long didn't do . : bored : be another nt and it comes without effort . i have an entj friend and he's great . in my experience nts usually get along well especially intps and entjs like i said my friend is an entj but so is my ... it depends on the context which is more powerful . i can think of several examples where i went super logical on something and ignored a feeling . i can think of where a feeling has crushed any sort of ... what is angular momentum ? sorry for all the questions i'm just curious how do the rules change between the big and the small when they are traveling close to the speed of light ? '