adding on to this , for the past few days i've had a cold and i took it easy today . i don't talk to people often and this was fun little game i could work with . inxp tmlt be considered incredibly strange . has it really been 6 hours ? i spend most of my time either at work , reading about history , or on these forums . sometimes a mix . oh boy ... isfps and isfjs have a great history of hating us . tmlt have a big brother / little sister fetish . ( pref . two types , one for each side of the relationship ) ixfj tmlt hate entps . esfj tmlt be a rationalist . ( let me continue a little rant here ... ) ( considering francis bacon , a probable intj and definite te user was the father of empiricism , can it be concluded that ... dawww : blushed : intp tmlt be an empiricist . enfp tmlt be a philosopher . istp tmlt bait assassination attempts . entj tmlt be a mafia lord . estp tmlt run a prison . esfp tmlt enjoy being homeless . intj tmlt intentionally ninja people . enfx tmlt quickly adapt to being ninja'd . xstp tmlt be considered normal . intp because they are unlikely to have mastery over their body's senses ? tmlt flirt for fun , not a date . tmlt be incestuous . looping infj tmlt drink gasoline . intj tmlt prefer iphone over androids . esfx tmlt ask the same tmlt's . extj tmlt be an actor / actress . isfp tmlt prefer function over fashion . does not compute . probably intj . irony at its finest . enfx tmlt be the least forward-thinking of the nj types . infx tmlt think laughing leading into coughing fits is funny . bwh infp / enfp tmlt hate people who don't understand cognitive functions and attempt to type other people . damn inferior se . inxj tmlt point out discrepancies in statements . ixfj , infj on a more personal and profound level . tmlt be forgetful . istp tmlt be convinced they are a reincarnation of someone . ixtj tmlt be a centrist . inxp tmlt be a progressive . istp or estj tmlt believe in multiple messiahs . ixtj tmlt hate people of their own type . esxp tmlt cosplay . intj with entp tmlt rarely talk to people , but if they've found a new friend / conversationalist , talk often and daily . estp tmlt love the opposite of their type . isxp tmlt want power / influence for the purpose of achieving their goal rather than for the power / influence / money itself . extj tmlt most easily talked into living a purely ancient roman lifestyle . entx , favoring entp tmlt want to be dominated . xsfj tmlt prove that some conclusions that are viewed as prejudiced are not prejudiced . probably infp . tmlt be able to identify motives easily . esxp bwh , i get the feeling that the last tmlt you posted pertained to your personal experience ? tmlt be a muslim . highest rates were actually ixtjs , with istjs slightly higher . ohp , ninja'd . hmm , intp ? tmlt have a mommy kink . ( boy , this has been a sexual day . ) ooh , that's a good one . enfj tmlt have a kink for femboys . istp or infj in a loop . tmlt enter a loop . ixfp , favoring isfp tmlt psychoanalyze almost anyone they come across . intp / istj for the reason that it is considered tricking your mind that is built to need / want human relationships . tmlt view sex robots as a useful addition to society . to treat something such as a sex toy or tool as a person and / or act like it is a conscious entity . xstp or incredibly unhealthy esfps . tmlt treat sex objects as people . infj :p roud : actually probably xstj german . tmlt think about people in a strictly strategically sense .