' roflmao ! ! ! if they call me ( sarcastic and whiny ) , i say , hey ? ! got a cellphone ? good , then call someone who cares what you think . i know ! ! ! you cry in your sleep and wish that was true . wow , the assumption is that entp's are all promiscuous . while we'd all love the attention and being desired ( and rightfully so ) , one can't assume that's always the case . don't mind goat cheese , that's why i dislike them less than squirrels . had squirrels that built a nest in my roof . and when you trap them , ( i use a live trap ) , they give you nothing but attitude . yeah , they're assholes . and give goats time - they'll mess with you too , ... i'd know . i like kitten . goats and squirrels on the other hands are jerks . i personally wouldn't like a kitten being sacrificed . a goat - - definitely , but not a kitten . they definitely do look like ovaries . i very much agree with you . i don't like to argue , but i sure do like to debate . and a debate isn't personal , but rather helping us sharpen our wits and worldview , as well as add to our arsenal of ... wow , you have pretty low standards in sexual partners if you'd even consider an erotic evening with a gorilla . i don't mind a little small talk . i understand sometimes it's just part of breaking the ice , and a jumping off point for another conversation or topic ( provided there is another conversation or ... i'm an entp , and prefer making eye contact . granted you break the eye contact or you'll just freak the other person out , but leaning in and making what is considered normal eye contact is something ... entp's ? depends on the question really . if there's an opening for a great barb or quip - we'll more often then not go that route . but if it's a serious question and we actually have a strong opinion on it ... keep in mind that bonobos also have sex with juveniles , close relatives and have even been known to group rape females . in addition , the males will rub their scrotums together ( back to back ) after a ... actually , there is more of a biological reason for monogamy then you think . when a lion pride is taken over by a new male , he kills the previous male's offspring . while male lions have multiple ... i find that promiscuity is very expensive - physically , emotionally , and definitely financially . you'll note that the people that publicly promote sexual infidelity and promiscuity are often those ... i'd give them some space . i know i freak out if someone moves fast before my emotions have had a chance to catch up with theirs . lol ! i love my fellow entp's . yes it's true . what some people consider normal behavior - we consider flirting . we just assume the other person can tell we're flirting - which is why so many entp's don't marry until later in ... i looked at your signature - you might have rewrote your response 6 times , but you misspelled lothario . don't you hate when that happens ? ? i like that victims of their love line . can i use that in my next book ? it's priceless . well , i'll only seek out people i don't like only so long . and if i discover they don't like me - i end up avoiding them eventually . i'm unlikely to throw pearls before swine for too long . life is ... my vote is on lazy . or a chunk of ham right from your sandwich on the couch for your staring cat too . amen forte , amen . if an infj thinks they can blow sunshine up zombie skirts - they'll be the first to have their craniums opened up for dessert . okay . what i want to know is how do you know this person is an entp ? did you get them to take the test for you ? i go to these threads and people say i know this enfj , infj or entp and they do ... if an entp seeks you out . that's a pretty good sign they're interested . while it might not take the form of a romantic gesture , it might just be that they seek you out for conversation and being ... entp - because we'd get all competitive about how many zombies we could shoot in the head . being seen as attractive is more than what you see in the mirror . it's that little fire you hold inside of yourself that is just as important . i always knew i wouldn't be a serial killer . why ? because it requires too much planning . feelings ? ? are you kidding . thought for sure , but feelings ? really ? because i've been told we don't have feelings to hurt . hmmm . cool . i have a book that lists the most scenic roads / drives in america . i did a bunch of them ( oh snap , i forgot to add that to my bucket list . also want to go to rio debravo in mexico where the ... i think you nailed it . omg ! i can't believe this . i actually agree with you . i've had both happen . i've waited they never came back in one case . and then i waited , and in another case they did come back around . i've concluded that love is a choice sometimes - you ... here's what i've noticed ( i'm a teacher ) . intelligence is only the ability to notice information , retain it and recall it ( spit it back ) . in that respect , intelligence is measurable . but ... you think that's it ? because everyone's emotions ebb , flow and change . i'm not sure that's not just part of being human except entp's don't stick around for the next phase , they just figure that's ... i sort of do the my little pony thing , except i actually talk to my horse instead . her name is echo ( she's a morgan mare ) , and she gets me . well , what do you like to do in your free time ? there might be a connection there . which classes do you actually enjoy ? i found i hated my education classes , but loved my art classes and ... thanks for the info on rome . i've actually been to israel , but my state of mind during that trip was not good , so i want a do over on that one . i think i'd get more out of it the second time . ... i keep adding to mine . wow , way to straddle the fence . in societal context it's negative . not eveyone said i was wrong ( you stated an absolute ) . therefore you're saying i'm wrong and i'm also right . since there are no ... thank you . thank you . but there might be several valuable lesson you've learned throughout all this . i think the key lesson is having the wisdom to pick your battles . which ones you can win , which ones ... well , i'm actually a teacher and no , most teachers don't become teachers because they hate kids . but after teaching a few years ( 14 myself ) , they might sour on kids . i like teaching , but there are ... half a donut and coffee . '