' wow , thank you for this thread ! physical vs . metaphysical is a great topic ! i find that i am very much the same way your are . how can i put it ... i have my days . :) the more i develop my xsxj , the ... my room . i like to be in my bad , next to my books , with my fan on and laptop nearby . i wouldn't say that i can read souls - but i can see potential . i can sense sadness , happiness , uneasiness , etc . i can tell when someone is not happy where they are and with what they are doing with ... thank you for being so polite ! :) i find eye contact is key . i acknowledge their existence and importance by maintaining eye contact with them throughout the conversation . not by staring in their eyes in a creeper way , but by making ... as an infj male i can somewhat relate to your post . a very close lady friend of mine and i were like this for years ! i had always liked her and could read her fairly well . i knew when she needed ... hmm ... casual wear would be blue jeans and t-shirts with of course , my converse . every day wear would be nike shorts and a t-shirt . i also have my running attire which is nike shorts t-shirt ... said like a man with experience . thank you . skye 21 yes , as a matter of fact i do have that feeling all the time . i have many acquaintances , very few friends , and even fewer close friends . many people call me their friend because i get them and ... wow - that's the only way i can begin to respond , because you described so clearly the pain and confusion that you are going through . muted is such a great way to describe how you feel . i too ... ignoring me . i give all in my friendships , the least they can do is attempt to reciprocate that affection . i find that i enjoy doing nothing ! probably because my job requires me to be with lots of people constantly . so , in my spare time , i like to be alone and well - just ponder i guess . i cook , read , ... first born in my family . i have a half brother , and two half sisters . on my fathers side i believe i have three half sisters now - honestly i am not really sure . like you i was given much more ... 1 . i am deeply spiritual and i don't know what i would do without my faith 2 . i love animals . i have a dog and a cat . i plan on having many more one day . 3 . i can't live in an environment that does ... you'd make a great dad . all the older women like you . you aren't like other guys . we are on the same wave length . get out of my head ! what am i thinking ? what should i do ? i ... inexorableasdeath : you described my experiences perfectly . i have slammed the door a few times in my life . i find it comes after i can no longer take being emotionally manipulated , used and stomped on . yes , it hurts - but i know that i will do better without ... i would like to thank you all . your advice has been very helpful . i have found that she can be manipulative ; but because i was ready for it , she has learned that she can not manipulate me . she , after ... i could really use some help . it has been six years since i have been in a deep relationship with a woman , so everything seems new to me . she is an esfj and i am having difficulty figuring her out ... hmmm , my closest friend is an enfp , but i am falling hard for an esfj . i don't know what it is about her . :) funny this thread was started ! in the last week i have been called an ' old soul ' on four different occasions . i am 24 years old , and for as long as i can remember i have been different . i have never ... i've learned that i don't know who i am , or what i want in this life . i thought i had everything figured out , but then i found a deeper level in me - a level that has changed how i look at myself ... actually yes , just the other night ! my enfp friend has been very depressed for a week now . he was confiding in me - like normal , and i simply answered , yeah that is hard , but it will be alright . he ... - being taken for granted - being used - being put down - being misunderstood - giving in a relationship and not receiving anything in return - not having enough alone time - a very rigid schedule ... math was never my thing . i don't know why but i never got it . maybe the teacher , maybe me ? probably a combination . doing well here in philly , pa - granted , they eye won't hit over us . we are still supposed to get 8-15 inches of rain , on top of the 10 inches already this month ! flooding - probably . it's 12:30 pm ... yes ! i am always running after something : my graduate degree , the perfect friendship , a healthier body . however , these goals constantly seem out of reach ! my graduate degree is still three years ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYmCAkmn0GM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZgXg_7kVI8&list=FLne0Ix9_bA4tfvLZ6uku_ZA&index=78 ... i find inspiration through meditation . i go into the silence , close my eyes and concentrate on tuning everything else out . i then look within . now , whether you believe in a creator or not , within ... i think about my life . i think about my actions and how they have led me to this point . ( it's not a bad thing ) . i then think / worry / dream / plan about my future . if something has bugged me through the ... 23 and virgin by choice . i wholeheartedly agree with vaan yes ! sky diving , running , scary movies - anything to give me a thrill . :) honestly , i used to and it almost killed me . a few years ago i was completely obsessed with what other people thought of me . i took what they said and tried to change myself , unfortunately what they ... 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? the end is extremely important , but the end does not justify the mean . 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? i struggle ... you have a beautiful way with words . you pack so much emotion and meaning into a simple phrase ! i'm tired of things not working out ! it seems like no matter how much energy and effort i put into life , life just kicks me in the ass ! why ? i don't know . i try to be happy , i try to maintain a ... it took about five years but i am finally comfortable with who i am , and i would not change me . there's a saying , you don't know what you have until it's gone . you could stop being the one that initiates the conversations and see what happens . with you fading away he may realize ( if he ... thank you for the generous compliments . i have always found it difficult to be understood - but then i found perc . perc is a place full of wonderful people that think just like me ! :) i believe ... eclipsethesun , i am glad that which i have articulated has helped you . :) you said , i am thinking everything but really it is nothing . how true that is . my mind is constantly running , but it ... running , mountain climbing and hiking . sometimes while on a hike i come across beautiful things - as you can see in this picture : 21481 it was so beautiful i had to come back and take a picture ! :) 21480 my boy augustus , gus :) 21479 please , you can all tell me what you think . :) thank you for your post @ musician gal . the last couple of months have been a time of self revelation for me . i have learned much about who i am and what makes me tick , and honestly , it has all been ... my joy is a friend who takes the time to get to listen and know me all the better - a relationship where we both take and give the same . thank you . :) i tend to forget where i place things if they are not in their place ; hence , i have to be extremely organized ! i also have a lot of allergies and like to walk barefoot , so i keep my house very clean ... i do the same thing ! even if i know that i have done something i will recheck it ! i daydream in the car , when working on a project - especially if it's repainting a room . i find that music helps me zone out even more ! :) i love all your music selections by the way ! it's nice to ... you are not alone , i am the same way . when i see something unjust it bugs me , and i internalize that emotion . sometimes i become obsessed with it and try to figure out how i can act differently to ... - i talk to myself out loud when i am doing various projects - usually in a reassuring way . yes , my inner monologue becomes an outer monologue . i find it easier to concentrate on the project at hand ... '