' so / sp from bernie sanders , the populist prophet - the new yorker completely agree with you and many other people on this thread . i have been following him for the past few months pretty closely and 1w2 so / sp for bernie by far makes the most sense . he is a reformer ... haha , i must be mistyped then ! thanks for helping me clear that up . i'll let you get back to more spot-on anime typing with your keen sense of awareness and that sensitivity to nuance you have always ... swordsman of mana why bring up scar , a fictional character ... no resemblance to any real person with real motivations , totally exempt from the human condition altogetherx 85 and a disney character at ... pinkmoon i'm over a year late , but thank you for sharing your song here . it's incredibly beautiful and ghostly . 0 + n * 1 i would say beth gibbons is of the 469 tritype . uncertainty is a recurring theme in her lyrics and she voices this pretty explicitly in threads and over . she is always seeking something in ... sx / sp being an sx / sp 4w5 , i don't give much attention to the world outside of interests and i am driven to make something from them . sp might be what allows me to turn these all-consuming ... yeah , i agree actually . i don't know about her type necessarily , but she seems sx / so which is quite a bit more extroverted than sx / sp is . anyway , this isn't an aspect i'm aware of in myself , ... so = 19 sp = 23 sx = 44 nice list overall ! people say the sx is diverse , but it doesn't seem that way to me . i didn't like # 2 under the sexual descriptions , for example . it's completely ... interesting . i relate 100 % until your last two sentences when you reveal that you make an effort to / like observing and noticing others . i like it too , but it is for the most part more of a background ... the same . it really wasn't the language for me . i just hate misconceptions about 4 ' s . i don't know any 4 who has or would ever use such a ploy for positive , shallow feedback to feel secure about ... yeah , if anything , that is an example of how you can tell someone isn't a type 4 ... that is vulgar . 1 . what are the wings of your fixes and core ? was it hard to realize them ? ( why or why not ? ) my core is 4w5 and fixes are 6w7 and 1w2 , i think . it was hard because well , i can put it this way : ... people are kind of hostile in this thread . they will just pick apart every word you say and strip all the meaning from it to fit their personal , sober analysis of the situation . this is very ... sx / sp here , i like sex rough , gentle , kinky , whatever so long as it's passionate , total and i feel synched up with the other person . it's the perfect remedy to awaken me from my generally ... sx https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N701JYnjaMs sx / sp http://i1325.photobucket.com/albums/u637/sexdeathecstasy/tumblr_mc9tr0tUhc1qiin3to1_500_zpsfdfeb84f.jpg ... i'm a loner . i feel anything but good about it . i can strike up conversations with people easily , but they go nowhere . enough years of that and i stop seeing the point because forming a deeper ... after first learning about tritype , i typed myself as 4w5 - 1w2 - 7w6 . i settled on a 9w8 - fix for years and tried out every possibility between 5w4 and 7w6 , as i related to most of the head center ... this resonates so damn much . thanks for sharing . i'm glad this thread exists . it's pretty nice to see posts i relate to and know that quite a few other sx-dom's only rarely find people they connect with in a meaningful way ( and that this isn't only ... i think that thinking about it so much and having tried giving myself over to it have ultimately made me more fearless , yet detached from life . i feel more distance and time between most situations , ... my stacking is sx / sp . i look for deep bonds , but since i rarely find that , to a certain extent , i'll accept engagement in any form so long as it's honest and reveals something interesting about ... next to a so / sx friend , i clearly have a stronger sense of sp and next to a sp / sx friend , i'm clearly less in touch with it . i know this is obvious , but it is strange to me how distinct these ... i highly doubt this is real . op sounds troll-ish and suspect . it's a match made in heaven ? then ... the enneagram has changed my life ? no one talks like that unless they're trying to sell something ... i'll give this a try . her : seems extroverted . i'll say 6w7 just because she physically resembles , dresses and poses like my sister who is 6w7 - 2w3 - 1w2 sp / so . him : 4w5 , seems a shy , withdrawn type ... i think i know what you mean , but when you see how many people in govt / positions of power are so / sp , it makes sense . these positions in fact remove you from the earth and put you in the heavens or ... i'm not against the wing idea , but i don't like the titles . i'm glad there aren't titles for the 9 types now under usernames . they color things in a weird way . people would start picking one over ... sx / sp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uimaBTstrNk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6XxIgZe-OY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BA0PtYS9MM no . i'm an acquired taste for most and i dislike most people . they just don't go deep enough . others are invested in their walls that they think will safely store their compartmentalized emotions and ... sx / sp things i can think of off the top of my head : solitary walks , reading , writing , cooking , decorating / spending time on your environment in a way that would make you happier with it , growing some ... . no worries for the ranting . i can relate to how you feel . i'm sorry to hear things haven't yet gone as you'd have liked them to . this is often a world where people put themselves and their trivial ... i accidentally wrote so / sp twice , but the animal description is the sp / so one . sx / sp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgYBeuM5KHY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uglZlo6knU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWqW5Ns4uHw yikes . for sp , i see a suspended hot dog , a fat homemaker , impoverished workers , a goblin ( ? ) , the word anxiety made to look distorted and magazines meant to induce it to sell you something . oh , and ... it took me a moment to understand the sp / sx's possible link to hell . i found a post in this thread by brainheart : ... hell dwellers ( sp / sx ) feel more attached to their environment - ... talk about this in relation to your own instinct variants . do you see parallels ? how about in others ? what are your thoughts ? i'm most interested in this because i find it to be poetic and ... your question is specific to type 7 ' s . type 7 has its own subforum : type 7 forum - the enthusiast aw , i wish i could have been more articulate . i was nervous if that wasn't obvious , haha . i had a very engaging partner so that was lovely , but i fell into a nervous self-consciousness that was ... this accurately sums up what happened with three sp / sx friendships i had in the past ( a 4 , 6 and 9 ) . i felt that my energy was working against me . by the end of our interactions , i had fed myself to ... i'd be interested in hearing if any sx / sp has experience dating an sx / so or vice versa . i have an sx / so friend and in social settings it becomes apparent we are be pulled in different directions ( me ... imminentthunder hang in there , dude . you aren't alone . don't beat yourself up over it . these just are your needs , but don't let them ruin you . ( not assuming they would , but just speaking from my own ... so this doesn't add to the topic , but marlowe , i just watched the video with captainmauzer . the river trek you mentioned was something i wanted to do ( and almost did ) this summer . i've never heard ... fun topic . i initially feel flattered when i receive friend requests . it's always a surprise , but then when they don't talk to me or introduce themselves i think ... yep , it's just like facebook aka ... i don't mind what i think many would call clinginess when it's coming from someone i genuinely like . if i felt the person was using me out of some sort of compulsion rooted in insecurity or fear then ... this is nice . i never understood how subwings worked until now . 4w5 ( sw5w6 ): unlike most people i realize the true beauty in meaning transcends what looks good . 8w7 ( sw9w8 ): what i want i ... least like me is probably something like 1w9 ( / 9w1 ) - 6w5 ( / 5w6 ) - 2w3 ( / 3w2 ) so / sp . any of those combinations and you'll find me staring in a very perplexed manner at some point . er , i would like to change at least my last post to 417 because it makes more sense that way . i've been mistyped for a while . :p '