' try this instrumental out , pretty rad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua2loiGHZ38 i like this song way better than his album the northern borders i don't think i should be the one to answer since it'll be a moment of repeating the speeches but it sounds really hollow . if you're really interested you might consider looking in some of these ... about 7-8 years ago when i was like 13 or 14 i tried to learn how to be psychic from this psipog website or something , the closest i ever got was using the chi to warm my hand up a bunch ( felt like ... i've never had a use for a lighter , but if i did i would for sure have a zippo . maybe this is somewhat related but i really like the way that it feels to type on a manual typewriter . this old ... since we're all talking about reflexes , i would love to say that i have fast reflexes too but i know that if it's something unexpected then it takes me a normal reaction time to process it . if i ... she was definitely a very strong character , it seemed like her backstory has more of an influence on her personality than the other , younger tributes . or maybe she's just been a part of that circus ... lolol sucks to be you . you might have to find other stuff to do . depending on your personal morals it'd probably be easy enough to make up as you go along , . if you can't think of things for others to buy you then you should get another hobby . n is how many hobbies you have right now . n + 1 = how many hobbies you need . when i watched the new one , the theatre was extremely hot because it was so packed . it felt like we were catching fire . i worked as a barista and a cashier a while back . i thought the barista job was a lot easier for someone like me since i don't have to constantly have a contact with the customer , when preparing the ... if i post something i made does that pretty much mean i'm jerking it on a public forum ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtnqDkxklOw it's okay since you have the body of a french rockstar , you can eat whatever you want and you'll never get fast ! i'm sure a few of you have seen those click-bait what animal is your mbti type . for istp there's been a range of we're cats or wolves . i don't know whether this is strictly referring to an attitude ... i quite like deafheaven's sunbather , and when i got it as a 2xlp i wasn't expecting the pretty pink and translucent yellow discs ! if you haven't heard of it it's generally considered in between black ... my heart is so cold . so very cold . :*( you know what the best part about being an istp is ? tomorrow i won't even remember that there was some dude posting nonsense on the internet . i'll only be thinking about whatever is on my plate ... i would call the op a troll but i'd like to still believe that there are no trolls on our tiny little corner of the internet . i move that we begin requesting help from the intps and the intjs to ... this is a dumb topic and you should feel bad . you ask why would you want to be introverted ? i have no problem being introverted because i can't imagine living any other way for very long ... hey little boy . do you want some ... ice ... cream ... ☼ ■ ☼ it's got cookie dough chunks ... i was thinking earlier today that when i was younger i got to play chess with some family or friends . i remembered that my style of chess is very in the moment . at the start of the game it's only ... though the question in the original post was for verbal threats , i don't think it would be a bad idea to talk about physical threats too . for example one night last winter i finished up work . i ... probably spent thousands of hours on runescape when i was younger . quit once when i felt it was too much a grind and didn't gain anything out of continuing . a few years later and i was back into it ... honestly this was my least favorite scene from drive . largely little things that when summed together left it feeling a very generic chase scene . i loved just about the rest of the movie , the intro ... hobbies * bicycle riding and working on my bikes . * i play with yoyos and a few other skill toys . * used to play videogames , grew up with classic rpgs , # 1 for a while was forza 4 , a racing game . i ... will we need to duke this out ? #yomerrychristmas <br> http://i.imgur.com/mkq2TdI.jpg?1 maybe flyincaveman isn't listening to good enough music if flyincaveman doesn't want to listen to an album more than once . i'm not going to tell you to listen to anything , but maybe start looking ... i think it's because europe has significantly higher quality bread that people are willing to wait in line for it . it's not like i was visibly really pissed or anything , i felt fairly calm relative to the situation . i didn't cuss at her , i think i only really spit any foul language later when my coworkers were ... got my first example of someone mentioning a glare from me today . i got t-boned ( while coming down a road about a block away from arriving to work . this girl ( probably 17 or so ) plowed through a ... although type and handedness aren't related i feel it is related to istps somehow . i've mentioned it once or twice but i play the yoyo , and for the movements and precision it uses the nondominant ... weelll ... have i ever told you about the time i went for a run ? or that other time i went out on my bicycle for like 3 hours ? even better and i don't think i've mentioned it here , but i've been ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2TVnGBS1F8&feature=youtu.be gotta say monk is the only class that fits a stereotypical istp in my mind . i can live with it , i just ask people questions about their lives , if they ask me anything in return i'll usually just answer it quick and turn the conversation back to them , new tyler the creator album releasing on april 2nd , though it leaked a bit ago so it's available on a soundcloud stream stream tyler , the creator's wolf in full | news | pitchfork i'll be ... i cried during a little fall of rain while watching the new les miserables film , if that's ok with you , oh is this a dating site now ? wow that's a new take on the forums . it happens , it's still an interesting thread for people who weren't here in 2010 . plus some forums tend to yell at people for not searching for a similar thread from a while back where other forums ... i literally cannot stop listening to this album , all of the work this guy ( dan barrett ) has done has been absolutely brilliant , from deathconsciousness to the two christmas albums it's consistently ... right wing left wing chicken wing between christmas and a few birthdays in my family i noticed that unless we make sure it's something special it's only a ritual passing of monies , so lately i've tried to make the gifts i give ... this is se at work no ? you can see that someone else is quiet so you can pick up on that and do more talking to try to make them more comfortable and if someone is more talkative then you could see ... no tickets here , but i've always avoided going to far over the speed limit , since the fines in the us are a base that changes for every 10 mph over + a certain amount for each mph over the speed ... personally i find many of the discussions or threads here enjoyable to read , same as most other forums i lurk in . usually i avoid posting unless i feel i have something relevant to add that hasn't ... i'm glad that is working out , great to hear . i think you should just tell him , if he's a sane person he won't do anything stupid . it isn't like the crazy people talking about getting married after 4 weeks of dating or having a 3 month trial ... this is amazing , i used to listen to a podcast that was titled trance but it was likely much closer to this progressive house song , would be perfect for almost any situation . yes even a wake . this is a good question , i would expect it might be something delving into more personal details or a preference to discuss things without so many different people viewing it . personally i have ... probably not as much as if you simply read a book , i've personally starting to go through the dark tower series again , last time i read it was finishing the 7th book about 4 years ago , the whole ... why are you looking to chat with people of this type ? something doesn't add up , it must be the government yeah that's it . '