' so , um .. update ! he's finally so invested that i am slightly bothered by his clingyness . he's romantic , he makes me feel like i'm not an awkward person so that he has helped me be far more ... do you have a standard greeting to coworkers , friends , grocery store checkout people etc ? i don't greet people unless i think it's obligatory . but my intp dad always replies to how are you ? with ... my little siblings are a 15 year old isfp sister , a 12 year old esfp brother , and a 10 year old enfp sister . my three older siblings were more mature than us and always got along . i'm . secretive ... it's an esfj that would have me sighing . ;) intps are very deliberate about what they do and say . plus , men are scared of sounding clingy . i'm a t in a relationship with an f and still i usually ... yeah , i thought it was odd . he always has to be the one teasing his family members , or acting indifferent to them . i can't see him crying in front of anyone else . except , as you said , when he's ... i don't really hurt him that i'm aware of . i'm very careful of that . i too don't let go easily at all . the validation and appreciation , the random hugs and cuddles are my strong point . :D i agree ... well .. i generally find the bullying , which can hardly be called such , absolutely hilarious . i like attention for the right reasons , need love of course , but i'm not jealous when other people have ... i look smarter , yes . it's not that being introverted is bad , it just doesn't mesh with society at all , and i would really like to be able to extrovert well . being a teenage girl .. it's hard not to ... i have an assignment to read poetry but i'm really not in the mood . reading it here helps though . i remembered this poem i wrote . keep in mind that i wrote it in middle school .. i know it's cliche ... question : almost every time i hang out with this enfp , he ends up crying . he and his family are all naturally super cocky , but he has his insecurities . he's usually crying about being secretly ... i'm pretty cautious . my older siblings are another story . when my oldest sister was about 6 she used my about 4 year old sister for experiments when she wasn't sure something was safe , like telling ... not physically , no . hm . so .. you have sort of a need for things to feel spontaneously natural ? it sounds sort of familiar to me too . i don't make routines . i try to plan , but i end up being more spontaneous . i don't ... i want help . it's about 4 hours of being in public before i feel like i need to go home . depending on the social pressure that day . i'll usually still start conversations with people physically near ... is your so a j ? my relationships have never reached the point where things feel routine . it would probably frighten me too . bullied .. other girls are mean when they're jealous of attention i sometimes effortlessly or unconsciously solicit . i'm certainly very different from other people , even other intps i know . sometimes ... i don't think intps get that kind of clingy . while i still would have preferred more , i only saw the enfp 2 times a week at most . i'd save the person too , for sure . i agree that we have a hard time ... really , guys , this is supposed to be a moral question , not an actual debate . where i live ( which i talk about way too much ) the culture is much different than what is average for the us . the women ... i don't get it either . it seems to be that enfps just spread the love while intps concentrate it on few worthy people at a time . so , rather than not having an in love mode , i'd say we have less ... growing up i didn't take life seriously because i had so much of it left . i'm being thrown into adulthood now . i thought i'd have a lot more time to be a kid . chances to experience and become ... hey , now . that's . a .. fair thing to say for me , but you don't need to put it in such a dark tone . no part of me wants to get obsessive . i don't go looking for it . love is one of the few things that ... i'm in a relationship with an enfp . after about a month , i realized that he probably wasn't really in love with me like he said , and that he probably wasn't good for me . but i couldn't think of a way ... one piece - my fav , awesome for many reasons itazura na kiss - also my fav , the best of the romance shojo i've seen so far . toradora - awesome romance shojo rurouni kenshin - i just started and ... i've been tempted to just come out and say this too because i don't know anyone i like enough to fight for right now , but i really do want a relationship . i also want someone who can see the world as ... sorry , i only read the first and last pages . i can see a younger much less mature version of myself doing those very things . unfortunately , in that situation i would be using you . all or nothing is a ... tuna that is an awesome quote . and a perfectly relevant tangent . (: you sure know how to compliment us . do you know of any intps in person ? i'd love to know what gave you that flattering opinion of ... well , yes , but he was only one part of the reason . i've also tried it with one other , who also didn't like being typed , so i stopped . also , many of you are emphasizing that one shouldn't only go ... well sure ! i guess part of the reason i believed you dislike it is from an experience i had with an enfp where i tried to explain the mbti by typing him , and explaining as i went . i think i ... i was just about to post a similar thread . i'm not asking how to get married , just declaring my love for you enfps . i'm amused that you all seem to dislike being put into these four letters , as if ... i love sports . a rational fun female companion is a rare and amazing thing . i don't connect to the esfj majority of the population , but it's easier to mentally connect to guys . i love to read . i love ... i think i just notice and care about people's feeling less . i do care about people . i wish i were more supportive . but when other girls hug me , i have no idea what to do . i hug back , but i don't ... i've been wondering this myself . i hate the public education system . i love learning . especially by myself , without wasting my time on useless assignments . a school that only counted test scores ... video - love & relationships - msn lifestyle this was on the msn news page today titled what you should know about his brain and yours it pissed me off . i am not a man . there's a part of me that keeps tabs on what different people are good at . when i see that someone is a quick thinker , a math genius , or a great problem solver , i watch them closer in order to analze ... me too . except .. i didn't think it would be this difficult to be impressed . i trust about one person at a time , but no one at the moment . it doesn't seem normal , so is it just me ? am i too ... i like you guys . i think you're crazy for caring so much , but i also absolutely adore it . i always feel awkward posting on an old thread .. oh well . i had the weirdest and coolest experience meeting an enfp . he was in a little choir , on a lit stage , in a dark room . he was grinning so ... yes . types do change . it can be difficult to completely revert to to other function though . this site mainly uses the myers-briggs personality type indicator . a short explanation and test here myers briggs personality test mbti personality types and a longer cooler test here personality ... once upon a time , there was an amazing istp i met at school . eight years ago . after 2 or 3 years , i admitted to myself how much i liked him . ( these decisions are slow and pretty much permanent for ... nope . the wonderful state of utah . he has a girlfriend though , and you didn't mention one on that infp friends post . that is awesome though . i sort of feel like i'm talking to him , hahaha . : happy : that's ironic ; i have a close , infp , 16 year old friend , named isaac . but i've never heard him talk about the mbti , and i don't think those are his favorites . anyways ... welcome ! ! ti dominant , you kinda look like a vulcan : laughing : ( an attractive one ) your jaw and lips look like mine . another one ! ! it's like .. this is the one place intp's naturally congregate . before you know it , we'll all be on here . then we'll take over the world using our combined nerdiness . oh , and ... my favorite of today : life is beautiful spirited away better off dead whenever someone smart recommends a book , i feel like i have to read it some time in my life . my lifespan appears to have shrunk just now . orson scott card is an incredible scifi writer , and the ... orson scott card books and the pendragon series . i'd watch something else but i'm not the one with the remote ;) watching a really weird movie goldinuniverse . com xkcd . com '