' ^ that was very helpful ! that's exactly how i feel . i have been going against who i am and it has made me miserable , confused , depressed ... a person just cannot live like that . i have to be able to ... i took what lirulin posted as a statement with feeling . she's been hurt and confused by feelers and some relationships in her life and that's why she vented here . it wouldn't be that complicated , ... i get it . intjs sometimes make things complicated from my pov . that in turn confuses me . i think it's funny how hard you guys took my slight about the coldness and the discussion just turned quite ... what is it ? it's ok . why make it so very complicated ? it's so difficult , it's so hard ... it isn't . it's quite alright . i should always stick to what i know . i realize it more now after all of ... i didn't want to go into this then , because i thought it wasn't my place , but all i could feel was upset that you have been trying to be in relationships with some people and you've been hurt , ... honestly , i think this whole discussion is going around in circles at this point . i hear upset in the intj posts , too . yeah , you guys frame it like it's always rational , but sometimes it's just ... maybe if i'll post once again ( and possibly answer , if anyone has questions for me ) and i'll then delete my account from perc , because i am utterly embarrassed about all this commotion . i started to ... this is all i can do . maybe i have some childhood issues , but that's not the concern of people on this board . i didn't even understand myself that i was being like this . ok , i'll stop posting now . i'm really sorry for all this confusion ! antiant was probably more right here than anyone else . i was wrong to get so defensive and i was wrong to insult you . i was being ... yeah . i'm just confused , because i have nothing to add . maybe you , or someone else could try to answer those questions ? this frustrates me about intjs . you keep pushing for answers when i've got nothing more to give you . i've done my bit . it's been mentioned that i'm trolling this thread . i'll just let someone else ... * sigh * there are no sides here , only different people . don't look for one , because all has been said already about this . what part would you like me to clarify ? do you mean why i took offense ? i read ... what intjs do to me : you make my brains hurt , because you're too da * n smart ... lol and regardles ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p41xLRmEPoY : laughing : tired . my brains hurt from talking with thinkers . : crazy : no one needs to be perfect , or perfectly understood . i can't always find the right words and i mess up . it's life and i'm sorry i hurt you guys . ( sorry that this is again personal like this , but ... there's one thing i want to add . it's ok to be emotional sometimes . it's perfectly fine . ( i feel reluctant to post , because people now think i'm trolling . ) i was getting emotional , but after now and then posted , i calmed down . i didn't expect the discussion to continue the way it did ... i was just trying to participate in the discussion . i thought i explained my point of view , or tried to . i'm not going to go further into this anymore , because you guys will think i make it about me ... no , i don't think so . it's chinese and hindi . a translator would be nice sometimes ... i tried to read all those posts again . it's just that your and antiant's posts came off as rather harsh ... i think i get this . i kind of feel like this , also . i'm sorry , but i don't understand half of this . ok , so carry on and sorry if ive been offensive . bye lol lol . i think mbti is bunch of crap anyway . its not scientific . i might be too dumb to understand , i think , or then i just don't understand the language . i understood what now and then wrote , but maybe it was because she wrote she understood some of what i was ... wow . now i understand why you guys like to keep to yourselves ... those last two posts were the coldest things i've ever read in my life . ^ yeah . thanks . i just took offense because i never want to hurt others and i've had bad experiences . i have a lot to learn , obviously . : frustrating : snakecharmer i'm sorry . i think emotional manipulation sucks and i think i've experienced something like that , too . lirulin i don't get what you mean by this : i don't require people to expend ... you don't think ts can't be hypocritical as well ? it's so easy to fall back on the i don't understand people attitude ... i think there should be effort made from both sides . i just feel like ... in my experience , usually people just wish to be heard . i always assume that if someone lashes out to me , they're hurt for some reason and are trying to let me know it , rather than trying to ... well , i'm obviously going to answer only for myself , not in behalf of all feelers . i don't think many people want and choose to hurt someone . that's a sad thought . i think it's mostly ... that's a bit much . i at least can say that i have my faults , but wanting to hurt other people isn't one of them . good . :p roud : i get nervous . i don't think so . when you get to know them , you'll see they're helpful and considerate .. when it comes down to it , i actually think they're infp at heart .. : blushed : aww ... and the not so flattering do i have to watch over you all the time .. um , lol .. lol thanks for the light . * smokes a virtual cig and chills * : happy : ^ aww , come on : laughing : lighten up . a good hug can even do that to me ( and i'm a depressed infp ) . : crazy : it's horrible . i've felt like this ( very deeply ) twice . it is the most awful thing , as it's not ... for me it wasn't about my expectations , but everything else . if i feel very deeply and it cannot ... isn't this the best thread ever ? you can relate to every post ! a bit tired ... preoccupied ... longing ... frustrated ... still peaceful . i don't know what you mean by depersonalization here , but i could imagine it being a state in which you are living completely in your emotions ( or fi-si looping ) to the extent that you're not even ... wow ... so this is what i've been experiencing . : shocked : anyway , it's getting better . it's weird , though , because i feel like i was such an idealist before . i was quite blind to some of my own ... i'm ... * hugs back * i needed to cry , so it was good . : happy : ^ thanks for that . made me cry . apathetic . mmh , lol . it's better to not make things about feelings that much . i kind of had to come to that conclusion in the hard way . i can feel something deeply , but it's better to show it toned down , i ... i don't know , but good luck ! i've been going through stuff and have written here ... i ... my friend , this one intj woman i was friends with before , but it sort of got weird and ... anyway , i don't ... yes , i think so . i've also gone through this leaving a religious community and the adjusting of beliefs afterwards . i've studied philosophy and other religions , psychology ... my own values are pretty ... ot : so you apparently can't delete posts ? sorry for this spam post , then . 1 . is it easy for you to maintain eye contact during conversation ( in general ) ? if i'm very interested in what the other person is saying , feel comfortable , it comes naturally . i always look ... yeah , just a little moderation , i think . it's usually alright , anyway . : happy : '