' if you give an enfj a hug a fairy / kitten / rainbow creature is born ... there is a type e personality as well as type a and type b . you could argue that the description for type e personalities could be used for enfjs ... oops * giggles * planet terror 2 - gun leg - youtube you're welcome ... they are the best tv watching partners ! you're over reacting to my post ! i was just commenting one the fact that my friends likes her guys young . the cougar reference was just for a laugh . oh and i disagree about a cougar just meaning ... my friend has a thing for younger guys , always has . she's thirty and married to a 25 year old now . she's such a cougar ! ... here i was thinking third nipple was code for something ... what i enjoy about enxp's is their extroverted intuition ... perhaps they like our introverted intuition ? you could try developing your introverted intuition . i know that's one of your ... it's the evolution of the english language ! lots of words have changed meanings since their birth . did you know the word nice originally meant foolish , stupid , gullible , simple etc . the word pretty ... lolz ! my version is you'd literally wear a turd on your head if it was fashionable - talk about how rhianna's lyrics aren't that deep . - refusing to acknowledge whats right in front of u ( figuratively and literally speaking ) i voted strongly agree ! i wonder ... does this mean we couldve hung out in previous lives ? ... 61 % caregiver 13 % intellectual 6 % spiritual thankyou for that compliment . it meant alot to me and it really made my day ! you claim to be this certain way yet your actions and past words say completely the opposite ... hypocrite ! for me when i watch the lady spin she always starts off spinning anticlockwise but all i have to do is blink and it changes direction . its like the slightest eye movement causes it to change ... - sun in cancer - moon in taurus - aries rising - venus in leo - saturn and pluto in libra - jupiter , uranus and neptune in saggitarius and my actual birthday date is ruled by neptune ! 61309 oops they are fun to run a fish n chip shop with ! ! ! awww ! my isfj best friend makes me feel sooo loved and appreciated ! she cooks and cleans for me and organises me ( but not in an annoying way ) . i absolutely love her to death and would do anything for ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UdFo2KtsoY one of only two movies that made me cry . as a child i could literally feel what dot was going through , how sad she was . made me one crying mess . i got a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeOhaxoXVXk ' float away ' by seth sentry . i relate so much to this song , especially the chorus . the lines they live life like there aint no tomorrow , i live life like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo0pNPtYOO8 ' my scene ' by seth sentry ... i especially like the line it's the hardest thing to do , to look like them but feel like you ... i have this ... when people wanna pat you on the head and and say awww ... i have a twin sister who i think is an isfj and i 100 % relate to your post ! i have a twin sister who i believe is an isfj and i can totally relate 100 % to everything in your post ! 29 ... yeah what dylanshae said ... did u ever use ' the stranger ' ? note self : ask for help ! you're not the only who gets a warm fuzzy feeling from helping others out ... having a shell that i can retreat in and liking it ... how dare i ! tell me one more time that ur gonna take me out of my shell and i'm gonna bitch slap sooo fucking hard ! ... i love how older entp's ( guys and girls ) tend to look at me as a younger sister type . you like to take me on adventures , show me the ways of the world , make me laugh when i'm down ( it doesnt take you ... when someone wants to be one with something / someone i always think of this ... start at the 2:15 time mark http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIq7Jon2P4I goddammit ! : unsure : maybe you have alot of masculine ( not to be confused with male ) energy and its the womens femininity that your attracted to ? ... can you please extend your thoughts on this . how did you come to this conclusion and could you give some concrete examples of outside influence ? i lurve his avatar . i see it as a metaphor for infj's . the road disappearing into the beyond represents the life journey of unknown possiblities and the tree's represent the cover and protection ... gotta love dad jokes ... i tend to laugh at harmless ignorance . for example i was cleaning rooms with my sister at a mine site and she was telling about how the assistant village manager was ... well on the surface you appear to be a resentful , ungrateful young adult . what i would like to know is why you have grown apart from your family and don't care to reconnect with them . do you even ... where was she when i was younger ... because the road allowed the chicken to do it ... because the road made the chicken do it ... because it was the quickest , most easiest way to get where it was going to ... when they not only stick up for you when others make fun of your ' ridiculous , far fetched ideas ' they also help you explain your ideas by putting them in a clear , concise manner ! i applaud and thank ... when you're forever coming up with great ideas that could make you lots of money but you never do anything about it . it's almost as if you're more interested in dreaming than actually doing ... '