' i ❤ my istp but i don't always ❤ his jokes as much as he is ❤ ' ing them when he tells them . in fact his enjoyment of his jokes usually makes it hard to follow the joke . as he has his own thing ... plus , its just wrong . i am not seeing istp in this . but maybe because my istp embraces the light side . not everything is about type . my istp is also more a lone wolf . he can lead if asked . he also is fine following when its what he wants to do ... n2freedom i am glad you found your type ! your guy must not have been istp in socionics , otherwise that would have all rung true . now i don't know enneagram that well , either . as much as i like ... hi n2freedom ! ! how are you ? i hope you are well ! now , am i confused or did you used to think you were enfp ? ? did you change , or am i just remembering wrong ? i hope you are in the mood for a ... hi , flyincaveman , i do think she sounds infp . distraction and lack of sensory awareness is consistent with nf but i its most pronounced in infps . feel sorry for her in such activities , she just ... , is it possible she is another type ? ? because when i read your posts i see things completely inconsistent with the infjs i know . here are some reasons : 1 ) the infjs i know are ... how exciting ! congratulations ! ! ! may your marriage be blessed ! are you in wedding-planning mode now ? ? so is he done being stuck now ? i assume it was work-related ? my istp was completely ... well this is longer than i intended . its about my istp's breakups , and then it goes into how i met him . just can't help it , he is so much on my mind all the time . but maybe you younger istps will be ... wow this is really cool . i looked at these pics and they all share something with my estp son ( age 17 ) . often a broader ( not too broad ) slightly upturned and well-formed nose , large eyes with full ... this sounds like my istp who is very clean and wears clean but worn , comfortable clothes . i know just what to buy for him - neutral color , neutral print or plain , and most important : a soft ... my istp brother : bmw motorcycle interesting ! i have a quick assessment ! the postive is my nefi makes quick assessments often spot-on . ( but not always ) . my instant assessment is that you are istp because if you were my ... estj is a great match for istp . perhaps for you a better match ? maybe , especially if the enfps you have met don't meet other important criteria - like shared values and goals , chemistry . mirrors are ... yes , many istps are istjs in socionics , so for them , the whole list is different than the one i just listed ( find istj list easily on that linked chart ) . yes , for socionics relationship theory to be ... just for fun , your mbtis according to my above-linked socionics opinion , which agrees infj is the best ... 15 . entj 11 . estp 3 . infj 6 . entp socionics has much more to say about relationships between types than mbti . fyi , you can look on the following linked chart to see how a socionics istp relates with the each of the other types ... hmm . , you are so harsh . and you find me so annoying . i wonder if your istp is istj / lsi in socionics . because to me we seem like conflictors . my strongest function is ne , ... oops p . s . maybe you can print this and have your husband read a copy and a counselor read a copy . you can highlight parts that have particular resonance with you . there you go . all your expectations for ... because i feel sympathetic to your trapped position , and in interest of sharing info i have spent time learning , i just spent a lot of time combing through that link with the commentary and advice ... mip aww , here , have a virtual hug - ( ( ( hug ) ) ) . irl i would respect your space ! :) because i do get it . i agree with others here that this counselor is dead wrong . you are you and we all ... wow , i don't think you read between the lines at all here . editing to add : cotillion - i get it . you are thinking it was fe . no , it was all fi expression and not offensive at all to my istp ... i just want to write about my istp because i am in my last long , long wait til we can be together . we cannot see each other til august and i am thinking of him all the time . i was thinking about a ... i know this is old post is last months , but i want to say to srsly , yes , its true , you can't make bids for istps reactions . they know what you are doing , and they won't play . when i have wanted more ... falling leaves , i love your chicken video . so funny . we raised chickens once - my ex did most of that , but i collected eggs . and cooked them . we had 3 hens and one rooster . one day i went in and ... well , dear mip , just for a point of information , in socionics , if you are in fact what they call istp and he is in fact esfj ( often the same as meyers-briggs types , not always ) then you are the ... my istp showed this high priority early in the relationship . as i asked him questions - because i fell hard and fast for him and thirsted to understand him more - he sometimes reacted very ... i agree with thelaughingman , if he has decide to leave it might very well be hopeless to salvage it . my hunch is he is right on that . one of my brothers is istp , and i remember him breaking up ... lol , this is probably true . my brother's wife is an enfj accountant , working for a big job for a top - 10 firm shortly for college . she once confided to me that she attributed her success to having a ... my istp says that it annoys him to be asked to change direction . if he is set on a path to do something , and is asked to do something else , he really hates getting off the path he is set on . it ... this is interesting . i will have to ask my istp this one and report back . the chewing complaint makes me think of silent retreats i take almost annually . everyone stays silent all week ( or weekend ) ... if you are not doing these things , i recommend just basic taking care of yourself ( which is hard to do under stress ) . eat right . protein and veggies for breakfast work well . a small baked or boiled ... dear istps , its my one-year anniversary of signing onto this site , today , thanksgiving day . which was about the time i realized my istp love is istp . whom i met last october , after some years of ... my istp really appreciates - and seems to really need - my assistance with getting things in order . he works great alongside me and we get a lot done , and we just enjoy each other's company while we ... this election - like about every other - is just a matter of who is less worse . dear istp , tomorrow its our to-the-day anniversary of when we met , after those years of writing . it was that day i fell for you completely even though i did not want to . that day everything ... wow , what a great mom to ask this . i think give her a lot of space , knowing that you are going to see things differently . make suggestions carefully and tactfully , like : i have a thought on this ... i don't think its about immaturity . i think its type . fi maybe . i know three infjs who , all three , at some time ( or still ) are martyrs to impossible relationships : their one true love is the one they ... istp / isfj was also my parent's relationship . mom quickly deteriorated into alzheimers after dad died ; they had been close from beginning to end . even though i have heard that its a fact that parents ... the same thing happened to my istp after marraige with his enfj . fortunately he realizes now he is quite the opposite of asexual . his enfj was damaged , too , but i think the fact that they are istp ... i think make yourself socialize a tiny bit more than you may be inclined as an i , and be a tiny bit more open when you talk to people , and look for evidence of common values and goals , and in the ... my istp is so run down and worn out from his daughters continual hurricane of fe drama ; he can't wait to come here . in my own opinion , my f is pretty mild to be around , since its fi and i prefer ... this is long , a couple of reasons , one i am enfp so a long talk about my relationship is par for the course , and two , part of its about sex , and you know what they say about those who are not having ... those two statements i bolded give me the idea she is istp / istp , and you enfp / enfp ... i could be wrong , but that's my thought . as to the withdrawal after a night together , from what i remember ... only sometimes . less than half the time in fact , i believe , because there is a study published somewhere on percentages of that . and there are other socionics types an istp might be besides istp or ... trust your enfp intuition ! it really works ! it is a very strong point for us . istp is not working on intuition quite so much as you of course , and maybe thats a reason they need more time to be ... i am in love with an istp and this has been developing over a year . it is good to get advice here on this forum - what people said here about how they are as well as what i read about istp was like a ... dear istp you are perfect . you consoled me when i wanted to console you . you only were afraid i was telling you i don't love you which i will never say ; i love you more . you agree , we cannot be a ... dearest istp , i love you , i love you more each time i see you and the sadness cuts deeper and deeper when it comes time to part . i miss all of our companionship , even doing dishes together the last ... '