' i would say infj's , more so younger infj's do have this tendency . we have a vision of how we want our world to be , and are constantly trying to find a way to make the real world match up to it . more ... i don't know your personality type , but if you are extroverted then i think this is a common issue to come across . i tend to shy away from asking people things ( such as checking where where or when ... if there was an obvious place for you to meet at that activity , then i don't think it's unreasonable for her to expect you to meet there . also , she could just have left her computer on , and therefore ... we love you too ❤ it happens with other things too , but typology has it particular badly because your type is such a fundemental part of who you are that it is very hard ( unless you have studied typology ) to detach ... enfp : stop worrying about things / trying to plan things , and just go with the flow . while i think you're right that it's a problem that people don't realise different other people can be , i do ... i'd definitely identify more with ' soft ' than ' tough ' , but i don't really that most people fit into one category or the other . i certainly don't admire anyone who is totally soft or totally tough ... talking about our emotions certainly helps , as it allows us to sort out what they are . however , medium to long term the underlying issues need to be solved . mediating is good , but you need to do it ... firstly , the ' girlfriend ' thing is nothing . just because you are his girlfriend doesn't mean that you aren't also his friend . he probably just didn't want to sound like he was criticising his friend ... this blog is the reason i use tumblr . i . can't . do . it . the thing that impresses me most about strong si users is the ability to memorize song lyrics after listening to a song only once . it's crazy . i associate si with a certain sort ... hmm , my ' best friend ' is an infj . we don't really have much in common anymore , and sometimes find it hard to find things to do together ( we're growing up , and doing different things ) , but the ... i'm also like this ! my school teachers would go crazy at me for not writing down my working out . of course the reason i didn't was because i didn't have any . currently considering switching to a ... i often have a lot to say about what other people have to say , but can't come up with anyting on my own . it's the difference between ne and ni ... i also get ( far too ) worried that the other person ... of course i would ! why would i not ? ? ? i don't believe in an afterlife , but i'm also not worried about dying . i wouldn't want to be concious forever anyway . i think it's more the fact that we don't get to pay for you . which we like doing . a mature infj shouldn't have a problem with this though . i think all of these are true of me sometimes ( much as i would like to think otherwise ) . luckily most of the time i manage to avoid them :) when i'm in a good mood , i'm the ultra-calming , relaxed guy . if i'm stressed or nervous i can be the opposite though . enfp father + enfj mother . although they are divorced . step-mother , also enfj i think , and step-father something like istp . siblings : enfp enfj and 2 x too young to tell , but i might guess ... with regard to personalities it essentially captures that idea that infj's are good at enabling potential in other people ( whatever that may be ) . this isn't mine , but infj doodles is brilliant , and seems relevant here . i wish i had better advice for you , but i fear i am no better at these things than you . i think you are on to something when you talk of displays of love being unwanted or intrusive . i don't know ... you only need basic feelings , but you need to prove it . unfortunately people lie about these things , so simply saying that you feel a certain way isn't enough to dispel people's doubts . if you say ... well i certainly like to socialise more than that . 2-3 times a week would probably be more typical , and more than that can be handled if necessary . it is also the case that socialising with close ... i haven't mistyped as intp , but the tests ( back when i couldn't see through all the questions ) used to type me as entp . i think the extraverted bit was wishful thinking ( at the time ) on my part ( and ... if he's anything like me , he's probably worried about bothering you ( yes , even if it would be obvious to anyone else in the world that he wouldn't be ) . i'd be to the point and say that you want him ... hmm ... i think they won't see this action as that much of a big deal in itself . but the fact that he likes to spend time with you in that kind of way , is comfortable with your family , etc is ... leading into it adds emphasis to it , and makes it more obvious . it also tends to make the person doing the telling feel better . i therefore try to avoid it unless i am deliberately trying to draw ... 1 . mbti does seem to be partially descriptive of human personality . however , it is not wholly descriptive , and it would definitely be wrong to ascribe definite characteristics to a particular type ... as someone who was taken to counselling as a child , and then not taken back as i wouldn't cooperate , i would echo xemilyx about treating them as an adult . i would also say that the essential problem ... actually , an infj t-shirt isn't a bad idea . if an infj does happen to see it , great ! and if anyone else asks , well i get to talk to them about something i'm interested in , and they find something out ... yeah , but opinion polls are close to 100 % accurate ( people know who they support , and have no reason to lie ) , whereas mbti tests not so much . i have also tested as entp on mbti tests ( and still do sometimes ) . the tests aren't so great :( the connection with enfp's is amazing . love the way they love life , and are interested in everything around them . ne makes them interesting , and the f part means that they really care :) that ... i would agree with this . i think your idealism can be reminiscent of children who haven't yet seen anything bad in the world . not that this is a bad trait . in fact , i would like to think that i could ... i find meaning in helping people to be happy , and removing their suffering . regardless of whether there is any ' point ' , people seem to want to live , and it seems to be worthwhile to help them to make ... why can't you compare the suffering of animals to that of humans ? you might be right that that of exploited children is worse , but that would depend on what was causing the animal to suffer . a ... hehe , that website is great :D yes , but generally i don't spend as much time with others as i would like ... hmm ... this is interesting . i'd be very interested to know how you guys do like to make arrangements for things ... would you prefer that i just called you and asked you if you wanted to do something ... i find it very difficult to talk about my feeling to girls who haven't declared any interest in me ( or it's not very obvious ) , but i love expressing them to people who i know will want to hear about ... nope , and to be honest , i struggle to see how anyone could think it was ( i'd be interested to know , if anyone does have a good reason for believing this ) . all sorts of things . lot's of people say they don't know ( and sometimes they come back a couple hours later when they've thought of something ) . lot's of people turn the question back on me , and ask ... don't i know it ! i used to not do it because i know it makes some people uncomfortable , but i've found that as long as you smile and shrug it off if they don't want to answer then most people don't ... can't you see me ? i'm right here in my chair ! um .. but anyway , i like to talk to people , to find out what they are like and who they are . unfortunately , not many people like strangers randomly ... one of my best friends is an enfp , and it does drive me crazy that i so rarely get to see her ( although this is partly because we now live in different places for much of the year ) . i wouldn't ever ... hmm , my instinct would be to put this down as a mother thing . my mother ( enfj ) can get quite upset when i don't spend enough time with her ( i still live at home , just ) , and she often communicates ... hmm , i think this is true , however i also think that a lot of my self image is based on what other people think about me , and how they react and interact with me . hmm , that is interesting . provides an interesting lens through which to see similarities between introverts and extroverts . i got 46 . '