' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGcMJrqWJbA&list=PLh_zsaiJA32Uf3_pTmhEjxSGDqwMx-4_u haven't read any comics , so this is all based on films ... professor x ( james mcavoy and patrick stewart ) captain america ( chris evans ) thor ( chris hemsworth ) i really like doing this sort of thing ! names are so much fun . my favorites from your list are evelyn , edith , skye , malakai , alistair , aiden , and declan girls : chloe skye valery korra abigail ... something ocean colored , like caribbean green or maybe cerulean 2358022358 10 i've had lucid dreams , but not for several years . i miss them :( i dream ( and remember dreaming ) almost every night , but unless i write them down or they are extremely unique , i don't hold on to ... the winner badge just means that i completed nanowrimo . they say you won if you write 50,000 words in one month , though the only prize is the satisfaction you get from writing . well , that and ... when i pick up a new book , i'll read the back / inside cover to get an idea where the story is heading , but i won't read any part of the ending . no e-books , please ! i want to turn pages . i read ... i completed nanowrimo in 2011 ( first time i finished one of the novels i started ! ) and 2013 . i'm currently at 15,500 words on this year's story . both of my first two novels were fantasy , and this one ... i'm so sorry for your loss . i'm not going to say i know how you feel since that always sounds so shallow , but i can sympathize . one of my very good friends ( a girl i grew up going to church with ) ... my intj sister loves this song , so maybe it is an ni thing :) this song has kinda been my theme song since graduating college : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSawZHOckPs my mother tells me i got all the rebellion out my system during the terrible twos ( actually her exact words are , you were a terrifying two-year-old ) . but i was the opposite of rebellious during ... an interesting topic ... my dad's an isfj and i think my mom is an isfp ( she won't take an mbti test , so it's a guess ) . i'm infj , my sister is intj , and my brother is enfj . sometimes my dad ... probably in , though nf is a close second . are there any isfps who are not artistic ? i keep reading descriptions of isfps that say they are naturally artistic , but i also know some people whose function stacks seem to line up with isfp and ... the people closest to me are my intj sister , enfj brother , esfj best friend , and my mother ( who refuses to take a myers-briggs test , but may be an ixfp ) . i have a few other friends i'd be comfortable ... there's a great facebook group called introvert , dear that might be what you're looking for : https://www.facebook.com/groups/introvertdear/?ref=br_tf it's a closed group ( so you just have to send a ... i used to volunteer , but my schedule in college wouldn't allow it and i haven't gone back since i graduated . all the charities i donate to are focused on helping kids . one is a youth ranch that ... both . some of the people i've dreamed about still confuse me , and others didn't quite match the dream after i got to know them better . it varies depending on who the person is ... people i know very well are either realistic in the dream ( and usually seem like supporting characters rather than the focus of the dream ) , or they ... i've been wondering about that . i don't think i know any real estps well enough to guess at how things might work out , but some of the fictional characters i find most attractive are ( probably ) ... i tend to like enfj , entj , or entp guys . but i've also found other introverts attractive , and a few sensing types as well . it really just depends on what kind of impression the individual guy makes ... i am working on an infj e-book , and i'm looking for 2 or 3 more people to contribute some first-hand accounts of life as an infj . details are on my blog ( click here ) . i've provided a few prompts , but ... just took the test . it gave me : 1.thinker 2.solutions finder 3.believing 4.unifier 5.visionary ( though looking at the detailed report this was tied with my scores for group relations , prudent , ... but now , thus says the lord , who created you , o jacob , and he who formed you , o israel : x93fear not , for i have redeemed you ; i have called you by your name ; you are mine . when you pass through ... i tend to get really involved in the worlds of movies , tv series , and books that i find engaging , and then it takes a while for me to disengage my mind from that film / show / book . i really dislike ... my understanding of social anxiety and shyness is that both are motivated by a fear of social situations , but social anxiety is more of a phobia-level fear . it's often accompanied by a physical ... i'd say watson's a pretty stereotypical isfj . i've never been quite sure about aragorn's type , and it might be different in the books than in the movies . i've seen gandalf typed as intj , intp , infj , ... hum , i guess i'm more dreamy than the rest of you . i do daydream about planets in other galaxies , about castles in other lands , but in my defense i write sci-fi and fantasy , so you could say that ... current shows i like : grimm ncis : la white collar downton abbey sherlock doctor who past shows i like : star trek ( tos , tng , ds9 , and voy ) don't have any kids ( yet ) , but i'm a name nerd . my favorite names for boys right now are emmett makai , callen alexi , and alasdair neil . for girls , i like elianna eileen , liya renee , and carolina anya ... on the internet , at bookstores , near water ( i just like being near lakes , rivers , oceans . love kayaking too , but don't go often ) , at the edges of groups being quiet ( or in the corner chatting with ... i'm pretty typical of an infj with a few exceptions ... - i'm not so out of touch with my physical body that i forget to eat . like , ever ( i've read multiple profiles that call this an infj thing ... http://www.distractify.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads//2014/06/228-934x.jpg from a photoshoot by photographer ben von wong http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m41fulmkmd1qzhokmo1_400.jpg ... yes . if we're talking about real people and not fictional characters , then it's usually a celebrity who i find attractive and then learn something i like about his character and personality . like tom ... sometimes i'll play relaxing music with no words , or something i know so well that i can tune-out the lyrics . i don't listen to more up-beat music or songs i want to think about or sing along with ... i agree about magneto and xavier - - definitely entj and enfj . haven't thought about the other characters as much , but istp sounds right for wolverine . i'm not sold on hank as an intp - - his feeling ... there is a post-credit scene in x - 3 where we see that professor x transferred his consciousness to another body . i haven't watched it with commentary , but apparently the directors said that the body ... here are my favorite blogs . the first two are written by infjs , and the last two are written by isfjs . idle wanderings introvert , dear lore and literature musing of an introvert i really liked quicksilver , too . i'm hoping he gets to play a larger role in subsequent films . here are 10 songs that when i hear them i want to stop whatever i'm doing and just feel the music and lyrics . some i sing along with , some i just listen . some make me feel happy , some melancholic . ... i heard that recently , too : rolleyes : it surprised me , because i thought he was one of the easiest characters to type as an sj . specifically , i'm pretty sure he's an isfj all roads lead to austen by amy elizabeth smith . she's an english professor who spent a year traveling latin america and reading jane austen novels in spanish with groups in guatemala , mexico , ... i read and watch a lot of fantasy / sci-fi . here's my favorites that fall more on the sci-fi side . tv : firefly stargate sg - 1 stargate atlantis star trek ( tos , tng , ds9 and voy ) heroes doctor ... i'll give it a go : my cube is large , maybe 30 feet on each side , and a pale silvery grey color . the ladder is narrow and made of metal . it leans against the side of the cube and is just tall ... my cousin is an enfp . we're great friends , but sometimes our personalities clash in a way that shocks me because i expect to get along better with nf types . i thought she was an esfp for a while , but ... mix-up the words x93theoryx94 and x93hypothesisx94 explain something important by saying you x93just have a feelingx 94 vaguely cite x93the internetx 94 as a reliable source pose as a health-nut and say chemists ... close :) it's marissa . the name is either a form of mary , or derived form the latin word maris . i've fallen very much in like with these characters : daniel jackson from stargate sg - 1 john shepherd from stargate atlantis dr . mccoy in star trek ( as played by karl urban in the re-boot ... it's been a couple months since this was posted , but i wholeheartedly agree about ender . reading the speaker books just confirms it , as well as seeing him from bean's perspective in the shadow ... oooo , i love discussing name meanings . my first name is a bit complicated since no one can agree on which language it's derived from . if it's from latin , it means of the sea . if it's from hebrew , ... '