' banned for swearing in your signature ! the zodiac being related to mbti is ridonculous but i guess its for fun sooo . my zodiac avatar is aries - intp honestly , someone to blame for your actions . asking for redemption from god therefore feels better for he supposedly accept all sins . what your are describing is doubt which is a human quality , not a specific kind of type . introverts typically like to have relationships but have quite a bit of alone time . society usually thinks of being social as top priority which may also make way for generalizing all introverts and ... i have a cat that fights with the neighbors dog . yeah , my cat's badass . intp , because horror movies rely on the social situation that go entirely wrong , intp's would not be there in the first place ! i always thought of anime to be kinda cheesy and even over the top sometimes . sometimes they are a little convoluted and the characters generic but i do enjoy some anime time to time . there is a better possibility to have a balanced sensing and intuition in your personality which os a good things as balance between two aspects makes you more flexible and open in situations . i was only convinced when me and a group of a friends accidentally ran into a paranormal even together . together we saw a strange indescribable mess of shapes like a blanket being tossed around . i am ... the mbti test was made for people ( and myers probably intended it to be ) only for human beings . i'm not sure if it is possible to type animals , because , well , we don't understand their emotions and ... situational humour is the best kind of humour . i can smile naturally any point of the day , however , i need a reason why . such as someone is not doing so well and you want them to feel a little better smile about it . meeting people for the first ... mudder fudging sause miss-ter ! have you ever tried to eat pizza without it ? it isn't pretty . your even worse at trolling the people that tried to troll but really couldn't so you decided to troll yourself . oh sure i love sports ! that doesn't necessarily mean i am great at them but appreciate them nonetheless . i like hiking , baseball and just taking a nice stroll by a nearby conservation trail , relaxing ... sometimes , just sometimes , we forget we are human and categorize ourselves in little groups . things that other people enjoy you might enjoy , not quite because of type but because we are all unique ... i have always had a weird feeling that someday some mugger is going to walk up to me , ask for my wallet and walk away . i don't worry about it constantly but isn't pleasant to start to dwell on things ... hah talk about a confidence boost . i was always an introvert since birth and avoided people constantly mostly because they lacked the enjoyment of introvert pleasures for example , i liked imagining ... i have no idea if you can interpret a certain persons personality with just a video . so i decided to do a guy with a bunch of videos ! ... though the mbti actually represents me well as i am the extremes of all ends , i do recognise that it fails to cover all its fields so to speak and personality should never purely judged by an mbti . i ... should be doing something else ... ( door closed m'kay ? ) i actually thought it was quite curious , know like : wtf is that ? is that a mannequin ? is it from a movie ? handmade ? to quote flatlander : so nothing is definite and sure there are always an exception in every situation . artists may have been a good idea to study and see common characteristics between ... when you listen to your ipod but instead of enjoying the music you end up trying to interpret it . when your thinking and thinking and then you trip over a flight of stairs . you have a mental ... ' ello ' ello i'm hoping you'll have a good time here ! did anyone mention sherlock holmes as being intp ? younger i believed in christianity , but as i grew older , i felt more and more skeptic as i learned more and more about the bible . i mean it gets really hard to believe the further you dwell on the ... i would like to see the research behind this . oh yes this is quite so since this kinda stuff is never really 100 % for every individual . then again nothing in psychology is 100 % when it comes to theory and preference . it is not unusual for a person to take the mbti test and receive results come somewhere between two of the letters in your case , the s and the n . personally i would prefer having scores like yours as ... so how did this work out for you ? yes i also thought so whether mixing music will give you some kind of hybrid or something else . i happened to pass by something at the psyche center and picked up this , thought it was interesting and decided to post it . blues fans have high self-esteem , are creative , outgoing , gentle and at ... hmmm i am an introvert and wish not to have children , not because i believe kids are little wretches and would ruin my life but rather that my natural neglect in people is somewhat large and that i ... waffles yes my dear god i was thinking about this the other day . i never really felt like going through the trouble of actually interpreting the entire thing though due to the lack of winnie the pooh books ... oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god : laughing : i love to be different from the crowd . i would like to do something crazy like dye my hair into crazy colours and dress in punkish but .. meh , don't want go through the trouble of people judging me by ... i am not sure whether types react to stress differently but i definitely feel very hopeless in situations that demand a fair amount of stress contrary to the intp above me . oh god sentient nostrils but in all seriousness is this thread suitable in the mbti section ? ? i do recognize this , but we can try to change because when we are organized in the mbti this does not mean we are bound to its ways . try to think outside the boundaries of emotion ( because to be ... oh ! um ! hmmm ... well that was , interesting . i do have hay fever and nostril tennis is a by product from the allergies . usually i just use some medicine for clearing my sinus's . my take on the three sets that i have been classified . i am passionate in what i do . i am dutiful to fulfill deeds that i have promised and apparently i am an all out maniac : o i have a ... you hate it when the phone rings and it is someone you know if someone is sneaking up on you while your having quiet time people label you as the loner this is so true , i believe former education has lost its purpose , teaching people how to use the information you used in school and applying it in real life situations . now in my opinion i feel that ... i am a little confused about the mid-life crisis part . where one learns his other types of personality , i am a little lost here , any help ? assumption , bias and stereotypes ruin facts . yikes , i'm having a tough time wrapping my head around this interpretation . i see two me with no physical connection . they both look in the same direction with dread or apathy on their face , a like ... i am doubtful but open to try and understand ones understanding of the existence of a god , whatever religion it may be . but i do find it difficult to understand the existence or not . being born in ... '