' i usually function on three or four , but i can't go sleepless for an entire night . ahhh . i love intps . my boyfriend's one , and he's amazing . for starters , the way he thinks is incredible . there's such a cohesiveness to the things he says , and he takes the time to patiently ... * hands you cup of nuclear waste * oh , sorry , you meant coffee . :P i personally find them to be interchangeable . one hundred years of solitude , flesh and spirit , and the republic . depends on whichever one's closest to me . xd ahh , definitely . i love my nt friends ; they tell me what they like and dislike about my work pretty bluntly and it helps a lot . nf friends are good for brainstorming . i do write . i'm lucky to attend a school where the main focus is creative writing . a story is never finished but it is due . it helps with the creative output , but my best poems were the ones that ... welcome to the forum ! interesting name . it could mean : you decided to join the forum , just cause / cos . or your name is cos . or ... you're a cosine function ? i'm going to be wondering about ... i completely agree with your statement about being bubbly . it slightly annoys me when people think of me as being nothing but optimistic and cheerful , as if i couldn't experience / understand the ... youtube - endlessly - green river ordinance ( with lyrics ) yes ! we're not alone ! it's an amazing feeling , isn't it ? xd welcome . of course . i'm very pleased with the headway my ninjas-in-training have made . soon they might start hunting me . o . o now i'm getting paranoid ... and that's when we strike with our shurikens ! they'd be foolish to the point of bravery , so keep your guard up . it wasn't me , it was the foolish assassins . therefore , i propose we join forces and hunt them down . relentless assassins coming after me ? that wasn't part of the deal . welcome , ash . i challenge you to a pokemon battle . ahem , i mean ... have fun wandering ! welcome ! you won't eat my brain , will you ? i like keeping it in one piece . i dispatched them promptly and sent them back to base camp . thanks for the practice . they should recover their memory within a few hours . i feel honored to have joined a forum where the admins ... breaking news : don't watch this , folks . viewers of the recent oprah episode on assassins may be in peril . this is not a joke . lock your doors , everyone ! actually , don't bother . from what we heard , ... but when they're interviewed on oprah , they'll reveal who taught them , and your secret will be out . and then they escape knowing how to strike without a trace ... how does that make you feel , unleashing foolish assassins into the world ? well , all right . i'll send them over and trust that they're foolproof . really ? what methods do you use ? yes , some of them haven't learned the proper way to throw throwing knives . i was quite disappointed when they failed the exam . if you could show them how to properly dispose of bodies by feeding them to your sharks , it would save me a lot of trouble . welcome ! i'm obsessed with typing my friends , too , but not quite experienced yet . :) that would be lovely . i haven't had time to because my hitlist is backlogged . may i keep some for my pet electric eels ? yes , they do need a bit more training before i can release them out into the world ... it's a deal ! * summons ninjas * welcome from a fellow newbie . :) i don't think i've ever met an istj in real life , but then again , i don't know my friends ' types . looking forward to seeing you around . great idea ! capture them so they can't run , then run away gloating . my ninjas-in-training could probably help with that . it'd be a contest to see who's more introverted . i'm running away from you ! no , i started running away first ! that's when you break out the tabasco sauce . well , when the flow of conversation has been blocked , you just wait for it to break through again , i guess . after a couple of months without conversation , i'm sure plenty will be said . exactly . so any grudge they held against you for catapulting them to the moon would be gone , lost in the joy of conversation . i'm sure they'll be very glad to find cell phones after going for so long without contact with earthlings . there's service on the moon ? next project : build a communication device to ask them how it's going up there . [ feeling a bit loony , perhaps . ] i second that , along with reading the back of shampoo bottles . success . we have brought the art of puns to another species ! now , what other members can say that ? by jove , that's a good idea ! [ xd it's like a disease ... ] * sets up catapult * yes , because then you'd have to eat your words , which isn't pleasant . * grabs shovel * could we bury them alive ? or drown them in tabasco sauce ? yes ! you understand my punny situation ! the pelican puts me more in mind of fish than water , but water is there nonetheless . i see it ! [ see . sea . ... okay , the puns are tired out now . xd ] in elementary school , i was really shy and quiet , but in a setting outside of school i suppose i was noticeably more enfp . before i entered high school , i would never have described myself as an ... thanks , everyone . :) : yes , i'm glad someone noticed my pun . xd and i'll add my tiny rivulet of water to it . :) i'm an enfp . i've been interested in mbti types for a while , and decided to join this forum after lurking about it for a couple of weeks . * waves * hi ! i'm usually very optimistic and upbeat around other people when they're talking about themselves--always quick to cheer them up when they're down , etc . however , when i'm talking about myself , i take ... '