' hello , ix92m new to scholarship , but recently i read so much on that topic . because next year i want to get my scholarship x85 i only wanted to give you some great actual tips , that work . ... i don't have much idea about this . sorry ! thank you mate for your greet sound . i will surely ask if i face any problem and have any question . hello mate , greetings to all ! i am back again into this community . i would like to say hello to all of you guys . hope you are enjoying a lot here . thanks for your time ! welcome to the forum buddy . i am back again into this community . let's enjoy ! nothing just sitting on a chair and browsing internet . i am thinking how to utilize my workers properly . searching on the web for getting right information . lol ! ha ha ha i like it too . in a short word , you're rude person . you would crazy with a simple matter . let me think about this . last watched mummy there are some books on the table and a chair . in front of my room there is a garden as well . overall , it's really a great one . i am just thinking what should i do now ? because it's not the task of single person . i would like to say think better and live better i have had the same issue . while visiting website pop up windows came out . don't know what to do ? what is this overwhelming sense ? is there any reason for complaint ? need to check it the game first . will tell you some details about game . listening right now na jana kohi by james i usually put off my eyes and think for a while . i can't take pressure even in bad condition . i don't forbear liar ever . i feel so much anger if anyone tell me that . men die but the immortal person never dies because they revised with the passage of time . don't have idea about hypochondriac . you are going through hard time . you only sleep 3-5 hours per day that's not enough . you should make it 6-7 hours . i am thunder how to be able to do that ? no , never i don't feel hesitant to express myself to others . and i feel interested to say about myself . i love to read english always . it's my favorite subject as well . i set on the reading table and open the book . first just read through and then make it mine . thanks both of you for warm reception . hey all , sorry if my writing doesn't meet the standard . how are you ? i want to introduce myself with all . i am 20 years old boy . student studying at national university . i am interested to ... '