' no replies ? i love entjs . i've known a few , and there is always some sort of initial attraction with them . i don't think i've ever gotten to know one very deeply to say more , but i always feel ... i'm so sorry . it's so tragic and hard leaving a relationship that you worked so hard for . it just does terrible things to your mind and emotions . you sound like a strong person , and i hope you find ... honestly ? cut your losses while you can . i am doing the same with my isfp ex , and it is hell . your guy sounds really similar to mine minus some details . pm me if you have questions . as an isfp , i've dated an isfp ... and your isfp is way better at doing than mine was . even for me , i had to learn to appreciate his lack of foresight , but it was hard . i am the ... i think this thread is dealing with the isfps stackings . is the isfp a social , sexual , or self-preserving type ? personally i am an sp / sx , so i highly prioritize my family over other social ... least compatible imo are infj , infp , isfj , esfj . may or may not be compatible with intp and enfj . i think we'd get along with entjs , estps , enfp , estj , istj . whatever types i left out are ones i ... this resonates with my isfp-isfp experience . bizarre is exactly the right word . i am an isfp 9 sp / sx . i am seeing an isfp 2 so / sx . we are dynamically different , and it often feels like we have nothing in common . basically all of our differences is a reflection of our enneagram ... exactly this . parenting is a big deal , it's basically a life goal . if your goals and values are not compatible , there really isn't a real relationship . you need to have common ground to even begin a ... maybe bringing a new life into the world isn't rewarding to her . maybe she'd prefer to adopt . what sort of conflict arises ? are you trying to change her mind ? this goes back to her maybe ... as an isfp who doesn't want kids , i would say she's being honest . i don't think isfps are the type to play elaborate mind games . we're just honest upfront . if you want kids , you should probably look ... just saw it in theater . christian - entj ana - infp i originally thought she was an isfp , but later leaned towards infp because she's an eng lit . major who is also a romantic . i never read ... oh man ... i have housemate troubles too , and i'm usually one to bring them up . my housemate now avoids me ( i think - we didn't see each other much to begin with ) , but i really wish she would just ... i am in my mid - 20s , and i identify as an asexual and aromantic isfp . it was weird realizing that others were puzzled by this as i was growing up , and i wasn't able to acknowledge / adopt these labels ... i am especially nice at work and with strangers . being nice works in my favor , it keeps me more or less invisible while still taking care of work and responsibilities . with those in my innermost ... i think infjs and isfps make good friends . when it comes to smoothing things over between your intj father and your isfp interest , i think primarily you could be a spokeswoman for your isfp , ... apparently 4 years later i have a different perspective than i gave when i responded the first time . your isfj friend is likely an enneagram 2 . definitely read up on this type as it will clear up a ... i highly doubt you can come up with accurate results that isolate mbti affects on respiratory rate due to different lung size and blood pressure alone i take deep long breathes naturally , and i have a naturally very-low blood-pressure . exhaled / inhaled 2x in 15 seconds .. this would definitely depend on an individuals activity level . another isfp i ... they got engaged 2 days ago . :) theyre super compatible . maybe you should just tell the person . sometimes that makes it stop , and if it doesn't , at least you did something about it . :) gl . realize that the person is probably on a pedestal in your mind and likely isn't as great as you imagine . i back everything ferroequinologist has said . what prompted you to tell her that it's not a burden and that you don't mind ? did she ask ? what's her body language like ? does she mean what she says , or does she say things because you expect her to ? your interaction sounds like the interaction between me and high-end extroverts , ... that sounds like a highly fe thing to say . the istp , infj and enfjs i know are more likely to think this way , whereas the fi users i know are more independent . so no , that's not isfp mentality ... what you said right here is something that i can see my more isfp friend saying too ! it's really endearing and makes me wish everyone could see it that way . =] he's enneagram 2w3 i think ... i ... lol same . i have a friend who is way more isfp than i am , and around him i think i basically look like an intj . his first impression of me was as a manipulative mastermind ... which shocked and ... an estj that i know very well can probably make it work with any type who she admires and who also appreciates her . she is currently seeing an intj man who deeply cares for her , and i think it might ... i basically agree with everything said here , yay . > _ < gemini sun capricorn moon virgo rising hi perc women practicing a specific faith , i'm currently taking some religious studies courses at a california state university , and one of the classes is about gender in religion . for one of ... i admire you for managing to balance that split . it wasn't right that you had to go through that , but you made it through . because you can't undo what has been done , you can do two things with that ... awww . this is so cute and idealistic . i know an isfp male who does everything seemingly unplanned ... i don't even get it , because i grew up with extremely j parents and friends and teachings that ... how i react when i see someone's ennea type : 1 : this person is probably way more serious than i am . 2 : warm fuzzies ! wait ... 3 : sup 4 : i automatically sense underlying pain . 5 : how nerdy are ... . adding my personal thoughts to the discussion : i feel like in any relationship , open communication is important if one is actually becoming codependent on the other . this doesn't mean an ... i would speculate that isfps generally internalize more than they point fingers . not sure , but i've always felt that feeling it physically is something isfps are especially close with . i'm ... i read up a little on your other posts , and i hope you're through with her . as an isfp , i loath being intentionally ignored . i get it when people are busy or simply doing other things - - i'll go a ... i'm a 9 . i'm a blow up and get over it type person . i think my se and te are fairly strong , so although i can experience strong anger all at once , i strive really hard to find any way possible to ... surrounding myself with good people brings me out of fi / ni because it offers me new input to work with and perspective to see from . building a meaningful relationship can be hard and sometimes ... i'm in the middle of feeling pretty crappy , so this looks like a thread that i need to visit . and do something about . hm ... i love ... the fact that i can choose to love i guess . the ability to ... i've always had great interest in near death experiences ( ndes ) , and after doing some searching , i've come to the conclusion that there is life after death , that the soul lives on . if i'm tired of my ... i considered myself consecrated to god for a good portion of my life , probably until my 20s , until a friend i cared for challenged my faith in the goodness of god . this was an agnostic / athiest friend ... if we enjoy conversations with each other , we probably have friendship potential . i tend to value the conversations that expand me and move me in ways that are important to me . if a friend makes or ... sometimes it helps for me to get my environment and surroundings straight . i'll get uber detail oriented with my room and make it so that there's no more improvements i could make to it . shower . then ... sound probably affects me the most . sounds i love : birds , my sweet sweet pet budgie , music , and how someone's voice sounds . then smell . i love the smell of my blankets , people i love , fresh scents , ... yeah . i don't get how people know . to me it sounds like people just take risks or chances ? i've never been in a relationship for this reason . someone theorized once that it's because we approach ... the intj that i've posted about in previous posts is actually an intp . it became clear after realizing the difference between ni and ne , ti and te . so ... now i'm not really sure whether or not i know ... she was just highly micro-managing , and had an insatiable need to dominate and be part of everything that was going on in the office . she was a very sharp girl and knew everything there was to know ... i'm an isfp , i'm really bad at staying angry ... i don't really stew or dwell in the background . i usually have to hide until the anger goes away , and once that happens , i'm more than happy to keep ... '