' oh i'd love to , but as i don't live there she'd just take it out on my girlfriend , who is even meeker . as good as it would feel , i'd feel much worse seeing her having to deal with the situation i'd ... i'd never before thought of myself as a vengeful person , but recently i've started to realise that i might be , just in quite a low key way , that may basically be a form of passive aggressiveness . ... thought it would be interesting to post this in the intp section seeing as we generally like to think of our selves as pretty balanced people . what i mean by argument hijacking is when an ... i envy you immensely . do you never get disappointed at waking up ? the dream journal thing might be worth considering . if my attempts based on sock theory prove fruitless i'll give it a try . i just realised that in all my dreams , no matter what the setting or situation , i'm always wearing the same pair of socks . all the rest of my imaginary attire changes depending on where the dream ... well thank you for your concern , what i'd have done without it i have no idea ... i am chastened and ashamed for having the gall to discuss the topic of gender cultural norms , so do forgive me for ... to be honest , that's another kind of mentality that bothers me . the whole archaic view that men should be dominant leaders . in the 21st century that's just such an ignorant view to have . if you are a ... if there's one thing i hate about males in general , its the inescapable macho-culture . i hate it for a variety of reasons , most of which are the obvious feminist ones such how unnecessarily ... given that aphrodite was meant to be a goddess of love and had millions of adoring worshippers , she was probably pretty narcissistic herself ... here i am , brain the size of a planet ... the guy that has the thought of sitting there rubbing two sticks together to see what happens , and then half an hour later waddles back into the camp with his eyebrows burnt off ... the main thing that i find annoying about the concept of spirituality is how people seem to think it has a monopoly over concepts and states that are not actually spiritual at all , but mental and ... that's actually a very good idea . hope you don't mind me stealing it . thought this would make an interesting thread because i've heard of other intps with this problem as you may have guessed from the title , i'm useless at small talk . i find it as difficult and ... the trouble with maths for me , is that i always end up overlooking a small detail or making a stupid but tiny mistake , which throws all my calculations completely off . i'm competent at maths but ... when you sit down at your desk to do some work , and half an hour later you've not started , but have instead drawn up a plan to rob a bank using only a string of sausages , a badger and a small teapot . personally , i think he's more left wing than he lets on . i reckon if he was as liberal as he wanted to be , he'd lose support from the more conservative americans and so he has to act like he's ... what if , at the last supper , when jesus told his disciples that he would be betrayed by the one he dipped bread with and then did so with judas , he'd actually meant for his other disciples to use the ... i just end up baring my teeth . it's more of a snarl than a smile ... when you're seeing a therapist about something , but after a couple of questions , instead of waiting for them to ask more , you just start asking your own and analysing yourself out loud . thirty ... did you see the headline that they're linked to 100 race killings in the last five years ? other species have to scavenge and fight each other over the most basic essentials like food and shelter . humans live in huge cities with as much food and water as we can eat / drink ( obviously not all ... to me , one of the things that make intps fascinating is our eccentric and unusual behaviour . we do things that to others seem mental but to us make perfect sense . i thought it would be great to ... more naive than pretentious ... what do you mean by too intelligent for our own good ? it's been very good for us . of course , because nothing screams security and self esteem like a 50 year old man who feels the need to brag to strangers on the internet that he's been having sex since at least the age of 30 ... i get pissed off by some people from nt types who , knowing that their minds are relatively logical compared to other types , assume that all their conclusions have been reached logically and thus are ... wile e coyotte he comes up with these amazing , intricate theories on how to catch roadrunner , but always overlooks a minor detail , causing his plan to fall to bits and thus he ends up getting ... we live in a time where surviving simply isn't as challenging as it once was . its not like most humans have to scavenge for food and avoid being eaten by predators in order to get by these days . with ... then by your logic , your wife would plagued by regret for settling for you over a more experienced man ... your argument is wrong in many ways , but mainly its being a massive generalisation based ... that is not strictly true . i doubt that there is much of a difference between the way that people of either gender respond to sexual history or infidelity . the logic behind why people respond ... well that escalated quickly ... i disagree as i do think that man made external factors can be for all intents and purposes bad luck , as long as the person suffering the effect of the factor is not ... sure , because a child born with aids in a somali village is just not smart enough and has failed to grab the right opportunities in life ... there's no such thing as high standards , its just a thing people tell themselves they have because it sounds better than admitting that they're just fussy . it's like when someone who's really snobby ... likewise fate is basically destiny , it means what is pre-ordained to happen . karma is the belief that for whatever good or bad actions you make , good or bad things will happen to you to balance it out . or ... i don't believe in luck as a force that can be changed through totems , charms and black cats etc . however i do believe in it as a mere statistic . everyone in the world will have things happen to ... there really isn't any conclusive evidence that we do have this mysterious sixth sense , which is why its not widely scientifically accepted . of course there are things we don't yet understand about ... actually i think you'll find that the brain cells can't regenerate ... that's why people who suffer brain damage suffer permanently . if there is a decline in general intelligence ( which i doubt is the ... oh well in that case that's fine then :p what a charming wife you must be :p you are a poor poor liar . i suppose nakedness would make people feel more comfortable in their own skin ... but i'm english and nakedness ( like comfortability ) is a crime . it would be unheard of to even think of leaving the ... i normally avoid posting things about me in threads like this , but that just makes me feel like a hypocrite for reading other people's posts so here goes ... currently in a relationship with an isfj ... haha i'd hate to see you in a pessimistic mood then :p i agree that nowadays we see a lot more people acting stupidly , but that's mainly because the media knows that it makes for more entertaining ... the world is not getting dumber at all , quite the opposite in fact . we only think it is due to the news and social media causing us to hear about all the stupid people in the world , whereas ... where did you find this guy ? that doesn't answer either question i suspect you may be an expert on the subject of third rate intellects :p i'm always saddened when i'm going through the intp forum ( a forum supposed to be for people who prize being rational ... have you never read the hitch-hiker's guide to the galaxy ? humans are the third most intelligent species on earth , dolphins are second . they constantly try to communicate with us , but we just ... i'm not sure i know what you're saying , could you clarify ? '