' her and i have known each other for over 4 years , we dated a bit last year , never got exclusive / serious , kept in touch and did things together , so she knows me pretty well :) she's quiet around ... she's been texting me today wanting to have nsa sex , then that changed to just friends , as she is feeling alone and bored . at the same time she's calling me names again and blames all of her behavior ... the age is not a concern for us . i am very healthy , active , fit and not your typical 48 year old . plenty of stamina and go in me ! she is more of an i than and e while i am more of an e than an i ... i'm a late 40s male , istj of course , though not an extreme one . everyone who knows me swears i'm an e as i am very social and chatty and can be very extroverted at times . i'm definitely and i ... late 40s istj , recently dated a mid 30s infp . i loved her quirkiness , her free spirit , her sense of adventure , her feeler loving side , her love of travel , her love for animals . i did not like her ... she's 38 , drinks heavily , self medicates , thinks it's a mans job / role to take care of her every need , emotionally and financially . she sees a therapist though it's my best guess it's not for root ... amazing , you described my 4 month relationship with her , and then the past 4 weeks of her going at me over text since i ended the relationship . i'd love to help her , i just don't think it's my place ... as an update , i ended the relationship about 4 weeks ago after the events i mentioned in this thread / post . wow , i have never seen so much evil and hatefulness , and threats , since then . she said ... as an update , i ended the relationship about 4 weeks ago after the events i mentioned in this thread / post . wow , i have never seen so much evil and hatefulness , and threats , since then . she said ... male istj here and i am the same . i need to have a connection with a woman before we have sex . i have never had a one night stand and sex to me equals you are in a relationship . my buddies make fun ... i understood , and i appreciate your feedback . this quote caught my attention . she was never good at eye contact . i love to gaze into a woman's eyes , especially during passionate romantic moments . she would look away and tell me it's too intense ... agreed , i never asked about her problems knowing this from researching infps ; i let her talk to me and i just listened . and yes , i do feel like she was always trying to guess what i was doing and ... her behavior is not cool , and she has done stuff like this in the past . this weekend she even said in the beginning it should be all about her , her needs , me taking care of her , that she deserves it ... i am a fixer , though with her i do not fix , i do not try to change her , i do not point out her flaws , i do not pick at her ; i keep quite and just listen . i noticed doing so gives her what she needs . ... this is exactly what she said this weekend after i initiated a break up conversation . i initiated the conversation after an unrealistic financial request she made of me and when she also told me ... it's been a while since i posted here . i'm a male istj , mid to late 40s , no kids , divorced for over 4 years . i've had one serious relationship in those 4 years with an enfp . i dated another enfp ... should read infp it's been a while since i posted here . my 2 enfp relationships did not work out , i ended them both . i then started dating another istj . it was great a first but then we started ... you describe me , to a t . especially the sex part ! spot on with exactly what she kept talking about . when i tried to draw conclusion , solve our problem by stating we should she would say i am lamenting , i am feeling , all i need you to say is i ... ? ? ? well said , and thank you . i want to wait until the end of the month , it's really not that long , before i move forward with my dating life . she feels worth it . i am getting on with my life ... i am happy alone . i spend a lot of time , alone , and enjoy being by myself . no clue where you are drawing these conclusions about me from . lets agree you don't need to reply anymore , deal ? :-) ... thanks man , great advice , wish i would have thought of that . note to self ... okay , any advise on how i should respond to her ? yes , they are easily hurt , which is a struggle for me . i hurt her with being passive aggressive a week before we agreed to pause , as i was feeling hurt and upset about the whole crisis . i don't ... huh ? here is my backstory with an enfp i was starting to date : http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/221690-how-does-istj-learn-how-feel-if-they-want-relationship-enfp.html the woman i dated ... finaly email : hi < insert her name > , i hope you and < insert daughters name > are doing well . i have been thinking about the money that i loaned you and your intention to pay it back . i have ... thanks ! i care about resolving this , closing this , and we both feel good about it . i just checked her linkedin profile for grins and giggles . the loan i gave her was to bridge a gap between a lower paying job and a higher paying job . she assumed she had the higher paying job in ... i'll bite : 1 . how are you in relationships ? kind of vague question . emotionally i can be distant , i will shower you with small gifts . sexaully , you will be warned as i am an animal and have a ... usa , and i thought about what i would do if she did not pay me , could i , would i , take her to small claims court . the answer is , no , i would not . it is one reason i kept the emails , as documentation ... i took your comments dug and rewrote my reply . i realy do not care about a friendship with her . though our breakup was amicable i have little interest in a friendship with her . all i really want to ... i'm listening and appreciate your feedback . you are pretty much spot on with how i feel about this . i want to stop thinking about ; it's the last thing between us and i want to close it up . but for her making such a big deal about ... kudos to you as an enfp to read this book . i wish all of my e types would reead this book too ! this , well said . as recent as 10 minutes ago i was called an extrovert , yet again , because i am very social . everyone thinks i am an extrovert . i'm not , and i now , love it with all my new found ... i use to feel this way myself , until i read this book quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking : susan ... using the suggestions here , this is what i have drafted as a reply to her last email reply on the subject ( she sent the reply a couple of days after i loaned her the money ) . she used the word ... i think what i want from this is : 1 - pay me back in full , one payment , when can you do this 2 - pay me back overtime , how much and when 3 - just tell me you are not going to pay me back any ... amazing advice , exactly what i am looking for here , how to approach her as an enfp and how to communicate with her . i was going to be direct and say something like i hope you are doing well . i was ... well said . my female friend entp hears the same from folks in her social circle . i see her differently though . i love these qualities in her . istj here , male , and my best female friend is an entp and we get along very well . we talked about this last night , how the feeling in people drives her nuts , especially when she just wants a yes no ... she is the type , when she has money , she spends it . she wasted away family money , wasted away money she made from a good job before we met . she claims she gave it to friends and family to help them ... my ex enfp gf always had money issues the entire 12 months we dated . she said she would never ask me for money then . i broke up with her for other unrelated issues . 8 months later she came back to me ... volunteering and meetup groups : find your people - meetup i did exatly what you recommend during our brief 4 weeks of dating . i'm not a jealous or insecure type to begin with nor did i ever blame her for where she is now with this ex husband stalker . she ... not invading at all . this is great advice . my ex gf was an enfp , and from reading your reply , probably not a mature one in understanding her nf and my istj . the woman i recently started to ... 47 year old male istj . i have suffered from general anxiety disorder and social anxiety disorder all of my life . i quoted disorder as i really do no tlike that word ! it's has gotten worse as ... '