' lol ! ! that's too funny . those are some great ideas , thank you ! perhaps i can get some urban artists to donate some of their artwork for the cause , and sell for charity ? now i need a location ... hmm ... yes i see what you're saying ... we're cute : cool : lol jk but yes i get that vibe , especially from my ex bf . he would tell me i'm like a kitten , and pinch my cheecks and tell me i'm cute . used to ... it's funny how you talk about her being delicate and feeling the need to protect her , because i get that from all of my friends and even some new people that i become aquainted with . i feel a bit ... hi , and welcome ! : cool : i know he's not that famous in america , but can someone help me guess what type eduardo verastegui is ? i'm thinking enfj , but it's hard to say ... thanks - i have a friend who has a daughter who was diagnosed with cancer . she's a crn , and unfortunately she is considered to make too much money to qualify for state aid , but she's been getting medical ... you know i was looking for you earlier when somebody took off w / lance in a knapsack , and now lance is missing and nowhere to be found . ;) poor lance - guess i'll just have to eat his ... if i couldn't keep secrets then nobody would tell me anything . :) interesting ... pepper huh ? i'm going to try that , thanks :) yay ! other infj's do exist ! ;) hi dina . architect sounds interesting , but i think the technical aspect of the job would not suit me well . i was considering something to do w / writing , but those careers are so lucrative . i tend to be very over protective of my family , and everyone always seems to come to me for advice .. so i guess councelor and protector both fit . i don't think anyone does after the load you left in the toliet .. well thats what you get ! here , have another cookie :) i'm having trouble deciding exactly what i want to major in right now . i am considering a double major . , but one would definitely have to be in an artistic arena . i'm more interested in the visual ... * kicks roland in the shin * * hands roland a can of febreze * * eats cookies and runs around on a sugar high * i do that sometimes to . thats normally when someone will waive their hand in your face , or ask if you're alright . lol i think you explained that quite well :) this is exactly what i've been doing , and for some reason it's not working . it worked with my old dog , but for some reason this dog's not having it . it doesn't help to rub her nose in it because ... i would call cesar millan but i'm afraid he'd yell at me . lol she's just so fiesty now ! if it wasn't so hot outside i'd make her stay out there all day until she learns . yes i definitely ... i got a lhasa apso around thanksgiving of last year , and it's the cutest dog you've even seen ! ! ( i'll post a pic ) anyway ... she was so cute and small that i couldn't help but baby her a little . now ... where's a horse when you need one ? * sits back and drinks the rest of the beer and begins to comtemplate the meaning of life . * there are some great poets on here ! here's another : flower i am nothing more than a flower , on which you like to gaze . i have nothing grand to offer but a day or two of grace . i love organization ! ! it's funny and weird , but i feel so much better when everythings in the right place and looks nice . cheers .. * stays far away from knapsack * infj's are sexy , thank you very much ... and so much more ;) all that fire for a jack rabbit ? ;) morning the birds sing their songs in the early dawn as i awaken to the morning light . in the sight of the man who walks hand in hand with the maiden dressed in white . in the gallows of the ... this is exactly how i feel . i saw this video on youtube about an infj and i felt like he was telling all my secrets . he explained his thought processes and it was like he knew me better than any ... thank you :) i'm glad to be here . i've always been curious about what other infj's are like , and how they compare to me . i watched this video on youtube of an infj and i felt like he was telling ... why helllo there ! * jumps out of a tree and lands on nyx * you're it ! ! ! hi ! as far as writing goes , this is what i do - if the conceptual idea of what i wish to write comes to me first , then i jot it down along with various scenarios that pop into my head that i might ... exactly . i got told off by a bunch of 13yr olds because i couldn't focus on playing spades online .. as drowl dripped down my chin . lol i don't want to go to sleep ! ! i'm afraid i'll miss something . welcome imogen . ! lol ! actually i was doing that on purpose ... i mean playing that role of my avatar . all in fun . like i said , i'm silly when i'm tired .. but thanks ;) hi rachel ! ! ! welcome :) thanks ! i guess i'll share my cupcake with you at lunch since you're my first new friend . ;) ( feel like i'm standing up in front of the class on the first day of school ) ummm ... ahhh ... * sweating , heart racing * hi . my name's perdoname .. and i'm new to this forum . forgive me if i come across ... lol ! ! ! i feel so at home here ! ! let's all rent a place together ... and act like we don't live together . ( since all infj's need space ) haha p . s . - i just noticed that alot of us are ... and espeically when a song comes on that provokes a certain mood ... one minute i ] could be daydreaming about how to treat everyone nicely at work and build my repport , and the next i'll be ... okay , so this has nothing to do w / music , but i noticed your pan's labyrinth poster in the background and i have to say that's one of my favorite movies ! ! ! i hear he's coming out w / a vampire book , ... i am soo with you on a lot of these things ( especially the last one.lol ) .. but i haven't been that honest w / myself yet . i mostly want to change ppl around me , because i always believe my ... i find that my best are in the car for some reason . . sometimes i'll pulll in the driveway and wonder how i made it home . lmao i woke up in a cold sweat ... and continued to dream about bears for several nights ... here's a question : what was your favorite daydream ? i know i need a pic ... i tried to add one but it ... i sometimes daydream before i fall asleep and when i finally do fall asleep i end up dreaming about my day dream , but then it gets weird . example : i had this daydream of what if i was famous ? how ... what you need to do - ( coming from a girl who had a man do this to me ) is stop being so nice and smooth , and just don't bother w / her . make her think that it's not big deal to you anymore .. she ... i daydream about what i would do or say if i was fearless '