' when i was younger i was more daring . i lost my license from points ( too many speeding violations ) , and from a single speeding ticket ( 30mph over ) . now that i have a wife and child . i try not to ... i answered post #97 in post #100 . azrael point # 1 . atheism is a belief that there is no god . if atheist claim to not know exactly how the universe came to be--they are being dishonest . if you really do not know ( or have a belief ) , ... i personally do not really believe in human spirits existing in our universe because there is no observable evidence to support them . i am not saying they do not exist . i just do not see any reason ... kestrel bioghost comparing god to dragons and pink unicorns is a bit dishonest . there is not direct and definite evidence in a judeo-christian god , but there is evidence in a creative presence ... your point is valid . perhaps i should say the god i believe in . also , the actions you are referring to were done by irrational an imperfect people . the same could be said for anything ... i never claimed that only god is good . just that goodness is the character of god . and for a direct response to your silly question--why have similar words at all ? we could simplify everything ... i am not saying a person cannot be good without believing in god . some of the best people i know ( and some of the people i admire most ) are atheists . i am saying there is no finite goodness / morality ... enfp : love to chitchat with anyone and everyone about anything and everything . this is really not a critique as much as it is an observation . i am usually doing something else while listening to music ; walking / hiking , driving , working , etc . i rarely listen to music with lyrics , because most people do not have properly tuned vocal cords . if you are a believer in god , you believe god is good . goodness is god's character . if you are an atheist , good is an abstract term that has no true definition . i try to simplify as much as possible , but it really depends on the audience . strangers get no answer , associates get short answers , close friends get answers to questions they did not ask , and my ... spatial . that sounds about right . most people thought my istj friend ( he now has a serious girlfriend ) was homosexual for the longest time . i am not sure why though . he never had a girlfriend , but he also never had a boyfriend . i ... i eat oats with cocoa nibs and honey with regularity ( for regularity ) , but not daily . i need an option for , has distracted me from work quite a bit i have rage issues , but i am getting better with age . when i was younger i would let things boil up inside me and then lose control . these days i try to stay as objective as possible . i like what ... i have had a lot of one night stands . wow ... now that i think about it--almost all of them were one nighters . maybe one night was all they could handle . i would like to start a dance revolution , but i am not sure how i would go about it . i am also not sure i would want it to end . i was hoping someone would catch that . ( i drink whiskey because i like the taste . i have been thinking of taking up cigar smoking ) i enjoy playing sports like basketball , football , soccer , racquetball , golf . i cannot get into watching others play them though ... well , maybe golf ... sure thing . we do not have regular meetings , but we do have t-shirts sometimes i feel like less of a man because i have zero interest in sports . what do you think about sports ? our brains see what they want to see . i feel for you . i am not tall , but i used to shave my head . i constantly had people bugging me about it . i guess that was something i could change ( and did ) . this also reminds me of a current ... same tired old points . i am very well read on the subject . and i am also not interested in a discussion . i too could care less what you believe . that is silly statement . our republic was designed in such a way to allow anyone to amass wealth . wealth is not finite . it is not something that has to be guarded from the masses . anyone arguing ... i wish i knew his secret for keeping cocaine off the mustache . george carlin was an entertainer . humorous , but stupid ... like most entertainers . lobbyist are a symptom of the disease in washington . we have allocated way to much power to our leaders by way of ... the rich stay rich by not spending their money on a bunch of crap they don't need . i agree to a point . i have always thought church was a waste of time . it took me a long time to find a church that made me want to wake up and spend half a day with people . the church i go to is ... we have some talented members who volunteer a lot of time and money . i am planning my exodus to tx . i was raised in a christian home , but i was an atheist until a few years ago . i started to see a creator as i studied the universe . i have become a christian recently . i attend a small church in ... i almost always have a light beard / scruff . i keep a beard for the sole purpose of laziness . i just trim it 2 times a month . i am a classical liberal , known today as libertarian . i believe in individual liberty . i believe people wholly own their lives , and thus should be free to live their lives as they see fit without ... i just bought my summer wardrobe today : four pairs of khaki shorts , three blue v-neck t-shirts , two red pocket t-shirts , a green v-neck t-shirt , two pairs of blue flipflops and one pair of green ... i studied from afar until i could find an entry . ( pun intended ) i honestly cannot remember how i flirted . my brother is an isfj . i have spent 27 years with him , and i still do not know much about him other than the fact that he is extremely private . we fought constantly as children . we were not done ... i watched this film thousands of times . today's scientific fact is a laughable fallacy tomorrow . in my free time i am here , playing my bass , reading , working on a sculpture , or ( lately ) playing portal 2 . i am an engineering and it recruiter . i work as a contractor for one company full time . i also have my own business on the side which i am trying to get up and running so i can stop working for other ... it is not absurd . you are making an argument that your life is more important than someone else ’ s . most people would be happy to help someone in this situation ( myself included ) , but no one should be ... i would advise you to just ask him to do something alone . personally , i would have never turned down an invitation from a lady when i was single if i had even the slightest interest in her . at that ... you are misinterpreting my point , yet again . i agreed that one cannot profit without someone else's expense in the literal sense . if i charge you $ 100 for a widget it is at the expense of your $ 100 , ... i learned to just be 100 % myself at all times . i scared a lot of women off this way , but ended up with a wonderful woman who loves me despite my many faults . the women i pursued when i was ... i am straight . kinsey scale would likely be a 0 or 1 . i cannot say i have never thought , there is a good looking dude , but i would not want to pursue a sexual relationship with a guy . we are talking in circles , and i do not care enough to continue much further . i will address this last point since you asked me to do so . a person's life is made of of a material being along a ... a different argument all together , so i am happy to leave that alone . yes and no . they may have worked hard enough to own a house but squandered the money on frivolous things . i do not own a ... '