' ghostbusters ... obviously inglorious basterds the royal tenenbaums bottle rocket zombie land i was going to put a shotgun in my mouth , obviously didn't do it i don't want to anymore , but if i had to , i'd jump off a high location proteus said exactly what i was going to say , there are just as many boring men as women nt males : do you think most girls , in general , are pretty ? ... yes , especially those that are ... hold on to my hand i wouldn't call it a claw okay , it's a claw you should pursue a career in photography ... or just keep taking excellent pictures as a hobby thanks or posting , i have a young daughter and several nieces and nephews that i would like to think might see me in a similar way i don't know about other intjs , but my mind is a toilet my favorite foods - blueberries , yogurt , avacodo , cashews , brocolli , lettuce , pepper cheese , dark chocolate ( 70 % ) , pad thai , peanut butter & ... i wasn't going to plant cucumbers in my garden this year ... you changed my mind ... besides they're so easy to grow my name , is the coolest name ever - dale honeycutt feral tamper dirt funny wow , there's some great paintings on her site , i'll have to send the link to my brother , he is a collector of fine art lol ! this painting is hilarious ! what's the story behind it ? intj agnostic / humanist as a young boy , successfully fought off being brainwashed into christianity yea , same here i play piano , guitar , drums ( not so much lately ) mostly self taught , have no interest in playing other peoples music , i like to play original material i also enjoy photography ( sometimes like to ... i'm not good at typing ( guessed wrong on my own mothers type ) so i'll take your word for it . the movie is awesome though why does the evil basterd always have to be an intj ? ... haha hot child in the city - nick gilder my older sister ( by seven years ) used to take me with to her friends parties when i was about seven , they called me little man with an emphasis on man . have also been called old man and wise ... during my formative years , i worked at a pickle factory for a short while until getting fired ... i stuck my dick in the pickle slicer ... she got fired too : laughing : reading ( fiction and non-fiction ) , photography , listening to music , playing piano , drums , guitar , etc . , general tinkering / experimenting if you want to get close to an intj , find a similar interest my enfp wife is awsome and she knows it same here , i'm mostly serious but get really goofy / absurd / ridiculous around my enfp wife , but only if we are alone i have never watched anime , but the anime still images i've seen on the internet and in print are not appealing to me at all for reasons i don't understand empte hit it on the head i've bee told i look like the grim reaper when wearing a black hoodie at night with my stoic face and bags under my empty eyes that makes sense ... to some extent ... thanks i think your dad sounds like a douche bag ... sorry , but it's true don't stop thinking ... just stop talking to him about intellectual topics i can understand if it's close , like maybe 40 % or something , but when it's not even close and you still claim the other trait ? i don't get it unacceptable as it may be , i do love the bad example you're entertaining why don't you write some more for us all to enjoy try using the words i , my , and me less often : confused : i've noticed some people on the forum are claiming to be a certain type , but they will have a signature that shows otherwise . here is a made up example of someone claiming to be enfp ... i am not on facebook or any other forum except personality cafe very nice . do you have more pieces to show ? yes , it is art wolves don't live in packs naturally . they live in small families . the only time they form a large pack of unrelated wolves , who fight for leadership , is in captivity . i am oh so ooey gooey with my lovely wife ( she's an enfp ) and no one else i agree with priestess . i prefer dogs and am allergic to pussy just a little tidbit about myself for you - during my formative years , i worked at a pickle factory for a short while until getting fired ... i stuck my # ! & * in the pickle ... i agree , anything with labels or advertisements i do not wear . i mostly wear jeans and t-shirts ( alot of greys and earthy tones ) , oh yea and i also hate those jeans that you can buy pre-stained ... i like the scary priest , is there a story behind it ? keep at it i don't know the answers to your questions , but the description of your husbands ' memories are similar to mine ( although my childhood was not nearly as traumatic , it wasn't great either ) i don't ... yea , i mostly agree , although i plan on changing my avatar every now and then i like animal collective and grizzly bear - never heard of fleet foxes , i'll check it out as for myself - my maudlin career by camera obscura it's just another day to me , i don't like the attention . my wife had a surprise b-day party one year - good intention but bad idea , i hated being surprised by a house full of people with no time to ... i like them , especially zaks ' death stare don't be so hard on yourself - ( this coming from a perfectionist ) : laughing : that's exactly what i was thinking . burn it the unwritten rules of social relationships by temple grandin two hundred and forty-nine i think most people regardless of personality type would say the same thing including myself , but how many would really give the majority of the money away if they actually had it ? i have no idea ... deep depression as a teen , worked through it on my own anxiety off and on which leads to being anti-social ... smiling on the phone , that's a good idea for a weirdo like me , i'm going to try it '