' do you relate more to john lennon , bjork , and thom yorke ( all infps ) or to paul mccartney , bob dylan , and eminem ( all isfps ) ? watch interviews on youtube , and the differences should be easy to spot ... what makes you think you use ti ? and if you used ni and ti that would make you either infj or istp . good book . :) on a serious note , don't choose your future by anything anyone else says . decide yourself what you want to do and go after that . and never try to choose a career based on your personality type , ... a child called ' it ' . very dull so far . and a biography about catherine the great . she seems entp - great character . :) probably estj . i took a professional iq test a couple of years ago . a friend of mine ( probably intp ) really wanted to do it and wanted someone to go with her , so i did . my result was 134 . now this is more intj . :) it's this kind of thing you missed out in your original post haha . you didn't see anything fi related ? on a different note , what signs of ti did you see ? i have no interest in proving anything . and i couldn't even if i did , as the only info we have is what this ... haha yeah , it appears from reading simplistic articles on the internet that unless you're blind or have had your tongue cut out you can't be an n type . that's bull . everyone uses all their senses . ... they're both ji functions , so yeah . ti doesn't promote values . ti evaluates new ideas by comparing to the truths it already understands , fi evaluates new ideas based on how much they value them . tinenite have you tried taking the new quiz at personalityjunkie dot com ? not only is it short , but it's one of the best on the internet . i think you have to sign up for their newsletter to take ... ti and fi are very different . the op is far too subjective to be a tp type . but , as you say , intj is possible . astronomy entj possibly . your post was quite hard to read because it's all in one block for no reason . it seems to me that fi is stronger than te , due to the fact almost the whole post is soaked in fi-isms like [ i ] relate their opinion back to my personal value and try to understand that it is only ... i have some ideas about how to fix that . they're not very good ideas , but at least they're ideas ! adam savage comedy has always worked best when it is mean-spirited . john cleese ... entp is my guess . i took a quick look through your original post and i don't think you're an ntp type at all . i saw zero ti in the post haha ( far more fi-te ) . my guess would be fi-dom , possibly infp . typing people ... editor for a publishing company , marketing films or books , or a prostitute . :D extraversion , in typology , isn't about how social a person is . there are many shy entps out there . it's just a question of whether your dominant function is facing inwards or outwards . enps are ... i think intj works . i think you're probably enfp . :) you sound like an fi-dom type . probably isfp , but infp is possible too . beckii cruel ( xbextahx ) obvious enfp it's pointless trying to type a five year old . if the kid still acts the same aged ten , they'd probably be an ne-dom . if it doesn't then i have no idea what i've done with my life . i don't think i've ever been so angry i lost control . i don't get angry very often at all , but i do get frustrated all the time . :) yes , i find it easier to think when walking ( preferably indoors - outside there are too many weird things to look at ) . whereas we entps are perfectly normal . :D haikus are a more reliable way of rating a person's intelligence than iqs . thanks . :) oooh , i see you're an infj - that's one of the weird ones ! ! intps and enfps . nearly all my beliefs are uncommon ; that's what happens when most people in society aren't interested in asking questions . :D but they're all rational - or at least i have a bright searchlight for ... i'm entp i love driving . the faster the car the more fun ! however , i have to point out that i only really drive around tracks . i got my first racing license at 14 and have been competing in ... yo motherlickers ! ( yeah , i'm a mighty boosh fan :D ) i've been gobbling up info about jungian typology for a while now , and find it fascinating . i'm an entp , no doubt about that . :D it ... '