' i grew up in the south where even the vegetables contain pork ! i do like spicy foods , but not if it just masks the flavor of whatever it is i'm eating . i think the variety you talk about is important , otherwise you might as well just chug a bottle of hot sauce . ... entp . and clearly corsican . ah . i see . yeah , you probably wouldn't want to be my designated driver . you have easy access to knives . i think the answer is fairly obvious . the infamous blanket ! have you mailed it to me yet ? you'd hate driving with me . i go a different way pretty much every time i drive somewhere just for the variety . cool . i have a b . a . in philosophy , and fell in love with epistemology and skepticism . i could go on for days , but i don't want to derail the thread . i'd be interested in the book when it comes out ... that's the dilemma , i suppose . do you get anything from being on the board ? extra pay ? maybe it wouldn't be so bad to speak up consistently and let the chips fall where they may . desire machine your book sounds really interesting ! do you have a background in philosophy / epistemology ? 543594 i'm sure your elbows are just fine . most other mbti types surround themselves with me . eh . 5/10 . look at how pointy her elbows are . that's cool . does the whole brexit thing cause any problems with that ? i see . is it easy to emigrate there ? true . just to get away from the breeze ? sounds like a beautiful place ! i've never experienced a sea breeze . hence the joke . i'm not sure what his type was , but asking obnoxious questions of those in power seems like an entp pastime . yeah , 26c sounds pretty nice . where i grew up it regularly hit 45-48 c in the summer . it's already common knowledge that entps are always and everywhere appreciated . if you don't believe that , just read about the life of socrates . at the moment , i'm appreciating a strong cup of ... you did leave out an option : https://youtu.be/nxXOy_xaIU0 another in a long line of good looking entps . etudiante , unfortunately you have a few things working against you . being a woman in business can be tough because people tend to consider an authoritative attitude from a woman as being bitchy ... i see what you're getting at obv , and i largely agree . the only problem is that sometimes we may have to impose certain beliefs through laws , etc . there are places in the us where people , strongly ... so do you have a reason you don't drink or did you just make a personal decision not to ? yeah , erotic creature works much better in my experience . it really depends on the occasion . i'm fine with going to a close friend's house or having them over , but i tend to get antsy after a while and prefer going out . pub / bar / cafe is good as long as it's ... unprofessionalism . yeah . maybe even a nice nap here and there ! well , i'm not geonerd but i can definitely relate to this . sometimes they make it out like extroverts are just constantly out partying and the only people who ever read a book are introverts . it ... interesting . it was a combination of higher fe and lower si that helped me figure out i / e . i mistyped as intp before because of some social anxiety issues i've had , but i never identified with a lot ... love it ! :d evilish : pretty much this . except i've never had a nasty fall from a safe place . true . we could always just fake the credentials and study the law in between the experimenting . normal chickens are good ! my grandfather had an old ford tractor . it was one of the first ones i drove as a kid . our ducks are pretty quiet most of the time . they really only quack when something ... any time . well , one of us is just going to have to go to law school . you don't happen to be an entp lawyer , do you ? ombrè looks nice , hombre . of course ! i always forget about the entp lawyers ! yeah , it's best to stick to more safe jokes the first conversation or two . anyway , much of what xdae posted is what i was getting at . you have to take an actual interest in the other person ( active ... just imagine the surprise for the subject who downs the whole glass expecting to succumb to the poison and quickly end everything when they realize it wasn't poisoned and now they just get to slowly ... i respect your commitment to the so often neglected taunting factor of cold blooded murder , but couldn't you do both ? like put poison in the medication the person needs to stay alive right in front ... ok . so it's not like you're thinking gee , every time i make that joke about axe murdering my family people seem to stop talking to me . now , in the right company , axe murder jokes can be great , but ... it's the smirk , i think . in real life anyway . i've not seen your smirk through the screen . now i can't listen to this : https://youtu.be/fendlp6iu9s without mentally replacing poet with parrot . so thanks , drunk parrot i'm wlt 2015 on there . i see what you're saying , but i don't think missaverage is just over reacting to normal family sharing of information . not to mention , the fact that her friend and friend's mom immediately started ... '