' above and on top of that what really irked the people who tried to do this with me was that i rolled with the punches and then threw a sarcastic comment as a comeback that made them look ridiculous . ... - i didn't notice this at all . ofc there were the starry eyed teachers pets who studied extra hard and knew everything by heart but they weren't really favoured . some did , some didn't . i wasn't ... i wonder if this will help with the possible food shortage in the future ... 1 . it's a tool , if i need it i use it 2 . personally i don't really plan that much , if i have a start point and even a vague goal i usually have several possible ways to get there . usually nothing is ... android and iphone devices account for over 90 percent of all smartphones sold worldwide . despite being very similar in functionality , current discourse and marketing campaigns suggest that key ... https://blog.acolyer.org/2016/11/10/when-csi-meets-public-wifi-inferring-your-mobile-phone-password-via-wifi-signals/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k-QHA-QAMY&list=RD0k-QHA-QAMY aeons ago i had a quite nice beta ld deck .. swatting is not always the best option . http://i.imgur.com/VMWCylN.mp4 eventful morning . first a bus driver tried to cause an accident by cutting in front of me and then workplace nurse gave me the seasonal autism shot . i really hope that it helps me to dodge the ... i really wish that the elections in the us would be over with already . every god damn news outlet is filled with that garbage . just elect one of the lizards already and move on . 18 years ago in highshool i used username virz and it started to seem silly , we had a course called religions of world and agni came up , after pondering a bit i decided that it seemed like a cool ... the whole gaming aspect of laptops seems quite odd to me but as a powerful work machine i'd go for lenovo p70 as the specs seem quite good . no idea whether or not the nvidia quadro m5000m works for ... herky the hawk's grimace too ' aggressive ' for fragile students , iowa professor says - washington times coddling taken to the extreme . amagad the mascot looks too unfriendly ... are they on the plane or in north korea ? i can only speak for myself but the way i do it is not plan everything by the minute / hour and i've never had . generally when i need to accomplish something i define a goal and the needed minimum ... green girl worry not , jellybaga ™ will protect your claim to the world although i could not find your title . did you forget to ask bethdeth to assign you one ? rising sign : gemini sun : capricorn moon : libra mercury : aquarius venus : aquarius mars : libra jupiter : scorpio saturn : libra uranus : sagittarius neptune : sagittarius hugthevoid i think that one of the only places ( if not the only ) where nipples are an issue is us . i cant really wrap my head around the fact that blood & gore are completely ok but < insert deity > ... be happy about the fact that you were important enough to be able to hurt her / him / it . https://lolzombie.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/office-paperclip.png search function , can you use it ... from your question i'd make an assumption that the answer is no . so here you go . let me google that for you does not eating for couple of days by accident fit the bill ? this happens to me quite regularly that i forget to eat and after a day or two wonder that why do i feel so tired and sluggish .. oh ... after two weeks of holiday . me : what is this shit ? manager : oh it propelled fanwards the day after you left and made contact the day after that me : has it been dealt with ? manager : naah , we ... i find it illogical to voluntarily limit the foods one can eat . that being said i do like a healthy diet but wouldn't even want to imagine dropping meat from it . balance is the key to me . rurouni kenshin and fma were quite entertaining . highschool dharma ... lesson : vindication has a price . people fade away anyways so actively ' quitting ' seems redundant and for that reason the blocking measures seem a bit drastic . friends stick ... beaten addiction : wow ( nevar again ) current : nicotine , coffee danger is real ! you go jt ! http://i.imgur.com/4vq2BqB.jpg 17965326 minutes old , give or take couple of minutes . punniez thank you for the strawman . my issue is not with counseling in general or with people who need it . it ’ s with people who thinks that it is some kind of silver bullet that will fix every - and ... so it is for what i thought , people who don't want or know how to handle their own problems . if it's as you've described my opinion is that the people who need it are not ready for the commitment ... could someone explain what the hell is ' premarital counseling ' and what are the real and perceived positive aspects of it ? i did some googling on the topic and it really not clear . to me that just ... i always end up playing healer . dps classes are mostly boring as hell and tanks ... well looking at < insert random huge pixel monster > s leg is just not my cup of tea . the problem with accounting is that it's dead simple and mind bogglingly boring which results in zoning out . zoning out then caused me to mix debit / credit in one entry so the ledger was wrong by ... an other god damn corporate lottery of who gets to keep their job . i have a serious dislike of uncertainty but luckily there's always plan b and c waiting to be executed . both would involve ... i ’ m not really doing any structured plans even though sometimes i ’ d really need to . identify goal -> rough path to achieve the goal -> estimate the time needed + add 20 % for unseen shit that ’ s ... no no no , he must have been entj , as everyone knows that intj's would be in the shadows and he'd just manipulated someone else to do all the shouting . no , not this shit again is the only thought that came to my mind about the topic . there's a lot of old threads about this , i'd recommend skimming those . 73.333 out of 100 masculine points 34.167 out of 100 feminine points 57.5 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . so they collected the cripples , the wounded , the maimed and they shipped us back home to australia the armless , the legless , the blind , the insane those proud wounded heroes of suvla the only ... crap ... it's been almost a year since i last saw one of these threads . no idea if it's due to selective ignore or there hasn't been one . why can't people use search ( even though it's quite crap ) to ... trait score percentile https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wX24lR_UzXE i'll just leave this here . sjw's are doing more damage than good in my opinion . how trigger warnings are hurting mental health on campus - the atlantic isis map reportedly shows plans for domination of europe , north africa and middle east | metro news this should be interesting .. isis - ak47 + suv vs . russian : armata yes , but you need to pay for the prescriptions .. https://narf-archive.com/pix/f5d49abe402d1a1bb8202ba6298455ab737c82ba.jpeg it seems that the eula changed in win 10 . i'm not super exited about the changes . https://edri.org/microsofts-new-small-print-how-your-personal-data-abused/ http://i.imgur.com/AGWvtRM.jpg '