' welcome and enjoy your time here ... keep coming back :) good to have you here ... hm , i find this a strange question . i've played competitive chess for nearly 25 years and i have the idea that i've met far more intp's than intj's . i do not really believe in the p / j-difference to ... yes , i did , a couple of times . being the firstborn child of psychologists played a role in this . scores varied from 136 to 144 . being top 2 % may seem impressive , but as i read on a calender once : ... interesting question . my guess is that the least likely answer for intp's is the one that starts with present . in most cases , i shrug and keep silent . it is only when people ask me for feedback , that they get the full intp-correction-treatment . i often forget that people who ask for feedback in many cases ... welcome maedays . it's okay no to say too much , there is plenty to read and observe :) enjoy your time here ... i think we debate in a different way . i often find that extraverts use far too many words to debate and lose themselves in quantity . and yes , they can do this in such a way that i often feel like i'm ... i am a native speaker of dutch . as a belgian , i learned french at school , but i feel more comfortable in english , i use both professionally . i have some notions of italian . could there be a type ... in the morning , i get up earlier than my family . i take a shower , make coffee and read or surf the internet before leaving for work . it sounds harsh ( to non-nt readers ) but my least favourite moment ... hm , this is a classic misinterpretation : intp's not showing emotions does not mean they don't have any . however , it is true that as an intp i have often felt it difficult to get in touch with ... @ aya http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqAUmgE3WyM i am curious to know whether this applies to other intp's as well . i consider sigur ros great intp ( or enneagram 5 ) music . partly because of it's esthetic complexity , but mainly because it is very ... it does sound like the behaviour of an intp in his teens . this obsession with correctness in language , being precise , is typical . what is also typical with intp is that they really don't realise how ... i guess the ntj's . ntp's love of complexity sometimes backfires when designing ( and certainly implementing ) systems . the avatar is nice , but a bit too detailed for this small size ... 7/10 atheist intp most importantly , i developed a sense of empathy . i find it much easier to relate to others and thus find it easier to understand them . in return this made it easier to relate to them and gain trust ... 6/10 a bit too macho , but might suit you ;) no , you are not . i'd think it quite appealing to nt's ... i superb cover : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzWQV5OiQQQ skied in high school , i majored in science . i never understood why i chose that major since i really did not like chemistry and maths . i guess i did not really care what to study . i am pleasantly ... the older i get , the more i find myself relying on f . i see this evolution as a result of becoming a parent and becoming a teammanager . in both roles i have to take care of others . but even apart ... well yes , it's a good idea , since this forum is about much more than type . you'll enjoy it . welcome to perc ! you hit my real question : does one sweat while surrounded by water ? i just noticed that when i take a hot bath , i seem to lose 200 grams . i can not have been that dirty , can i ? 9/10 absolutely disturbing , probably just the way you like it ... the young vicotria . not bad , but we've seen a little too many of this kind lately ... oatmeal any thoughts on typing sigur ros as a band ? in ... welcome to the form , nice to see you find your extraverted ways here :) by far the most melancholic ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww9JS8dJ9fY&feature=fvwrel welcome to yah yah yah and enjoy the blah blah blah , hope to , well you know the drill ... the obvious : what's your type ? welcome ... the eye , the 2002 chinese version . while driving my car , with my voicerecorder right beside me . today i noticed that some people make a lot of gestures while having a phonecall , as if the person on the other line can see them . i happen to know some of those people's type and they were all ... hm , if getting no feedback is an issue , in my experience with int's , you should ask for it . it may simply not occur to them to give ( especially positive ) feedback , but ask for it and you'll get it ... i have to admit that i really am a passive-agressive . anger is associated with loss of control , which is a horrible thought . so you could say passive-agression is some sort of sublimated anger for ... careful : to be among such a high concentration of fellow-intp's might have seriously destabilising effects ... enjoy ! welcome to the forum ... a local version of jeopardy . does that still exist in the us ? into the wild tought me that i have finally grown up . as a youngster i would surely have sympathised with chris , but now i see the selfishness of his choices . of the depressing type : never let me ... for a fistful of dollars ( 1964 ) . strange to see a clint eastwood that is younger than me ... maybe not the best of all classic westerns , but still really worth the 94 minutes ... it probably does make them more sneaky ... won tons that looked far better than what they tasted like ... http://chaxiubao.typepad.com/photos/the_sum_of_hong_kong/p6210023.JPG i didn't get my drives licence until i was 27 , but i've always found cars interesting . 5 years ago i also got my motorcycles licence . where as a car is a ( very nice ) tool , the motorbike is mostly ... welcome , both of you ... left and right are such difficult concepts , let alone when you apply them to politics in europe and north america at once , and i have no clue about the rest of the world ... '