' i am bad at being an active forum member . i made a hey guys , i'm back ! post about a month ago , and this is my first post since . well , see you all in a month . damn , it's been awhile . good to see the forum hasn't died ... yet . perhaps it's time to dust off the keyboard and jump back in . i wonder if anybody even remembers me at this point . how long has it ... if it's in moderation , then it's not really abuse . it is the very lack of moderation that designates an action as abusive . but that is a discussion for another time . on the subject of the thread : ... when i first took a test to determine my mbti type , i was still in high school and tested as intj with a strong preference on everything but the j , which was moderate . i can't recall the exact ... my brain hates me . i know i am still awake , so how do i keep dreaming as though i'm asleep . this is somehow unsettling and intriguing at the same time . i should take notes . i am frequently told i look like a serial killer , it was humorous at first , now it's annoying . web browsing while only semi-conscious may result in unwanted posting of personal problems . it's been far too long since i last posted here . well , i'm back , in any case , and a lot's changed , too much for one post . so much spare time ... i think i'll write a book . if the distribution of these parasites were even , then yes , but in reality , there will be more infected people in some areas than others . since it is the entire human population , then it must include ... holy crap ! just got done watcing sinister , that movie is fucking creepy as hell . there are two things that we can be certain of : 1 ) we have experiences , therefore at least one reality must exist . 2 ) the reality we are experiencing now is the only one in which we currently ... 2 months of almost complete isolation ; so much has happened , and yet , nothing has changed . on a side note : tear gas fucking sucks ! edit : oh right , i graduated bootcamp , by the way . getting on my first flight in 3 hours . heading to chicago for basic training for the us navy . no internet during basic , so see you in 9 weeks . i am extremely thirsty out of nowhere , i've drank four 16 oz waters in the past hour ... and now i have to pee . eclectic for me , most of my music tastes happen to fall within certain genres , but my music interest is not genre based , if that makes sense to you . usually when i find a band or artist that i like , ... yes , brewed strong , no sugar . i have thought about society and how downhill it's going , but i only do what i need to to maintain an enjoyable existence for myself . i read quite a bit . i ... fundamentalists adhere to the core values of a religion , it's the extremists that cause the issues . what started as an intellectual boxing match has turned into a full on social war . this has been interesting , i think i'll just creep back into my corner and continue watching from afar . i think we need more smart parents , then we'd have fewer stupid children . edit : or to phrase that better , we need fewer stupid parents . no , but i do lime the idea . ^ ^ i haven't the slightest clue why , but for some reason this makes me happy labels are stupid and tend to be poorly chosen , especially the labels of these equality groups . for example , the label of feminism implies that they are in favor of females over males , but , as we ... it's not only possible but tremendously more profitable to do this legally . and you need all the same knowledge anyway , so there's really no point in developing weapons illegally . the ... christ man , lighten up . mighty_mumu was simply pointing out the potential humor in your post she was in no way implying that you specifically are prone to stereotyping . look , being prone to ... i guess everybody's cars are breaking ; my truck , my dads jeep , a friends vw rabbit , and now bethdeth's car ( whatever it is ) . anybody else on this list ? head gasget blew in my truck ... the day after i get my licence . the repair only costs $ 50-60 , but i have to disassemble pretty much the entire engine to get to it . and the best part ? all of the ... well , i finally got my drivers licence today . better late than never , i suppose . my face is usually expressionless , i prefer that people don't know what i'm thinking until i find it necessary to share my thoughts ( or act on them , depending on the situation ) . the road by cormac mccarthy 1984 by georg orwell cats cradle by kurt vonnegut ishmeal by daniel quinn ^ i never thought i'd see the day when someone in the us was actually arrested for thoughtcrime ... actually i'm pretty sure it's happened before , just not to such a rediculous extent . yup , we're going ... i am apparently incapable of proper writing today ( i was very careful with this post ) , i need to get more sleep . marraige is a religious establishment , that is why it is traditionally performed by a priest ( or the equivolent thereof ) . the government never should have gotten involved in it . so , it's your turn ; ... government should have nothing to do with marriage , no benifits , no restrictions . gay marriage should be allowed by the government , but the church should not be required to do it . marriage is ... pretty sure it was just sleep deprivation , but perhaps ... every description here has lead me to believe that i am definitely more static . last time i took the test , i was 9w1 ( or was is 1w9 ? i'll have to retake it ) . i've tried self-typing on the enneargram , but i don't know nearly enough to do it accurately . on the subject of the ... i sat here for 20 minutes staring at the mysterious orange object sittiñg on my desk before i realized that it is the knife sharpener i bought just yesterday . wake up brain , it is time for you to ... my frustration comes more from the fact that brokengenius wasn't banned for his repeated trolling . as for codger's comment not being intjesque , you'll find that personality type isn't nearly as ... damn amazon web browser , must you crash every time i use perc ? you're kidding right ? after the obvious trolling done by brokengenius , codger is banned for insulting him ? people need to stop being overly sensative . for a little while , anyway . please stop feeding the troll , he's getting quite annoying . i had my suspicions before , but after seeing these posts it is quite obviouse that you are simply a troll . ignorant , narrow minded statements such as the post quoted above . mbti does not determine religious preference , nor vice versa . along with that , practicing a religion means that you agree with ... you're arguing against your own logic here . you say that not being able to prove or disprove something is not grounds to believe that it could exist , then you turn around and say thatbeing unable to ... have you yourself done this ? because i have , and the only fact is that there are no facts either way regarding the existence or nonexistence of god or the afterlife , just speculation . aside from ... might be a good idea to invest in a new dictionary . your ' label ' would be nonspecific theist or undefined theist , which ever you prefer . no , it means i don't know , and i don't care . i am not against all religion , on the contrary , i believe that religion is an important part of defining a culture . saying that any religion is cracked up ... i do not use driving as a form of combat , so i am neither offensive nor defensive . '