backstory : trying out a game where players are randomly matched according to some leveling system for one game . i get matched with this player who is either really serious & long term or has invested ... u200bto be happy . if it hurts in the end , isn't that ultimately proof that it was worth it ? in high-school , in college , people are growing together , putting down little roots in each others ' soul . when it comes to ... i am me , shaped by the world . if it helps , i go about life with the intent to do things that will make myself matter . not a question of what matters , but rather how will it matter , if that makes any sense . i've always viewed ... yes . the usual kind , i suppose . a violent and controlling father who dominated my childhood / teenage years . then separation , estrangement , and the discovery that his shadow still looms over you ... door slammed : 7 houdini'd : too many to count . i don't know what to think , not anymore . not after seeing the scattered remains of people , individuals who existed , lived , laughed , fought , who had dreams now decomposing without dignity and being ... i usually have no problem apologising when i feel as if i am truly wrong . generally , i state my mistake , apologise , then add something reflective about the situation . slightly awkward , but necessary ... but isn't there a previous condition imposed on her love - that you are her son - and the same for you - she is your mother - ( not discounting your bond in any way , please don't take offence ) . and ... i was considering taking my fold up camp bed and a sleeping bag + pillowcases of some kind . roughing it in a nice hotel : rolleyes : now that you mention it , i might bring my own towels as well ... yes , i believe in unconditional love . it must be possible , although i don't think i'll ever be able to offer it to anyone . being on the receiving side would be a burden as well ( i'd imagine ) , because ... i would be interested to know how the plastic mattress cover works in practice . are there rustling noises every time you shift in bed ? comfortable ? i'm going on holiday and the idea of hotel ... early twenties . i attend university . i can't sleep unless i shower before bed , and change my pillowcase . a few months ago , the idea of sleeping on the same old mattress with all the accumulated skin flakes / accidental drink ... i have this problem as well . sometimes i fail to hand in assignments / essays which i have already completed , because i feel that that's not my best . a less-than-perfect grade for a 10 % assignment can ... after thinking it over , i see your point . perhaps grounding myself first in the real world is necessary before i start making virtual connections ... would you recommend volunteering in my situation ? ... 1 . peeking at the end of the chapter / end of the book is sacrilege to me : tongue : . though i tend to skim if the book becomes tedious . 2 . i tend to commit to finishing a book before i open a new ... 1 . the mentalist 2 . dr . who 3 . house 4 . the hours of my life ( japanese drama ) - truly moving . my mission in life is to be happy from making others happy . and matter , in some small ( or large ) way . hardest : estj , but i could imagine difficulty with an infj child on my part ( wanting to be the ideal mother , failing to do so etc . ) easiest : infp , isfp . enneagram : hardest : type 8 .  ... i confess that i just want everyone to be happy . to cut a long story short , i've recently come out of a year-long personal ' funk ' in which i completely withdrew from everyone including myself . realising and taking responsibility for the amount of ... is there a concrete way to ' confirm ' typing results ? i mean , i currently identify as an infj . the personality descriptions seem to fit , i feel at ease in this forum , and much of what is said about ... i should really stop posting when i'm in one of these moods . i come off sounding like a sanctimonious bastard , or the female version of it . myself . the ugliness inherent in the world pissed me off until i looked into a mirror and saw it reflected in myself . i feel drunk at the moment . don't misunderstand - never touched a drug for anything other than a medicinal purpose ( think wisdom teeth pain which had me contemplating ( only ) painkiller cocktails ) , ... i don't have ambition as such . i just want to be who i was brought into the world to be , to become the person i am meant to be . i want to affect people , cause changes , weave my name into the ... i confess that something is missing , and i don't know what it is . perhaps one of the hardest parts of life is learning to accept oneself , to be at peace , to be who we ' ought to be ' . to be honest , the best advice i can offer is moderation , restraint and control ... first of all , you are not a loser . now - i've always felt that i had expectations to live up to , and duties to fulfil to the people who love me . part of this feeling comes from my family ... if i should carve us in a tree penknife slipping on bark carefree - would you set my pierced heart free , twenty years after forgetting me ? your sun-brushed locks are dimmer now , the freckles ... economics , accounting and finance , and hating every minute of it . i swear , the worst torture in life is studying a degree which repels your soul . yes , filial piety is important , and yes , i do ... when i tell myself that i need a break , am i also hinting that i need to break ? also , i can't stand it when bakeries over-bake a batch of bread . i don't think i ever stopped being a child . i guess you could say i learnt to be an adult in order to keep being the child . i would have to credit books for allowing me to do so . i read early , ... i confess that i've never been able to keep a journal . instead , i write little thoughts / phrases on random bits of paper , corners of books , or on backs of receipts which inevitably go missing a day ... if i only realise a mistake after it has happened , why let me realise it at all ? all i am going to do is ruminate and brood on the mistake , replaying it over and over from different perspectives , ... i'm actually in a similar situation myself . the behaviour cycles , the lashing out , the tendency to extremes . even the family background seems similar , and i do think that growing up in that ... uh , i guess having a relative with schizophrenia would add to my chances . but the breathing is hardly a regular occurrence , and i don't ' hear ' anything else . i mean , it comes once , then vanishes for ... though this has little to do with personality types ... i was in my room attempting to fall asleep when ' something ' started breathing outside my window . steady long breaths , heavy , sounded ... when i read the words ' storing up energy ' i envisioned myself walking around with a huge tank on my back which needed a trip to the refill station :) though i do envy you . those few months must have ... as the thread title states , do any other infj's ever have periods where they feel utterly worn out ? because currently , i feel like a limp leaf of spinach clinging onto the side of a bin liner . i feel ... to be satisfied . does it matter ? dry rails of licorice , shining tracks greased with wear , lost cares , the pomade in his waxy hair . will you toss me down to lie , half folded , crumpled . my locks cry smearing blood on a ... if the person used to be a close friend of mine , i would tolerate a lot before deciding on an action / taking action . i tend to give them more and more rope , and usually end up handing them the end and ... what is your typical reaction to physical pain ? when people are around me and the source of pain is visible , i smile to reassure them . in some weird cases , i start laughing . but when i'm by ... i can relate to your infj's behaviour in the context of friendship . with friends , i display the on-and-off behaviour because sometimes i feel as if i'm pushing too much for connection , asking to ... what happens when you score near equally between j and p , t and f on tests ? how accurate are the tests online in determining personality type ? yes , all the time . it does not matter how poignant the advice , or how irrefutable the logic-if it comes from someone else , it provides only temporary relief . i tend to obsesses over certain issues , ...