social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... type 5 : cerebral detachment from the moment . invisible shell or carapace keeps humanity at arms length . almost not really there , a kind of observing spectre . i've been trying to think of a one word descriptor for my tritype archetype ( 145 ) , without success . i've come up with ' truth ' for the 468 archetype ( not a difficult one that ) and ' metaphor ' for ... 5w4 4w3 1w9 and intj . i'm very interested in the way the 4 wing and 4 part of my tritype interacts with my 5 ' ness . analytical and calm on the surface but with inner intensity that no one else ... i also feel bored when i'm with other people for long periods of time because i have to at least give the impression of interacting with them and living in their world . after a period of time i am ... male 5w4 , sp / sx . 541 intj rcoei . orange , dark blue , fluorescent green , charcoal grey . i agree that it is a gross oversimplification . my issue is that unless we are the fauvres and have all this built up information , based on countless interviews and questionnaires , then we don't ... the gentle spirit 479 . combines the originality of the 4 , the inspiration of the 7 and the peacefulness of the 9 . gentle , idealistic , healing and artful . individual gentle spirit ... the messenger 478 . combines the originality of the 4 , the inspiration of the 7 and the protective qualities of the 8 . unconventional , passionate , on the cutting edge . individual ... the seeker 469 . combines the originality of 4 , the supportive qualities of 6 and the peacefulness of the 9 . original , sensitive , needing peer affirmation . individual seeker tritypes : the truth teller . 468 . combines the originality of 4 , the supportive qualities of 6 and the protective qualities of 8 . intense and emotional , sensitive to inconsistencies . individual truth ... the contemplative 459 combines the originality of 4 , the wisdom of 5 and the peacefulness of the 9 . self aware , reflective , shy and reserved . contemplative individual tritypes : the scholar 458 . combines the originality of 4 , the wisdom of 5 and the protective qualities of 8 . an intuitive , strategic thinker , who likes understanding people . scholar individual ... the ambassador 379 . combines the focus of the 3 , the inspiration if the 7 and the peacefulness of the 9 . outgoing even if slightly shy , easygoing but success focused . the mover shaker 378 . combines the focus of the 3 , the inspiration of the 7 and the protective qualities of the 8 . dynamic , focused and positive , with will to make things happen . the mediator 369 . combines the focus of the 3 , the supportive qualities of the 6 and the peacefulness of the 9 . key themes are a search for success whilst keeping in balance and harmony ... the justice fighter 368 . combines the focus of the 3 , the supportive qualities of the 6 and the protective qualities of the 8 . themes are loyalty , straightforward attitude , rebelliousness ... the thinker 359 . combines the focus of the 3 , the wisdom of the 5 and the peacefulness of the 9 . finds clever but amenable ways to manage situations . peaceful and intellectual . the solution master 358 . combines the focus of the 3 , the wisdom of the 5 and the protective qualities of the 8 . tough minded and studious . find original and practical solutions to a ... the peacemaker 279 . combines the helpfulness of the 2 , the inspiration of the 7 and the peacefulness of the 9 . key elements are optimism , comfortable ways of relating , avoidance of conflict . the free spirit 278 . combines the helpfulness of 2 , the inspiration of 7 , and the protective qualities of 8 . key elements are being assertive , upbeat and straightforward . free spirit ... the good samaritan 269 combines the helpfulness of the 2 , the supportive qualities of the 6 and the peacefulness of the 9 . key elements are wanting to engage with people and be of ... the rescuer 268 . combines the helpfulness of the 2 , the supportive qualities of the 6 and the protective qualities of the 8 . key elements are being in control , shield others , follow a noble ... the problem solver 259 . combines the helpfulness of the 2 , the wisdom of the 5 and the peacefulness of the 9 . key elements are providing helpful , knowledgeable information in a harmonious ... the strategist 258 . combines the helpfulness of the 2 , the wisdom of the 5 and the protective qualities of the 8 . key elements are providing useful information and protecting by utilising ... the visionary 147 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the originality if the 4 and the inspiration of the 7 . perfectionists seeking standards that improve lives . the philosopher 146 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the originality of the 4 and the supportive qualities of the 6 . key elements are finding meaning , helping others find meaning , overlaying ... the researcher 145 . combines the ethics of 1 , the originality of 4 and the wisdom of 5 . key elements are investigating , analysing and teaching . researcher individual tritypes : the systems builder 137 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the focus of the 3 and the inspiration of the 7 . key elements are finding out what is needed and creating fun ways of achieving . the taskmaster 136 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the focus of the 3 and the supportive qualities of the 6 . key elements are responsibility , hard work and socially acceptable image .  ... the technical expert 135 combines the ethics of the 1 , the focus of the 3 and the wisdom of the 5 . focus is on using powers of observation and systems to achieve goals . the teacher 127 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the helpfulness of the 2 and the inspiration of the 7 . focusing on creative , fun teaching with a purpose . teacher individual tritypes : the supporter 126 . combines the ethics of the 1 , the helpfulness of the 2 and the supportive qualities of the 6 . focused on helping others in a structured and orderly fashion . tritype archetype descriptions the mentor 125 ( i . e . types 125 , 152 , 215 , 251 , 512 , 521 ) combines the ethics of the 1 , the helpfulness of the 2 and the wisdom of the 5 . private , ... so i haven't found anywhere on the net that has succinct descriptions of all 162 tritypes . using the available sources , including the fantastic thread on perc by the inestimable madhatter , i've ... interesting link . thank you for the advice re naranjo books . i'll follow that up . it seems to me that , although he probably hasn't achieved the level of jung or freud in the public mind , naranjo is the greatest living theorist on personality theory . i wondered what experiences - ... before i knew about enneagram i believe i found it most difficult to understand those who would probably be 3s or 6s . those who tried to get on in life but didn't seem to have any interior life , all ... i've been reading up on both the tritypes ( the fauvre's work ) and the 27 archetypes that emerge from applying instinctual variants to the 9 types ( both naranjo and susan rhodes ) . both are very ... 1w2 so / sx ? i can only speak from my own experience . my wife is a 738 or 783 . my step son ( her son ) is a 594 . they get along pretty well ( not just because they are mother and son ) . when the one gets aggressive ... 1w9 , sp / sx 5-4- 1 , 5w4 sp / sx . after spending a good 3 years reading everything there was to read on myers briggs and jung , i now find myself going through the same process for the enneagram . however , there ... you scored as introverted and intellectually curious . global 5 : sloan rcoei ; sloan + | r | coei ; primary reserved ; r ( 76 % ) c ( 72 % ) o ( 60 % ) e ( 62 % ) i ( 74 % ) i've yet to see descriptions of all 162 individual tritypes . does such a listing exist anywhere ? van morrison and robert de niro are both monosyllabic in interviews , but draw on something deep when expressing themselves . infjs ? based on my view of my opposite tritype ( another bronerd thread ) , my opposite is a person like this : 2w1 ( sw1w9 ): if i am virtuous i am worthy of love . 6w7 ( sw5w6 ): i never know enough about things ... actually , reading through the actual tritype descriptions , my natural opposite seems to be the 2-6- 9 , not the 2-7- 9 . the good samaritan rather than the peacemaker ! ! 5w4 ( sw6w5 ): uncovering an insight that is counter to mainstream thinking makes me feel powerful 4w3 ( sw5w4 ): most people are trite let alone have any ability to see the real me behind whatever ... 2w3 - 7w8 - 9w8 so sounds about right . maybe we each have a doppelgänger ' opposite ' in this world , struggling to find us ...