' if you are really up for the emotional challenge , you could go help out around a nursing home . the elderly are on their last leg and don't have much company . it will tug at your heart strings , but i ... not good . my drug bender is over and now i have to go sober for awhile . so yes , very grumpy . intp bs in chemistry been working in a lab for a year right after graduation , but i just landed a new job back in my home city . turned in my 2 week notice yesterday . having a relationship 679218 time to dominate this interview , intp style . i respond a lot with hmm oh yeah ? no way really ? in conversation . sometimes i will keep an internal score with a system in place . if the system has some bullshit rules , i will even it up by breaking a few and getting back at it . if the system is very rewarding ... my entj girlfriend's father died a few days ago . what can expect and how should i approach it ? i've just let her know that i am there for her for absolutely anything . she has cried on my shoulder and ... that might be the case . somehow i was able to link burdens , other than emotional ones , to morality . i seem to have lost my train of thought . i mean , i guess morality is a set of principles that ... oh yeah i misinterpreted the first post . thanks . so nobody is ever justified to feel jealous because of you ? the action causes a burden on their conscience . their strong levels of empathy will cause pain if they see other animals getting hurt because they can imagine being them . without the empathy , ... either istp yes , or perhaps istj ? hmmm how does the world view you ? pointless family view you ? smart and awkward friends view you ? smart and wild lover view you ? smart and sweet co-workers view you ? smart and lazy acquaintances view ... morals are a measure of action vs . consequence fin no universal meaning to life . you can create your own meaning , but just know as soon as your conscience ceases to exist , so does your meaning . sometimes i am jealous of knights from the middle ... deep thinking . we have a lot of eureka ! ' moments in our heads . as somebody who is in a serious loving relationship , yes i get jealous . so does she . it is what happens when you like somebody enough . i like the idea of reading books . i really wish i enjoyed it more , but every time i sit down and try i just end up looking at memes on social media . i like some intimacy and you have very little info for your profile , so i can't do it : sad : no sex til marriage i like women who are not easily influenced . to me that takes a certain intelligence to be so aware . i don't understand the concept of being threatened by intelligence either . powerful women are ... not all of us intps sit in mom's basement reading fantasy novels . you can find successful intps at the peak of any field . but , if you are referring to laid back as in no drama , then yes we do tend ... i get a mini-orgasm for every notification i get from perc though . is that my fault ? it is so unique compared to any relationship i have been in . going on two years strong . we started out as friends with benefits : wink : my brother from another mother , friends since birth , our fathers were best friends ( we would literally kill and die for eachother ): intj my loving girlfriend : entj my asshole friend that is on ... meh , tired at work . wishing i was with my girlfriend . i hope she likes the necklace i got her for her bday . and im super excited about the ufc fights tonight . letsss gooo i'm dishonest if it is for the greater good : happy : colds never last long . but being so fare , i get rashes and skin issues . rejection it isn't a fear at all . i'll try anything once . however , sometimes the sadness after rejection can linger in me more than most i think . commitment i just think i am very ... i mean , should i just list my bad qualities ? i am a grudge-holding , jealous , selfish asshole . people made me this way . fair enough this is a great perspective . i always wondered what if intps started acting less selfish , and instead did acts of pure generosity . hal well what do you do with this acute sense of harmony ? what do you make of it ? can you provide an example of being a slave to fe ? in your opinion , how does an intp with a strongly developed and mature feeling function act ? what are their thoughts ? what is evident ? i can be so critical of others . the squeaky wheel gets the grease ! about an hour left of work so i am trying to kill time . missing my girlfriend . wish i had more data on my phone to play games . rode my first mechanical bull the other day . when all was said and done i got a freaking standing ovation and plenty of high fives from random people . the controller gave me a free extra ride too , he ... i have a slight southern twang in my voice . i always found that conflicting with my type for some reason . i use a lot of slang and my text messages are extremely sloppy . my handwriting is atrocious , ... i agree with this . it wasn't until i graduated college that i realized i wanted an intimate relationship . before then i was just using relationships to have consistent sex . yeah i know it was fucked ... she is an entj . i think the secret to my girlfriend and i are : a similar sense of humor minor rebellious behaviors strong sense of logic and above all , loyalty without these i will get bored or scared , and ... damn y'all are trying to get me to stand up for myself or something . i am definitely fine with how i perceive things . i was just curious if you guys felt a trend . i honestly give no fucks about the ... no i don't mean i am missing an eye . lololol but i seriously have no ability to measure somethings aesthetics . anything i think looks aesthetic , it seems to go the opposite for 90 % of the ... theflame try having the perfect , trusting in every way , soulmate and then still feel paranoid . i am a fucking mess . here is another one for yall . entj gf : * sends photo of herself to me with caption i'm lookin good today lol * me : damn babe ! you are so freaking gorgeous . i didn't think i could miss you any ... my deceased father for sure . i am so curious to know what he was . entj girlfriend : so do you know where i am taking you yet ? me : yeah but i don't want to guess . entj girlfriend : guess ! me : it will ruin it ! entj girlfriend : let me hear your guess ! '