' i believe that something cannot come from nothing . i must then believe that there is , in fact , a creator . that only left me with the question , who is the true creator ? after many late nights of ... they're alright , but the dominant se can exhaust me of my energy reserve fairly quickly . i suppose it wouldn't be so bad if i didn't have to live with them , but i do ... acadia rtte is a netflix original series , so it should still all be there . the best httyd tv series they've pumped out thus far , if i'm to be completely honest . you make a good argument . i was one of the people who thought him to be ne dominant , but you cause me to reconsider . have you watched race to the edge ? i'm looking for help typing the villains ... i realize that this forum isn't bursting at the seams with httyd fans , and that the easiest place to find those would be in my own household . but my family , while near obsessed with the franchise , ... i received the result ' restrained introvert ' one of the highlights of te is the tendency to filter outer useless details . added to the fact that si is at the very bottom of our function stack , i wouldn't think we'd be so very fond of memorizing ... one could say i was feminine in the grandmotherly sense . most clothes of mine are hand-me-downs from my grandmother and older aunts . most of my possessions also came from my grandmother , whether she ... in my personal life experience , it seems as if they only want to talk about movies . i'm sure it's not true for all of them . i only know two of them , after all . my esfj sister tells me that emotional connection is an absolute , uncompromising necessity . : idunno : thirties gender - male age - 19-29 intelligence - superior idea adoption - conservative mbti personality profile - esfp closest alternative we found - esfj ! mobile devices get skewed results ! ... masculine - 62 feminine - 26 androgynous - 50 intj female i recently came across this short assessment test , and thought that it might be interesting to see what scores different mbti types might recieve for each intelligence trait . multiple ... 57 % intj 17 % istj 8 % intp 4 % entj 4 % infj estp seems to me a good fit . 1 . the # 1 comment i get from people is that i am a quiet , independent , and wandering loner . 2 . i make an effort to be as responsible and efficient as possible . 3 . my ... intj ( a ) , 29 , undiagnosed indeed , i did . the fact that i am an aspiring photographer , and have pencil sketching for a hobby , led me to believe i did not have my thinking function very high on my functions chart . after all , ... my father is an estp . he was a class clown , to say the least . a slight bias that thinkers can't be artistic . online drama . when fan girls are perceived by you as foreign aliens , intriguing yet bothersome . i wrote sarcastic answers in the text books . that was okay though , i was homeschooled . i asked my esfj sister this question just moments ago . she says : i'm just not interested . why do that when there are millions of other things to do ? she prefers facebook , and youtube . you may find the key through research of fe versus te . why do some assume that if you're 1 % of the human population , that makes you unicorn rare ? 1 % of all people on earth is approximately 75 million , which seems to me a pretty hefty sum . is it simply ... i only know one istj , who has taken the test , that is . she has a very broad range of talents , to say the least . she's a master of card games , board games , and physical activities . she's finished ... it often happens , most memorable being the time i was getting a hen for my canary rooster . i had a feeling that a little brown one was the right choice , but everyone thought she was a rooster . they ... i used to spill a lot of things , but then i decided to refuse to multitask for all of eternity . it seems to be working pretty well , for me anyway . now everyone says i'm too slow : laughing : wowzers , a lot of you have really long fingers ! in my family there's not much competition , the only close relative with fingers as long as mine is my dad , but compared to you guys i practically have ... upon initially reading the lyrics , it came across as a song about an rich , entitled lady who thought money could get you everything . here is a page i find that might be helpful to you , if you ... 568114  5681 22 568130 1 . drawing has been consuming most of my time as of late . 2 . a little bit , yes . quite often , actually . 3 . i'm not romantically interested in anyone , really . 4 . i like a book that contains a good ... probably number one , though it would depend on the dream and the circumstances . you're definitely a bit of a borderline . a contrast made by one person was that an infp tends to get lost in their dream world , while an infj tends to be able to snap back and forth between dreamland ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 65 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 75 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... i never got past the smell . sorry guys : laughing : you make a good point . i once bumped into an iq test that was asking questions about baseball rules . tibetan mastiff . i definitely wouldn't want any dog , but i do relate to this breed somewhat . never in my life . i do say bleep though , in moments of great frustration . i can be rather blunt . i don't typically beat around the bush unless the person is very easily offended . i get where your coming from . for something as big ( and expensive ) as university , you mustn't let others meddle with your decision . try combining your ni and ti , i find that often raises my ... considering the fact that you met on a dating site , i'd say that dating was probably what he had in mind from the beginning . you mustn't feel guilty , you two simply had very different ideas as to ... 26 out of 50 . socialization is one day a week , so i am somewhat lacking of experience in such areas . most definitely . thankfully it hasn't been in any serious situation . alone , away from everyone . can't see anyone , can't hear anyone , can't sense anyone . i wake up early and think for a few hours . if i'm worried about something i'll wake up super early , check the thing i'm worried about , and go back to bed to think . then i get out of bed , sit on the ... i don't dislike them , not really . i don't really talk to them , but i think that's more out of respect for their personal space . something that could be a part of it is the fact that they are one of the most common types , the most common in females . in today's snow flake obsessed society , it seems that if there are lots of ... infp '