' has anyone typed lee jong suk ? you might be right , actually . she seems a little bit more fe than te . i think the consensus is enfp . seems right . or maybe entp . yeah , for some strange reason , a lot of extroverted people ( well , a lot of dumb extroverted people ) seem to think that introverts are all sociopaths who have no interest in other human beings . i ... you and your exxj parents are always telling each other not to be so miserable . both for very different reasons . i feel like for a lot of my lifetime i've acted like a very stereotypical extp in public , probably to hide my sensitivity / seem more masculine or something . even now that i'm starting to be more true ... i just want to say that this is perfect . i've always seen him an an inxp . i'd like to say intp but he does seem fi-ish . i always knew i was close to being an intp . : shocked : i seem to be close friends with a lot of istjs .. doesn't that make sense function-wise actually ? it depends how you define maturity . a lot of people would say it's constantly being serious all the time always and not making time for fun or having interests which could be seen as ' childish ' . in ... intj it is . : tongue : intp . i'd like to say entp for happiest , but honestly , my entp friend seems a lot sadder than he lets on sometimes . he is pretty hard to faze compared to me though , and he's been through a lot more , so i ... i'm not creative or artistic in the slighest , and i'm also pretty cold . other than that , i pretty much fit the stereotypes . infp ? * mine are above * dear infp , you're a good person - don't worry about that . you're a little bit impulsive though , and that can end badly , you know that . don't beat yourself up over it , just try to use your self ... not much , at the minute . living seems a bit better than being dead though so there's that . : tongue : i may be the only infp in old england , it's very esxx here . : tongue : really young confused-looking infp reporting in ! 157906 i get intrusive thoughts all the time and end up hating myself for a while afterwards . i guess my fi's keeping me in check . : wink : yes . i think it's the right way to be , but i'm really not sure if it's actually a good or a bad thing . : unsure : istp . trick - entp morgan - ixfp stan - exfp ? mclaren - estj schiz - intp psiko - intp disney movies are for little girls . i'm not sure i know any intps ( my mother is esfj ) in real life , but there are definitely some attractive intps on here . fish and chips . with a cup of tea . god save the queen ! what do you people think about nintendocaprisun ? enxp maybe ? i probably wouldn't be making any of the decisions so as long as i could talk whoever is out of doing anything particularly stupid , i should be alright . i'd say yoshiki is istp , and i definitely agree with enfp for seiko . i'm not sure about satoshi , but isfp seems about right . ( edit : actually , maybe infp . ne seems to suit him better than se . ) ( and ... being bored , but also too lazy to actually do anything , so here i am ! i could never forgive you . no matter what . warning : kind of all over the place and indecisive . avoid presenting with decisions . feels . dear istj , i hope everything's going alright ! i'll try not to worry too much , but it's kind of a habit of mine . but you know that . anyway , i don't know if you'll still talk to me once you get ... totally rad to the max party man ! how about we sick dudebros go acquire some female genitalia and excessively consume alcohol ? slice ! perfect ! :D i'm not entirely sure if it would be or not , but now that i think about it , it definitely seems right for her .. i'd go with it ! edit : this is also something we could consider , i think . i'm not ... very good point ! generally , i'd say it'd come pretty naturally if they needed to be , but you're right otherwise . that's one of the things that i was doubting , so maybe entj would be more accurate . would you say the ' secretive ' and ' hides feelings ' parts particularly apply to her ? those were two of the biggest factors of aislynn being like the istj i was thinking of in my eyes . edit : oh , ... this mostly applies to younger entjs i know , so maybe it's something to do with not being fully developed , but they tend to express their emotional response to things when they complain . ( or ' suggest ... a lot of entjs i know have no problem letting others into their emotional life . : tongue : well sort of . thanks ! i was worried i'd failed completely . xdd si's a function i don't really understand too much ( even though i use it . : tongue :) , but the fact that she's street smart could be a sign , with ... hmm .. i'm not good with enneagram so i'll just go with mbti types . i probably won't be able to give good reasons or anything , but here's what i think . aislynn seems almost perfectly like an istj i ... my whole life is basically a cycle between reddit , youtube and here . sometimes tvtropes is fun too . you spend half of your day immersed in a game / book / show without actually watching / playing / reading . ( even though you mean to . : rolleyes :) mom : esfj dad : i think entj ? sister : definite estj me : infp their hearts are always in the right place , but needless to say i'm not too close to my family . : unsure : hmm , i'm not familiar with most of those so this is tough .. isfp ? as for me : http://www.cosplayisland.co.uk/files/costumes/3849/65672/CI_65672_1342398655.jpg ( probably the character i act ... when you try to make your communication non-verbal whenever possible . '