' congrats ! :) i have two younger sisters and two older half brothers . welcome ! ! ! i made peanut butter fudge with my sister ! i'm fine . :) watching tv . barriers - david archuleta i'm doing homework . =P i'm fine . : tongue : listening to music . who's that girl - hilary duff playing an online fish game . i voted for the first time in the texas primaries . ^ _ ^ you can - david archuleta i got an idea for a new story . but you only have two lives , not a cycle of lives . i guess if you broaden the definition enough , you can say i believe in it . : - l waiting for my hair to dry . running away - jesse mccartney in a weird way i guess you could say they're ' other lives ' . but typically people who preach re-incarnation mean that after you die you get a new body on earth . i believe you go somewhere not on earth ... everything happens for a reason . whatever bad things are going on right now , they all serve a greater purpose . god loves you . i'm in texas studying politics and the liberal arts with great ... nope , i don't believe it . you go to heaven , hell , or purgatory after you die , not another life . i don't really feel alone , but lonely . i've got tons of friends . it's easy for me to meet people and i get along with just about everyone . but i feel like i'm the person that everyone likes and ... reading , writing , biking , hiking , walking , soccer , watching football , camping , canoeing . drawing , computer games , roleplaying , listening to music , and daydreaming . i'm in college in texas . for spring break i'm going back to minnesota . it's not much of a vacation . lol in the summer my grandma will probably once again organize an all-family weekend trip to ... i love my family . i've always had a great relationship with my parents and siblings . i'm pretty close to my aunts , uncles , and cousins too ; at least the ones that live close . i will believe - nichole nordeman - waves - hiya ! welcome . :) welcome . enjoy your stay . :) i'm good . =) enjoying being done with classes for the day . open up your eyes i'll be getting ready for bed in a second . for class i'm reading paradise lost . i'm doing pretty good . chocolate fountain . ^ _ ^ relaxing and listening to music . kiss the girl - ashley tisdale getting ready to go to bed . http://www.aire.org/ea/images/312.gif what you mean to me - sterling knight protecting me - aly & aj i got a sunburn . lol , the reason it's good is because that means it's hot enough outside for me to be able to get a sunburn . i love the sun . :) i'm great ! it's 64 degrees outside and the texas sun is out . i've been outside for hours . i have a slight sunburn . xd something about the sunshine - anna margaret welcome ! ! ! yes , i love to explore . there are woodsy areas around my college campus . i love walking around to see what's there . i don't think i'd really change anything . fun game though . i drank poison as a toddler and now my physical is down to 1 . xd does anyone else love taking walks ? i find walks help me release my emotions in a positive way and give me a chance to think things over . plus , it's great exercise and always good to get fresh air . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjKUx2GItAo my room at home is very messy . there are books and papers all over the place . my walls are covered in quotes , posters , and framed pictures . there are a lot of religious symbols around my room . i've ... '