' do most germans also know english or atleast a broken english ? * waits for someone to say infjs aren't that rare without any reasoning and only based on who they know irl * that's depressing and silly care to explain ? oo i forgot about the road ... great book . have you read mccarthy's ' blood meridian ? i'm almost too afraid to read it lol also the tao te ching is great and there seems to be a lot of overlap ... anything by hermann hesse , especially ' steppenwolf ' and my favorite book ' the brothers karamazov ' by dostoevsky . yeah i recently got diagnosed . not sure how i feel about taking medication ... would it be rude to ask what you were prescribed ? i'm on vyvanse , but i heard adderall is better for inattentive types .. holy sonnet ix by john donne if poysonous mineralls , and if that tree , whose fruit threw death on else immortall us , if lecherous goats , if serpents envious cannot be damn'd ; alas ; why should ... bump for vanity : crazy : at my sister wedding with my other sister and mi papi http://i7.photobucket.com/albums/y283/timk50/60294_1483037070890_1082751759_31194047_3292134_n.jpg a rare pic of ... who do you think you are , wanting to post poetry in a poetry thread ? ! i can't believe some people ... : wink : kyle - you sound exactly like john c reilly in the movie ' magnolia ' :) some scenes from a couple of my favorite directors http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBalQOW-Hqg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3n4TxNeaPg i have often felt like i will die early . it's definitely irrational though . i think it's because i have a strong ni and weak se which alienates me from being able to enjoy life for what it is . ... how do you know if it wasn't so bad before you were born if you didn't have consciousness ? non-existence is terrifying because we won't exist lol ... it's hard to put the fear into words . it seems ... i feel like there should be a different picture for that slogan / creep sources ? it doesn't seem right that he would consider himself to be a ' pure type ' , whatever that means fairly well recognized for people that don't understand the theory ? lol jk ( sorta / notreally ) .. you fall into the role of intp because you're using your tertiary ti ( assuming your type is correct ) ( oh ... sorry , but jung was not an infj . i talked about this in another thread , but he said in an interview that he was 100 % sure he was ti-dominant . it was in an interview with either richard evans or ... from ' the sacrifice ' by andrei tarkovsky http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8XVayMChGc lol i feel the same way .. honestly i was kind of annoyed by the reaction of the vid . seems like having an experience with nature / a higher power is instantly ridiculed because most people have lost ... damn i actually saw that thread but forgot to respond lol ... glow pt 2 is among my favorite albums . mt . eerie is good too . i really liked wind's poem lp , especially the song ' through the trees ' .. i ... wish i knew these girls http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePwi5M2AJAQ thanks for taking the time to read it : happy : here it is : https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=explorer&chrome=true&srcid=0B-pHY_heaAKVZWY2NDBiZDgtODQ5Mi00NTYyLWI5YzAtY2RiMzk4Yjg1YTFj&authkey=CPHR8oAD&hl=en it's my first project so go easy ... yeah i really like avey's new album ' down there ' ... panda has a new one coming out later this year called ' tomboy ' . should be good . just so you know , their older stuff is much harder to get into but ... aww man .. me loves animal collective . i got into them before strawberry jam came out and they definitely had a big influence on me . have you listened to their older stuff at all ? it's so raw and ... yeah lady gaga seems like an sp to me . i heard before she was famous , her boyfriend / manager was responsible for constructing her weird persona . before that she was just a small-time indie ... i wrote a short 20 - page screenplay .. would anyone want to read it and give me some constructive criticism ? i loved holy mountain . still need to see el topo . tbh though , i'm more of a tarkovsky kind of guy : mellow : do you mean material things ? sounds like something a sensor would say mavis beacon : wink : check out ' a game of thrones ' by george r . r . martin . also , i'll always have a special place in my heart for the wheel of time series . sad that the author died before he could finish it : sad : unlisted videos - youtube help jung claimed that intuitives often have trouble with intestinal pain if they lose connection with their ' body ' . it's true for me atleast . lately i've been so in my head that it seems to manifest in ... hey i found it in one of these books , i don't remember which one though , sorry . ' conversations with carl jung ' by richard evans or ' c . g . jung and herman hesse ' by miguel serrano . carl jung was an intp . he said in an interview that he was 100 % sure he was ti-dominant . and i think he would know : happy : i disagree . you can't make such a definitive statement without truly knowing the person . anyway , there are plenty of non-infjs that question their type too . yeah i get what you're saying . i always thought that it looked like he had ni-like insights because of his confrontations with his unconscious . he has said that he got a lot of his ideas from that ... thanks asshole jung said in a few interviews that he was introverted , primarily thinking , intuitive , and had difficulties with his feeling function . so it kind of makes sense to type him as an intp . he definitely ... i mainly listen to classical , classic ambient ( brian eno , stars of the lid ) , some instrumental hip hop , and sometimes i'll listen to some indie ( panda bear , the microphones ) .. i probably listen to ... i think you might have ne and ni confused . i thought ni usually involved looking at the meaning behind everything so the original description made sense to me . i could be wrong though . your ... mbti isn't about the deeper i its about the functions you prefer using everyday . there are a lot of extroverts who think they are introverted because there are times when they need to be by ... you should look into ' active imagination ' as developed by c . g . jung . it sounds similar to what you described here . :) i believe socionics infj = mbti infp steppenwolf by hermann hesse i smoked weed everyday for 2 years but quit about 2 months ago . it made me really apathetic and my grades suffered ... but i also had some really good times smoking with my buddies . it's really not ... i have a twin sister who is pretty much the opposite of me . i can't stand her most of the time and i don't think she likes me very much either . oh well . at least i get along with my other sisters lol do people tell you that they think you're cocky or do you just assume ? introverted intuition can sometimes be deceiving . you seem to think that all of your problems stem from your good looks and how ... yup . it's probably because of the dominant ni and weak se and si . '