' i think i get you , if only a little . the rhetoric i use when dealing with others is disgustingly politically correct and devoid of any personal opinion because i am afraid of hurting others . i find ... i am agnostic , so i do not know if god exists or not . actually it's more like i don't care if s / he exists . that being said , if god were real i would want her to be a woman . i am personally more ... i was an officer of two clubs and the president of a third one when i was in college . i started off as an ineffective leader , but like all things i get better over time and learned how to get things ... first of all don't worry about age . there are people in medical school at the age of 40 , and they probably won't become attendings until they are 50 years old , and they are perfectly happy with ... i'm a libertarian . i'm not quite sure what the definitions of right-wing and left-wing are these days because politicians and people change sides in politics faster than the speed of light these ... i fail to see how the thousands of children in poverty would demean the existence of your future child or your potential happiness . does that imply that you feel guilty about your child's existence ... i generally agree with all of them . however i don't really agree with the wording on the last one . it implies that introverts are smarter than extroverts which is not true at all , and that ... how do i deal with hate ? by realizing that all of us are a little bit sexist and racist . and that by only condemning racists , i realize i am being hypocritical myself . then i watch south park , ... if money and status are not your definitions of value , then what is your definition of true value ? and once you have defined this value , how do you intend to produce it ? once you can answer these ... i'm an ex-liberal . i lean libertarian these days . i can't stand the idea that people should be guilted or prodded into following an agenda that doesn't suit their individual needs . and you know what ? you shouldn't have to feel guilty at all . if other people get offended then that's their problem , so long as you are tact and respectful . i think the part of the article that most struck with me is the pressure to be good at everything . i actually think it's extremely important to be good at and passionately enjoy the things you love ... freedom of speech . when one limits speech one cuts out all forms of expression and communication for one's own egotistical agenda . one then effectively silences a population in favor of obedience ... i actually believe this , but i don't think it's because we conveniently forget details . we tend to soften the truth when we want a situation to revolve around our own ideals and beliefs , or when we ... i love pop music . as in , almost every single kind of pop music . in fact it's an aspect of my life since childhood . i've loved everything from the boy and girl bands and pop princesses from my ... i don't envy you at all . i just graduated from college and i had a horrible time there . i came in expecting to get educated and feel useful to society , but in reality i just listlessly went from ... puella magi madoka magica came out in early 2011 . it's only 12 episodes long but it's already one of the hottest shows out there , and everybody unanimously believes it is awesome . it's got great ... the question is , who doesn't hide parts of themselves from the world ? i like to think we all have individual quirks we'd rather not have anyone else know , even family and friends . for example , who ... about to graduate soon so this song ( and all the songs in the musical ) really resonate with me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIJJxL9utow let the trolldom commence ! this is probably my favorite thread ever . yes . it exists . true , we are also partially a product of our genes and our environment but free will is what makes us unique individuals . it is why we do not consider identical twins to be the ... * raises hand * me ! grew up in norcal , but spent the last four years in socal . i personally love reading these kinds of threads . it never ceases to amuse me how these victimizers wallow themselves in indignant self-pity and rage at the world , all while being sexist and ... school is not the equivalent of education . education / gaining maturity can be gained through many ways , including job / life experience , reading books , and even going on the internet . school ... i'm tired of seeing threads about the perfect girl . i want to know what guys heterosexual females and gay guys like . you can be as deep or shallow as you want . i personally like someone who ... i'm reading this and it hits me hard how much you and i have in common . i'm also a 21 - year-old in college and i'm constantly questioning my happiness and asking myself if i'm doing the right thing . ... the difference is that dr . paul actually follows through with his commitment to freedom . when other politicians use it in pretty speeches , it's often shallow and is usually followed by policies that ... on principle i hate all politicians because i assume only narcissistic and arrogant people have the audacity to go forth and pretend they know what my individual interests are . dr . paul remains the ... you're not the only infp who feels this way . i have met bitter lower-class people who act as if the entire world can be neatly categorized into economic brackets / groups , and deny that the ... i learned how to drive at age 16 . i was expected to get my license at age 18 just like my brother and my parents were so close-minded that i had to do everything like him . i also come from a ... this video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYnlpaWWH4E 1 ) libertarian 2 ) religious agnostic , secular buddhist 3 ) individualist 4 ) anti-postmodernist 5 ) agnostic physicalist as idealists it's very easy for us to get swamped by reality when it does not meet our expectations . because we want to change the world we want to literally produce tangible results that let us see ... you should totally be a stand-up comedian . if they have enough common interests and values they may end up becoming the best of friends . i don't know how far the ' relationship ' aspect will actually go though . relationships typically need ... the federal us government was supposed to protect our life , liberty , and pursuit of happiness , and its powers watched over by the judiciary , legislative government , and most importantly , the ... i become apathetic when the goal i worked so hard for fails . if i put in honest time and effort into a long-term goal and it doesn't get achieved , i ask myself what was the point and get very ... in my fantasy world i dream of being the perfect mary sue . in reality the messiah complex just reeks of white man's burden so i'm put off by it . my most common fantasy world is a blank , white world with no boundaries , objects , or living beings . there is no contact with the outside world . there is only me . i am constantly running towards an ... clannad , but especially clannad after story . this show made me question my humanity and ask myself what is really important in life . the premise of the story isn't complicated but that only ... 1 ) the smallest minority is the individual . 2 ) nothing lasts forever . 3 ) nothing is free . everything comes with a sacrifice . 4 ) we are more than our genes and environment . 5 ) free will exists ... i don't think i have anything against estp's but i think it's because i have never interacted with any long enough to be a true judge of that . it may be because we don't have much in common in the ... while i may not like interacting with estj's i have to admit i respect them a lot . though their narrow-minded view of the world does give me headaches , i love working with them because of how ... when anything threatens our values we get all estj on your ass . i become extremely logical and critical of anyone who dares disagree with me , and i start to view everyone else as incompetent and ... i have a rather exotic fascination with small towns . i grew up in a multicultural suburbia and i go to college in a multicultural suburbia , so ironically enough , i don't really have a diversifying ... i don't know what level of philosophy you're interested in but since you want something that's relatively easy to read , i'd avoid all the hardcore stuff , at least initially . that means avoiding a ... how long were you waiting until you found the opportunity to do that ? is the next one going to be 1337 ? original poster zuko from avatar : the last airbender mithos yggdrasil from tales of symphonia the family is the smallest unit of community ( in the traditional sense ) . i never said we don't conform to our families . if anything that just means that the smaller the community , the more likely ... '