' i am in a home now , i signing up for ccc ( conservation corps ) if i get in ill be able live on residence . so right now doing okayish . all the work is down the hill , car i was using broke down , i was laid off . i dont have enough for a car i have no time for that . i planned on moving sunday and they bailed on me a few days ago . no one wants anyone to babysit / housesit . if it was that simple i wouldnt be in this dilemma no i dont have an income right now . contact your shelter they sometimes offer assistance cheaper or will help you pay for it . i live in cali was trying to relocate somewhere else in cali and 23 its a long story piont is i promised to leave already . so i was trying to move . got my stuff packed , gave away my pets and ready to go . i had a freind in another city said i could stay with them a few weeks and then i was going to go to the local shelter ... world war 2 was mainly germany trying to take over europe . if ill ever be able to have proper attachments with people . i have family in la . my current city you cant get work unless you have farming experience or a family owned business and i wasnt lucky enough to have either of those . everytime i sign up for a job ... intj are big picture too i noticed something very different about these two . they are good at reading people but moriarty works differently then sherlock . we get to see sherlocks perspective becuase he is the main character ... which basically means you are the one policing , taking care of , or leading the group . you are the one to save them from a disaster , and orginize everything , and stop all the drama . if you are not ... but they ask this in most interviews and you can't not answer . so what do you tell them ? apparently saying i'm a perfectionist or something like that is not the correct answer either . so is the ... you actually learn this in economics and in history class . they actually go over this issue a lot . in fact school never shuts up about world war 2 . ... wars are basically what america is built on and what germany used to bring up thier economy during world war two so you are simply wrong . you say it doesnt becuase you dont like war and honestly no ... economically we been having a job crises for awhile and we also had a bank scare , and a housing crash and several reports about the skillgap and business not being able to find skilled enough ... you must be a very calloused human being if you really think so . wars are just conflicts that could not be solved in a civil way . when two sides can not come to a compromise wars happen . on a small ... yeah ... i guess you agree with the premise then . since unemployment is the issue we are having now ! along with a giant skill gap and overeducated people who cant pay back thier loans to college ... i pretty sure enfp would do that regardless of sexuality . 637769 this picture is a nice visual representation of enfp well no i don't think i am ... i barely can force myself to have even an ... so what are some of the things i should say ? can you give examples ? why doe it matter ? 23 i dont know .. take a guess i meant that i could feel things again . no but i prefer a normal range of emotions as it makes me feel human and i didnt achieve that till my ex destroyed my ego . i auctually much happier now . it is about liking the job . the fact is the only thing which matters is the above three things i listed . it doesnt matter if the job is piontless as long as someone is getting paid , paying into the ... 1.even if either one of us agree this was good for the population that isnt considered ethical and you would get a lot of backlash for it . also why do you assume babies are the biggest problem to ... in such a time the best and the bravest will prosper . they will be the future and they will set the path for us all . the only thing keeping people in thier slot is the current economic structure and ... that's kind of the point . it would be a reset and we would have to start over and after all the zombies are dead we would rebuild society as a new people , with a new government that didn't just serve ... the germans went to war since thier economy was in the toilet after the previous wars . after that germany was in massive debt and trying to pay off all the other countries . hitler came in with we ... well i explained it in the top summary but since no one knows how to read anything aside from the title ... 1.population decline 2.less regulation 3.need for jobs 4.everyone forced to ... yoia is a term for guyxguy romance . this is mostly a term used among anime fans . however a large majority of yoia fangirls endorse pedophilea and ship couples that are stuff like 12-14 year old boy ... its very simple . dont comment ! you clearly did not read . there is a bigger picture . why dont you then ? i already tried no one wants him . we would be thrown into disaster and there would be millions of jobs doing things like gathering supply , killing zombies , training troops , rebuilding economy , cooking food for the camp , guards of ... i said this already , no one called . i already did all of that . none of that is possible . i already tried all that . no one can take him . im from california why ? what was the purpose of commenting ? i cant afford him anymore . you might not be bright enough to realize but sometimes things happen which are not expected . there are repercussions for everything we do . you can not just ignore social expectations . other people dictate your life and you kind of have to learn to live with it . even if it's annoying and ... jesus from the bible wednesday from adams family also no i am not kidding about the jesus one . someone did really compare me to a modern day , jesus . if there was anything close to jesus in ... this made me laugh thank i didnt say i dont love him . i said i cant care for him anymore . if you dont follow the norm you are seen as crazy and dangerous . so you have to exagerate to try to appear as normal . i tend to be extremely vain and sometimes this conflicts with my sense of logic and security . i know putting your face online is not the smartest thing to do and so i dont . i can manage to even ... '