' no , empathy and sympathy doesn't have to go together . you are empathetic because you feel their mood and it affects you and like you said , sympathy comes just for the people close to you . you can even ... probably you are e very empathetic person , this is a normal thing .. try to surround yourself with things that makes you feel better . before you make up your mind , open it ! no , unconditional love doesn't exist . everything is conditioned but that doesn't mean that love doesn't exist . maybe the question should be : is it worth loving ? i feel like love comes with a huge ... how do you know when you are stressed ? i just feel it in my body . i'm nervous and i can't be calm . how does your behaviour change when you are stressed ? i avoid doing what i have to do , i do ... this is like the song of the script-fall for anything :) you gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything it annoys me when i'm honest with someone and he / she doesn't believe me . i don't like that i'm not that good at multitasking .. i really need to do lots of things in the same time and after i do one thing i don't have enough energy for another thing i have to do ... you feel like you are bored because the things you should do are not fun and you don't like doing them , in reality i don't think you are bored , you are just avoiding the things you don't like to do and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ria37d9mInY funniest thing from seinfeld :) ) aha , so is just about being distracted .. i get it :) just a theory .. but you think maybe you are afraid to finish for some reason ? i heard another entp saying is afraid that won't have anything to do after has accomplished his / her goals , maybe is all ... i feel like home in your forum , better than in the intj forum .. i don't know why . johnny , i think is one thing to have the capacity to do something and other to actually do it .. he definitely has the capacity and i'm sure a lot of entps have it too , just that you loose interest ... hello ! aaaa .. , i'm not sure how off-topic i am but i need to identify an entp ( i think he's entp but i'm not sure ) so i need your help cuz you probably can spot someone like you more easily . so he has ... the test is not useless , it helps to understand what makes you recognize signs of affection in other people and the type of affection you like to give . the questions are made like this because is easy ... don't take the types literally , try to add instead the functions that are characteristic to you . if you want to differentiate between fi and fe ask yourself this : it is easy for you to express your ... i think you have an extrovert thinking , introvert feeling , extrovert sensing and i'm not sure about the intuition ... i don't know exactly to what type this characteristics belongs to .. aren't entps introvert thinkers ? why entps are considering themselves as extrovert thinkers ? on every website i searched it says that entps have an introvert way of thinking .. i'm confused : confused : i bond better with man . i had over the time very good female friends and very good male friends and the friendship with man were stronger . i don't think is something related to the gender , i just ... 1 . if a romantic relationship ends badly , would it be easy for you cut all ties and never talk to your ex again ? yes , i usually don't keep in touch after the breakup but it happen a few times to ... thanks for your input . so no one likes easy targets for a long road . let's say i really like someone and clearly i'm an easy target for him but i don't wanna show that .. what's the right attitude i ... so i've read somewhere ( a book of louis corman ) that man with introverted thinking fall in love with vulgar woman that are not at their cultural level . please tell me is not like that . i think is nice that man are trying to make an effort in understanding woman but i'm not sure if the tricks work for everyone since every woman has a different personality and a different set of ... you entp's are so funny and naive in the same time ... speaking as a woman , i don't think any man needs a manual to teach them the game . the most attractive thing woman find in a man is confidence ... maybe you just didn't find your type . is ok not to force a relationship with someone you don't find good enough for you . you deserve someone who gets you . maybe try to change the environment to ... 367130 i didn't took any pictures lately , these are from a few years ago ... i think i'm more of an intfj though :) ) i do like photography a lot and i used to draw buildings when i was a child but i'm not talented at drawing . i am very visual and i like things that stimulates my eyes . i like pictures with ... i usually like energetic songs that gets the craziness out of me . i like bands like one republic or the script but usually anything energic . i'm now listening songs from swedish house mafia even ... i think that if he tease you , likes to be around you and talk to you , smile at you and look at you he definitely likes you . i think he could open up more is you open up first and give him the ... yes i love my mother , she is awesome . i think i could have turned worse if i would have had a bad mother so i'm lucky she is my mother . she's a better mother than i could ever be . sometimes i wish i ... so i have a friend who is 2 years and a week older than me and a few months ago i asked him how old he is so i could remember how old i am :) ) i do loose track of time , most time i don't know what day ... i instant smile when i see animals playing or just being cute , babies laughing or genuine acts of kindness . i go through some phase when something is happening : i'm pessimistic at first then optimistic then realistic and then either sad or very enthusiastic . i really love quotes , i like to read them to motivate me when i need , so this are a few : everything you want is on the other side of fear . the privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly ... i do but i'm not admitting it to myself just yet . injustice , mean people , narrow-minded people , commercials , lies , pressure . i think intj woman definitely need and and extrovert man . i don't know why but i feel very attracted to both introverts and extroverts and i always do the wrong choice , maybe because extroverts are a ... i feel i can't bond with any member of my family , no one seems to understand my personality , at least my mother is trying or is accepting me but my father or my siblings don't seem to get me . i have a ... hi ! i guess this doubt your decisions that you just made could be an intj thing . i always have doubts about what i just did and said and i find later better ways i could have done this or that . maybe ... i find funny silly things , people that do mistakes , ridiculous things , stupid things and original jokes ... and i like to lough a lot but i have a picky sense of humor . hi ! i don't think we can fit everyone in the 16 types , we are more or less one type and the doubt about feeling / thinking dominant i think is because we may be emotional people with a need of being ... '