' hello my friends , i am back ! ! sorry for being awol for so long ... life got in the way ! ! i just thought i would let you guys know the good news , my istj and i got engaged ! we've been together coming ... i'm an enfp , my boyfriend is an istj . we've been together for 2-1 / 2 years ( living together for 8 months ) . be careful to not get into the idea that mbti is the end-all-be-all for relationships . relationships aren't just a predisposed system that you input coordinates in to ... you're such an intj : wink : ... my istj loves to cook , and he loves cooking for me . we both enjoy it , and our favorite thing is cooking together . we are foodies and creating something like an amazing meal , together , is a really ... esxxs and istps . esxjs - they tend to be very aggressive ( estjs in rules , esfjs in morals ) and refuse to see any other pov . fe-doms drive me nuts because i find it's like selling out and that ... gah . this is my life ... it's like , for the love of god , all i want to do is avoid confrontation ! ! ! i just want people to love me ! ! kaliflower - first off hugs ! ! ! it's gonna get better , i promise . second ... i'm also in nyc and i totally get where you're coming from . i guess the big difference between us is that i * chose * ... have any of you dated s-type personalities ? i've been with my istj boyfriend now for 2 years . before that i typically dated other intuitives ( i had a thing for inxjs ) . how did it go ? well , ... here's one i just read today : has teach for america reached its waterloo ? | al jazeera america - you just described the inner-workings of the enfp . for most of us ne-doms it's a constant struggle to follow through with our ideas , and it seems to me that you are somehow channeling ... i am a messy person by default . i am constantly moving from a point of order to a point of disorder ... entropy is my life . my so says i thrive in organized chaos . however , i find that i go down ... so this is how you keep your subforum so positive in relation to istj relationships ... hmmm : tongue : i meant that with all the love in my heart : kitteh : anyone else struggle with expressing their thoughts and feelings to others ? this has been an issue most of my life , but i don't know if it's because i grew up in an emotionally abusive home or if ... woohoo ! ! ! slow and steady wins the race ! these istjs really are like turtles , it makes those who care about them learn patience . my guess is the emotions he has are likely stronger than he is ... yikes , i can totally see how that's a problem for you ... but my guess is many / most of the class is frustrated and confused as well ( perhaps even intuitives ) . i think one thing that helps intutives ... forget the esfp women ... there's a lot of us enfp gals who love istjs ! ! ! : kitteh : you don't lack intuition ( everyone has it ) , it's just you either don't trust it or haven't developed it enough to really notice it . in terms of cognitive functions , every person has all 8 ... are you implying that the virgin mary and jesus were soulmates ? ? ? i'm confused ... also , not sure if that constitutes proof unless you're a creationist , and if that's the case then i ... enfpleasantly - i'm not a mom , but i totally know where you're coming from and i know when i have kids i will likely be the same as you . my friends who have kids and are a part of these mommy ... let him know you appreciate his concern , but don't get all gushy and whatever you do do not * squee * . istjs are duty-fulfillers , but unfortunately many people either take advantage of this , or they ... i really like this . shame has been something i've been thinking about a lot lately . i struggle a lot with self-shame as well as this idea of perfectionism . i spend a lot of time in therapy trying ... this is pretty much on par with my life as well . especially the idea that others have said about knowing immediately if you see a future with someone or not . i'm in my late 20s and i didn't really ... my istj and i spend out first valentine's day together driving to dc to spend the weekend with friends . we went on a double date for dinner that night and everyone in the restaurant was staring at ... smooth ? ? i doubt life is ever smooth for two anxiety-prone people : confused : but i totally get where you're coming from . we definitely go through periods where there's a lot of focus on the ... welcome back pinkrasputin ! i definitely agree that the enfp / istj differences can be / are what draw us to each other . my istj and i will celebrate 2 years in a few weeks and we've been living ... i think this is an issue for many people , not just istjs ( but i do know that it's something my istj struggles with greatly ) . but the truth is , she is with you because she chooses to be and if she ... this is exactly what i was saying . however , it's still not a collective culture , which virtually eliminates that idea of being free-thinking . we still value free-thinking ( it's just the ... interesting idea . the one thing i can thing of is why is the stj the predominant attitude in the western world is because it is the predominant personality type . westerners are focused very ... knowing how my istj is ( at 28 - well he was 26 when we started dating ) , i can only imagine him a decade ago what he would have been like ... and what i mean by this is that istjs are notorious for ... that's an interesting perspective . whereas i kind of enjoy those kinds of series because i am constantly on the lookout for instances where it either a ) answers a previously unknown problem , or b ) ... i never used it to gain affection , but rather to gain connection . for example , i learned early on that negative attention was better than no attention at all , so i learned to act out at home ... i learned the art of manipulation early growing up in an emotionally abusive home , that manipulation was my defense mechanism . and now as an adult i know when i am doing it and i feel horrible , but ... just wanted to clarify what i meant . there is a massive difference between knowing someone is marriage material and seeing a relationship as something that hopefully will progress towards marriage , ... idealizing any type is leading you to a recipe for disaster . your entire post to me is a massive red flag ( to me ! ! ! ) , and probably is to most istjs . its way too aggressive and not thought through . ... advice : don't set out to marry a certain type ( or just a person in general ) . find a man that makes you happy that you in turn want to marry . i know that istjs and enfjs tend to not see eye to eye ... - sounds totally normal to me . it's just how we enfps are . we're actually the most introverted of the extroverts , which is why we can go from being that hyper happy-go-lucky ... one thing i've noticed that is very hard for me is that being an enfp i'm almost a jack-of-all trades ( but master of none ? ) when it comes to friends . i have lots of friends , but very few close ... i don't think he's an istj ( but i can't be sure ) , but it could be possible that if he for example grew up in a household of stjs he might feel that that is the proper personality / behavior , and ... thanks so much , this makes a lot of sense . i still wish he could be more direct about this conversation , but i can see that he is trying to show me that things are moving . i am excited and i do ... i know istjs are known for their to-the-point and blunt way of communicating . but one thing i've noticed with my istj is that sometimes i feel like he is over-sharing , especially on a certain ... i don't know but i think my istj needs to read this thread ... aside from doing the dishes ( which ironically since we moved in together he has been the one less diligent about this , even thought ... well , just to be obvious , most people don't say / do those things when they are in the initial stages of a relationship . also , most istjs are much gentler in their criticisms . those kinds of comments ... i'm glad some other people pointed out that this is not typical istj behavior . either he's mistyped or he's a sociopath ... and those things are not mutually exclusive . you both sound immature . and now you have a baby on the way , always a good thing ... honestly , i think he needs to grow up and you need to decide if this is the life you want . because people ... perhaps words of affirmation is non-existent as a love language for him . he may be trying to show you love through other routes - maybe gift giving ? you spend a considerable amount of time ... and for the second time socionics is not mbti ... enfp = ne fi te si enfj = fe ni se ti socionics has different tertiary and inferior functions because its not the same thing . it's a ... onion - don't ever tell someone they can not be a certain type because of a single trait that you may not exhibit or don't believe a type should exhibit . also , it's even worse when you have obvious ... hearttwist - as an enfp in a relationship with an isxj i know where you are coming from . my ( istj ) boyfriend and i find one of our biggest differences that at times causes problems is that ... i used to think that i could only ever be happy with another intuitive , so i totally get that . i also think that most istjs i would not be happy in a relationship with , but that my istj doesn't ... '