what's the cost of a bow like that ? just kidding . you're obviously no istp . yes , i get this feeling quite often , it comes and goes . i think if i were to lose all my friends the feeling would be a lot more real . so my situation is this . i'm hopefully going to be starting school this january . problem is , i'm getting kicked out of my parents house in a week . i do have quite a bit of money saved up , but i don't ... i'm a blonde to . my hair has been getting darker though , so i guess it's a dark shade of blonde . intense people make others uncomfortable . you're probably just full of shit . : tongue : i can relate to your example , but i'd still say i have below average social skills , and probably below average emotional intelligence . then again , i ... i stopped caring when i wanted more bacon . just pretend that it's not there and it will go away . i would say i have characteristics of both , leaning slightly towards the cat . i go through phases where i think it would be great to live a ... occasionally i'll start reading novel , get really into it , and then halfway through get bored and stop for good . i have a better chance of actually finishing a non-fiction book that i find ... what i want to know is , how do you know if you love someone ? i would love to do that . my only problem would be not having the time to bust a nut . i've never had a wet dream and i would prefer not to . i think you are a fool ... : tongue : :d ry : break-ups . it's a joke among my friends that i disappear and re-appear . that said , i've definitely left friend groups for good . are some of those extended cuts ? i don't remember that from the big lebowski . i just love the increase in drunk driving . makes me feel warm and cozy on the inside . no , it just doesn't feel right . a couple of friends and i tried bombay for the first time last weekend , and it turned them into complete fools ( i didn't drink much that night ) . very embarrassing at a bowling alley . to answer the question . no . it could be they just were not attracted to you . the one girl i had a relationship with was pretty direct with me . now i have had a couple other girls be direct with me also , unfortunately i ... i'm very competitive in the willpower arena . if you challenge me to see who can stand in one spot the longest , expect to be standing there all night . i doubt it will work . not because he's an istj , but because you already sound quite doubtful . well thanks , you guys are alright . i used to just do bench press , deadlift , and squats , is that good enough heheh ? also , i like my push-ups . would it be to much to bench 3 / week and do push ups between days ? i couldn't choose any of those options . i did it because i wanted to . while on the subject of working out , does anyone run and lift ? i run and do body weight exercises about 5 times per week , but i don't know if i could fit lifting into that without overdoing it . i ... i don't believe conspiracy theories . but then again i don't believe what the media or government tells me either . i also know that if i were to make my own conclusion , that it would almost certainly ... probably not . i wouldn't mind a relationship , but i realize the only thing i truly miss is cuddling and sex . all that other shit just doesn't appeal to me at this time in my life . if i could find a girl that is ... give him a break , he's just now peaking out of the closet . nice stash braaah . change still happens at a crawl . unless it's just because you may need to contact each other for work or something , i'd say that's quite the achievement . boyfriend not satisfying her in bed + alcohol + her being attracted to you + you listening = that didn't say i would , just that i would want to . if what the op says is true , then yeah i understand the guy high-tailing it out of there if the fuckers are trying to drag you out of your car with your family inside . now if what you say about ... i've never done such a thing . i do have a bad habit of spitting , unfortunately . apparently i should have chosen a . i went with c , then b , and then a . care to explain what you're talking about ? same with my music players ... such fools . taking away things never worked on me . i could never bring myself to give a shit about school , and my parents would withhold things from me as punishment . i always felt the need to prove to them that ... why do us atheists need a symbol to represent non-belief ? atheism is not an organized religion / group , it's just non-belief in a deity . i would never adopt a symbol to recognize that . why is a thread about fashion stickied in the istp sub-forum ? ? my intp friend is not quite the intellectual type , watches tons of porn , and is not afraid to be vulgar to women , including his own girlfriend . also , i've never seen anything of pornographic ... you make it sound like you're in different schools or grades . are you and your brother in the same school , with the same classmates ? anyway , i was called a serial killer by a few kids in high ... in that case , me too . oh , so now we're animals ? ? ? if you got something to say , then say it . enough with this passive-aggression . i'm curious , how would you prefer a relationship to play out , being aromantic . that's a question for any aromantic's . amen . fuck that fe .