' i am < level 18 human student > my favorite types are entj and intjs - very bold , and respectable , and if you stand up to them they will respect you back . i am able to have intellectual conversations with them , aslong as it has a ... instant love i just get annoyed because when i read something contradictory , i start second guessing myself even more .. which leads me to do more reading ... as if i don't already have enough reasons to read ... he's not questioning your methods because he doesn't think it will get you your desired result , rather he thinks your desired result is incorrect . i think what you are truly looking for is how to ... damn .. i think im gonna have to switch to nf for a bit then .. i hate being mainstream :P i find myself holding mutual respect with other intps that i know , however we never speak often because we are both really quiet around each other . i initally typed myself as a 5 . then as i was reading more , i started leaning towards 4 , almost convincing myself i was a 4 ... but now i've settled with 5w4 , largely thanks to this thread ... i notice that in an argument , if i realize i am wrong , but am not satisfied with my opponent's answer , i will continue arguing as if i am right , in hopes of uncovering some missing truth . i relate to this thread quite a bit . i won't usually try to explain myself to someone who does not know me very well , it might be a little bit of shyness that has to do with that though . lately ... i am in love with electronic music :D i'll listen to anything related to it for hours ( other than hardstyle , which gets a little bit repetitive ) i love the beats , and variations in it and i get ... 56 - i dunno , i just love 8 x 7 , such a cool number to me and i like 25 , because its the day of my birthday the trick is to never look at it in the normal way in the first place :P one of my best friends from childhood is an intj . we used to play all the time , but there would be very little deep connection . we would always just play video games and talk strictly about the ... you type 379 characters per minute you have 66 correct words and you have 3 wrong words my problem with these tests is that i can only type as fast as i can read the words . and it doesnt help ... yess haha , sometimes i forget that conversations even took place , sometimes i will tell my roommate things more than once , and even twice . he's learn to become patient with that ... a little bit . i ... dad - isfj mom - entj me - intp little brother - intj grandma - enfj grandpa - istj uncle - estj cousin 1 - istj cousin 2 - infp i like entps , they fun and entertaining . one of my good friends is an entp , when he is around , i never don't have anything to do . he's always finding something interesting , whether he's telling a ... my mom is always getting on me about cutting her off when i walk , we'll be walking and i decide its time to turn if we are going to reach our destination . so i just turn and assume she is going to ... im gonna go with sign language on this one .. ;) in my dorm , i never use plates , always napkins . and i always use the same cup over and over again , which i rinse out from time to time or if i just drank milk or something . my roommate always gets ... i would so want an extreme cognitive ability , if anyone has seen the episode in fringe where the guy is super intelligent and calculates highly improbable situations and sets them into motion by ... i've had similar thoughts , but its never really affected the way i act , other than motivating me to try my best . i dont think its really an intp thing though , it could just be random . i was having a discussion similar to this with my friend the other day , i read really slowly , i like to absorb the atmosphere , i often find myself blanking out staring at the page thinking about ... i definitely enjoy the music more . however , if there is an especially profound or striking line in the lyrics , as was mentioned before , i will appreciate that too :) exactly . and i hate it when i ask questions trying to help the person and they get mad at me for not being on their side . wtf , my bad . sorry for allowing you to thinking about a contending side ... this . haha however , i am not afraid to give alternate views of a situation if i feel it would be helpful for the person . usually my advice is , as i'm told , more thought provoking than directive ... i have 3 close friends , all of them seemingly clicked and i trust them deeply and consider all of them best friends , in their own respect . i have a lot of other friends who are close to , but its not ... i think mostly in words , but the words most of the time dont really make sense if i would just try to say it out . i'd compare it to a computer language , im running in binary , then i have to convert ... god .. so true .. everyonce and awhile i force myself to break out of my shell .. but usually she reaches her stop gets off the metaphorical bus : i dont hate my recessive functions at all .. i actually like expressing them in safe environments ( music is a great example ) . i dont ever jump into a situation with si-fe though , i will only express ... now , i may not be an intj , but i share the int so perhaps i can give some insight on the matter as i've had a similar experience from the side of the intj you are describing . it was my first ever ... my advice would be to continue initiating the interaction if he hasn't already . in the past , i've received 2 notes in the past about someone proclaiming how much they like me , both times i was a bit ... my interest in java is intensely building , just got my book for my class .. looks like someone isnt sleeping tonight n_n or you can use the line you can drag me to hell before you drag me into this situation :P yeah , people do open up to me , usually with deep secrets that they say i haven't every told anyone this ... i'm not so much a grammar-nazi but , i find that i hate it when i feel that someone isnt properly expressing their idea . although i would never point it out to someone , its their choice to ... perhaps , i've been having trouble deciding whether or not i am an intp or infp . however , i think that im more of an intp because when people bug me it doesnt really get to me . its just what im ... i'm curious about something that i've found to be happening in my life quite often . i seem to hold very strong opinions about people , but these opinions are very easy to change based on my mood or ... i feel hesistant , eager to start up my second semester in college , and disappointed http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLKPQQMSC7s i like electronic music :p roud : and metal / rock .. and a lot different types of music .. i too am normally quiet unless i am in class with a close friend . coming into a new class , i usually place myself middle-frontish with atleast a seat open on either side of me , but i wouldn't really ... i was frustrated last night because i couldn't reach a tissue box from my bed . my dorm room has bunk beds except the bottom bunk is a desk . to remedy my situation , i taped a tissue box sideways to ... frustrating and a relief indeed . although , i find that i respect someone more if they call me out on a mistake , rather than either not seeing it or ignoring it ( in hopes of not hurting my ... did you mirror their energy level also , or just opinions ? as far as mirroring opinions go , i find it interesting that i genuinely will share the person's opinion aslong as i am interacting with ... ahh , same for me , except i believe my mother is an extj . i finally got my mom to stop yelling at me for not saying please by just rejecting my request . for example : hey mom , can you turn off the ... an overwhelmingly consuming idea , or confirmation of someone else's overwhelmingly consuming idea also , for the possibility of being thanked :P all the time .. infact i almost did it here too :P could this have to do with our need to be the observer ? i find myself saying its ( being my post ) not that important or somebody else will say ... i do like reading , a lot . am i the only intp that is doesn't read fast ? i always find myself taking my merry time as i go through a book , trying to picture scenes in my head , asking questions ... yeah i agree haha . usually i notice myself taking the dominant person's mannerisms in a group , or the person i am closest to . either that or i just put myself in the background i don't usually notice that i have chameleoned until after the fact . it's very unconscious and its just as if i am just acting in the moment . whenever i notice that i have been a chameleon , its ... '