' if we really understood brain chemistry of sex and how it is designed to chemically bond one person to another we would be very leary of meaningless sex . meanlingless sex changes the brain , and in ... my hero is an intj ... i not only believe in god . i believe god ! but he is bigger than i can explain . when i don't understand , i stand on this . i know my god . he is good . he is love . he is almigty , the great i am . ... be honest , be honest , be honest ... you can never know what you are doing for your brother . use your voice . he may be difficult but that does not give anyone the right to use him as a punching bag ... it seems to me that projection has more to do with emotional health ( or psychological health , whatever you want to call it ) more than type ... a mature , healthy infp will project less than an ... seems like being a burden is a major theme for us infps . one thing you may also want to consider is how we feel misunderstood , like we don't fit in , like we are just different and no one can ... actually it's more like saying i don't do drugs but drinking alcohol and / or caffeine . i love intps i like schizophrenics . they are honest and straightforward . if they need meds to keep them from harming society or themselves then i believe meds are the right course of action . however , i think ... that's a really good explaination . many people confuse introversion with shyness and that is wrong . shyness is a social anxiety , an extreme self-consciousness when one is around people ( the ... nothing and nobody ... only peace ... i read a lot about these cognitive functions ( in this forum ) . where can i get more information on these ? i find it intriguing and i'm curious . thx i can lean a bit to the j side too but i've come up with two questions that may help with the j / p dilemma .. how do you feel about doing nothing ? ( p's enjoy doing nothing , j's tend to like to ... maybe you should just be happy with yourself and not try to define it so much ... you are a unique combination , a creative masterpiece , a mysterious symphony ... i celebrate you hugs thanks , you made my day . hugs : blushed : good question . i call myself vegetarian because that is my general way of being . i probably eat fish or chicken once or twice a year ... if you prefer me to be more precise i would have to say at ... i agree with scruffy here ... what's wrong with being an e and also enjoying i activities .. but i have to put my two cents in ... extroverts are energized by people introverts are energized by ... i've been a vegetarian since i was 7 years old or so ( i'm 42 now ) . although i sometimes eat fish ( but they have to have fins and scales ) and more rarely chicken or turkey , i cook vegetarian at home ... well said peter ... i'm not an intj but i'm married to one and i adore him . i love that he is serious and intense . that he thinks deep that he's determined and focussed . i know he's serious about ... we are thrilled that another infp joins us ... welcome , glad to have you along for the ride . this is fun ... i'm sure that is also a t trait ... : crazy : i know the intp profile very well . my daughter is an intp and i've read it thoroughly and continue to read other intps on forum in an ... the only thing i will dispute is that you assume i believe in a soul separate from the body . i believe no such thing ... the bible teaches that dust + the breath ( or life force ) of god = a living ... a hearty welcome to you . glad to have another infp guy to help the other infp guys like themselves better ( my son is an infp and struggles to embrace his infp strengths ) i'm sure well meet ... i've not had any friendships that have lasted a long time .. perhaps though , that is because i've not really had a deep , genuine friendship .. most of my friendshps have been more superficial , where ... i tend to type people intuitively . if i relate to them in some way they are n's . s's & i don't relate well .. my gut tells me what a person's type is more than anything else . unless of course the ... at 42 myself-worth is pretty healthy , bt it wasn't always . until i was 35 i was perfect and it was killing my . i entered grad school and came to the place that i needed to be authentic not ... welcome aboard ... glad to have another infp we are taking over the world . i'm not really the jealous type . saw it in my mother , it's a hugely destructive emotion . however , i realize it for what it is , insecurity in me . i don't ever talk myself out of what i feel , i ... glad to hear it . did i mention that i also trust their opinions ... they really are a smart , insightful bunch .. i adore intps .. they are fabulous and hugely misunderstood . they are clever , hilarious and absolutely delightful ( except i think they would hate that i describe them that way . ) i usually only hug ... my precious friend . what a terrible experience you went though . the entp was correct when s / he stated that anger is appropriate ... don't dismiss your anger but don't hold on to bitterness either . ... you know you are an infp when .. you are with a group of people and you are sure you must have a purple face with five horns coming out of your head but / and you're sure everybody is just ... welcome , glad to have you . i just asked my intp daugther the thread question . her answer , not really . that about sums up what you said . love that title ... mine would be from perfection to authenticity : the heroic journey i used to test out as a j as well but i definately feel like and identify more with infp than infj . when i want to figure out the j / p function i ask two questions ... 1 . leaving guilt out of ... thanks for the warm words .. sometimes i feel like the men in our lives don't realize how much we take and forgive and let go ... even when we have a good man . i'm thinking about what to make for supper and thrilled i found a great recipe ... i'm thinking i've got so much to do but want to do nothing i'm feeling full of love , affection , gratitude , and ... finally , someone says we have to love ourselves first . but , honestly that is hard to figure out how to do . but it can be done , and it's a continuous process ... cake , you have expressed ... try these websites .. www.amenclinics.com/brain.../images-of-alcohol-and-drug-abuse/ www.reuters.com/article/idusl3026841220070430 www.livescience.com/health/090203-marijuana-brain.html they ... yes , and the arguements are not false . as a teen i was better than good . i was perfect . never gave my parents any trouble . not one moment of rebellion . which , by the way , is very , very , very sick and dyfunctional . as far as the ... well actually it does . it can't not . calming the turbulence is exactly what i mean . i don't wish to be intrusive but for some reason i feel drawn to you and compelled to ' warn ' you of the damage ... never thought of the boost ratings thing . that is sick ! it's horrifying ... we see so much of that on tv that we are callous to it ... it's not even real anymore . i agree , miley cyrus doesn't seem like an n at all . my dear boy , quit smoking weed ... it literally pokes holes in your brain , and is one of the worst drugs for your brain ... you'll also get more of the understandiing you are wanting without it ... well i adore everything about you ! about myself , i like : that i'm an infp my nose my feet my stretch marks what i don't like : well , i wish i was more comfortable around people and ... i'm happy and there is room for improvement . there is always room for improvement with an infp , but we can be happy too beautiful ! wow to know and be known , fully , with acceptance , openness ; and hearts that are safe . '