' charlie sheen came to mind . :-) interesting topic i must say . i can completely relate to random flock of birds takes the role of adding a touch of nature's chaos in visual art . i have done it myself . i do abstract art every now and ... inspired by a scene in the last episode of through the wormhole ; you know , the one in which a man by , running many iterations of a short program string of mathematical code , generate a picture ... shout outs from scandinavia . i've settled in oslo , norway after 23 years in sweden and 1 in the uk . and speaking about the weather , a late spring has come to an end , and now the intp can come out of ... thanks for the comment on peach tree ! appreciate it the sounds didn't inspire me to continue working on it . but , it is still a seed on my disk and , it might spring to life someday . as for ... yup :) and your avatar was perpetuated too test to see if upload works edit : it works ! i took these snapshots to enlighten users of the world wide web , future bachelors in art history and to leave my legacy as a jpeg on the interwebz . interesting . i can't really put my finger on which mood it is giving me yet .. the high pitched buzz is perhaps a little too loud for my taste . penetrating sound . worth working more on i think ... agreed ! you said what i used to have bad conscience for thinking / saying . overviewing chaos without effort is a awesome ! :) my openness and my limited interest the conversation topic of self-assertion , makes me a good listener . i don't judge people from societal norms and try to understand the speaker . hopefully this ... spare time . an important subject , if not the most important . i am fortunate to have a job which allows 9-3 days so i would like to think i have a good share of time for me to spend as i please . ... my first language is swedish . not much more to say about it except for it allows me to communicate with norwegians and danes . spoken danish is a bit tricky but if you kindly ask the speaker to slow ... i like your thoughts on mixing and mastering music and i agree on everything =) i almost thought i was alone of my discoveries haha also , another tip on multidimensional sound would be on ... a good way of changing sound profiles on smartphones in vibration mode ( or an incoming call-tone volyme of zero ) . face up on a table ( g-sensor not very active ) it vibrates as expected . face down ... oh ... all the unfinished songs .. i know what you mean :) and inspiration comes pretty random and / or too much at a time leading to too messy unstructured songs .. i have some tunes up at ... hey doodle ! can i listen to your musical creations online somewhere ? which version of reason do you use ? i went the other way - from reason 3.0 to fl terminator 2 ' s ending . i was younger then but still a sad scene . there's one more chip ... and it must be destroyed also =) ... stone floor . shower and a wardrobe .. 7.23 am .. ? and.uhm lost my worrds . 2012 ( stupid post ) yo , i also make electronic beats . a bit more commercial sound maybe but i try to make more progressive trance .. writing from my tablket so no long reply right now but add on soundcloudif u want to ... am wondering if i am an isfj when i'm being artistic .  .. polishing auditory input and ' feeling ' the mood rather than thinking .  ... and other days are spent perfecting graphs . oh wait . i just ... guys ! what do i look like ? anyone wanna chat ? i'm kinda bored and will be for a few hours before going to work so pm me . i wont bite never . because i haven't been in a physical fight . counting from age 14 and up . nah .. depends on who you compare to . but i guess i'm not stupid after all . scored in the top 5 % of the verbal / reading comprehension / english part of our sat-counterpart . i was a bit surprised since i ... yep . electronic music ftw mostly trance armin van buuren , markus schulz , vibrasphere , roger shah , simon patterson , blue tente etc ... some electro / synth rex the dog , felix cartal , crystal ... yeah , i observed this a few weeks ago . nf and nt participates in most discussions ... hardly any estjs and the such spend time here . in the nt forums entjs have the least posts ... perhaps they're busy ... yeah , back in the days of final fantasy 3 ( 6 ) i always set terra or celes as the front - and therefore shown character on the map . haven't played much rpgs since then though i'm close to 30 and have only been in love twice . of course i've met and cared about others but deep down i've felt that we didnt have a friendship and necessary values in common for love to grow out ... oh yes ... it is 1:30 am and i watchings videos on physics , and math ... brightstorm 2 ' s channel - youtube this is my fav right now - the physics teacher is awesome i mostly don't watch or enjoy participating in sports . golf or some slow paced sport like bowling can be fun once in while though , if played with with friends . world cup soccer ( euro football ) or ... people who neatly folds their receipt and place in his / her wallet must be j . ok i admit to save receipts from computers , cell phones and such but not when buying groceries .. :-) i collect mp3s ... ixfp - tha latvians i've met were a bit quiet and shy but friendy and not as rough and loud as the russian part of the population , except for a very talkative taxi driver who took me to the airport ... inside a well known bay a link to a 29 gb audio-lecture collection on various topics can be found . well worth the dl :) ( no specifics as i suppose such links aren't allowed ) charlie brooker hilarious =) .. only in the intp-forum .. :) you know you're an estj when you are preoccupied with more important things to do than noticing that the estj-forum thread count is very low :) absolutely not . creativity is very important for me . it's a way to materialize my abstract ideas . i enjoy creating 3d environments , fictional cities , drawing , photoshop and the like . technical ... as an introvert i usually do things on my own . making music , reading about subjects , researching different sources and carrying out practical tasks . last week i tried another approach when i was ... very interesting . bookmarked thread so i can share a longer reply later . but to summarize , i understand what you mean and identify with lots of it . i postponed the introspection and coming-to-peace ... an intp will speak for a while and then listen , or the other way around . the entp speaks forever and u will have to interrupt them to give your opinion on topic a . by this time the entp is talking ... me ( 29 ) and my gf ( 28 ) have no children . and no from previous relationships either . we're quite happy to travel the world , live in different countries , learning new languages and observing new ... this came recently to my mind : applicable if you're in a relationship with someone on facebook user john doe has a girlfriend named jane doe . john searches for jane in the search field . finds ... according to this i must be extremely slow at tasks and never gets anything done . i'm colder than cold-hearted and very impersonal . i'm open to alternatives and imaginative . well thats a start :) ... welcome . the nt and intp forums are among the most active . feel free to join in :-) i am listening to an audio book : the brain that changes itself by norman doidge . interesting stories and examples on the brain's plasticity . highly recommended ! i dont mind smaller parties and or having conversations with strangers . i think it is wise to sometimes reach out and probe the surroundings for wise people who every now and then could have some ... i identify the most my fbf and sap . philosoraptor also ponders interesting ideas . being a good lover you need know your partner . i cant stress this enough . understand her thoughts and physical expressions . then being able to put your self in , in my case , her shoes and try to ... agree on that one . i guess this is why the intps and nts in general are overrepresented here at pc . ne provide a stream om ideas for ti to analyze and make sense of . psychology school demands top ... i came up with an idea yesterday . i will collect a number of avatars from users on the forum from all different types and see if there is any pattern between type and choice of avatar . perhaps xnfx ... mary had a little lamb '