' heh , i shouldn't be surprised so many infps are bi ( including me ) . i'm a shy submissive dude dating a shy submissive girl . i guess anything works . i really wish the state would cease existing , and humans could peacefully live without intervening in other people's lives and act like grown , mature men . unfortunately the human race isn't ... http://i.imgur.com/DSpKr9R.jpg http://i.imgur.com/GERj24a.jpg it seems like i still can't smile in pictures , or take any good ones to begin with . i don't give much of a shit about what i wear . usually it just jeans ( either pants and shoes ( and the shoes being the same pair almost every single time ) or shorts and flip-flops ) and a generic ... got infj , actual girlfriend is infp ( just like me ) . close enough u . u mom's surely esfj . as for my dad i'm almost certain he's an intp . what a match . honestly i'm also really fed up with school but next year will be the last one so i'm stopping to worry about it , especially because this year our school system / method changed a bit so basically i ... death note . oh god why . never :) always c : http://i.imgur.com/HJovUTc.jpg remembered about this pic of me and my cousin to the left in 2010 . at least that world cup didn't have a 7x1 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drIWW4hXV34 what a game . ( besides the awkward facial animations ) um , this will be of no use to anyone who doesn't speak portuguese x_x but here's this short documentary about the conditions of industrial revolution workers me and i my friends made for history ... bokeh had a good premise but after seeing a character show up and then go away with no actual relevance to the plot at all and not seeing any conclusion or meaning behind all people disappearing ... plus , i started being interested in politics thanks to mrs . rand . even more special ! i agree with a lot of communist values , but when it comes to using something that can actually be efficient ( aka work ) in the real world , i go with capitalism ( and with free market , please ) . right ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_xGeZDk3Sw i'm starting to like rap for some reason . metropolis ( 1927 ) , full version . my main problem with that movie is just what you would expect from something so old . the characters don't feel morally gray enough imo , instead there seems to be a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dONxX9rifs recently i've became very interested in filmmaking , and i'm seriously considering to have it as my career . but there are some problems . first of all most people would think i'm crazy if i don't ... gorillaz - clint eastwood listening to it on spotify so i'm not bringing up a yt link as usual . i - very n - very f - balanced ( i feel like both my feeling and thinking are very strong , to a point where they both become balanced ) p - between moderate and very my family knows about her . but they think she's a friend , not that we're dating . i'll just tell them when i feel it's he right time . i met my girlfriend on a clash of clans ( this mobile game which everyone irk seems to have stopped playing by now ) forum by the start of 2015 . we started officially dating by the middle of last year , ... i like watching movies , and prefer watching them alone , unless it's at the theater . it's easier to focus on the movie itself , and i don't have to necessarily pick movies that have some mainstream ... i don't really like cars , i don't really like buying this for status only , so therefore i don't like like luxury cars at all . i mean , they can look nice , but unless i'm millionaire buying one after ... i have kind of an obsession with death , and i actually am afraid of it ( this includes not only me but people who are close to me ) . i just try to ignore it and think of other things . that's pretty ... i'm pretty much dead on this forum but answering questions is always fun ( and i suppose i'll keep using this teal color for my posts as before ) . 1 - my nostalgia ( when i have it ) is usually very , ... top 3 : 1 . rammstein 2 . david bowie 3 . muse ( but unsure about that one ) in no particular order : radiohead pink floyd genesis ( before peter gabriel left ) oomph ! unique ( at least i try to be ) empathetic intelligent shy anxious der außerirdische u200brests https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ2u3pRpCjc my favourite band is rammstein , but that isn't very stereotypically infp . but what i like listening to the most after it is david bowie , which is more infp-like music . cry cry cry again http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/3748198/randy-marsh-shit-o.gif i win . the character he plays on his videos is completely entp , but his actual self behaves very differently . look up for the video where he behaves normally . i forget its name , but some channel reuploaded ... u200bxnfp ( mainly infp ) i dunno , but i approve of your username . http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qUH2sD4GWB0/UUn5xBphLjI/AAA2o/MMYWv7n8sNw/s1600/thumb-up-terminator+pablo+M+R.jpg - learn german - learn the ( electric ) guitar - learn the drums - learn how to use unity and other game engines ( future planned career related ) - actually make a game with unity or another game ... ambition you have a strong sense of potential and an intense drive to accomplish difficult things . the core of this is your ability to hold together the big goals and the daily efforts . where ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGgMZpGYiy8 find an infp female . i hope i don't get called that when i manage to pull of a longish hair with beard . i better just stick with keeping my face shaved and being confused with a girl . let me guess , long hair ? u200blaziness the martian . would give it a 7 out of 10 . 7.5 / 10 solely for the starman scene . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSyB3Tew87s irl i hang out more with xxtps , i don't think i know any actual infp . ; _ ; change mine to außerirdische . if the ß isn't available , it can be spelled as ausserirdische . '