' not even an entp , but you're god damn right . there isn't much better than inducing an orgasm for the brain . though i never could get into paper crinkling as a trigger , personally . tapping and the ... from time to time , i have to tell people something along the lines of this is just my face . so just let the muscles in your face relax , look in a mirror , and you'll have the stare of doom , ... there is a dead pigeon on my fire escape . i feel more inconvenienced than anything . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e1/e9/76/e1e976e121e7ca6713e3b523fdf78bb1.jpg we know . just typed a friend . time to take them apart and see how they work . not having a cleaver on hand , i suppose i'll just have to settle for the internet . istp : unwarranted grouchiness . istps need a lot of time to process things internally . and if that time gets interrupted , unhealthy istps have the tendency to respond grouchily towards whoever ... i have excellent procedural and semantic memory , but poor episodic memory . of course , i am not an intp , so my input here is irrelevant . time to find and post a song to which i was not previously listening , of which many here are guilty , i am sure . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCXg8xo31h0 we can rebuild him . we have the technology . * insertrandomtypeherebecausethreadisn'tevenfollowingop'srulesanymoreunlesssheactuallyintendedforthistobecomeanothertypetheabovepersonbasedontheiravatarthread * my environments tend to be absolute messes , but when it comes to work , programming , crafting , etc ... nothing less than perfection is required . dunno . i sometimes find the subreddit more enlightening . my most thanked post so far is about challenging someone to post dick-pics . seems legit . istps would wield the lightsaber well . dunno what side for which they would fight , other than the side that promotes their own ideas . i'd argue they could have an equal chance of turning to the light ... i heard that istps were considered badasses . and then i knew ... / signed / thread congratulations , and welcome ! how long until you find out that you are a different type again ? came in here because i was curious to see how quickly haddaway had been mentioned ; first sentence . i was not disappointed . that remark about her dead dog would've scored points with an istp . i mean , i chuckled . 1 . lol helmets ... that was a good joke . 2 . no , we've never been that excited . ah , oh well . usually i'm the first to notice time stamps . not today , i guess . be happy , never satisfied . apologies , op , but your calculations are incorrect . the glass is actually completely full ; the water is merely in different states . had a brief torrent of rain today ; itwas information overload . just walked outside in shorts and a t-shirt ; it was exhilarating . it is often the loudest that are noticed most , not the just . what you did there ... i see it . from the site : the question you answered earlier about bill the fireman checked your cognitive awareness , for instance . it tested your ability to override the natural human tendency to focus on a ... best part of the post right here . i jest , i jest . welcome to the forums . don't hesitate to jump right in to any discussions of interest . for some , the best way to learn is by doing . hope to see ... good ones . / thread damn . the fact that you had managed to make plans that far ahead of time really feels like the nail in the coffin out of those three statements . edible alcohol ? that's ... actually quite brilliant . party hard ? i thought they hardly partied . : rolldeyes : i jest , i jest . i can picture them attempting to research such things as how to party , though , in preparation . sooo much this ^ it's like some weird secret cleaning compulsion . or perhaps it is to prove that we are quite capable of the task when we wish , and letting someone discover a clean house without ... derp . and to think i just saw an image of him earlier today that was titled istp that i already forgot about ... :/ cheers . no istps , eh ? i cry every time . http://mediacdn.snorgcontent.com/media/catalog/product/w/h/wheniwas_fullpic_artwork.jpg i would argue that those wielding firearms would be less likely to survive unless you had 1 ) a silencer , or 2 ) a very large cache of ammunition . if one is under the assumption that zombies retain ... depends on my mood , i suppose . the tests i have taken in different states of mind suggest that i can be anywhere from 69 % to 97 % introverted . not that i cannot co-exist with others , it just so ... the pinnacle of masculinity : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwGat4i8pJI 9/10 ah i love those . execution could have been a bit better , but hey , i still laughed . well , i suppose answering a question from 5 1/2 years ago couldn't hurt . it can definitely be a job if the person / people with which you are speaking have difficulty understanding your logic , or enjoy ... as i see it , some emotions are a response which , if one is good at determining their state of being at a given time , can be indicative of a situation . perhaps one may sense an emotion that indicates ... perhaps a bit of specificity is needed : what do you mean by going out . some of us introverts enjoy going out immensely ; i for one enjoy any moment spent doing some physical , potentially risky , ... so , i took apart an old watch for some reason ; it wasn't necessarily broken , it just needed a replacement battery that i didn't feel like replacing at the moment . really just a drive of curiosity . i ... someone managed to find the thread four years later , eh ? i suppose it is still relevant to others seeking such information , although i imagine the op already received her desired answer . : rolldeyes : so you're like most introverted thinkers ? well then , you should fit right in ! i didn't mean that to sound cheery . or not as cheery . it's not that i loath welcoming you , i just didn't want to ... heh , i don't enjoy any of the movies listed for istps ; i rather found intjs and intps to have the best listed so far . istp : ravenclaw . i feel my sorting has more to do with my 5w6 and sli results , though . peter has the right of it . whenever i've felt my best ( read : at peace , not necessarily brimming with happiness ) , it has been while i was taking something apart , studying it , and reassembling ... i imagine it is easier for people to adhere to their mbti stereotypes when they are posting anonymously on the internet , both incidentally and purposefully . '