' [ quote = wondern 2wonder ; 2453236 ] jazz 0101 > i have a kitteh that reminds me of mr . naughty - contess de la kinkitail . you look adorable , btw . :) aww , do you ? ! mr . naughty is about 9 years old so ... http://i222.photobucket.com/albums/dd228/franzx7/mrnaughty.gif i have a magical cat ... mr . naughty would an infp really want to rule anything ? i've had enough of your flappin ' jaws ... now get in that kitchen and fry me some hog ! - unknown hinson http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7p3xcdcC8k i'm pretty sure unknown is not really a ... facebook is pretty interesting . i use it . daily . i like playing words with friends . and i chat with a couple people on there and occasionally post something . but ... i find peoples posts funny ... http://i222.photobucket.com/albums/dd228/franzx7/cry2.gif taxing doesn't begin to cover it in a romantic relationship . i don't see how infp and enfj are suppose to be good together . esfj , yes . 1 : how much of said time would you say you need per day and how do you spend it ? as much as i can get ! ! .. i'd like to say i spend it doing highly important introspective things but i don't . i goof ... i get along exceptionally well with istj's ... as friends ... and actually , the two people that i consider to be the most reliable and who i get advice from are istj's .. i think that i admire them ... i don't believe a intj would really post this .. whats going on ? ? ! uhhh .. i guess you could be an infp.though i don't see anything about your description that says infp to me .. can't see myself ever imagining taking part in any cruel crimes though . i think at some ... my son is three .. i'm a stay at home mom . its great , i read somewhere that infps are natural parents and i have to agree . the only thing that is hard for me maybe that wouldn't be hard for other ... well , what is that person doing with their life thats so goddamn great ? i have found for myself that i'm a bit of a late bloomer but if someone that claims they love me doesn't have any more faith in ... amelie-main character willow-buffy the vampire slayer deanna troy-star trek tng holly-breakfast at tiffanys-except the extroversion ruth / rose-she devil-i love this movie . julianne moores ... i agree this sounds like a respect issue and not related to type . my intj husband and i have major communication issues but its mostly getting him to communicate and not clam up . he generally doesn't ... this is true of me as well .. i spent a lot of time alone as a child . my mother was in school / working and my dad was the stay at home parent but he definitely did not have any type of schedule of ... i was half expecting something about handcuffs . i can't stand people like that and generally try to steer clear of them .. if i feel like someone is trying to play that type of game on me i try to go nt on them .. nothing erks those type of people ... this is really good advice ! but ... how do you practice it .. just not say anything ? lol i did not see a sticky thread for personal videos so feel free to link it if it already exists http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0XgvdEIYho i'd love to add to the conversation my spice on jehovahs witnesses ... i was raised a jehovahs witness .. i left several years ago . the ' elder ' took the opportunity at my grandmothers funeral to ... well , this use to be more the case until i had my own child .. then you have to grow up ... but , while i was pregnant i use to really enjoy coloring books and my husband got me a great big box with ... horrible horrible .. i still use my fingers subtracting . there's a physical world ? yes .. some people are more draining than others but i'd have to say just being an introvert makes it more likely to happen . even people you get along with well , and family that you love , i always need ... no shit , estjs get stuff done ! ;) eh ... i think it has to do with how you were raised . you said you were raised to have good manners so this is something that's important to you . thats like saying i have some of the traits of ' j ' ... drill sergeant ? how do you deal with other peoples emotional stress and problems ? i find that when i am around someone i tend to absorb their feelings and i will continuously give advice and try to be supportive to ... i was married to an esfj a few years ago and i have nooo idea how it ever happened .. but it was a disaster.for all the reasons people have mentioned . i do , however , have an esfj female friend ... would you say this is just the case with infp males , not females ? i find the inter-type relations to be pretty accurate in my experience .. the thing i don't get is ... i'm an infp mbti and when i took the socionics test i was still infp .. so not sure what people mean ... welcome ! .. i'm not too good with eye contact either . some of it may be a self conscious thing . i can't stand any type of clutter .. i went thru a ' minimalist ' phase a while ago and while i don't systematically get rid of stuff i just can't handle having a bunch of junk sitting around . i like ... well , maybe this will help a little , though i haven't been in a relationship with an isfj , my very best friends for years was an isfj . and it was a very awesome dynamic . she was always giving me the ... no . unless you do liposuction . well , thats really simple .. i'd probably garnish the dish with skittles or a little rainbow flag . several months ago i would have said no way .. chicken stew is a sin-i was vegetarian turned vegan ... but then i took a bite of some chicken tikki marsala and now all the animals run from me .. so i'd ... yeah , i don't give a fuck really . someone will always have a problem / opinion with something that you do . but that's all it is so no , generally i don't take it personally . if its someone i admire or ... ok .. well .. maybe you are a lame infp but i'm awesome . i've known two supposedly infj's , females .. and .. well ... honestly .. they are both a little nuts but thome yorke right ? ? fuck yeah ! .. actually , i would love to have a good infj friend . i find it odd that you use the words ' dark ' vrs . ' positive ' .. instead of each of their opposites , light and negative .. thats a little confusing to me .. darkness is within us all and we all have the ... night owl--and life would be much easier as a morning person . addicted to an emotional state .. hmm ... the only time i would agree with that would be if that emotional state were a ' high ' such as how you feel in a new relationship or new love . with each episode of ... i do feel like this sometimes .. but as my intj husband has said before , people are just largely self-absorbed .. when i was younger , i'm 32 now . when i was younger , in my late teens early 20 ' s this ... well ... if i sort of like someone i may knock something out of their hands .. if i really like you i may kick you in the shin and run off .. and if im madly in love .. well .. thats a swift face ... yes , i need to know mbti of everyone . while not everyone fits their type exactly it does help to understand them better i find . some men especially have a harder time expressing their feelings , ... http://http://i222.photobucket.com/albums/dd228/franzx7/mrnaughty.gif http://i222.photobucket.com/albums/dd228/franzx7/blonde.gif shy-i feel awkward about myself . social anxiety-there's nothing wrong with me per se all these people are just too much clutter ... i find when i am in places with large groups of people i gravitate ... '