' i've had my fair share of cruddy teachers , but the majority of the teachers i had , i got along with extremely well . i think they liked me so much because i didn't let their title as teacher affect ... anything by mel brooks always makes me chuckle . wordplay like don't call me shirley in airplane ! married with children had that mocking humor that made me fall in love with ed o'neil . i really ... invisibility ! ! i remember when i was little i actually wrote a story about a girl that turned invisible . there's something intriguing about being non-existent but still alive . i guess i'm so ... inconsistencies between people's words and people's actions . overenthusiastic people . whenever anyone doubts my ability . emotions . people who don't respect my personal space . overconfidence or ... you know you're an intp when : - you search google for an answer to a question , only to spend the next 3 hours on the internet - when your favorite tv channels are science , national geographic and ... lately , i've noticed i have no motivation to do anything outside of my room . i've been blowing off friends , and cancelling plans to avoid spending time with other people . i enjoy my own peace and ... you know you're an estp when your friend sends you a text saying you want to see a movie ? and instead of just saying yes , you text back asking which movie ? what time ? who else is going ? this is so crazy because i felt the same way . i keep looking back on it , and wondering when i started to feel new again , and what caused the episode . i thought i was weird for changing ... i could easily say a little bit of both for each of these questions , but that wouldn't help me much . : tongue : i'll do my best ... this question is kinda tricky . i'm not sure exactly what ... i'm almost never serious . i don't mind making a fool of myself in front of people , as long as it gets a laugh . shoot , sometimes i point out my own illogical behavior to others . i'm not too ... thanks for that , i seem to relate more to p than j . i usually blow stuff off or jump around from thing to thing , but once i realize a deadline is near i lock down and get it done . i was still a ... 150 years . i'm sure i'm not the only person who would agree that dropping dead right now would be upsetting at the very least . working a hard , labor-intensive job or desk job that's mentally ... i've been bouncing back and forth between the two . i know that it's possible to be one type of personality and still have traits from another , but is there a defining sign that you're entj ? how ... i've been bouncing back and forth between the two . i know that it's possible to be one type of personality and still have traits from another , but is there a defining sign that you're entj ? how ... i realized that i was shutting myself out to people because i felt like nobody understood me . automatically shutting everyone out isn't the right way to treat people , everybody deserves a chance ... i usually just let petty stuff fly because it's not worth getting angry over . anger is just one of those emotions that leaves me completely exhausted afterwards , so i don't even get angry unless ... i'm the same way , but it's not that i want to hide or protect it , i'm just waiting for the other person to talk about it first . that's why i need a xxfx partner , because i'll never be the first ... yep , definitely sounds like something a best friend does : tongue : i don't argue very much , but i know two occasions where i actually got a little heated and let my tongue slip , and both situations ... what pisses me off about myself ? how about the inability to leave anything unfinished or impartial ? or maybe , it's realizing there are very , very , very , few people who can grasp your ... do people ever intentionally annoy you just to see if you have a breaking point ? : tongue : .. but most of the entj's on here say they have a dark side that strikes it's foes with anger and resentment . i'm reading this and thinking gee , i wish i could get truly angry just once to see ... i work at a restaurant and i distinctly remember one of my customers calling my attention and asking do you always smile that much ? and of course , i just smiled even more , and just nodded my head ... entj . i was on the fence between entp and entj , but i did some intensive investigation of personality types and i'm now comfortable to say i'm entj all the way . can you relate to anything else on ... i just spent hours reading over all the types of cognitive processes and have come to accept that i am most definitely an entj . and i'm proud of it . as a matter of fact , i'm just going to go ... even though like 7493742 03 people beat me to it , i'll go ahead and tell you what everyone else has probably told you to do: keep your mouth shut . plain and simple . people forget how powerful ... i have a hard time telling people i love them , but never my family . probably because i've just been saying it i love you my whole life to my family . my best friend throws the words around like ... a good friend blew up on me last night and it was so unexpected that it left me with my feelings hurt , which never happens . i've got a wall bigger than the great wall of china built between my ... the way i compliment someone is kind of the same way . i'll say something mean or spiteful and then i'll tell them how much i care about them and how much they mean to me , just to even things out ... i was just pondering this the other day ... i can't show people i care about them . i just wasn't taught how to show affection , or i wasn't born with the gene that codes for interpersonal ... i do the same exact thing . i see it as somewhat of a blessing and a curse . it's beneficial to be realistic , and thinking the worst , prepares you for the worst . even if nothing goes wrong , it's ... i've had some major episodes as well . they're horrible . and the crazy thing about it was that the whole time it was happening , i could tell it wasn't the normal me , but i couldn't get back to my ... the part about the music . yeah i do that too : tongue : i'm easily entertained too . i can literally just lay in my bed with headphones in my ears and just lay there , for hours . i've actually said these exact words once . i'm a daily smoker , which gives some people the idea that i'm lazy , lethargic , and incompetent . but actually , i'm functioning rather fine . i'm going to ... i understand the deja vu thing . i play conversations in my head all the time so that when i'm talking to someone , i have general ideas to talk about . i guess i just like being prepared ? i don't know ... i've had my share of obsessions , and you're right , they're always useless . i'm the most emotional when i'm obsessed with something . good emotions , not bad ones . it makes me feel so happy and just ... you know you're an entp when you find yourself saying you know what i mean ? a lot because you know other people never understand or keep up with you when you explain things . i think everyone knows at least one entp . it's the one person who brightens the room by their mere presence . it's the person who cracks jokes every chance they get , even if that means being a ... i play guitar and piano and have actually recorded a couple songs . i was wondering if there were any other entps that play instruments or have an affinity for music . what instruments do you guys ... i don't think you're bad at math , you just see no practical use for hyperbolas and unit circles . if it has no pragmatism , then us entps have a hard time getting interested . trust me , i fly through ... yeah i think the pompous asshole is a little bit more bearable if they can also joke about themselves from time to time . i point out my own flaws to others just to let them see what i'm insecure ... i used to get like 2 hours of sleep a night , but then i realized how bad it is for you to do it frequently . i'd turn on my light and tv and take a nap ( i turn the light and the tv on because i know ... here's a challenge for any entps : start writing . get a notebook , and a pen and just write . anything that comes to mind . an entp friend told me to do this the other day and i was amazed at what i ... yep . this is me . people say i'm quick-witted , but truth is , i just play everything out in my head before it happens so i can be prepared for just about anything . i play conversations over in my ... i'm so entp that i do / say stuff just to see if i can get away with it . ( charmed the pants off a guy that said he had absolutely no interest in me , and then once i had him , i no longer cared ... ohhh don't even get me started : wink : my favorite rdj movie : kiss kiss bang bang . hands down . that man is so attractive i think it defies some kind of natural laws . i have no idea what that means , but ... robert downey jr . gets me off . definitely ... : wink : i'm swooning . : laughing : facial hair is a massive turn on for me : blushed : depending on whether or not it's groomed right . some guys can pull off facial hair better than others , but it suits almost ... agreed : laughing : i think everyone has a little nerd in them ( high five if you understood that double entendre ) , it's just that some people are better at hiding it than others . pour exemple : i have an xbox 360 and ... so , basically what you're saying is that a relationship with an alien wouldn't be realistic ? damn ... : bored : '