' do you think that there should be sparks on a first date ? if that's not a requirement , how many dates do you think you need to go on to determine whether there is a spark ? i have been on a lot of ... casual dating is torture ... i hate going on dates so much but i make myself do it because i figure if i don't i will never meet anyone ! but after 10 + years of trying i really just want to never have ... casual dating is torture ... i hate going on dates so much but i make myself do it because i figure if i don't i will never meet anyone ! but after 10 + years of trying i really just want to never have ... i am currently reading 1q84 by haruki murakami . so far i am really enjoying it ! i am not quite halfway through , and so interested in the two main characters , it seems that their two separate story ... has anyone been single for a really long time ? by a really long time i mean several years . how did / do you cope with it ? why do you think you were / have been single for so long ? i love documentaries ! they are my favourite thing to watch when i am on my own . here are some suggestions ... exit though the gift shop - about banksy , the british graffiti artist jiro dreams ... sometimes i say something like i'm thinking of [ insert fun activity here ] . would you be interested in joining me ? . and then if they say yes i ask them when would be a good time and make a plan to ... i tend to keep friends for a long time , i have good friends that i have been friends with for more than ten years now ! i tend to put a fair bit into maintaining friendships , making a point of ... it's totally not sad that your closest friends are your family members ! my sister is one of my best friends and it's awesome . your family will always be your family and it's really nice if you can be ... i have been on the for the last 17 years or so ... except for maybe one year . i have pcos and it is supposed to help with that , i tried going off it for a few months about a year and a half ago and the ... i rarely tease people , only sometimes with people i know really well . i am afraid it will be taken the wrong way . also i am uncomfortable with / sensitive to being teased except from people i know ... i find it almost impossible to say no when people invite me to do things with them ... even to the point that i feel bad if i have to say no because i already have plans with someone else ! if i am not ... my lunch at wok habits are similar to kyrielle , i actually share a table with a couple of coworkers but usually have a book to read . once in a while i will have an exchange with someone , they will ... i hate it when my flatmate has boys over and they leave the toilet seat up . i also hate hate hate the misuse of s for pluralisation and ' s for possession . for some reason it makes me ... hmm i am interested to see where this thread goes ! sometimes i can be the most unjealous person ever . i am usually really happy for my friends when nice things happen to them , and interested in ... i have had some pretty bad experiences with homesickness , and i know it can be a pretty terrible feeling ! even if you have chosen to be somewhere for very good reasons sometimes it feels really ... i am so , incredibly sick and tired of being single . i haven't had a boyfriend in over ten years ... i have had a couple of disappointments where i started getting involved with someone and then it ... i will share my opinion if i think it has the potential to do some good , for example of someone asks me an opinion about a decision they have yet to make or maybe to stop them from doing something ... hello ! so , i want to do my masters starting next september but i really don't know what to do it in ! i keep thinking that i need the adult version of a guidance counsellor . i thought that maybe i ... i definitely get along better with girls ... i have two really good guy friends but the rest of all my good friends are women , and pretty much for my entire life my friends have always been female .  ... i'm a sagittarius with a taurus moon and virgo rising . i don't really remember what any of it means , my roommate looked into when i moved in with her cause she is kind of into astrology . i do ... i pay a lot of attention to how i dress , i like my clothes to be interesting and cool . i make sure pieces work together and accessorize where appropriate ... it's amazing how much difference a belt or ... it sounds like you need some new friends . my friends never bash me , and they never make me feel horrible . sure once in a while a friend can say something insensitive , but that just happens , ... i would make everyone a little more understanding and considerate . and i would make everyone smarter . oh wow , i am so excited for you , and maybe a bit jealous . it's my ten-year anniversary of starting university , and i have been feeling a bit nostalgic about it all . i had a wonderful time in first ... no problem . i was thinking about doing a thread , wondering if infj's are more likely to be cat people or dog people . i love dogs , they are sweet and happy and loving and affectionate . i miss having one . cats ... i really appreciate the design and functionality of apple products , probably i am also a designer . i have an iphone and i really , really love it . it's funny because i rarely every make or receive ... i do the double checking thing too ... i do this a lot at work , there is a lot of detail and i am constantly rechecking for mistakes . it's silly because i am actually pretty good at getting things ... i think wayyy to much about money . i am trying really hard to save money to go back to school , and allow myself to spend very little money ... i have a pretty tight budget and am pretty good about ... wow it is very interesting that so many infj's seem to be religious . i am not religious at all ... i really don't like religion . i usually describe myself as an agnostic ... i always hesitate to ... i cry fairly easily , although usually i am good at not letting other people see it . yes ! i really like relating to people one on one . it's funny , i felt like i was really growing apart with a friend of mine but when we finally got a chance to hang out one-on-one again after a ... the postal service ( i liked dcfc a a lot too , but i don't really like codes and keys ... ) portishead radiohead mates of state fleet foxes bon iver ( going to see them this week ... woo ! ) vampire ... this is interesting ... i didn't know anything about any of the types when i fist took the mbti , so i am pretty sure the results weren't skewed ! later on i tried taking a personality quiz online , i ... i was going to say that i don't think i procrastinate too much ... and then realised that i have been thinking that i should go for a walk for at least an hour now , and am still sitting at my computer ! ... i suppose i should be asking this question to more than just infj's but i still haven't ventured too far out of this sub-forum . i was reading through the post what percentage of the infj's here ... we never did typing properly at school . i use the middle fingers of both hands to type , once in a while the index finger like if i am typing er . i keep telling myself that i should learn how to ... i love emily of new moon ! it's one of my favourites ... i don't like the last book the the series though , the romance part kind of overwhelms the storyline . i don't think i have anything like the ... i am reading sex at dawn ... i think the subtitle is something like the prehistoric origins of human sexuality . i don't agree with everything in it so far but it is definitely fascinating ... if ... i think i would describe myself as a social introvert . i really enjoy spending time with people , i definitely need people in my life and my relationships with close friends and family are really ... savoury things ... pizza ! i love pizza so much , it's so delicious ! especially neapolitan pizza ... mmm all chinese food , but dim sum especially poutine fried chicken buss up shut macaroni and ... dates are horrible ! ! ! eeven when they seem to be going well they always feel kind of awkward somehow . i think for me too it seems kind of unnatural to get to know someone only on a one-one-one ... i wish i had more drive ... i think i am smart enough and creative enough to do the kinds of things i admire other people for doing , but i find it hard to be motivated . i feel like more encouragement ... i think i usually just end up doing what feels right , but there is kind of a process to it . i will have a feeling about a decision , but i will think it over and talk it over with a few people . this ... i have never had a frenemy ... to be honest i don't think i have had an enemy since like the 4th grade . there are always a few people that i don't really like but i am polite / friendly to , ... i have the same username on okcupid as i do on here ... i have been creeping like a creepy creeper so i figured it would make me less creepy if i shared . also if anyone has an opinion i would be ... i think i would be terrible at being male ! for better or for worse i tend to fit in to a lot of the stereotypes of my gender in terms or personality and interests . it's funny , i have wished to be ... i usually fall asleep fairly easily , i think it is maybe a few things ... i don't drink caffeine in the later afternoon / evening , i go to bed a pretty much the same time every day , i am usually pretty ... i am not usually shy , unless something happens that will make me feel awkward ... like attention that i don't feel i deserve or if i say or do something that i think is stupid or embarrassing . '