' i've never thought of it that way before , but that's interesting . i don't think that it's like that , though ( from my limited knowledge of the enneagram ) . i think that the stacking is the same for ... when you put something in the microwave , go start doing something else , and then you forget about it until thirty minutes later . i think that light is an entj and not an intj mainly because entjs have inferior fi . this manifests in light with his extremely single minded views of morality , ie . , those who don't believe that ... this i found interesting . we're collaborating to put together information , right ? states of mind when a person is using an element he naturally goes into a corresponding state of mind , which ... i would also be willing to help if a forum was set up . i'm still gathering information right now . this is a good idea . socionics is so little understood in the west , that it's hard to find information on it . i'm still a newbie to this theory , so i'm trying to learn as much as i can about it ... likewise , we could choose our socionics type that would show up above our avatar whenever we went to the forum . who else supports this idea ? 47023 47024 47025 i've also thought that this might be a good idea . the impact the wing could have on the core type will be interesting to see . i'd suggest researching about cognitive functions , if you haven't already ( looking into how each of the types are under stress would be worthwhile , too ) . i was confused about my type until i started ... welcome to mbti . ;) enjoy checking out the articles on perc to feed your interest . and no , from what i've read , there's probably not something wrong with you . except , that i'm wondering now if you ... oh man , i do this all the time . recently : have a fun time at karate . oh , thanks , you too . oh , wait ... he was half-deaf so i don't know if he caught that or not , though ... an infp's inferior function is te , while an intp's inferior is fe . an infp under long periods of stress should , according to naomi quenk's book ' was that really me ? ' , act like this : introverted ... i never thought that it made sense for god or jesus to have a particular personality type . but your conclusion intrigues me , and i want to hear your reasoning . not the most recent ... but this comes to mind . when i was in 3rd grade my teacher was up in front of the room talking , and i noticed that her fly was down . so i raised my hand , and when she called on ... swordsman of mana , i don't know what you would type these as . i'm an sp / so however . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFYYhtBpX_0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZjlIKiCj3g ... i like formal education because it gives me more structure . without it i would only know very much about one or two subjects that i'm interested in and very little about others . one needs to ... the ' w ' means your enneagram ' wing ' . more often than not , you have a wing of another type that influences your core type . your wing can only be a surrounding type , though . for example , say you are a ... hello there , welcome to the forum ! oh , i can't believe i forgot this ! i have dreams about whatever theory i'm interested in sometimes . i've had two mbti related dreams , i think . i watch anime , though not obsessively . i flip through one of my psychology textbooks when i'm bored . i forget to eat ( to the point of stomach pains sometimes ) when absorbed in whatever topic i'm ... alternating between three currently . a sociology textbook ( borrowed ) , ' reason , science , and faith ' by roger forster and paul marston , and ' god's laughter ' by gerhard staguhn . the last two are ... i didn't mean that it would decrease the number . pretty much what you just said , is what i meant . maybe intp females would be more inclined to feel pressure to act like a non-intp to fit in . so perhaps that's why they're estimated to be less ? i know for certain that i had a skewed self-image ... higurashi no naku koro ni ( higurashi when they cry ) keiichi : estp ( or possibly enfj ? ) mion : estp shion : esfp rena : ixfp or enfp rika : infj satoko : estp hanyuu : ixfp satoshi : infp have you told them about mbti , then ? i would probably tell them at least a little about the intp personality type and both of their respective types and how they differ . you know better than me ... i would just meet them and say that i do not want to be in a romantic relationship anymore . i'd say it politely , but i'd be sure that even if it does hurt their feelings they'll get over it . so , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi8vJ_lMxQI depends on your definition of ' friend ' . most people use it pretty loosely . to answer your question , i neither have or desire friends right now . i have acquaintances who i am friendly with , ... please explain the process you used / why you chose the tritype that you did , etc . i've identified my core type as 5 , but i'm unsure of how to go about figuring out my tritype . and hopefully this ... if i go by what catnip describes , i think my cat may be an istp . she's mellowed out with age a lot though , and so now she acts more affectionate . she's very much ip because she disappears for long ... 41446 it was a picture of a timber rattlesnake that i came across on a trail . currently alternating between monster hunter tri and skyward sword . i do karate twice a week , and enjoy it . if i don't both enjoy it and see it as an actually useful sport , i won't have any motivation at all . that's why i hated gym in school and was quite averse to ... i think i read in an intp description somewhere that we are always doubting ourselves in the back of our mind . so we tend to do this . i go to the site every once in a while . i like to check out the tropes for animes / books that i like . ( just used ' like ' twice in a sentence - . - ) that site can be pretty funny , as well . my computer ... i go to the site every once in a while . i like to check out the tropes for animes / books that i like . ( just used ' like ' twice in a sentence - . - ) that site can be pretty funny , as well . i'm not done with dracula yet either because i have the same problem . the weird thing is that when i was in 3rd grade i could finish a 300 page book in two days . and now ... i get distracted . right now ... i'm not an intj , but ... i think there are multiple types of intelligence . what is generally regarded as ' intelligence ' seems to be the ability to understand abstract and complex things . that comes ... you pretty much summed up my thoughts here . it does depend on the christian . i know some christians who are as this thread describes , and then some who aren't . saying that all christians are ... mom : enfp dad : istj we get along . i think it depends too much on the person themselves to say , x type is the most socially awkward . there are too many different factors that would have an effect on one's social skills besides ... yeah , just saying that i'm too skinny wasn't the best way to say that i don't look like a guy . i was was getting at the fact that since i wear clothes that fit me , usually , you can see my skinniness ... although i have been mistaken for a guy twice , i don't think i look androgynous at all . i'm too skinny . you must not have had much to do in your childhood . what ? i have an esfj brother . we typically get along well , he's very generous and perceptive of others ' feelings ( weak points of mine ) . on the downside , he has a tendency to state the obvious / repeat ... eyes : large , olive , i wear glasses nose : straight mouth / lips : fuller bottom lip than top . actually the top lip looks almost non-existent at times . : tongue : that seems to be oddly common with ... ( only anime fans will get this ) when you were surprised when people said that l had no social skills . sure he was quirky , but his social skills weren't terrible , right ? ... at least , that was my ... '