' although aspects of my personality are a little too close to colette's for comfort : laughing : oh , um , sorry guys , i don't want you to worry about me ! so much love for tos . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfCEAz9LBsg how i miss this band . i'm going to write a dangerously sp post here about food / drink . because food is both literally and metaphorically what keeps me going . - i have a pretty sp-ish response to hunger including ... perhaps , but if you view it as something you want to distance yourself from , then you're more likely to talk about it in somewhat depersonalised terms ? we all do it with things we dislike about ... in regards to the milkiest milk ... full fat or bust , right ? right ? i've had a somewhat similar experience ( oh hai 1 - wing and very sp parents who are somewhat disapproving of impulsivity ) in my ... seriously , who named that team ? they might as well just go ahead and make their mascot a tampon . i've dabbled in such things in the past ( as far as scientists go i'm probably a little kooky ) . i haven't worked out what it is about this world yet but i'm inclined to believe that there are set ... some of the best game conversation since hk - 47 :D really enjoying this thread . i'm currently going through another ' am i sx / sp or sp / sx ' so i think that this will help . or maybe just obscure things even more , i dunno . i have in the past used ... oh , but the fact that you're a real man is just the biggest turn on for me . i mean , i just can't help myself , i just get enveloped by all sorts of thoughts . like thinking about the seductive , ... yes , you got me , i'm as gay as a window and i'm just so turned on by your primal manliness . it's all i think about . take me now , loverboy . blystone , you could've just posted a gif of you thumping your chest and windmilling your penis . it would've saved us 8 pages of drivel . this is rather how i feel . i don't really associate with the sheer recklessness of classic sx , but i am 95 % sure i am . i can be quite heavy on the 1 - wing sometimes and think i became scared / ashamed ... i'm an infp 9w1 - 5 - 2 ( sx / sp ) . i don't know if i can say which of my traits are due to my tritype and which to other aspects of me , but i'll try . without being too general . - i'd think - and ... i do like cult of luna quite a bit ... amenra are definitely in the neurosis / col template , but they've taken it and distilled it down into something very focussed . phenomenal live band too . that reminded me a lot of osi , especially with the electronics . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxI7aKjJtrQ i honestly don't think i've ever simultaneously felt so amused yet so irrationally filled with rage . i hate your username , i hate the shitty font you use in your sig , i hate the shit-eating smugness ... my superego is telling me to laugh it off and be the better person , my id is screaming punch that cuntbucket in the face , so i'll go ahead and nod and agree with you without using any sort of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH71rARl4jY i'm going to go with unhealthy sx-dom 2 . count stars and wishes fall now wish the same for me for you and me i'd give my life to make us whole ... mm , i'm not certain , but i would've thought that - at least when healthy - sp / sx would be a sort of controlled fire . i'm not entirely sure though . i'm about 85 % sure that i'm an sx / sp but i have a ... whisperer hey , i'm 95 % sure that i'm a 9w1 - 5 - 2 ( definitely a 9w1 ) . also sx / sp and infp ( for the record ) . what are you having the most trouble with working out ? i'll try to answer ... i do it a lot when i'm happy , and it's almost always playful . my sister and i are terrible with our parents , haha . my parents do sometimes find it difficult to know how serious i'm being because i ... half chinese ( of murky origin ) via malaysia , half english . of course , in typical me fashion , i've wanted to learn japanese for ages and am planning to start this year . it'd throw another wrinkle ... i've found the enneagram immensely useful over the last 6 months and it's really helped me to improve my overall self-awareness and understand the motivation behind my behaviour . looking back over ... 586 doesn't exist , can only be from one of each of [ 234 ] , [ 567 ] , [8 91 ] . good questions ! 1 . how easy it's for you to get out of your comfort zone ? do you struggle to get out of it or does it come naturally for you ? this really depends on several ... in times gone by , i've had to be absolutely certain that someone liked me before making a move ( and have spurned many an opportune moment in the process ) . even when it's been really really obvious , ... i don't really agree tbh , there are thousands upon thousands of 4 - letter / enneagram personality type combinations ( that number depending on whether you want to throw in instinctual variants and / or ... neurosis amenra altar of plagues opeth meshuggah mastodon i have a soft spot for immortal , bloodbath , godflesh , celeste , melvins , isis , the ocean amongst others . i'm not very kvlt . ack , this is just like me , haha . my dad's an istj 9 ( w1 ? ) and my mum's probably an istj 6 . both of them are strongly sp first , and i suspect that they're both sp / so . i don't think they really knew ... fyi , i was birthed by a 39 - year old and there's nothing wrong with fridge . hmm , a few things : i ) you're pretty young . unfortunately , it means that a lot of the guys you date will also be young and , in all likelihood , pretty immature / undeveloped , hence people telling you ... i'd go wherever you would go . o hai 2002 . i definitely enjoy the taste of alcohol , but yeah , the burning does take some getting used to . that said , good quality spirits tend to burn way less than cheaper stuff . oh_no_she_didnt wild_bird ... i am a serious sleep grinder - i had to get a dental splint made to stop me wrecking my teeth ( my jaw muscles are stacked too , apparently ) . hope yours isn't a long term thing at all , but you should ... i definitely agree with this , although it seems to be one of those things which works better in theory than in practice ... some people do find the concept of it weird . wanting to hug someone who's several thousand miles away . this is very me . i daydream about quite real-world things , although it flips between hypothetical situations and ideas like you stated . a bit ot , the east-west thing is interesting , definitely . ... yay , more scinfps ! ( sorry , that was terrible ) . i did my undergrad in chemistry and i'm currently attempting to finish my postgrad in materials science - my project is based in renewable energy and ... currently rocking out to altar of plagues in my underwear with a tear in my eye as i'm seeing them play their last ever uk show this evening . all good things must end ( especially when i've decided ... i wouldn't overthink matches in terms of personality types . ultimately , you get on with who you get on with ... you'll come across ignorant and uncaring infps and understanding estjs . i was thinking ... but most restaurants aren't that formal . i generally dislike dress codes in restaurants / institutions , although if i'm going somewhere really nice i'll smarten up a little ( not too much though , i'm ... - okami wins thread . p . s . i have a canvas print of that picture on my wall . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH39f2-qHo0 for anyone struggling with redemption and growth . and ... i love dining out . food is one of the biggest parts of my life ... i cook a fair bit too , but there are a lot of things that i can't cook myself without a lot of hassle ( such as a bowl of pho or ... i'm into sludge , black metal , metal , ambient and progressive metal , including : neurosis , amenra , altar of plagues , refused , isis , wolves in the throne room , oathbreaker , oceansize , opeth , ... finding a good flatmate is way harder than finding a good friend . i've had a really good flatmate this year and i still kind of want to live on my own ( although doing so in london is so bloody ... yup . one conversation that i have often : are you coming for lunch or what ? yeah , just let me finish this album siara - thanks for taking the time to reply to everyone ! i think that definition of self-confidence is a good one . belief in one's abilities and believing one to be without flaws ( and to aim for ... have you talked to your friend about it ? i know it sucks to invest in someone without receiving much in return . been on both sides of that one . what says is totally right though ... he's ... '