' that made me laugh so hard . xd thank you for that : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : i think that's what gets me too . i'm glad i wasn't the only one that thought this : crazy : i think i just need time to recharge , because lately , i've been dealing with a lot of mess with my family . ... don't get me wrong . i love helping people . it makes me feel good inside when i help someone , even if they don't really need it . i think it's just that i get flustered when so many people seem ... i realized recently , that i absolutely hate it when people feel sorry for themselves . it's like , they get all sad and depressed and just sit there and get all emo , instead of doing something about ... i love you anyway :D i love intp's theyrre the best . :D intp girls are the cutest ever without being too ditzy . it's awesome haha : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : anyways yeah .. nothing is more aggravating than an istj . i love entj's more than istj's wooo no offense to them though . :P too bad i eated it all :p roud : i don't think i've actually met a whole lot of intj's ... maybe i have and just don't know it . i dunno : tongue : you can be the first one radzell :D . i know two intp's ( my two best friends ) and i ... i don't watch much tv anymore , but i can say that i like the older cartoon network opposed to the newer shows . flapjack is pretty awesome though : crazy : nope . i'd probably get bored and eventually quit . unless it was something i really liked to do . awww : sad : . that was mean of her . yes they can . well at least for me they can . i have chick friends that i would never date . i mean , it's happened before . i've dated a girl that was just a friend at first , but when we broke up it ... well for one , if i'm doing the job by myself , i'm not going to be too motivated to do it , unless it's something i enjoy doing . gimme a radio and a partner to work with and i'll do just about any ... 306 : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : ... : crazy : best friends are someone i hang out with a lot , and who i have my funnest moments with . i also have a lot of trust in them , but not 100 % : tongue : i consider them like family and i tell them almost ... i'm so bored ... i wish that my friends would want to do something today , but they never do . : sad : this spring break was really boring . agreed . : happy : same here ! : crazy : i always amazed everyone with my math skills . they'd always be like , ' brandon's so goofy , he could never be good at math . ' and then bam ! tests came back and i had an a while ... ahhh ! istj's ! run ! : crazy : i'm only kidding . my step-dad is an istj and we are completely opposite . i think you could still be enfp and have similarities to your dad . my personal experiences with ... im in the same boat dude . i blame getting called gay on myself because sometimes i think its funny to confuse people , and i take it a bit too far sometimes but it's hilarious to see their reactions ... i enjoy classical music in moderation :P most of the stuff that i do listen to are just instrumentals ( electro / house , idm , trip-hop , ambient etc .. ) i love it . :D haha yeah , immature isnt it xd what's even worse is that i made that account a few months ago , haha thanks femme . guess i should do more research when posting a topic . :P i was wondering who all had last.fm accounts ? i'm interested in what everyone listens to , and i think that would be the easiest way to figure it out . so if you have one , post in in here please :D ... do you have a last.fm account arachnophobia ? thanks so much guys . you've convinced me xd all of this is gonna help me open up more and not hide my emotions as much . i wonder how my friend will react ? haha i think he's in for a surprise ... i guess you're right nick . it's just somethin i gotta work on . and i have been now that i'm aware of it . i guess some of my cognitive functions are more developed than others ? i dunno :P what i ... hahaha nice one : crazy : i think shadowplay is on the right track with that statement . but hey , what do i know ? i'm the one that was doubting myself in the first place , xd but its true ! he wasnt trying to be mean ! lol woo college ! i have no idea what i'm gonna do with my life . xd haha nah , i was just kiddin :P hipsters are a subculture of men and women typically in their 20 ' s and 30 ' s that value independent thinking , counter-culture , progressive politics , an appreciation ... ehhh , i worded that a little weird . im the one that brought up the conversation to him , he just agreed with me . and he didnt tell me that his intp friend comforted him more than i do , he was ... i wish they did ! grrr . :P & i only have 2 more months until i graduate highschool . then i'll be freee ! haha . oh no , not a hipsterrr run ! ahaha , just kiddin :P :D ! thank you so much for that ! haha * hug * that's weird because my stepdad has raised me since diapers too , and i'm used to calling him dad , until recently :P and it's not that my friend ... harrooo . i've been doing some research and i am questioning my enfp-ness ( haha p-ness ) i'm pretty sure i am , but my intp friend is doubting it . he brought up the fact that his intp friend ... that sounds like a great idea ! xd there's only one problem though ; the only hounds i have are weenie dogs , and all they do is lick you to death > . < i guess i'll have to borrow a smiting stick . [: i havent had all that much work experience , but from the little that i've had , i can tell that it will be very likely for me to become a job-jumper . this one time i went to apply at a dollar ... i chat with lots of random people on the internet , and sometimes we become good friends . most of the time i can immediately tell if they are trolling or being fake . i'm like you though ; i don't bring ... woo ! high five lilsnowy ! go us ! haha this is exactly how i am ! i can be the nicest guy you'll ever meet , but if you offend me or strongly disagree with me , then i can be the meanest person ever . ohhh man , i love us . <3 i listen to electronic / house and idm / ambient most of the time . i also like a little bit of classical . http://last.fm/pubesack add my last.fm if you want to [: this is pretty much how i am . i'm trying to get away from drinking altogether though , and i don't drink much when i do . i don't have any religious comvictions that take priority for me , i just ... i'm sure that i could find an istj that i'd really get along with good , but for the most part , i haven't i just skipped reading like 4 pages of this thread to say that i love intp females . that's pretty much all i wanted to say [: aww , well that's not nice : c my two best friends are intp . i seem to get along with them pretty well . as for the type that i clash with , it'd have to be istj's . no offense to you guys though ... you're welcome [: & yeah text can have charm ; i can work with it but i wouldve much rather gave you a real big ol ' enfp hug . haha :P oh my gosh im so sorryyy ]: * hug * well even though he's gone he's still putting smiles on peoples faces . like mee ! :D it looks like you poked him in the picture and he didnt like it or ... this has nothing to do with the topic but is that your cat ? it looks so cute xd i hate texting . so much ! i dont even own a cell phone becasue i hate it so much . :P i would much rather be talking to them in person . besides , if i'm chatting over im or anything like that , ... '