' here's a fishing rod instead . if you want to do an internet search , look for eight functions mbti . aww shucks . :) sure when it's said with pride ... ohh the irony . my knee jerk reaction to that person would be to pet their head , and smile gently at them . i think i can , i think i can , i think i can . but if it's ... because there's someone hiding behind those feathers , there is warmth , protection , and softness in the down . the passage is jagged , but not sharp , and layered , so not a simple entrance . a bird ... yaaay ! a much more productive way to go , isn't it ? infp , the way you quest for answers , and refuse to settle inspires me . the rule of this thread goes against my principles , so i won't comply . infp , i like where your p takes you , it takes you to open windows , and ignores open doors . me too . i don't like type casting people . they are all unique . i think your icon is perfect by the way . looks like you have a few volunteers , which is nice to see . :) if you don't find the right match , or could use more insight , might i suggest , you go to the infjs forum . there are some respectable ... i'm a nurse . i've taken care of a sickening amount of mva victims . the bereaved included . your story is very familiar . driving skills come from experience , which takes time , not plastic . no ... i forget who said it : there are friends for a reason , friends for a season , and friends for life . you're not meant to sway with everyone . it doesn't mean that they are of no value to you . ... apathy . stagnation leads to apathy . things are stale . time to make a change . a life change . it has very little to do with personality type , and very much to do with how well adjusted you are , your health , the strength of your constitution , and how effective your coping mechanisms are . it sounds like the cops let their anger get the best of them . not to defend that , but some times , with the crap they are exposed to , i wonder how they keep a cool head . the good cops , that is . ... you only got fined $ 160 ? you deserved more . a car is a moving weapon . you had no right to be behind the wheel . you could have called her parents , a cab ... drunk drivers are not the only dangerous ... present the truth , but present it with tact . intp's , in general , feel like home to me . infj's are allowed to vent from time to time . i wanted a compound cross bow for my birthday . didn't get it . i got some plants . they were nice though . i don't want for a whole lot though , i prefer to spend my time appreciating . no , let me ... it cheapens the infj pot , or maybe dilute is more accurate . same goes for all of the other types , who all have their own exemplary features , or tendancies . there is something that is admirable ... don't forget , mbti is just a theory . gasp . some people go by the one test they did on the interweb too . the test is only as good as the person writing it ( who often suck at it ) , or the person ... i only like small talk , if it helps the other person feel comfortable with me , so i comply out of compassion , or respect . otherwise , small talk is something i study . i assume people don't care all ... aren't we all god's gifts ? speaking of which , did you watch the season finale of fringe ? it was all about taking over , and becoming a god . it was very intj actually . you might get further if you specify which type of infidelity . empathy is not something you show , it's something you feel . you've basically absorbed their emotions , and project it ( maybe more quietly , not always ) . sympathy , empathy , compassion ; they are all ... oh no , it's sport to change a neutral face to something else i feel like seeing at the time . it's almost like an empty canvas . i shut right down for a painfully long time to the other person , until they beg for mercy . over stimulation . you're pushing things , and people away , because you are overloaded . not accepting them because you don't have room . it's a self preservation tactic . if you don't actively ... astro physics . i was accepted into an astro physics program , but declined the offer when my engineer brother told me i'd be wasting my talents . i wasn't bullied in school . the cool kids used ... i think we're good at giving people a sense of hope , and faith in themselves . i've been to hell , navigated my way through it , and navigated my way out of it . tragedy forced me to map out what was latent . as excruciating as it was , it forced me to fortify my very foundation , ... i just bloody well can't make that stuff matter , no matter how hard i try to care , i just don't . i'm no june cleaver . speaking of which , what is her mbti type ? i'm not on speaking terms with her . ... grass , check . vacuuming , check . i actually get pleasure from seeing the drastic difference . as long as there aren't biohazards around i prefer to do other things , that will contribute more ... fall , winter . ooohh , that sounds like an interesting association . elle vs , i critisize you for not relaying which camus book to read , only ' cuz i've not read any , and it sounds interesting , and you've left me in ... dear grrr , you're not dear right now ! for the love of god , get your damn car out of my basement ! i know i wanted you to keep it , so that you'd have a place to go mid-life crisisy on in 15 ... now now intj , there must be a place somewhere in your grand scheme , for an infp , isn't there ? think harder ! you've got me pegged intp . ' tis true indeed prof . song . gald dang it , can't you be one dimensional ? more predictable ? the sooner they come out with lous vouitton shirts that say kick me , the better . well hey , i will be critical of you on behalf of ... some other type . your heart is on your sleeve , put it away , or it'll get sliced . anyone care to slice though , and i'll bring out my claws ... i'm sorry , you got me , i find it very hard to be critical of intp's , so intp , if you wish , you can give me an f . :( i do it more with the range in my voice . i'll be more melodic . i've also humoured benign complaints of my loved ones , by softly gigling , and smiling encouragingly , maybe pat them softly on the head ... as you age , in order to evolve in a healthy direction , you need to develop your 3rd and 4th functions . this is , assuming your first and second are developed . nobody said it was easy , or ... if you're therapeutic , you're therapeutic . i don't care how many courses a therapist took to earn , the title , if they aren't therapeutic , they aren't therapists . if poeple come to you as a ... the ones that drive me crazy , are the one's that i don't understand . i will not have that , that is shameful . everyone can , and will be understood . damnit . why is it o . k . intj , to store half of your ' 67 camaro in my basement , and 454 engine in your mothers front hall ? well , if you're anything like my husband , you're so reliably useful , and resourceful with regard to your insight into systems , that it's frustrating , and people flood him , because if he knows how to ... i trust my irrational moves , they are always my best moves , therefore perfectly rational . really , i'm not just playing on semantics , it's the frustrating truth . hi . :) have a nice day . it would be very flattering , but i would feel very shy about seeing him after . i souldn't want the next encounter to be lengthy , just consistant , reliable intervals , until i felt i could trust his ... '