' - i was very protective of my parents . - i knew more than i should . although i was rather naive , i knew more than a child should know . - i never fit in at school . i was bullied for being ... yes , i left for a year or so , perhaps two . i'm back , however . i don't know if i'll stay for long . i lost interest quickly . is there no way out of the mind ? - sylvia plath i find it interesting as i read some of these posts that a lot of you felt numb . it's hard to say what i felt . i was numb , really . i couldn't feel anything passionately . i felt disassociated from all that occurred around me , and i wanted to stop feeling empty , but i couldn't ... i'm in both my dark and thriving side at the same moment . i don't know if that's possible , but i'm here , there , and nowhere . if i chose the latter option ( saving my family ) then the world would be quite a lonely place . and i'm sure my family would want me to choose the formal option ( saving 2 bill people ) , anyway . haha ! my close friend is an isfj as well , at times i feel like punching her because of how nice she is , and then later on i feel terrible . :( that too can be a curse . love in the most ideal and purest form causes one to be far too self-sacrificial in a world where one must have some selfishness in order to succeed and healthily thrive , ... love can be used for both good and wicked purposes , it means different things for different people . all four of those are quite subjective , including love . i've personally struggled with knowing more ... i dress pretty conventionally usually because i don't care much for self-expression through what i wear . i mostly self-express through my creative writing and painting . however , people – of both ... i didn't choose knowledge , because being far too knowledgable can also be a curse , in my opinion . my writing is chameleon-like and changes depending on my mood . perhaps i suffer from a personality disorder , haha . here are some samples of the various ways in which i write : 60778 i chose power . however , by power i don't mean as the controlling kind of power over others . something more along the lines of ... having control and power over myself , being free and independent , and ... i don't yearn for much . just a small hut in the woods , maybe . a nice , quiet life . i'd like to have huge bookshelves in my study room and rare antiquities . i also like old , dark cherry wood , so i'd ... when i'm not concentrating on anything or focusing on a certain task at hand , then my intuition begins to wander . i've noticed that i get those ' aha ' moments when i'm not really thinking about the ... lunacy i poured gasoline all over your still form . you were sleeping . a frown came across my face . there was slight hesitation . i didn't want to do it . morality was seeping into my ... dark in here it's dark in here . your fingers are brushing against the walls , trying to find the switch . your eyes dilate , you're trying to see through the dark . distinguish what's really ... i can't agree more , :) . disillusionment you are disillusioned . i am disillusioned . but , perhaps , you and i are still adrift in different illusions but , i'd like to think of it the other way . it's more soothing . ... ahhh they want to be like you they see your facade of greatness of warmth of love of confidence they see nothing but figments rhythmic beats losing myself in the beats rhythmic beats they inject emotions in me i am hollow and empty pour your soul into me in my lifelessness make me feel alive alive fly trying to fly over the mountains . trying to fly over them all . not trying to fly , but flying . either way , i'm dying . i'm going to fall , fall ... fall . sometimes , i'm standing on top ... i feel like this right now . i'll put in bold what's not true for me : unaware ( and sometimes uncaring ) of how they come across to others • may quickly dismiss input from others without really considering it • may apply ... red kill me . kill me now with your sword . so sweet . so loving . so deadly . ah , this thread has come alive again ! how wonderful ! utterly perplexed , she finds herself in a room completely silent , except for the faint sound of water trickling through the pipes . the ... liquidlight , thank you so much for this , you ’ ve really explained the fi function much better than most of the mbti websites i ’ ve visited that concern cognitive functions . i think i use fe but as ... interesting . can you give me an example of how a dominant fi user differs from a dominant ni user ? i've read the description of ni and i can really see myself using it , but fi also makes sense ... hello fellow infj ! welcome to perc . hope you enjoy your stay ! if you haven't already , you should read up on the cognitive functions . don't rely on tests , they won't really give you an accurate ... haha . that made lol so hard . just wondering . can ni-fe sometimes seem like fi ? there is a silence in your soul , the world around you is a blur as you experience the uncontrollable and intense yearning to do something that you have never done before . you glance around your ... my parents are religious and i grew up in a religious environment , but it just wasn't for me . when i turned around 12-13 i left the religion , and told my mother it wasn't for me . she was quite ... yeah , i'm not trying to lead him on as that would hurt him terribly when he finds out i don't like him that way . besides , right now i'm not emotionally ready for a relationship , so if he ever asks me ... he has to look decent-looking , not necessarily model-quality , but decent and clean . i mean it's great for a guy to have a nice personality , but i personally wouldn't date him if he smelled , and ... i'm pretty good at lying when i absolutely have to ( and i know that it's for a good reason ) . otherwise , i barely lie . however , when i do lie i am pretty good at it . the best thing to do right now is listen , and don't give out too much advice unless you really know what you're talking about . just listen to her problems , to what she's saying and then after she ... right now , i am calm and peaceful . though , there's scrapes of anxiety in the back of my mind , but i'm trying to push that all away . i'm reading a few books , and trying to escape away from reality ... i'm an infj and i first first got sorted into slytherin ( i was shocked ) and the did the test again and got sorted into ravenclaw , which fits a bit more . i can see traits of all four houses in me . i ... there was then a sudden moment of doubt . it wrapped around her like a snake , its venom slowly leaking into her mind . the bright light of the lighthouse shined brightly in the darkness , it kept on ... hey larissa . welcome to perc . your boredom , hopefully , will surely seize to exist here . hope you have fun ! :) iq tests only prove that you're gifted and talented at taking iq tests . every individual has their own talent . however , a lot of people haven't figured out what they're good at . i think iq tests are ... infp is an mbti type . i have no opinions on any of the mbti types as every individual differs greatly from one another . cognitive functions are tools used by an individual to process the world ... i'm so tired . where am i heading ? to find the well that has never existed in this god forsaken desert ? i should stop fooling myself and accept that fact that i never will find it . but , yet ... why do ... i can't explain my thoughts coherently , although i know what i'm thinking about . i use many mediums to think , such as pictures , memories , visuals , words , so summarizing all of that is a bit of a task ... i don ’ t know . i don ’ t believe in the god that most religions ( esp . organized religions ) portray . i do however lean towards believing in a higher deity , although it ’ s not something i really focus on ... i really get irritated of ill-behaved children . i don't blame the children of course for how they're behaving , i blame the parents . i have a few relatives that have a huge family , and their children ... i ’ m such a hopeless romantic . it ’ s very hard for me to crush or be romantically involved with anyone because i ’ m much more pre-occupied with my own fantasies about romantic rendezvous and adventures ... at the end of the day , it is you who decides what type you're most comfortable in . i took a test too and i've come with infp , intp , intj , even estp , it all depended on my mood and what i was feeling ... '