' me , hitler , carmen electra . tauruses yo ! lols . and yes , surprisingly , it fits me quite well . that's interesting . i was also an avid reader as a child . i was above my age-group in reading level , and my teachers would get new books for our class libraries for me to read . as i've gotten older ... i go to a small ( 6000 undergrad ) private university , majoring in biology . also , i just want to point out that many times descriptions of isfps make us look like we can't do anything that isn't ... i tried many times to keep diaries when i was younger , just because i never wanted to forget anything . i would do this especially over trips and stuff . the problem was always that it took too much ... 1 ) yes . 2 ) that realllyyy depends . sometimes i will never feel positively affected by it . sometimes i warm up to things , sometimes i like them immediately . 3 ) hellz yes , and i have very little ... you istps are my newest type crush . i feel like we'd get along , although to onlookers it might look like we hate each other because we'd both be comfortable not talking ( i'm an isfp ) . lols recently , wow , calm the fuck down . it's not that big a deal . oh and stop asking me if i have a boyfriend yet , stop trying to set me up with people , reassuring me that i'm ' cute ' and ... wow i can't believe i just sat here for an hour and watched that whole thing , but i guess i did it because in the beginning he said he was going to teach us how to regain a certain spirituality in ... i don't remember where i read this , and i don't even know if it's true , but here i am , sharing it anyway :P when i first read it , i didn't really understand it , but i definitely relate to the fi ... i've been friends with an entp for almost four years now . my experience mirrors that of the previous responders in that we've definitely had our ups and downs . we were roommates for a year , and i ... speculation , but i'm pretty sure my dad is an enfp . my mom is harder , but i think she's istp or intp . i got a 45 . average . i like that i can enjoy life's simple pleasures . i like that i'm a nice person who takes other people's feelings into account ( even though sometimes it bites me in the butt ) , because i ... i'm a 9w1 too , and literally everything you just said applies to me too . i don't know all that much about enneagram , but i would guess that the isfp 9 ' s contribute more to the push-over and ... i'm very close to my nuclear family ( mom , dad , brother , sisters ... cats :P ) but i am really not with my extended family . every family event feels like a chore , because i'm just so uncomfortable ... 1 - a ) with my mom and sisters , kneading dough , with flour everywhere . b ) snuggling with my cat c ) swimming in the ocean , so far out that only one friend came with me , enjoying the waves ... so true though . feeling loved . also , a peaceful happiness tinged with just a bit of nostalgia . ( think walking through the woods in november and it's cold and crunchy and crisp and wonderful , and you pick up the ... very possible she's an isfp . i think you're right with the s . i feel like all the things you wrote on the bottom could also apply to isfj . maybe ask them as well ? i think you've got that backwards . isfp's are fi / se . agreed ! archery is awesome . i say we team up with all the animals that we think are cute but everyone else thinks are scary ( snakes , bats , etc . ) and scare everyone into submission ! and make some cuddly / scaly / slippery friends ... i've considered counseling on multiple occasions , but never actually went through with it . i guess i just always convince myself that i'd be taking up time that a counselor could be using to help ... i definitely relate to all of them , but recently i've been feeling a lot of especially at work . i'm really bad at work situations . i always feel really incapable and foolish . ah yeah . wish i could say that i don't relate to this ... but i do . for me it's more that i don't have any solutions to my problems , and a lot of times i don't even know what the real problem is . so ... challenge accepted ! i will do my best to te right back at you : i don't know how to respond to your original question , because it isn't clear . by chase do you mean , develop ? work on ? seek out in ... hmm interesting . i actually consider myself a good driver . i'm cautious and aware of everything around me , which i had previously attributed to the se ... but hearing you all talk about being unaware ... i have a close intj friend who i love . we get along well , and i can definitely see the supplement relationship between us , and i find her rationality and logic refreshing . one main issue that i ... lord of the rings ( trilogy ) pirates of the caribbean ( the first one ) fight club mulan anastasia all-time fave : how to train your dragon ! ( i can't believe it hasn't been said yet ! ) on that ... best friend : estj . former best friend who i've had issues with for the past couple years : enfp . wow thomyorke , you put that into words marvelously . i don't have such a strong reaction to such situations that i hide , but i am incredibly uncomfortable and nervous interacting with people when i ... although i love ntj's , i think there's definitely something difficult about the sfp / ntp relationship . i don't know of any entp's among my friends , and up until recently i didn't believe that isfp's ... left brain : 47 % right brain : 53 % your left brain percentages 40 % sequential ( your most dominant characteristic ) 32 % linear 27 % reality-based 25 % logical 14 % verbal 9 % ... i'm currently an undergrad , but working towards someday becoming a veterinarian . mulan , bhageera , eeyore , tigger , winnie-the-pooh . my current favorite super-easy dinner : easy mac + tomato soup = omnomnom me tooo how true . :P musical , naturalist , spatial i have actually wondered about that , because i've read that isfp's are often religious or feel an emptiness if they aren't . i'm not particularly religious myself . i was raised catholic but not in a ... omg i so so so relate to this . ( and everything else you said ) . here are my guesses : katniss - istp peeta - esfp * gale - intp cinna - intp * prim - infp finnick - estp haymitch - intp snow - xntj no , you have to choose this time ! i hear this a lot . i do this too . it's much easier for me to do something or make something to express how much i care about someone than it is to tell them . my go-to method is usually to bake something :) in ... very nearly 21 :) hmmm . i don't have any experience in relationships , but my three closest friends are estj , intj , and entj . i find i get along very well with t's . one of those friends has a very strong j , and i ... i often wonder about that . by function descriptions , i can see myself in both t and f , but when i read the istp forum , i don't fit at all . fe-fi-si-se-ti-te-ni-ne , and i got istp on the 16 types test . i've always known i rely on my t more than most isfps do ( although my n is weak enough to make up for it haha ) , so i thought i'd give ... estj , intj , one who i'm having a lot of trouble typing , but possibly infj , and a really old friend who i think is an infp . i'm the second of four '