' ok , i'll go first . i'm a 29 year old infp male with intimacy issues . i get very sensitive during sex , not always , only with a new sexual partner . i need to be mentally comfortable with a girl so that ... yes you know what this is , because you clicked on it ! :) let's not be shy , lets have a mature thread with confessions , suggestions , compassion , and thought . after all , it's life . sexual ... 55840 im eating triscuit crackers and it's really loud . fact : orange juice tastes bad after using toothpaste . democracy now ! <--- click the link :) im listening to my cat meow for food hello findyourbeauty ! yeah , i too take my time with responses , i sometimes regret the words i say , so i choose them carefully . we are disorganized perfectionists ! :) [ font = verdana ] best of wishes for you and your career ! :) fact : you are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider . i'm starting to get the feeling that i've played too many video games in my lifetime . i came to realize that all i do while playing video games is manipulate pixels ; that's what it all boils down to ... positivity is what women find attractive , not the im such a failure , nobody will ever love me attitude that takes over somany peoples lives . you've already decided you will fail . with that in ... empire of the sun call of the wild into the wild alive 1984 a million little pieces my freind leonard infp = peaceful protestor gone postal john cleese calls all twitter users twatts , funny actor to follow ! hey , are any of you infp's twatt's ? err ... i mean do you use twitter ? i just started using it last week , it seems more bareable than reading most facebook status update's . i started using it to ... thank you very much this was nice to read . i will consider this all . i am the union chairperson , the top union official at my work . i've been off work for the past 2 weeks due to stress . the company i work for is not being supportive at all , they've sent out my medical claim forms late , are questioning the validity of my doctors ... democracy now ! ! ! watch it unbiased grass roots promotes freelance journalism http://www.democracynow.org/ fact : the mona lisa has no eyebrows . you need strategies for what , exactly ? a good place to start ; the idea that infp's have a problem that needs fixing ... is a problem . furthermore , allow the people around you to notice that you ... art and ... coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee caw-fee caffy ! ! ! fact : venus's day is longer than its year . this is a thread to share some interesting facts . the key is to keep the facts short , skip all the details and just say what it is , so that our minds can wander and research on their own . example : ... that's interesting , why would you want to stereotype the hipster ? does it really matter that much ? i say live and let live , don't judge people on appearances . i don't see it being a good thing to ... whistle language , it's the future . yes indeed , whistling is the newspeech . when it comes to the work environment , don't feel as though you need to show gratitude for your superiors . use their compliments to your advantage and say i'm just trying to do my job / get the job ... meee want cookie ! 35507 yep , it's me . beer is good . on the road i always feel better when i help someone . you know , that cliche phrase , help yourself by helping others ? well , it works . people are attracted to positive energy . do nice things , you'll feel good ... when you notice everyone around you change and grow , while you sit there and observe . you want to change and grow , but deep down you know that you don't need to , the rat race is not for you . a self portrait 34777 street art 34778 i love art . art is my girlfriend . haha i'm shop steward for the caw union . i fight with management everyday and defend my union brothers / sisters . i see some very immoral attacks against workers by the 2 faced leadership . i've only been ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRbE_IElMPk bunburry is known as an anonymous identity . a character played by many people . ex : santaclause at the mall . - i spelled it slightly different for personal reasons . http://vimeo.com/39147193Video done in my painting studio , music recorded in my apartment . and i've been with dhl for almost 8 years ! starcraft 2 is sweet , i have that one , i find it strange how society encourages us to feel the need for a relationship . i'm realizing that being single is freedom ; freedom to meet and talk to whoever i want without checking in on my ... so i bet you infp's like video games as much as i do , and that we enjoy similar games too . so , i'd like to extend my account name to you , add me if you'd like , i think it would be neat to compare ... i agree , leadership roles can be unnecessary . if you had a picture of yourself wrestiling with alligators , you would be an online dating god ! haha . i know what you mean with the profile picture thing . sometimes i'll use a pic that will get no ... i've only used pof . to tell you the truth , everytime i message someone i don't get a reply , it seems that my dates have been with women who initiate conversations with me first . maybe it's the city i ... i've been single for a couple of years now , i'm enjoying it . lately , i've been trying out some online dating . there's no sparks yet , but i've been meeting some really cool people . my first date ... some truth causes pain and suffering , these create fear . other truths cause nourishment and wisdom , which is love . fear vs . love , matter vs . anti-matter , yeahh super crunchy punch time ! i think that's hard for us to answer without personally knowing the individual . why don't you find out for yourself and express your interest in her rather than waiting for her to give you obvious ... if you're a young infp know this : the only change you should expect is that you will further understand yourself and that you don't need to change yourself . i'm only 28 and i feel like i haven't ... '