' some things are not that deep . this reminds me of a song lyric from 311 . if i have a point , i say it plaa ain . not all threads have to be philosophically relevant or scientifically analyzed ... it appears i misunderstood your negativity for curiosity . my bad . the link is to say hey , this is a thing . i had not previously heard of it . was it useful ? yes , from your crude graphic i can see you understand what it is . simple as that . discussion , sharing , ... can you not see that you are arguing with someone that has the same opinion ? you are cracking me up . since we are giving each other advice ... you should stop trolling me and move on . i'm not gonna ... so you got really in depth with this . i can appreciate that . i just thought it was a cool idea . the test meh , i was judging my wife ( enfp ) as an ambivert based on my experience with her . i think we ... i thought this was a cool article . i don't hear much about the ambivert and it really makes sense to me . my wife is one so understanding this stuff helps me . anyway thought i would share this article ... meme that best describes how people view me as an intj my response to several memes i've seen in this post . haha , good conversation starter though . lift your head up high and blow your brains out women are like dog poo hear me through don't interrupt , it's just the older that they are the easier they get to pick up i like my girls like ... you know you are an intj .. when you use an internet forum to succinctly convey a random , yet meaningful observance of your behavior to receive recognition with minimal rebuttals about wierd factor and ... well said . i fight the gender stereotype battle as a male . i don't let people discriminate at all really , if i can help it . people have tried to say that i contradict previous notions though when ... speaking of being a dad and an it guy . i don't really enjoy fixing other people's computers but i do find myself being asked questions all the time in regards to it . they just come out and ask ... guilty .. intj are prone to sarcasm . i still wish there was a valid sarcasm font ... totally agree ! my wife confirms my behavior almost daily . i can make a logical argument on why i put the cat food bowl in the laundry hamper when asked why , even though i didn't realize it had been ... when you're having a great time and really enjoying yourself ( thinking wow i'm being personable ) and then someone asks what's the matter ? . yeah , if it were only as simple as that . i could be an effing awesome dad three days a week ! louis c . k . has a unique point of view on life albeit dark . well it helps me tune then out while not completely ignoring them . yeah mostly a house of extroverts . i have been joining them for the last two months and i guess my five hour energy was a different ... well , that is extreme . i got myself in this situation . my fault . it would impact the life of four other individuals drastically so i can't justify that . while it is a solution it would most likely ... i must research this ! texas . i'm going to go ahead and steal that phrase . best . description . ever . second quote ( impavidus ) is also a good description . combine them ... solitude deprivation is psychological torture . ... too late to reconsider . i happen to disagree with the notion . i think we have a valued / necessary place in society , just not valued while we are present . my kids don't seem to share my weaknesses ... yeah , for the last two months i haven't had my usual one or two nights of the week to recharge . upon reflection i think this is where my grumpy disposition and lack of zeal is originating . change ... my wife just brought this up in conversation with another couple about how i care about that . at that moment i realized it wasn't something most people are concerned with . this notion blew mind ! yeah , this aspect gets me into trouble with men and women . how can i please you if you don't have a constant reaction ? how do i know what to say if i can't put myself in your shoes . i seldom let ... i need to date the wife . i'm a bad husband too much . i really have a hard to with the emotional aspect . most of the time i jus don't get it honestly . i need to date the wife . i'm a bad husband too much . i really have a hard to with the emotional aspect . most of the time i jus don't get it honestly . wow ! very insightful and on point . i am struggling . i have to start something solo . a hike would probably do me good . i realize now i don't have a place in the house that i can get away . i've been ... recharging your battery ( intj ) first off i apologize if i am not following the normal posting rituals set forth in personality cafe . i am having trouble as a father of three with an extroverted wife ... as a relatively athletic person i was easily able to skim by with low level jobs and thought i was destined for blue collar work . i was wrong . what i have figured out is that i need an environment ... i've never done it but i do find the practice hilarious ! i have no doubt that u could pull it off admirably - _ - new interest ... radzell . are those just interests or are you involved in research of those topics ? obviously with the new electronic components coming out ( six core processors and such ) quantum ... lmao at trolling ! computers ( building , hacking , fixing , physical hacking ) electronics conspiracies people watching human psyche that is about all i have time for other than making the ... ... you constantly have a hard time with your boss at work because he or she is an incompetent ass and should not be the boss of nething , especially you because you could do their job better with ... i agree , my tats are for my personal reasons not for neone else to admire . if someone does admire it i like it though , and if someone inquires the reason i am happy to share it with them . my ... she was very understanding of me and my faults and recognized my potential . also there was just a feeling of this is right and it was very hard to ignore . after a period of time ( about a year ) i ... where do i buy this ? : laughing : by observing the person interacting with other people i can get a feel for whether or not i would benefit from knowing them more in depth . i love to people watch ! i also like to find out if my ... not even a meaningful quote or your mantra or a humbling life lesson or a symbolic image of a major defining point in your life ? i can understand why people would not want a tattoo and would rather ... we are intj's of course it is accurate , and no i won't change my mind about their inadequacies wrestling , football , track in order of interest and skill . funny how i like the one i was best at the most , the others were just to pass the time really , i wasn't dedicated to them like i was ... you seek information about people not by asking but by observing them then make assumptions about who they are . so true , so true lol at you bethdeth , i don't really lose my wallet but i do run out of gas on about a quarterly basis . when i am driving i turn off the radio and it is my processing the day time . thank goodness for ... i have two tatoos . one on my inner bicep where no one sees it and another one on my hip where no one sees but my wife . the one on my arm is a mixture of my two favorite bands from my youth as a type ... well i forgot to mention that my new years resolution was to not be in a committed relationship for two years , didn't go as planned but you can't plan to meet that person who loves you for who you ... wow , that story is grim and comical at the same time ... um ... i'm stumped you need a cabana boy who's only opine is sharing the same one you have - _ - i don't think you would have this issue with an intj male , i break down the rationale and logic for my wife all the time . i bet that if you helped the man in question analyze his situation he would ... well ... as an intj i can tell you how i reacted to divorce . take into account that i was in the military and deployed so things can escalate more when you can't talk to the person to analyze the ... women , logic ? this is foriegn in my experience , my experience is that women are devoid of logical reasoning . my wife feels way too much what she should do while i sit back and second guess my ... '