' modern feminism & the social justice warriors : the result of western permissiveness and destruction of the family . you end up raising people that have no concept of respect , empathy or compassion ... 41 asian american living in asia the last 23 years graphics & digital / web designer , photographer , digital marketing manager . <- how i make my career / cash my core base is painting . <-- ... some people get really offended if you imply they haven't thought it through . when that happens , you already know they haven't . so framing it as it depends is a nice way to have a contructive , ... oh god and i remember also when they copied shamans over for both sides . at that time , there was a lot of hooha over how supremely overpowered their ability to outright kill was . i was on my ... i'm intp and my main hobby is gaming , among other very time consuming hobbies . i started playing pong and galaga type games and even programmed ' choose your own adventure rpgs ' in basic . my all ... i understand where you're coming from actually and it does make sense but i still hold that our core still drives us , even if not consciously . we might , at this moment , be something else due to ... last night ? i don't know . i was awake until 9 am reading up on some things . but i do have a theme that is recurring throughout my life . i dream of fighting an all out war as a soldier against an ... freebeer is correct . once real romantic feelings develop , that friendship is toast . burnt toast . you either risk losing her or never knowing and then turning emo and risk further damaging your ... i'm south east asian from a strict asian mom . my dad is caucasian from england and a university director & professor . grew up in the states ( texas then california ) but i've spent most of my life back ... i'm intp level 10 i am a designer / advertising / marketing by profession ( web / interactive , graphics for the design side ) . my base was fine arts / painting . i studied environmental design and ... that's an assumption that thinkers haven't figured it out yet . i figured it out as soon as i got the answer . i also figured out that for many people , this test isn't going to be valid 10 months to 3 ... you should almost always tell your boss if you have any condition , physical or psychological , that may impact your work . unless you're unlucky enough to have a complete tool for a boss , most bosses ... i've stopped watching news . for the most part , they've turned into entertainment pieces . i always , always read from multiple sources and multiple viewpoints before deciding if what that piece of news ... welcome and you bring up some good points . people do change , however , i think the base personality does not . it still guides and directs us throughout our life . what we can do is build up other ... i'm going to have to agree with this . i can see people being altruistic . doing something for someone for no gains . i guess one could always say , well , they feel good about themselves - that's a gain ... do people really want to be an n ? i think it's more likely that most people do have an intuitive side to them but i also think it trends towards weak to mild . when i took the mb test , i ... wow i came in here thinking this was going to be an interesting post then within 3 seconds realised op is either very confused or is just trolling . i think the topic is really quite interesting but ... wow that's a tough one . one of my oldest & best friend is an infp & i don't think i know any technique that i can troll him with without causing serious stress & emotional harm . books are books . i don't ascribe to reading just anything ; read what interests you . read what your mind / heart guides you to read . my bookcase is a mishmash of the damndest things . fantasy novels , ... i like the day but i prefer the peace of night . my phone is silent , my email silent , my wife's sleeping , i have all the time in the world to focus on the things i want to focus on without distraction . i'm extremely easy going . during my teens & 20 ' s a lot of people took advantage of that . i still didn't mind then but i do now . one of the worst ways this has been detrimental to me is people who ... as i've never really gone through or understood the need to feel stress or pressured about anything , maybe i can give an example that might help more than advice . when i get into an emotional funk ... i'm above average , usually have acute awareness of my physicality & my surroundings , which doesn't really seem to fit my intp type . i tested very high on self preservation so that might have ... perhaps . that's the most logical way of looking at it , but i will give an overused example . persona a loves person b . like how i love what few friends i do have & wish them all the best life can ... i think it's very important to not instantly close off exploring things that don't make rational sense . i was raised a buddhist & went to catholic school most of my life ; so i know the bible quite ... my wife of 9 years is estp . i'm intp . we married 1.5 years after dating . took her 6 weeks or so before her stuff started appearing at my place when we started dating . i intended to marry her but at ... math . i'm terrible at it . i can't grasp / understand it at a conscious level ; even simple equations like 150 + 120 takes me some time to figure it out . i can't order that in my mind but i can grasp other ... 1 . we knows he lies but he doesn't always lie 2 . his nose grows if he lies but since it hasn't grown yet he isn't lying 3 . between now and 15 seconds , he might spout a lie inducing a nose grow ... i'm not sure what is meant by capitalist drone tbh . if you're living in a capitalist society , you're most likely a capitalist in some form or another . at the very least , likely , a part of the system ... i had a friend born on may 18th while i was born may 15th , both in the same year . he argued that he was older than me . i tried to tell him i was 3 days older but he insisted he was older because ... can't relate but i can see how it could be for some people . personally i'm able to completely separate sex from emotion . quite easily really . just switch off the emotion bit . i can separate it or i ... the grocery store , although you've gotta be quick . my idea of shopping is like an episode of supermarket sweep . lol i'm like that as well although i personally like shopping a lot . i just happen ... i'm a designer so i don't think you'll be able to differentiate me from another designer in terms of same classification of look . that means i dress very simply , usually in t-shirts & jeans . ... this feels a little like an aa introduction & a little uncomfortable . to be honest i don't even know how long i'll even be here as i'm already stretched quite thin across various communities of all ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . moved out & living in a different country entirely . i'm from san francisco . living & working in singapore since i was 20 ( 39 now ) . 2 . ) 40 year ... he may or may not hint in his own ways - and this will be different for the individual . look for signs of things being out of the ordinary . things he says or does that don't quite seem to fit the ... my own inability to grasp certain things and other people's incompetence . i don't even care about stupidity . i judge based only on competency , which i apply to myself in everything i do , say or ... possibly , but the effect it has , at least in the modern world , is the opposite . a woman with well done make-up & personal grooming / care will nearly always stand out more positively than one without ... stupid is relative . i'm sure to someone else , that person could look quite rational and thoughtful . unfortunately put up against someone who generally exercises more critical thought , that same ... '