' same , especially when i'll never see them again ! :P this feels very similar to my current predicament ( i love your signature by the way , very true ) . i think we need to be okay with letting people in but not necessarily spill our guts to everyone ... holy crap ! yes ! yes ! this is it ! everything you just said makes perfect sense . ! ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! this is the exact reason i love literature because it does this to a t . i feel meaning before i can ... well , i think what i mean by it is you don't feel what i feel . that's not to say that other people don't feel much more than i do or that they've never felt what i've felt , it just means that they ... what i feel : it may seem that way in certain instances , but you can learn from anyone and anyone can learn from you . i try to resist statements like people are idiots because then it justifies not ... still discovering , but if i ever stopped discovering , i think i'd feel defeated . follow what you want right now and see where it takes you , the purpose is always changing :P . maybe when i look back ... man , this chat ran off without me ... what did i miss ? : wink : that's right , mother knows best : wink :: laughing : ( and what's a covfefe ... ? haha ) 712034 you don't have to tell me ... i'm ready to be out of this nightmare : confused : yeah ... it looks like you're a wolf in sheep's clothing . and i don't know how i feel about long-term potential as if he's not already a decent human being ... i'm still keeping an eye out : tongue : littledreamer just looking out for my cub : wink : ... and you're not wearing that , go change . i want to see covered collarbones ! ! : tongue : let down your hair ! don't talk with your eyes too much or you'll drive her off that mountain road ... and bigjake better stand for big-time gentlemanjake ! picked at face : crying : this is my favorite of yours : tongue : this reminds me of a song my mom made up : run away , run away , life's okay in my mind hahaha what constitutes a shy grin ? : laughing : i'd call mine a smilet ( small smile ) . shakespeare made this term up but it never caught on haha yeah , i guess you're right ... i hate embarrassing myself , but i can control my own emotions ( for the most part ) . if it's someone else's , it just makes things awkward and uncomfortable because i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WOFLpmDbIs this pretty much sums it up haha i don't know what i was expecting , but this is my favorite thread : laughing : unfortunately , i'm still like that ... you remember my elaborate crush thread : unsure : ( and i'm pretty sure he found it or something because he suddenly disappeared from existence : shocked : . if i'm ... i guess i'm a space bxtch then : laughing : ( older female dog hahaha ) cool ! i'll take a listen then : kitteh : awe , you're a baby :P . but don't flirt like this in college , you hear me ? ! i'm not letting my little dreamer be fresh meat ! * mama bear growling * wait , how old are you dreamer ? ? : shocked : two words : wow and amen : wink : i'm obsessed with your taste and insights ! ( sorry for the big chunk of quotations , but i wasn't sure how to do what you did haha . i'll reply to each with a paragraph ) . i've never heard of cloud ... : laughing : thanks , but no : stranger danger : shocked : i'm a little paranoid haha thanks for the compliments though ! if i see you on the karaoke thread , i'll take a listen : kitteh : i just saw this ! haha oh geez , people are still listening haha ... thanks though : tongue : : laughing : love it ! i'm remembering this one ! just post like normal : kitteh : but i can relate . i'm always worried i come off as dumb because i speak my heart rather than mind :P . well shxt , i was expecting some corny puns , not this ! : confused :: blushed : i may not be a photographer , but i can picture us together : wink : and a poem : ~ roses are red , violets are fun , and ... so do infp and entj : wink : i thought my preferred type would be like this , but i guess i'd rather be scattered and emotional by the end of the day hahaha wow , this was interesting ! i was surprised by my preferred type , because i wish i was more organized and rational haha ( but then again , i love my fi and ne ) . but i didn't need a quiz to tell me i ... what i've quoted were the parts i agreed with most . i'm similar on metaphor , obsessed with it , but it has to be done right . there is nothing i hate more than too obvious of a metaphor , and what i ... sorry to hear that :/ but i kind of understand . my dad and i are very close , but he's not a talker . i have to get him in the right mood or on the right subject if we're going to be really chatty ... i like how the votes are across the board :) . my parents are istj ( dad ) and e / infp ( mom ) . my mom is probably infp , but i'm way more introverted . my sister is isfj . well heck , i need to read farenheit 451 then :P . what do you think makes for good literature aside from good writing ? i think this is an excellent question . usually how i distinguish classic literature from what's popular is based on the ... i think ti is my lowest function haha it's whatever :P . i'm pretty happy with how people view me in terms of gender , so i never feel like i have to fight for my right or anything . i will say that other girls from other backgrounds ... i don't really care honestly . the only thing i wish would happen is to have some more winters in my life . if we're all going to die because of climate , i don't think we could prevent it . that ... this brings me back ... i'll start off with number 3 : everyone is a bad kisser in the beginning . it's just like playing an instrument for the first time : you're pressing notes but they're usually ... how did i miss this ? ! do you know how badly i want to do this , but can't ? most of the people i hang out with are because i can't say no : laughing : . man , that's sad ... most of my friends i ... haha yeah , personally i don't care either :P . everyone makes assumptions anyway so who am i to judge ? i mean if they were saying derogatory things directly to me , i'd defend myself if i thought i ... arachnophobia farce '