' what , someone remembers me ? ! : o if you were with a group of people you didn't know very well and one person said something you didn't agree with , would you ignore it and pretend they didn't say it or would you stand up for what you ... i consider intjs to be perceiving types . intjs dominant function is ni , which is a perceiving function . keep that in mind . my apologies on the singing front . regardless , i see little intuition in your posts . i am a sensor and i like discussing theoretical topics and reading fiction books . sensors don't have an absence of ... no . it is 3 likely types , you are not all three . i don't think infj , large lack of content in your answers . this makes me think you use fi . fi being so sure of themselves . realistically , there are things that everyone can change to become ... erlian such a simple question , but hard to know for sure . i think i am more realistic , but i am also idealistic in ways . in terms of my relationship right now , there are many problems . we aren't ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? well , i am not sure if i am an extrovert or introvert . i seem to be an introvert , i am pretty reserved and quiet in many ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the types are all starting to meld together in my head and i cannot distinguish what type anyone would be , there are too many ... i write ultra long posts and many would say im a sefi . sent from my sgh-t 989d using tapatalk how can you conclude there is lots of ti and no fi ? i would love if you could provide concrete examples , because i see little showing that but perhaps i am overlooking things . op ; which of these ... i thought i saw fi in there .. being afraid of your incompetence and having such strong feelings about siding with the enemy or negative force . idk though .. i agree with the ne .. so probably infp or ... i could care less about sports .. if the game is interesting it can be neat to watch the techniques of the players .. sometimes if you're around people who care a lot about it you can become influenced ... i'm not 100 % sure i am an estp .. but i was first typed as entp , then intp , then isfp , then istp , then esfp .. finally settled with estp . the ti in istp seemed right and the se in esfp seemed right .. ... but if i am a esfp and my boyfriend is a istj ( istp ) , shouldn't our personalities work really well together ? like , theoretically ideal personalities together ? i've been reading through wiki ... honestly , i immediately assumed that it was based on him wanting more time alone with his friends . it seems like a case of , his friends are actually starting to show initiative to seeing him ( for the ... before the relationship i had basically no friends . i went to work 5-6 days a week for 8.5 hour shifts and i would go home .. cook dinner , maybe read a book or something and cuddle my cat . i never ... i definately can relate to it being a drug addiction .. last night after spending a night apart he was exceptionally affectionate . when i first got to his place his friends were all over and he wasn't ... i think i probably allow him to act that way because i don't really expect to be treated very well . all my past relationships were abusive to a degree and i think i might cause that kind of ... i dont completely understand why i react so strongly to him . i know he is quite judgemental of others and i guess i worry that he thinks as lowly about me as he thinks of others . i am pretty ... i thought i was istp , but i am starting to think isfp is more fitting .. i have been in my first real relationship for about 3 months now . things started fantastically , but i now find myself ... haha you basically explained why i enjoy my job exactly . it is ridiculously easy to keep customers happy and we all know it feels good to make people happy . it's exactly as b nobody said , the work ... i completely agree . my istj isn't the type to control others , but to secretly judge them instead . i like how the lips are forced up into an unnatural position . looks sexy . oh man , do i ever love sleep . i'm the 8-10 hours a night type of gal . since i've been living with my boyfriend i tend to get more like 5-7 hours a night , but it's okay . i don't really nap , cause ... so , is the way that the systems are different just in the way the functions are described ? it seems that looking at the way you think is how to determine your type . i mean , i can easily see ti and ... thanks for the tip . i know about the functions , i know we don't use any of the same . i also know , that on the surface me and my boyfriend are very similar . different functions or not . yeah , i ... communication purposes play into relationships / dating . i didn't do it out of love , i was very uncomfortable and i didn't have the balls to say no at the time . i had sex with him 6 times during our 2 month relationship and every time it was a case ... my boyfriend is an istj , and i can say he sounds similar to your ex . he isn't as extreme as yours seemed to be , but i would say your ex was most likely an istj . understandable opinion . the thing is , i could see it working between the two of us because of how similar we are in ways . the only complaint i have is his negativity and i can usually play it off ... he is specifically writing an essay about why he doesn't like tattoos and how having tattoos make him feel about people ( all negative emotions ) . nothing in particular about me . i don't want to ... i've been dating a istj for two months now , and initially we seemed perfect together .. dat mutual ist . we related on so many levels and i actually thought we had the same personality type for a ... could you explain this a little better ? i don't think i understand . are the functions not the same in the two systems ? do you only look at the functions in one system and disregard the other ? i'm ... isn't istp in socionics istj in mbti ? isn't that a completely different type ? probably a bit ... i like cuddles and like physical intimacy . i don't need someone telling me all about their feels . i want to feel that someone loves me , i don't need to hear it . personally , when ... what did i just read . lmao thanks a lot , that fucking song is stuck in my head now . i don't often get emotional , usually only when my hormones are out of whack . usually , unless something happens right before my period i don't get emotional at all . if something happens around that ... not really . to be honest , we got in a different fight last night and talked that out and adding another unnecessary element seemed like a bad idea . i understand why he is writing the essay and why he ... i was / am slightly worried that it was a indicator of something deeper .. he does seem to have some sort of inferiority complex , but he is seemingly the most sweet and kind boy i have ever been with ... 22 and university that is pretty much what i was thinking . i didn't care previously about the fact that he doesn't fancy tattoos , considering he still loves me just the same . i understand the reasoning behind him ... yes , i realize it should be you're , but i couldn't put a longer title . this is my current predicament . i really don't know how i feel about this but it makes me wonder what he thinks of me . i ... bump again .. bump i think i stick out my tongue when i stumble on words .. i like sticking me tongue out at people to like tease them though . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i find them interesting , i enjoy playing with the ideas . do i believe them to be fact ? no . do i think some of them are very likely ? yes . do i think i can judge the truth ? no . my mom jokingly says this to my father , and her husband of 25 years .. '