' hi all , i'm sorry i've been absent for awhile . in fact to those among you who i speak with personally ... i've been a terrible friend these last few months and for that i am truly sorry . i was ... in terms of politics : enfp = lefty revolutionary enfj = benevolent dictator enfp's are extremely concerned with the individual and aren't afraid to tell you about it or to tell you to fuck ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0&feature=relmfu omfg and ... repeat . the other music videos are amaaazing as well . married one ... didn't work out haha . she's super cool but always had to be alpha ... when someone tries to make me their bitch i have to be alpha . it didn't go well . lol now you're just buttering us up . whatever i may be i just do what i feel - unless i'm forced to be corporate ... but really even then i have a hard time keeping my thoughts inside haha . i had a ... do you have a plan ? without a plan it's only a wish my friend . without a timeline a plan is only a dream . shouldn't there be a question about age in there as well ? a lot of people here are just too young to have finished highschool and there probably is a strong selection bias by age / type for ... oh man ... probably clerical work - organizing things , making lists , shuffling paper around . ugh . great thanks .. now i'm gonna have nightmares tonight . thanks a lot buddy ! bah your fi is not my fi . - you identify more with collectivism than individualism - you are most comfortable in hierarchical structures i identify more with collectivism because i care ... 47279 well i can speak to the first one ... and it's not the cotton socks . people often say that enfps are very supportive . well my friend in order to be supportive you have to be supported ! ... hahahah + 1 . anyone who says they haven't practiced their how you doin ? is a liar and probably does a terrible how you doin ? wool or cotton ? oh so glad you asked ... wool hands down . it maintains it's shape over time , breathes in the summer , is surprisingly warm in the winter , silghtly water repellent , better for the ... i don't feel that i connect with almost anyone but i'm always looking . i can read emotions like a book from across the room . i always know who likes who , who hates who , how people feel about what ... bwahahaha i don't give a damn . and frankly it kinda has to start with some pda if you're going to get someone to a room with you ;) i guess i could try the excuse me miss but i think you're ... ugh i'm sorry pink . i had that problem with my entp - she always needed to be the center of attention and got really angry when she wasn't . after so many years she actually started saying that i ... emotionally yes . i also generally more enjoy the company of women in small groups and men in large groups . i like to talk about my feelings . hmmm i'm also a damn good cook . i like taking a girl ... 47270 under something like this : 47272 gotta rock the funky socks ;) + 1 lol . i bring my tablet to do some writing . sometimes i don't really want to talk to anyone i just like the energy of a crowd haha . i sometimes stop into this one bar on the way home , eat dinner , ... thank you very much :) i have to remind myself of this sometimes as well haha . i really do think it's just as simple as saying charrrgggeee ! well there you go haha . you decided you wanted something , figured out what you needed to do , and you just did what needed to be done . life really is that simple i think :) fear , depression , ... personally i think it's better to be subtle unless you're stalking a shy guy who just will never make a move . little touches , complimenting mundane things like his glasses , holding eye contact a ... makes sense and yeah i think that does have a lot to do with it . i realized by way of what i really wanted and was not getting that i might just not be compatible with anyone on the other side of ... please don't be offended if i think that's adorable :) well it sounds like you have one strategy that helped you to initiate positive behavior . for my part all of the stuff i was ranting ... haha well i think that most of us still gush uncontrollably . it's very difficult not to when i like someone . as a man it's easier because i can just ask a woman out without any associated taboos . ... danatwork - youtube some random shiz on there but quite a bit of trance hahahaahahaha :) bro-hug ! lol yeah i'm spending my life looking for those connections . they're so ... omfg lulz hahahahahaah good to see you kod hahahahahahaahah hahah yolo indeed . i think that the concept of personality incest maybe what turns people from the concept . like if you're attracted to people who are definitively like you you're being a ... haha yeah that's what i've been finding . so i was with an entp for many years and we made fantastic adventure partners . and i easily fell into using my te and fi to become the person that our ... oh god yeah when i was a kid and getting in trouble a lot a string of counselors / therapists told me to not try to think through my emotions so much ... um ... ok i'm feeling you asked me to explain ... battlestar gallactica ( best tv ever in history ) how i met your mother star trek deep space nine bones breaking bad parenthood farscape - - - ( shit i watch from my pc more often than any of the ... thanks naughty ! it's great to see you ! i only stay away because i love you guys too much haha . it was getting in the way of me reinventing my ish . it does make sense hehe . i've actually become instant extremely good friends with an enfp 8 recently and we are way too similar to have long term viability . out of all of the people that i've met ... so those of you who have been around awhile and have better memory than me may remember that i said i wanted to date nf's ... so that's what i've been doing haha . they're not the most common people ... get so full of wonder , love , and amazement that i feel like popping ... i want desperately to share this with everyone but often can't manage to haha . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvSgLHWR16o&feature=player_detailpage regarding the initial post - don't process too much man . just roll with the good . seriously . otherwise you'll get stuck in that am i being my authentic self ? ! ? ! ? ! ish . the answer to that ... yeah i agree - though i think it's more of the women's preconceptions if i may be so bold . it's not so hard for me i think because i'm a bit of a cocky 8 most days haha . most women don't see the ... 47104 this is what i look like when i recently did something rotten ... not sure what that was hahahaha . mmm i'll start by saying this : i was married for 11 years but was a total dog from the age of 13 before that up through 22 . i'm back into dating now for the last few months and haven't had trouble ... haha oh man i've been gone a few months but i see that the enfp / intj love fests are still going strong lol . i know one confirmed intj who's dating a friend enfp of mine and they seem to get ... hi cher , i hope that this helps . i have been in many ruts though i've found what works for me after 33 years of this and that .   ... i solve problems through brainstorming , unless i've encountered something similar before . i do tend to make things more complicated up front , but i tend to find the optimal solution . i have ... get baked and dance to dubstep with my dog ... little furry bastard's got moves son . :) some great responses in here . i hope that these two suggestions might be helpful : 1 ) try talking to someone about the subject matter . as an extrovert i derive energy and motivation from ... hi all :) i've been missing some of you folks but had to stay away for awhile because perc tends to keep me up late and gets me saying weird shit to people irl . this ran contrary to what i ... about her ? mmmm maybe she's giving you a cautionary tale ? i don't tend to bring other people's embarassing moments up , but i make a lot of jokes about my own ! i like the cheese choice hehe . but i would also like to submit : the all the crap in the fridge stew . among my close friends i am known for being able to make a delicious meal out of anything .   ... well there's philosophically ignorant and then there's subject matter ignorant heh . it's the philosophically ignorant that i get really pissed off about . i agree with you , however i cannot always be ... both posts are true for me as well . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grxL5umOE6g&feature=related '