, that is exactly how i feel in a way . just felt no help from family whatsoever in a social sense , so have to just work it out , or make random guesses on everything myself . it's just ... does anyone else have this problem - i feel like i wasn't , in any way , shape or form , raised socially . like whenever i look at other people , others can be more quiet , or they can be nice to me , but ... bump . bump i know a lot of people see xander as being an enfp . and i can see that , the reasons i see him as a judger is mostly because he seems to make solid judgments about other people . i see him as ... buffy - enfp xander - enfj willow - infp giles - intj oz - ixtp so you can publish for free but do you make money by publishing on amazon ? as in , do you charge others to buy your book ? what about christiana agularia ? esfp ? thanks , nice answer . ;) in your impression or mind , do people ever choose to be an intuitive or a sensor or is it really just how there mind works ? i feel like to be a thinker or feeler / extrovert or introvert is ... i'm 21 . so i ' should ' be out now . yes activities connected to my establishment are probably better . i'm so glad other infp's feel the same though ! since i feel so outcasted sometimes not wanting ... yes ! i'm the same lothweneriniel . the few times i've been i always seem to retreat to the bathroom many times , even if i don't need it ! it's like , a way to get away from the chaos for a few moments ... how often do you infp's attend clubs , as in nightclubs , do you ever go or if not , why not ? i'm one of those people who feel like i should go out to clubs a bit more , or try to have fun , since i'm ... this . although i would argue she is kind of like an enfj / esfj . although most esfj females are pretty girly and feminine , she's more badass . i mean there's different ways of being a sensor , some ... any person who can twerk like miley 24/7 has got to be an esfp ! ! you should date people , not letters . but yes , it is said to be true that people that share the same core functions as you s / n and f / t but of opposite extroversion and judging functions will make a ... aladdin , because i get to be a prince , live in a palace and go on cool adventures ! ! belle infp and beast intj ? ? i feel like at the end of the film he comes out of his shell , loosens up and becomes a enfj . i believe he becomes the leader of the castle and no longer brooding . i think ... sort of past the christmas thing now , but yeah , the reasoning wasn't in-depth . i heard very good reasoning for isfj once , but i cannot remember . he might be an esfj . i think we don't know whether he ... you know what , depression is a constant struggle everyday , to not let yourself feel bad about yourself , or to not let yourself go into a downward spiral . sometimes it is chemical , meaning it's a ... in my experience infj's can come across as more snobby than infp's , because they are a little more stuck to their own thoughts and values . infp's are kind of more fluid so will go along with someone ... saint nicholas , santa claus , father christmas , kris kringle , getting festive , what do you believe santa claus ' personality type to be . i've heard him typed as an isfj , which i believe is most ... enfj's are probably the least geeky en . but i have known some geeky enfj's . they're normally ones who aren't conventionally attractive and are more ' geek-chic ' in a cool way , as apposed to the ... enxx are dorks . but they make it very obvious to all that they are geeks and are considered ' alternative ' or ' geek chic ' rather than nerdy . i feel like introverted intuitives are definitely classed ... i think i've found it . a little . like an enfp is more likely to smile than an enfj and a isfp is more likely to smile than an isfj . doesn't mean these types don't smile , it's just perceievers might ... in my opinion esfj is the best type for an isfp . but that's just me ... if you had to , what would you say you use or in general how to you determine personality type / temperament / outlook outside of using the myers briggs indicator ? or another question , what did you ... have you ever needed extra support either in school / college / uni or the workplace ? meaning have you ever had anyone there to guide you if you slip up or don't quite put things together the way ... is there absolutely any truth to the idea that is someone is is orderly , ordered , structural , routinized , neat , time conscious , planned , closed ended , etc , etc they are a judger and if they are more ... yeah , good advice everyone , thanks . :) yeah , i think she might be an isfp in my opinion . i don't think she's manipulating people at-all and while i agree that normally extroverts have tremendous hollywood success and do many big movies / ... for instance , if you're in a little of a slump . your're tired , things have not always been going right , you have money trouble , how do you get into the mood to go out , to enjoy yourself and just ... esfp . istp with the persona of an esfj . now this is a tricky one . but i will attempt to type all the disney villains in order of appearance . evil queen - intj . she is lonely , on her own , she is highly strategical in my opinion , although ... type most likely to talk on-and-on about a subject they find particularily interesting = enxp type most likely to want other people around them constantly = esxj type most likely to talk to ... no , no it's not that i have a problem seeing you as an enfj , it's just you were an isfp for so long , then i believed you changed to an esfp . but i guess it makes sense if you started to understand ... isfp . and just a quick question on you reckless summer nights . you seem to have gone from being an isfp to being an enfj . why is this ? you have done a feeler 360 degrees lol . how was your day and ... what's the meaning of life ? intj who acts like an istj , possibly due to how he was brought up . maria ' sugar ' sweet nicknamed sugar i typed as an estp , from the british tv show sugar rush . also lois on smallville , i think she is an entp , but still , an extp female , right ? lara croft is ... buffy - enfp . willow - infp . ( changes throughout the series though . ) xander - enfj spike - esfp ( for a vampire , estp if he were a human with that personality ) drusilla - infp ( again , for a ... pretty manly , in my opinion . have some chest hair and can take out big spiders all on my own . : tongue : mmm , probably enf women . i think all infps are supposed to be drawn to other intuitives ... for me , feelings are hurt quite quickly . i can distinguish whether someone is just joking or not pretty easily , but it is hard to not to feel slighted when something is said that is very cold or if ... everyone has a silly switch ... somewhere . infp's just ... keep it to themselves more than enfp's . i actually think that entj's are one of the most dangerous types . just because they are often the most powerful types . while the estp will just punch you out by him / herself if you're out of order , ... that's cool if teresa palmer is an enfj , since i typed her as an enfp , which is pretty close ! ! someone did a thread on the best liars and i was wondering , who is the best secret keeper and who is the worst secret keeper ? i actually genuinely think that infj's are terrible secret keepers , ... now this might be a little controversial ( make that a lot controversial ) , but i wonder what type might live the longest . i know technically speaking anyone can live long if they stay healthy and ... what with the release of man of steel not too long ago i thought we might as well type the leading actors henry cavill and amy adams . what do you think ? there are many , many video interviews out ...