it burns ! ! haha http://personalitycafe.com/mafia/701778-mafia-open-iii-big-hero-6-signups.html go here you're right . not sure why i didn't think of that before hahah bahahah omg that avatar . i love it . hmmm ... well let's see ... you like science and art ... you don't have to lol . what picture are you thinking for an avatar ? you can change it in settings you should probs choose an avatar hi ! this is obvi my username i've known my infp husband for about 8 years . we've been together for 5 years , and married for 1 year . we are in a very happy and healthy relationship . :) we bought our first house together and are ... i'm married to an infp , so i'll offer this bit of info . from my personal experience : when it comes to relationships , i'm very old fashioned in that i love the man to ask me out and make the first ... my husband is an infp . from a biased point of view , i agree that infp is an excellent fit . :P welcome ! welcome ! ! welcome ! ! :) i own a chumbawumba album ... haha $ 300 sneakers ... lol creative , outcast , strong minded characters such as holden caufield . welcome ! ! :) i've always identified myself with belle from beauty and the beast ! i function better in social settings . i work better in groups when i am able to bounce my ideas around , get feedback , and socialize . i'm happier around people . i do enjoy alone time , but too much ... my husband is infp . we get along so well , but we do have our differences . lol welcome ! ! :) welcome ! ! ! :) welcome ! i'm enfj as well . :) welcome ! ! :) welcome ! ! :) ( deleted ) ( deleted ) ( deleted ) ( deleted ) i've been so curious about my enneagram type since i learned it existed lol . if possible , could someone help me figure it out ? i don't know anything about what the numbers mean , so explanations would ... thanks ! ! ! :) enfj / infp : volume 2 - parenting . hahaha . he is adorable and he tries so hard lol . it's very endearing , even if annoying at times . :P lol money is the hardest , i think , for us to come to terms with . he is very idealistic in his thinking . he believes as long as we have love , money means nothing . while i do believe love is more important ... i'm a teacher in new england ( to give context since education varies all over the place ) . i teacher high school english . i hate common core . i know it for purposes of educational politics . schools ... as a high school teacher , i have very strong beliefs on this subject . testing students is meaningless ... unless you're testing skills in hacking a system . it does not measure what is learned in ... i haven't read every post , but the title intrigued me . i just recently got involved with this forum a few months ago , and at that time , i discovered my mbti . i had my husband figure his out , too . i'm ... wontly has it right ! hahah i haven't read the thread , but i agree with any and all who do not like taylor swift . her lyrics , her voice , her melody ... it's pain to my ears . cue 5c tortured me so bad in ...