blocklos it makes me giggle every time i find the fluffy kindness deep in an intj , i love your type . thanks , as cliche as it is , the idea of checklists to organize my life never entered my mind . ... this is more aimed at self-exploration and discrepancy in type explanation . i've always tested as a strong infp . science / math back story i have always loved science and math , they were my ... that was the most amazing thing ive read in a while , im still gasping for air : crazy : . yes i am really sexual when people get to know me and i cant say i would kick someone out of the bed for ... for basic information : my mom is an estj and my sister is a extj . i raised my sister ( not just babysat ) and my mom has been not such a great mother ... at all ... ever , but she tried / tries . i was ... im the only person that matters ! oh , im being a narcissist , well screw you to random person : bitch stop crying i dont want to hear all that just because your dog died does not mean u can be asking for my help . now do my f-ing homework ! ! ! how on earth can people be cruel ... the main character from one of my favorite anime : fooly cooly . it has a slight variation in prenunciation tho 1 . sometimes i lay in bed and imagine that if i died that no one in my life would care except my mom and my sister . i know this wouldnt be true but i always try to nock myself down a peg or two 2 ... when you can close your eyes and feel it intertwining with your spirit and can see a place where both the object and yourself are conected in every way . for a set amount of years , from the ages of 9 to 15 , i was horribly depressed and suicidal . my mom and her evil boyfriend at the time were the root causes . i use to be afraid of the kitchen knife set ... i disagree i think we are far too self-depricating to scream at someone for giving us dirty looks i think a good movie series is the donald strachey mystery series . its not horribly action based and it has some tasteful romance scenes ( fyi the main character is in a long term relationship with ... my mom dated a pathological liar for a big part of my life , he was a horrible person who i detest . even with all the stuff previously and what will be posted , the majority of people wont even care . i wish people would stop being so ignorant and self involved and have their own personality , but we ... these are mine to contribute , the green one is just a quick sketch i tend to switch between my normal infp self and trying to look at it logically and objective . from there i try to find the best choice possible . fyi - basically i talk to my self as me and my ... i agree , and will also state that im as big of a goody goody as the rest of you , but with the stereotypical infp childhood , i have come to understand my emotions really well ... to the point of ... i wish we didnt have to sleep and the act of thinking all night long rejuvinated us biologically . the ying-yang sign celtic symbols greek gods , espeacially hephaestus intricate but well defined and contrasted patterns they will either feel really awkward or want to stay lached on ive made it this far and survived , i say bring it on life , bring it on i can write short stories and poems really well , and i can also draw really well but i lean toward abstract and non-objective types of art . i couldnt paint to save my life , it brings the child out of ... generally i show my happier emotions strongly , while hiding the others . this tends to make people think i'm never serious and a super happy person , and i hate that image but its better than appearing ... astronaught - i always wanted to experience not being on earth is it just me or do domineering , bossy , self-entitled people bring out the assertiveness in infps youtube - phoebe wedding friends hilarius pissed when my esxj mother goes form talking about everything in such detail i want to put a pile driver through my head and connecting me fixing dinner with how horrible people at work treat her , ... some of the floors are the never ending mirror windows also some of this kind of art julian beever's pavement drawings i feel horrible for ignoring them but i tend to go off and do stuff and totally forget about the conversation , i go into super alert freak out mode everytime i do it seriously the only good way to get rid of depression or anxiety is talk to a counselor or psychologist to try and rid ur self of these ailments my friends are always mad at me because i never respond to text messages , phone calls , chats , or forum threads ; its not that im ignoring them , i just forget or have nothing else to say : unsure :: sad : ... usually when i get i angry , its at myself . most people are incapable of pissing me off , but if they actually do i get really tense and and stern ( which deffinately freaks out people who know me ) i hate people touching me , espeacially the more bossy personalities but i will be physically affectionate toward people i trust who get touchy feely themselves when i laugh i snort really loud in a long chain of snorts jump off of a really tall building out in the middle of no where because im deathly afraid of heights but i wouldnt want to be near a place a child could see me dorky people , defined noses ( how it looks ) , awkward laughs , hold themselves strongly but not authoritively , green eyes willow - buffy the vampire slayer ( i think ) emperor peony - tales of the abyss i'm still in high school but so far its been odd . freshman year i was heavily depressed all the time , i ignored everyone but people still flocked to me as they do now , usually dorks , emos , and ... i love listening to dance , heavy metal , and r & b the best out of all music types , but i listen to everything new , old , domestic , foreign 4 the first one thinks about how artistic the squigley ones look in comparison to the old kind the second one climbs up to the bulb but trips and knocks the bulb out of the light socket , ... when i was a little kid , and now , i played alot of video games , specifically rpg's . i always wondered if all existance was like a video game , where i was a moveable person who thought i could choose ... i dont know if this is a infp thing or not but i like to listen to music alot . not only am i listening to music though , i am also walking in circles or back and forth pondering different events that ... ... when you think tranporting could be done simply by punching through one reality that is parallel to this one with the exception of it being two feet shifted right and then punch back through to ... im the average infp with the exception of my abrasive sense of humor that goes between dark and morbid to odd sexual all the time i tend to be really obnoxious , abbrasive , and sexual ( but only if i know the person well enough to tell if they can handle it ) . also i am atheist hardcore , but i do respect all religions , espeacially ...