' same problem here . i cant get onto my original account that i made with facebook connect . http://personalitycafe.com/members/nath.html . it looks like someone sorted it out for bunker man , as his post ... happy :) i finally picked up my two new kittens today after waiting more than two months for them . i've seen every episode and i absolutely love the show . :) definitely my favourite on tv right now . walter bishop is the best tv character and fictional mad scientist ever . i love how the show is ... finished reading ender's game . now i'm moving on to the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . faeriegal 713 belua it sounds like some people might be staying up too late chatting : laughing : kids always find something obvious to point out . it's funny how something so irrational from childhood can make such a lasting impact . finally got a date set for when i can pick up my kittens , feb 12th . i feel like i've been waiting forever . :) first it was supposed to be the third week of january . then it became the first week ... glisten : it's not feminist to say that . it's just like the saying treat others the way you want to be treated . people might want to be accepted for one thing but they don't extend that ... i always did fine i'm school . i practically never did my homework . i didn't study for tests until the night before . i did assignments at the last minute . all that and i still got acceptable grades ... lol . awesome . we'd love to see a picture when you're finished :) really ? i didn't experience that at all when i was in university . many people sat alone or walked from place to place alone . some people are too worried about what other people think . it's just ... well at least your mom wasnt telling you to stop for any other reason . i don't think the past exists , nor does the future , only the present . time is probably relative , so maybe everyhing exists all at once , but from our perspective it seems different . the present just ... as humans and as a society we just like to make up a construct of things to do that are supposedly important and meaningful . in reality we live and we die and we end up in the ground and nothing ... i agree about the inspiration . inspiration makes you feel alive . if someone's life is fast paced because they're constantly inspired then i wouldn't suggest that there's any better way to live . i was ... just like i said though , i suggest only doing it if you're doing it for yourself . if you're doing it to shock someone else or make someone upset or to get a reaction then it might not be truly for ... i usually tell myself to wait 24 hrs before doing drastic things like that . if i still feel like it after that then i'll go for it . if you want to do it , do it for yourself . don't do it because you ... the only problem with the fast paced lifestyle is that you blink and then five years have gone by . i feel like always being busy or being forced to do things that keep you going can possibly ... i'm glad i stuck it out and finished high school and then went on to earn a university degree . i very much disliked the school environment . i don't agree with people who say that the negative aspects ... times of inspiration are natural highs for me . it's the times that you think of a great idea for a book or for what direction to take your story . it might just be when you're inspired to do something ... common nickname for nathan . i prefer it to ' nate ' . only problem is that people often read in a way that rhymes with the word ' math ' instead of pronouncing it nayth feeling like i need a massage from a registered massage therapist . the only problem is that i'm too shy to ever get a massage and it would be way too awkward . lol the tron legacy soundtrack by daft punk . i keep listening to it over and over and over . i love soundtracks , but this one is especially good to listen to while reading science fiction . a mix between ... in my experience most people really only get the memo when the colors are either pink for females or blue for males . ender's game - orson scott card i've wanted to read it since i started high school but never got around to picking it up . talk about putting things off , lol . group work in college is usually a pain . usually if you ask a professor why they assign group work they'll give you a little explanation involving the term real world thrown into it a few times . i ... i seem to love the games that are mostly all in niche markets . i consider many them to be what firefly was to television , cult classics . - monkey island ( series ) - lucasarts classic adventures ... trust is always a risk . sometimes it's a risk worth taking . sounds like it's because he's not in tune yet with how you think . he might not even realize that you're seeing it that way . i wouldn't worry about it . i hate it when that happens . hope it gets sorted out . self portraits always look and feel so contrived to me . that being said lol , i just updated my avatar ... feeling like deleting my account on personality cafe . while i love the infps here i also feel like this place is like a bad dystopian society novel . am i even allowed to say this ? ugh ... this message has been erased this message has been erased i like the amethyst pendant inspired . i came up with a great idea for a story this morning after waking up in the middle of a dream . i just wish it were possible to prolong this feeling . it feels like my soul has found a new ... i can think of one , but apparently when i type the link into this forum it's replaced with * * * s . it seems like quite a few people from the infp forum have been hearing these disembodied voices lately . :P i think i'm pretty good at it . some might think that it's being too judgmental or that it's making too many assumptions but i like to think of it as having an running open hypothesis about people . i ... pardon me sir , but would you mind kindly * * * ing off ? honestly though , when i feel like i wish someone would just screw off i just block them out . i cant expect them to back off so i cut them off ... i would save them for the deep meaningful posts that take people a long time to write or for thread starters who get a good topic going . if the thanks i had on my profile were a currency i'd ... i feel similar to buddyhollyfan i think it's one of those things that i only have problems with when i think about it . something might cause me to be aware of it , like if they have a piercing ... philip i disagree . i think if anything someone would be more likely to have a good conversation on the internet , or even on the telephone . sure there are elements of the conversation that are ... people definitely say sorry more in canada . when i'm over in michigan and someone cuts in front of you while you're looking at a shelf in a store , they usually just give a kind of silent nod . that or ... there are a lot of beautiful women here , i agree with you on that , but it's not necessarily because of any photographs they may or may not have posted . when a bunch of guy friends all talk about how ... glisten what's your i to e rating ? are you almost e in the tests ? i think the introvert extrovert thing can be confusing . i personally don't think that being introverted means that you wouldn't enjoy ... i dont think i know any infps , thats why ive been coming to this forum so often since i found it . i'd consider myself a liberal but it doesnt mean i agree with every liberal viewpoint . im a dual citizen so i get to vote in two countries . in canada i've mostly voted locally for conservative ... i highly recommend everyone here reading one of the books my doctor recommended to me called the ultramind solution by dr mark hyman md . it's really a great book and looks at things in a way that ... i just don't like how doctors can quickly soft diagnose something like this based on what you say alone , without much actual physical testing of every kind . i have a family member who was put on ... '