' i just broke up with a male infp . in short ... no ! that's not a relationship i would ever consider doing again . infps are fine as friends , but partners ? no way ! i would have an amazing time listening to music with you . your taste is awesome ! 1 . the beatles 2 . the rolling stones 3 . fleetwood mac 4 . cher 5 . rupaul 6 . pink 7 . evanescence 8 . no doubt 9 . the beach boys 10 . joan jett and the blackhearts zoidberg is not a feeler in the slightest . if he was , fry would not have taught him how to fake love in why must i be a crustacean in love ? i'm basically both my parents inverted . dad is an istj , mom is an infj . i have my dad's function stack completely backwards , and the introversion and extroversion in my mother's stack is reversed ... mom is an infj . brother is an estp . you nailed them both . my father is an istj , and i absolutely adore him . he definitely has strong opinions , an equally strong yet black-and-white sense of what is right , and a strict adherence to the rules . hard work has ... i am naturally left-handed , but was forced into being a righty by a 1950 ' s dad . there's a reason why , when i took up fencing and explained this problem to the coach , he put me on lefty . honestly , ... enfp and gryffindor , on both pottermore and warner brother's studios . yes , it is time to go . the moment political titles are thrown about , any hope of conversation is cheapened . rest easy , and may your forever live in the denial of your warped perspectives . swede , let's leave this thread . thismustbetheplace seems to own this thread now , and i am not sure if it's a thread of which i want to be a part . scientiaomnises , may i suggest you leave with us ? ... you're very ignorant about welfare . it's extremely difficult to get . the state makes it purposefully difficult to discourage people from being welfare queens . i have dealt with welfare offices for ... again , school . i think child may start to be re-defined , especially if you're dealing with health insurance , which now lets you stay on your parents plan until you're 26 ( and trust me , if you need extra ... hey , as terrible as this sounds , there's a reason why i advocated lying , sneaking , and cheating to get the medical help she needs . part of why it went on for so long is because her mother refused to ... swede thank goodness i brought you to this thread . you're just the breath of fresh air and kindness balanced with reason that the op needs . op's trying to get into school . that at least an attempt at remedying the problem , you must acknowledge that . depending on the location , she can get the hell and gone away from her mother and develop ... being fed up with someone does not warrant years of ignoring a serious illness and / or alcoholism . no matter how angry one person becomes with another , the mother's level of behavior is inexcusable ... if you have a parent with depression , you're odds are 2-3 times greater that you will have depression too . mix those genes with the stress of living with your mother , and you've got one nasty ... honey , i feel your pain . my mother and i have been in the exact same position for a while now . only recently have i been able to find any job , and it's been about 7 months since i graduated . even ... i used to think that intjs were ideal for me , but as i get older , the more i find that it's not right for me at all . xntjs in general do not suit me because i place a lot of value on ethical ... istj ? no way . enfp , through and through . they seemed pretty spot-on to me , but i did some modification for the enfp section just because i am an enfp . :-P i'd totally take the 4 hour a week for $ 40k job . with that many free hours , i could easily make up the extra income with other jobs at similar pays and hours . add to it that i could throw more time ... xxtjs and infjs are the mot awful types for me to deal with . i have found the former either must be constantly manipulated to maintain good relations , or they try to manipulate me and i have to kick ... i'm a true blue enfp , so i can add to this . it's more than just wanting to accommodate others . we want to see , feel , experience , and know everything we can because we see tons and tons of ... please read my modifications to your list above . lemme give you a hand : esfp--very hard to put the breaks on them ; good luck trying to stop their momentum , energy , and speed ( think lorna morello ) entj--incredibly cold , and falls apart when ... three of my closest friends are infps , and i am in love with an infp . istj introvert ( 78 % ) sensing ( 75 % ) thinking (8 8 % ) judging ( 67 % ) you have strong preference of introversion over extraversion ( 78 % ) you have distinct preference of sensing over intuition ( 75 % ) you ... probably not , but we would serve an equally important role : caring for the troops who have returned home and acting as the guardians of those who were not fighting . should any nf want to fight ... welcome to the sisterhood of enfp ! wouldn't the lambs have to nurse for a little bit before they can eat grass ? if such is the case , just wait . the old one will die by the time the young ones are done nursing . if they frequently belittle you and cannot accept you as you are , if they refuse to change a very destructive flaw , if they isolate you from the people and places you love , ( obviously ) if they hit ... honestly , i wish people would consider dropping their sos more often . sometimes , it's more destructive to stay with someone out of duty , family , or obligation than it is to just leave . this is eventually what led to my split with my last boyfriend . he was so adamant that he knew everything , his ways were the only ways of life , and everybody else around him was wrong . in general , ... yeouch . i'm sorry to hear that was your first time . no one should ever be raped , and that should never , ever be someone's first experience with sex . while i can't exactly say i understand , i ... i don't think this has anything to do with being an istj or any other type . one of my best friends and i refused to get involved with anyone from our school because we knew it would be a bad idea . at ... well , thus far , i've mainly ended up with intjs and infps . i'm very happy with my current infp , but my dating record has a lot of intjs because the type is a cross between my two parents ( istj dad ... i think it depends on the istj , the enfp , what type of relationship they have , and how they explain their differences . while i would never be in a romantic relationship with an istj , my dad and i get ... be patient . take your cues from him . make sure he knows he's loved , and do little things for him that you know will make him happy . keep your hands busy , if you can , so that he knows he doesn't have ... is there a free support group you can attend that could tide you over until you find one ? i had a great grief group while i found a therapist to help me deal with a threat of assault and losing five ... i think a therapist would be a good idea to start . take it step by step . build out a list of steps if you can . the first one should be finding a good therapist . have you talked to your doctor about this problem ? try to see what ( s ) he has to say about it before taking further action . with your disorders , it's critical that you define what is learned behavior ... i agree with nafatali 100 % . this practice is really good for working with our sj counterparts . take it from someone with an istj dad . i have said to him before , feelings are often a large tangle of ... my current boyfriend is an infp , and he's absolutely wonderful . thus far , he's the best guy i have ever dated . in a lot of ways , i feel like he's a really close friend as well , and i can confide in ... hi guys : trying to figure out what to do about my infj mother . i've tried everything , literally * everything * i can think of to make things work with her . for 23 years , we have had a very ugly ... haha , no worries . it's part of the trappings of the internet , and of the problem , but i don't see you as disabled . the latter , i actually wrote about in one of my blog posts for the hearing aid ... i'm supposed to be deaf . i'm not . need i say more ? i've lost a huge chunk of my family , and i'm permanently disabled . i know all about loss . i came to this mindset after being told all my surgeries failed , and i would be hard of hearing until the day ... '