' silly othertypes ... everyone knows that all your infj are belong to us . it may be more of a joke , but it certainly had a good time in generating nineteen pages of responses . yet ... it somehow tweaks a nerve . valid point , but even those defiant in nature ( entp ) aren't devoid a certain sense of identity . i'm a man and i make certain that i fulfill my stereotypical role as such . why ? because doing so ... drunk sex is fun - and i can last longer . what about : making sure she gets hers first ( oral ) . having an aw shit i came quick moment and proceeding to finish her off by hand to make sure she gets hers . i'll totally admit - i'm not ... + 10 more points . 226842 lol maybe the op and windows 2000 have something in common . i thought flirting was the natural order for some of us ? and as bugs said - flirting can definitely be platonic . exactly . don't force constraints upon yourself unless you are absolutely certain . i've sampled my fair share . they all taste the same eventually . i think i'll stick with the one i have . going on ten years this year ... that's a long-ass time . i'm never hindered by any ... i told you , dammit , it's the big yellow square . it fell onto the floor in a puddle and i don't own a tig torch to weld aluminum . if i step in that puddle ... we'll order pizza . bacon . i said it many times before ... an infj not experiencing full blown hypertension by my experience is feeling a wee bit under the weather . c'mon now . nothing would thrill my nihilistic self more than pressing a big red button in a euphoric state for the sheer lulz .   ... for science ... that's because intjs wear labcoats . hmm ... sounds like a new fashion trend . * raises hand from somewhere in the back * ... will there be cookies ? ... and weed ? ... and weed in cookies ? you want tangible and not just conceptual inventions ? my godlike ne-ti wants mental ... dammit ... what about the ones infected with h1n1 or the bird flu ? west nile ? ? sars ? ? ? those pandemics to end all human life were so 2007-2011 . nobody gives a shit about those anymore . why pyres ? you wouldn't want to let all those juicy harvestable organs go to waste , now would you ? a-fucking-men , my good man . i never look down on people - until they decide to open their mouths . : rolleyes : the byzantines became too stoic , therefore : ... take me back to constantinople ... from what we determined at work , the definitions are the classic definitions of the ideologies in question . i . e . ' libertine ' as in calvin's name for those who resisted laws based on church doctrine ... you are a : objectivist anarchist total-isolationist nationalist liberal collectivism score : - 100 % authoritarianism score : - 100 % internationalism score : - 100 % tribalism score : 33 % liberalism ... one of my most-trusted co-workers ( and hardcore intj ) found this today : have it it , nts . 5 dimensional policial compass ne-dom ... hahaha ... i'm always chasing ideas and inventions - some see the light of day , some are nothing more than theoretical and nebulous , and sometimes i'll leave a half-finished project ... 223394 yeah ... it's kinda like that . 223370 ' nuff said . that's about the dynamic . oh , i totally get slammed for things like this all the time . sometimes it's nothing but luck ... i'm convinced that it is the same as flirting or knowing how to play the game - a trait that cannot ... it's dangerous to go alone . take this . luck + 10 i'm with you , man . some people just deserve to die .  ... but clim - who are you to judge ? i'm not , but i most certainly will . all your infj are belong to us . that's more individual preference than an infj trait . my infj is an 8 cylinder truck and american muscle southern girl . i didn't do it . you can't prove anything . i want my phone call ... i've read before that entps have an uncanny abilities , like walking away unscathed from a proverbial train wreck . things that i notice : i haven't had a traffic ticket that stuck or had to be ... amphetamines - once was enough for me just to claim that i tried it . coke - oh , shit . i can see where people can get addicted . i haven't done a line in a long time . you would never catch me ... 222538 i'll just leave this here . for a modest life in the usa - hell no ... it's extremely complicated , and by my accounting it had to do with two things : 1 ) women's liberation and their entrance into the mainstream workforce ... the myers & briggs foundation - thinking or feeling posted for the record . i know the difference and understand that t and f do not take on their face-value meanings .  ... but there is a ... carlin was a class act . what made him so funny is that he spoke the truths that everybody was thinking but nobody said aloud . meh ... that's extreme . you would be utterly retarded if everything on your mind came out of your mouth , like walking up to a one-legged person and calling them ' gimpy ' . to flesh it out a bit , my ... well , since the other thread i started as an effort to revitalize some good conversation was revealed to have been done before ad nauseum ( i figured as much ) , here's something that struck me ... well i'm beating a dead horse . i've been browsing a few other subforums where i'm finding that i can ruffle feathers . maybe a mod can fry this thread ? i don't want to clutter the forum . i had ... here's a topic that doesn't suck . my presumption is that the majority of us are in agreement that the so-called global war on drugs is utter horseshit , and considering how i've lived my late teens ... that's no glory hole + 200 respect . she totally wins . tip o ' the hat to the op . y'all are more driven than i . i went to college used to seem as if would be cool to say , whilst nowadays it's flavorless . the ... my favorite painter goes by the name juan pablo . i found him in the parking lot last saturday at home depot as i was cruising around in my truck shouting trabajo aqui out the window . the siding ... lol i entertainned him for a few posts , then reading his posts became fingernails on a chalkboard - substitute chalkboard for my eyes with all the heartfelt shit . i was trying to not be too big of ... <--- started a few lame threads for name recognition only . ( and fuck feelings ) i win . ... imma just grab me some popcorn . interesting thread is interesting . i fucked up . i believe i did mean sympathize . eh .. i guess my attempt at humor was lost . anyhow , i'm not actually reinforcing any points , and while technically there is no singular master type , certain types will view select types as ... don't blame me . i only care about infjs ( since i'm with an infj ) . i've openly stated my extreme distaste for fi-doms on numerous occasions - about to do so again in a few minutes on a different ... '