' just write about how you have writer's block . this has helped me on occasion ... edit : old post . seriously ? heat ; i am cooold . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lm1fXiyzlHw i did not say i understood it haha . i try my best . i find it amusing that after you read pages upon pages written by kant on ethics , you realize that he took all this time to restate , in the most ... i am partial to acoustic washburn guitars . after you have read enough kant , everything else is child's play . i do not find literature or prose to be all that difficult to read anymore ... angel's egg is an incredibly hard to find film unless of course you feel like shelling out $ 50-80 on amazon or ebay . sure it is on youtube in nine parts , but that does not count . although i have to ... yes . evidently we are not very good at sarcasm . any philosophy course ... i also loved the one astronomy class i took . i do journal and i do it every night . is it therapeutic ? yes and no , but mostly no so i do agree with you . but what it does do is permit me to get my thoughts out , somewhere , rather than have them ... i used to , but i have since grown pretty confident in myself . i still feel a little unusual talking to people , mostly because i feel like they have no idea what i am talking about , but i am no longer ... i am working toward my masters in philosophy my concentration being aesthetics , the study of beauty and art . i am also working toward become a certified teacher and wish to become a college ... i sleep , read , play video games . i'd like to have my name changed to rycbar if it is not too much trouble . i haven't anything to post at the moment , writing a few shorts , working on a full script . hoping to get into the sundance screenwriter's lab next year ( or 2015 , depending ) . maybe i'll have something ... in college right now , working my way toward a master's degree in philosophy . i think it is a misconception in believing that age is of little importance , but it's a topic not worth discussing here . if you want to have knowledge of the world and what it entails , bdsm is an odd ... 1 . as a 22 year old male who has sex , i am still oblivious to it . i'd say this speaks for most people who are having or have had sex . really . 2 . either i'm old and out of touch , but do teenagers ... wine , myself , and doctor who . people that are all science all the time are ... a serious of inappropriate words and are completely ignorant . you know who you are . what a ridiculous word for a common phenomenon . your story however was fantastic . i haven't watched the last two seasons as i haven't cable any longer and have to check them out at the library , but it is one of my favorites . there's no bullshit . what is not appealing / attractive about that ? you are blowing it ! i envy you . welcome . hello . i was thinking this myself , is it not kind of off-putting to potential members in that seeing august 2012 might think the site is dead ( without checking the forum ) ? could i possibly have my changed to : hachi-roku what i mean by that is that it should be an experience that engages you completely , with all your senses , emotions , thought , etc , etc , etc ... which can be quite taxing . yes , though i do not have the punk image and to be honest cannot stand when kids this generation do , but i digress . i have been listening to a lot of patti smith's album horses lately--it is one of ... to my knowledge the maps in the most recent pokemon games rival what you have created . i would not call the original maps dull , but simple . sometimes i get annoyed or confused with the newer maps . over the course of the last year , i have abandoned novels and instead find myself reading essays . the last novel i read was moby-dick and i still have a handful of works that i'd like to engage with , ... it exists . get over it . there are too many poll options there to read , but i haven't any one definition of superficial . everyone is superficial to some extent , it is just a matter of how superficial the person is . i have a pipe and smoke it occasionally . i smoke cigarettes only socially--which in itself is a rare occurrence . i smoke maybe once a month because of the way it makes my teeth feel . i am only ... http://images.gibson.com/Lifestyle/English/aaFeaturesImages2010/white-stripes_end.jpg my favorite record ; it is perfection . i really do not care one way or the other , but i would not mind having it tossed to some wolves or buried at the bottom of the ocean . i really admire clerks ( 1994 ) , mallrats ( 1995 ) , and dogma ( 1999 ) but after that i cannot say i like any of smith's filmography . ultimately i think his work is shadowed , at least for me , by how big of ... i would consider watching last year at marienbad ( 1961 ) . it is a completely surreal french film . you can watch the film in its entirety on youtube . did i respond to this thread already ? cowboy bebop , trigun , initial d . beat halo 4 an hour ago . :D the wind up bird chronicle today i was great . tonight i am bored with everything . hamlet ( 2009 ) . david tennant is / was superb . rage was fun from what i recall , but i remember it getting old . it reminded me borderlands except less engrossing . i am playing borderlands 2 , on and off ( college , work , life ) . just hit level 31 ... it is not fiction , but i recommend reading touched with fire : manic-depressive illness and the artistic temperament by kay redfield jamison . it's used for 0.99 ( before shipping ) . to add one more to what has already been said , saint anthony . escape from freedom - erich fromm the nature of man - erich fromm the anatomy of human destructiveness - erich fromm art and visual perception : a psychology of the creative eye - rudolf arnheim '