' i'm going to bawl soon . for no reason , just cuz i'm a fucked-up , sentimental , cruelly self-centered and apathetic bitch who falls in love with everyone and listens to sad songs and starts crying for ... aw , you're cute . too bad you're not five years younger , i could stalk you . o_o xd lol i'd be a perfume in a clear-as-glass crystal bottle . when you spray it , it comes out sweet and wistful , only ... i fail to notice if someone is interested in me because i can't imagine why anyone would be . o_o i give you shitloads of virtual sympathy . ( real sympathy too . D': ) that would have been the problem . but hey , not only did you learn a new word , you learned not to trust google translate anymore . ( you can't trust spellcheck either , btw . xd ) tut-tut , it's crucifixion , not crucifiction . it's a painful way of killing someone , not a new book genre . and you call yourself an intp ... what shame . my dad's infj , but he has developed very ... i'm not terribly weird . however ... i hate things that others love . and vice versa . for example : we're gonna go play with theoretical mathematics ? ! ! yay ! ! and then we're gonna dissect ... ya , yu telerr gurl ! ! xd aw , stoppikkin on peple 4 spelin sttuf weerd xd my dad's an infj , but at first i typed him as an intj because he's had to learn to make his decisions by thinking instead of feeling . so would that make him an inxj ? he still prefers his infj side , ... i often talk about the party i'll have in hell . all the pop stars in the world will perform live . as will many rappers ( yes ! ! go eminem ! ! ) . they're confident , charismatic , funny , unpredictable , and sexy . how can you not love them ? no , because if i'm wrong there's a god or gods , and who knows what sort of monster he / she / they / it might be . although of course i wouldn't want you or anyone else to end up in hell xd . devout atheist here . i don't believe there is a god , and i desperately hope i'm right . : tongue :: crazy : entjs , they're so awesome . him too xd . dearest angel , i love you . there , i said it . i'm probably gonna keep crushing on you for the next five years or so , at least . now can we get over it and keep being best friends ? please ? <3 your ... hell yes , it's big and black and super awesome xd . my cat <3 my notebooks ( full of poetry and emotion and such - - i'm counting them as one even though there's three or four , they're always together ) my backpack , i love that thing ya , this has happened to me too , i've cried maybe five tears at one time in the last five years . i think vaan , zobey , and soulsearch have the right idea . it's ok , it is incredibly hypocritical and i don't dislike all kids , actually i spent all last week at a camp working with 12 - yr-old girls and i cried saying goodbye to them , even though i hated the ... so am i . about many things . i think we were talking about yours , though . i would say no ! ! ! but i can't cuz i don't know any infp men . unfortunately :'( where are all you infp guys anyway ? ? i want an infp bf , that'd be the greatest ... sorry , i don't know what to say ... i feel this way too , but that's cuz i am a bad person . i'm so used to being ignored i get surprised if anybody listens to me when i talk xd . it's nice , though , cuz i can talk to myself and nobody will notice - - ie i keep up a running commentary in pretty ... my sister is isfp ... there's a tangible difference between sensors and intuitors ... idk how to explain it ( or anything else lol :) but it's there . try focusing on that . your avatar looks isfp ... no kids . whiny little brats ... just a feeling , not a plan xd . don't worry , i dealt with all my suicide plans last year , the one i have left mostly stays in the back of my head muttering things like just in case , and i hate ... that's rather unusual xd . it's not mine , i can't share it without permission xd . i think i'll kill myself . why the hell not . stupid and useless . aw ... i know this is a kinda old thread , but it's so sad and sweet ... i can't ever bring myself to suicide ( believe me , i've tried ) , i'd miss people too much - - they hurt me , but i love them anyway . no clue . i guess it's just your innate awesomeness . but i'll hazard a guess : because entps do all the stuff we wish we could ? all i know is that they make me happy ! ! xd * - - bump - - * me : infp dad : intj mom : esfj sister : isfp brother : intj yuck , try living with two intjs and an extroverted sensor when you're infp ... not easy . for more fun , my brother has problems and so ... what is the exact definition of feminine anyway ? who cares ? well , i'm in california wondering where all the infp guys are : wink : ... that infps go around with their head in the clouds trying to save the world . hi , just some guy ! i'm just some girl , how are you ? ' ello ! ! come talk to the infps , we're nice ! ( nicer than those intjs , anyway ... hmmph ... ;D ) or cringe ... relationships ... * sighs * D= what she said xd esxx can annoy the shit outta me . i get along with pretty much all intuitors and / or introverts . technically , you've already said hi , i said it in my translation xd . ( my five wing needed me to point that out to you lol . ) ooooh ... it's a kitty ... hey , infps kick ass ! * high fives all infps on ... shit , did i just kill my thread ? is 4w5 close enough ? ? * looks hopefully at cookies * you let one 4yestwo4no in ... hehe , look , it's me ! ! i don't think it's because i'm infp , though ... i think i just have issues ... ;) you're welcome ! ;) xd i was hoping somebody else did ... ya , i get that . looking back on my life , i've realized that i usually imagine myself a friend - - whether through the classic ... '