isfp bless spear when i was younger , i would ( unfortunately ) tend to take it out on other people . i still feel guilty of some outbursts to this day . nowadays , i don't get angry much , but when i do , i try to be alone ... slave lines shout canes cases parts harsh share istj in an si-fi loop . stare well , it varies from person to person , but here are some things most infps ( including myself ) seem to enjoy in a relationship : - like the above person said , listen to her . - have deep ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? - infp 2 : what's your gender ? - female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? - technically i'm the middle child , since my dad was married to ... infjs are likely to mistype as intjs . infps are likely to mistype as infjs . isfps are likely to mistype as infps . enfps are likely to mistype as infps . enfjs are likely to mistype as infjs ... i'd say the closest are enfp and isfp . however , they both can have their differences with us infps , due to extroversion and sensing respectively . infjs can seem similar on the surface , but they're ... barks tours otter roses anyone take a guess at ava allan's personality type ? i'm thinking esfj . shies sides - - - i've given up on reality . snide heaps mom : ixfp . she's difficult to type , because on one hand , she's completely grounded in reality and never daydreams ( and doesn't really understand why i do ) , but she's also very good at noticing ... dears changed my mind on some of these : tamaki : enfp haruhi : infj ( although i can see where everyone is getting intp from ) kyoya : intj ( forgot him in the first one . oops ) the rest remain the same ... tamed nerds found bills pulpy miles small slash slabs the thing about infps and isfps is that they seem like they would be really hard to tell apart , but they're actually not . infps seem to always have their head in the clouds ( there are isfps who are ... short creak you seem more infj . a lot of your reasons for considering intj could apply to infj too . scary stars dates roars perry