' it's very comforting to know jeffrey dahmer was also a 5w6 sp / sx ... : rolleyes : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmOIDAa3Dy0 your total vocabulary size is estimated to be : 26,800 words for foreign learners of english , we've found that the most common vocabulary size is from 2,500 x969 , 000 words . okay , now . how stupid ... cognitive process - level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) - * * * ( 15.2 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) - * * * ( 22.2 ) ... so i wanna know . what happens when you're diagnosed with both schizoid personality disorder and obsessive-compulsive personality disorder ? and or possible as ? this . buying . my best friend of six years is an intp . my father , with whom i am really close , is an intj . there's an infj i usually don't mind the company of either , and then there's also an isfp that is my go-to ... hmmm ... music i like includes , but is not limited to ; - seether - avenged sevenfold - marilyn manson - dropkick murphys - cradle of filth - disturbed - apocalyptica story of my bloody life . i've asked my psychologist before if there is a ... guide to emotions , or something . a list of emotions and the situations one can expect them in , and then how to deal with ... aye , cheers . sorry . what ? just ... no , i'm sticking to what ? go cry to someone else ? bullying - or any sort of abuse - doesn't account to insecurity . i've been mentally abused , sexually abused and ... how do you know they'll be overpriced ? do you have statistics that say what the going rate is , or do you imagine their price , and automatically assume they'll be over that ? in the kind of future this ... and thus an agnostic atheist believes they cannot know for sure if there is or isn't a god , in any way shape or form , and while they , in their every day life , live as though there is none in contrast ... ehehehe , grammar nazi is ingrained in my head . it was just a random voice in my head that idly pointed it out , i don't needssleep to be a grammar nazi . but i'm equally laced up on anti-psychotics ... incidentally * plus , you realise that sarcasm is largely lost in the written word , yes ? it's the tone that inflects sarcasm , and as there's no actually tone to accompany the written word , it's hard to ... why repeat everything i say ? what kind of argument is that ? if i want someone to repeat me , i'll buy a parrot and have heated discussions with that . anyhow . back on track . my actual favourite ... no need to repeat yourself twice in practically one sentence , darling , lmfao . also . a running gag would need humour introduced into it somewhere for it to be a running gag . try again next time . joke n . 1 . something said or done to evoke laughter or amusement , especially an amusing story with a punch line . 2 . a mischievous trick ; a prank . 3 . an amusing or ludicrous incident or ... exactly . and that's why i'm a thinker , and you're a feeler . (: you aren't suppose to see how turtles go mutant . it kills the magic of mutant turtles . episode iii is a myth . episode vi - looked like a mutant turtle to me . you know you're a thinker when you're quite willing to amputate most of your limbs and remove all of your organs , just to replace them with cyborg parts , if only to make yourself that much more ... aahhh , intps . next thing you know , you'll be talking to the voices in your head too . good times , good times . how about this isn't your band , so fuck right off , and no , we will not be handing out autographs any time soon , because we're now snobbish , self-involved rock stars , hell yeah ? or , ... auto-tuned : oh no . i caaan't believe it's not butter . no , no , no , baby . i just caaan't believe ! can't believe it's not butter ! i thought for sure it was butter , but hey , baby , it turns out it ... scam : a fraudulent business scheme ; a swindle . scar : a lingering sign of damage or injury , either mental or physical . my favourite tmnt is darth vader . before you say anything ; you don't know he wasn't a mutant turtle under all that black fabric and shiny helmet , so you can fuck right off . <3 lol . nah , that's not cool . how about we have a very serious discussion in auto-tune ? make an album out of it . man , we'll be rich . there's your evidence . unprovoked random singing . pfff ... also , why are there two jewels staring at me , love ? i am severely perturbed by this . i do not go on the internet to be stared at by ... ugh . honestly , i find myself attracted more to rationals , both male or female , than idealists . according to dr . keirsey , the intj's complementary type is the enfp . i know at least two enfps who i ... persave ; a middle english form of perceive . ignoring the many replies before me to give my opinion and findings unbiased ; you'll find that socially , conventionally , people with a lower ( or rather , average ) iq will , in most cases , be much ... in short , intps = endearing . i love intps . they're brilliant . blatant intp praising , wtfwtf . dnc . errr ... no , they don't know . they don't care to hear , and i don't care to tell them . they know about my rping , coding and graphic .. ing .. ( ? ) , as well as my writing , but no details . not their ... in this next feature , teacup ( tyler , aka jen , whom i have named teacup due to the dress she was forced to wear to her sister's wedding , quelly , it looks like i'm wearing a teacup ... ) is an intp , ... it's either because you're insane , or because there's a big bug on your face . either one . i'm not judging , though . - cough - yeah , no , not as much intjs as there are infps , i'm afraid . i'd watch out for frosty especially , boy's craaazyyy . - cough - js . you intps are so cute . srsly . i'd try not to have my kidney stolen . obviously . i think it's endearing when my intp friend starts sending me ' <3 ' s . or when we're on the webcam , and she starts rolling around on her bed because she failed to take her meds . or when she's ... i'd consider myself an atheist , but more specifically , an agnostic atheist . if there is a god , and they find a manner to prove it , i'll be very happy to believe in one . as long as they fail to prove ... in addition to this , my opinion stands that it's good for children who are going through abuse , or have gone through it to know that this is not the norm . it is not normal to be abused - sexually , ... i have been sexually abused , yes , and for the longest time , i thought it hadn't bothered me . now , this isn't the only incident in my youth that made me a psychological train wreck , but it definitely ... i've resorted to telling her i don't actually care ... maybe your way might've been better . - cough - there's this girl that swears she types intp . and all she does , every day , is whine at me about so many things i really don't care about . i just want her to shut the fuck up already , unless something ... i actually have only two people i'd sincerely consider my friends , and that's an intp and an infp . the intp , we're both amazed at how similar we seem to think , and handle , even though she's a little ... sometimes when i open my mouth , sound comes out . wondrous . http://harrypotter.neoseeker.com/w/i/harrypotter/b/be/Voldemort.jpg he likes you . out of service's test ; opennes to experience / intellect : 76 % high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex . conscietiousness : 83 % high scorers tend to be reliable , well-organized , ... ravenclaw . '