' 18/37 @ . @ science is not perfect . no scientist claims that it is , or that scientific information will not be revised as we discover new things . rational thinking has been very useful to our society ... infp - edgar allen poe was an infp and he's in your siggy . people see the obvious fi and are quick to put her as infp . i agree that she has no ne . i see her as an isfp . compare her to haku ( definite infp ) . she is flat through most of naruto .. but i don't ... lets get this party started 66314 i did not say it disproved god . i merely said that i found such methods disturbing . although , it does bring up certain questions . god is in control of the universe , and the governments of the world , ... surprisingly , i could not find a thread about this on perc even with google . so , here you go . watch jesus camp online - watch movies online , full movies , download i was disturbed watching this ... a metaphysical gun ( hell ) held to someone's head can be just as effective as an actual gun . do you not find these methods disturbing ? watch jesus camp online - watch movies online , full movies , ... unstable is not the right word . we are usually pretty emotionally flat-lined . but , when we do have to deal with our own emotions we can be very bad at it . in high school my feelings of attraction ... well , i went to someone's wedding and dipped everything in the chocolate fountain and ate it . i dipped the fruit , the fish , and even the hershey's kisses . and i drank two little jars of honey they ... that post you quoted was from two and a half years ago . since then , i've come to a better explanation . intps may not be as externally certain as intjs , but they are more certain internally . they ... this is how i deal with the infp i'm in a relationship with . i am often tempted to avoid hurting them even if it means fudging the truth , telling them only what they want to hear . if i do that , it ... never heard of it till now . i watch a looot of anime , but i get it from animedreaming.tv mostly ; i am not a member of any anime board . the legs are nice , but her expression is all wrong . that is not her private sad face ; i don't know what it is . see , i have her evil grin < b kokiri connect . becuase i couldn't rememeber how to spell kokoro connect so i let google do it . inaba from kokoro connect . because i relate to her and i enjoy looking at her ( i have to look at my avatar alot ) . i'd like to see someone react when they are told they have hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia . she doesn't trust you or respect you . a break would be good to test if she will change . if she doesn't , you have to think about what will make you happy in the long term . next time , establish ground ... i don't think any intj is not going to do this if they have a choice . though , until i got the internet in my late teens i didn't explore many subjects i was interested in in depth . of course , it ... no , i don't smoke . i have an addictive personality , and i don't think i would be able to stop if i started . destroying his reputation by revealing what he has done could cause him to lose a lot of power ... but if people knew things he had done , a certain person would kill him and end up in jail . there ... people like people like themselves ; this is the number 1 indicator of attraction . seeing as most people are sensors it is not surprising that they do not care for my personality . woman have ... my best friend is an intj . we have so much in common even for two intjs ; she understands me better than anyone . it took a looong time for us to become close . we put up a lot of barriers . i get ... i can tell you about a sociopath i know in real life . not an intj , an entp or intp . - tells all his problems to people shortly after meeting them to attempt to gain their sympathy so they can be ... light ( at least in the beggning ) and lelouch did ultimately have good goals , even if their methods were evil . lelouch did seem to feel remorse at times ; a sociopath would never consider taking ... nobody panics when things go according to plan . even if the plan is horrifying . if tomorrow i tell the press that like a gang banger , will get shot , or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up , ... 1 . code geass 2 . steins ; gate ( it was hardest to pick between this and geass , but i think geass just barely beats it . i will say it is very slow in the beginning , but everything that happens in ... looking back at this post from 2.5 years ago ... emil , asahina , and hinata are actually isfps . maybe kimmimaro and alphonse as well . i really don't know li xingke's type ... its been awhile since i ... focus on learning the system , and the details should fall into place as you go along . for example , learning c + + , i read about how it worked , then wrote some programs and only bothered figuring out ... glad you recognize my username . yes , until you said infj ( that type uses fe / ti ) . the four types that use ( fi & te ) / ( te & fi ) are in my previous post . infp - going out with one now . we don't understand each other in some ways ( though understanding is a lot better than most type matches ) , but we challenge each other and help each other grow . we have ... welcome . now bring me some pizza . actually , that could happen to me after i'm done with my english degree xd you need to think about the reasons for what you want and about how realistic each of your goals are . maybe one is more of a fantasy and one is actually worthwhile ? that's what i would do anyway , ... what my previous post said was : you seem like a dominant fi . do you do all this ne thing or this fine thing . put into terms that the op understands . the 8 letters are intended to be shorthand for ... you seem like an obvious i , f , and p . infp is the strongest possibility . possibly isfp , though . how do you brainstorm ? do you overthink things ? combining your anxiety and avoidance scores , you fall into the secure quadrant . previous research on attachment styles indicates that secure people tend to have relatively enduring and ... i don't think you can simply reach into your mind anytime to tell if you love someone . perhaps you have fantasized for a long time and expect a real relationship to be like that in some ways . but ... i don't think its impossible to doublethink , only impossible to remain in that state ( which could explain why oceania fell after the end ) . the hard atheists i do not disagree with . anyway , ... cows are a religious subject ( hindu ) xd if the denial of a religion is a religion , then most or all of us here are ascientologists , for example . most everyone would have , what ? at least thousands ... by that definition anything could be defined as a religion by attaching the suffix - ism ... and then the word religion loses its meaning . i would say that religion has both a precise and general ... there are no practices required to be an atheist . all that is required is a disbelief in deities . other than that , atheists can have widely different beliefs . it is too general a term to be called a ... my guess is entp , though it is hard to say just from this . have you studied up on cognitive functions ? if not , learning how each works and identifying which ones you use would be very helpful . i believe it has gone through too many human hands to be thought of wholly as the word of god ( or to be followed unquestionably ) . yes , most useful when thought of as a text by man about god .  ... apparently , you need to pose as a gay guy to pick up women . but , seriously . its 2012 . you have a world of media at your fingertips . in a poll that appears to be from eharmony ( though it is ... we are playing a game called mafia . we have to vote on who to kill for this round , who we think is part of the mafia . rob ( names made up ) says , kill joe . i suggest killing rob . rob says , don't ... what you need to know as an intj fiction writer : http://phantomshine.blogspot.com/2012/05/writer-analysis-through-mbti.html i grow tedious of gratuitous visual details ... though , images are ... bolded are ones i actually live with . mother - isfj father - istj sister - istp half-sister - esfj ? grand-mother ( mother's side ) - enfp step-brother-esfp step-father - esfp ? very interesting . explains why these two types often see each other as close-minded or arrogant . there are as many intjs as there needs to be . if everyone is a leader , who is going to follow ? and who is going to take the jobs that no intuitive would want ? there is a part in brave new world where ... mm , probably intp now that i have become more familiar with that type . '