i am thankful to all the people who posted on here showing how many different things there are to be happy for . i am thankful for the story of pollyanna that first taught me to be glad for things ... hi , i want to bring some positivity and happy thoughts to the forum so please share something you are happy about or thankful for today , it need only be something simple and small . it could be an ... aww wanna talk about it ? i couldnt make much sense of it either , ( hug ) ( that was to yippy ) i'm sorry but i'm not sure i understand your point , would you mind repeating it in fewer words and more concisely ? is it a common issue with intp to have problems getting on with parent / s ? just wondering , i am infp but i have trouble getting on with parents in different ways . ok calm down guys , you are both entitled to express yourselves but there is no need to insult each other . you did say earlier you thought you were smarter be inferring people were dumber and you ... do you know of any recent information / studies that have been done regarding personality types and beliefs ? genuinely interested . there has been a decline in people following christianity and ... spoken like an intp ;) thanks that viewpoint sounds both familiar and interesting , i can imagine having interesting discussions with you . :) ok i just looked up that book as it is online written by anna moss , and this is what i found under the heading religion : ( ( when intps aren't busy talking about politics , they're busy talking ... thank you so much :) found that description very helpful and an interesting way of looking at it :) i agree we shouldn't just stereotype but there are certain generalizations which are useful in understanding people and types etc , in a lot of ways the typing system is not fool proof in itself as ... perhaps what i have learned from this discussion is similar to what sylos said , that perhaps it is possible to have a spiritual connection between infp and intp but the intp wouldn't think of it in ... ok those are your opinions , i have some strong opinions about religion and other things connected to it but i'd rather not offend people or push my views on them as i would appreciate their respect ... without you expanding on what you mean i am unsure of what you are actually saying , can you clairify ? is it just that you are against the notion of spirituality in general ? are you intolerant to ... it is hard to not feel guilty when upsetting others unfortunately sometimes in order to be true to yourself and meet your own needs it will happen , i've ended up at the conclusion that as long as ... hey , i kinda left it ambiguous for a few reasons , one it is hard to pin point exactly what a spiritual connection is in words , two because everyone has a different interpretation of what it means to ... i feel so angry and upset all the time atm , but i don't even know why ? its like i'm ready to explode at any moment over the stupidest little thing and the more i try to keep my cool the angrier i ... if you are breathing and trying your best to participate in life it isn't failure , offers a hug . thank you , * lifts head up * just being down on myself , i'll be ok . thanks , * double hug * i feel hurt and unwanted :( ok ... that stung a bit tbh , but i welcome your view and opinion , why do you call my question shit ? yeah sorry for my part in that if its annoying people ? ? its on my mind atm because i am trying to figure intp out , i am in a serious relationship with one and love him dearly but struggle to ... aw hug - once such a connection has been established , i'm fairly sure most intps will bite down and never let go . some might still be too wary / neurotic / overthinky / ti-controlled to return the affection a ... how do intp's experience a sense of emotional connection ? is it possible to have a spiritual connection between a infp and intp ? thank you for your post , you are not alone , ( hug if wanted ) i joined up here in 2012 , then forgot about it till recently until i received an email just at the time i'd been rethinking things about ... erm ... infp male and infp female switched around is infp female and infp male , having trouble seeing how compatibility is affected seeing how its the same types both ways , the only explanation i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I-yUPu3TcM i love the original of this song by empire of the sun , but i came accross an awesome cover by broods on spotify and wanted to share it but youtube ... i'm interested to know how you arrived at those conclusions ? for a darker mood ... thinking this is feeling is shared for both infp and intp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iCtpuQvydk really love this thankyou for posting , think i've found my new fave artist :) yeay i have to say love / hate them if i'm honest , i love their intelligence , their quietness , honesty , individualism , caring , their encyclopedic knowledge , the way they constantly grow as people and ... i dunno about the rest of you but i don't tend to hear half of what someone says to me , i have a bad habit of hearing the first half of a conversation and spend the rest of the time half listening ... aw allig its a shame your vid seems to not work . alice and wonderland , yes can definitely relate to her :) and amelie i keep being told how good that film is , keep meaning to watch it . his type seems very debated , i thank you for your take on him being infp , it is a great love story between them :) broods - never gonna change i havnt watched much family guy tbh but what i have i thought he came accross more deadpan than an infp ? but i'm no expert , what makes you feel that he is infp ? i havnt heard of the unthinkable thoughts of jacob green , or the other books you mentioned , i am very curious now and will look them up , they sound like must reads :) its been too long since i ... hey :) interested to know if anyone has spotted or identified with any characters in films , books , etc , that isn't in a usual list . and why and how the characters are so infp ? to start off , one ... i haven't met an infp in real life excluding myself , i would be interested to know how to spot one ? do we all wear masks ? i know that i have a tendency to camouflage and perhaps act like other types , ... i've gone through this too , still do at times , i find it best to only see those kind of friends on occasion as i find their company draining tbh , after a few years of negotiating and explaining that ... you should use that t of yours first off you have read the types wrong way round . second thats just insulting ! i have dated a intj and they are lovely people . i cant answer if he is interested or not but a few pointers on relating to an infp , from a personal point of view : if we share anything it is quite a personal thing especially our interests , we can ... hello , we have bumped paths a little today . very pleased to meet you properly :) i like your honesty and openness somehow you exude warmth and life it is refreshing thank you yup , totally prefer quiet time first thing after waking up , hate questions ... even simple ones heh , like to wake up with music though . i've had to adapt since having a baby girl .. she doesn't ... curious :)