' well if all of this is true , then this is further proof that , for me at least , mbti is much more accurate than enneagram . sorry enneagram lovers . : wink : another thing that made me originally think ... well , as far as looking at how i deal with doubt per se ... i tend to almost alternate between feeling 100 % confident that i am right and going around in circles looking at the various ... i'm back again , and now after finally identifying my core type , i'm actually kind of split between 945 or 946 , which head-fix i have . what are some key differences between those two ? i feel like on ... well when you put it that way , i guess i'm a 9 w / 4 fix and not the other way around . absolutely relate to the bolded part . while i still think a lot of my identity can come from the outside , the pieces i incorporate don't necessarily have to be other peoples ' opinions ( i realized ... quite a revelation then , because i honestly thought that was what the descriptions of type 4 meant when they talked about taking feelings into your identity . 6 is also 9 ' s disintegration type , and ... i also know that i am an infp in mbti , and from what i've heard , it's almost impossible for a 5 to be f rather than t . i definitely don't have a 7 fix though , in fact i'd say 7 & 8 are the only two ... anyway , back on topic . my problem is that out of 4 , 5 , and 9 , i honestly don't feel that any one type describes me more than about 70-80 % . in a nutshell ... - i absolutely hate conflict and am ... i'm really good at one-on-one talking as well , especially about things that really interest me , and i can go on for long periods of time . but put me in a larger gathering and i quickly fall out of ... this describes me as well , although i definitely do like to listen to music for sure , although what song depends on my mood . ironically , i absolutely hate concerts too , just too much noise and ... he claims he's an entp and that once he'd heard of mbti he immediately realized why the relationship fell apart , but yeah , i agree that some of his behaviors do seem more estp-ish . but beneath all ... have you had any experiences with your polar oppsite type , isfj , in relationships ? do you think entps & isfjs are a good case of opposites attracting ? or is it a recipe for disaster ? ymmv ( hence ... hawaii honolulu : 7w6 everywhere else : 9w1 what about peru ? type 4 : whaaat ? ? ? i'm the same type as ( insert random famous person / fictional character / forum user ) ? ! there must be some mistake , i don't think i'm like them at all ! ( retakes test , hoping to ... long time fan of pokémon , loved this game ... here's my shot at some of the trial captains and kahunas ... lana - isfp , 9w1 kiawe - infp , 4w3 mallow - enfp , 2w3 sophocles - intp , 5w4 hala - esfj , ... chances are you probably know about aspergers syndrome ( basically a higher-functioning form of autism ) , if not there are plenty of places online to look it up . i won't bore you guys with details on ... to give another example ... one of my uncle's beliefs is that it is a persons choice whether or not to drink responsibly and make responsible choices while under the influence ( i . e drinking & ... the fundamental attribution error is a psychological concept that i remember well from social psychology . you can read all about it here in the wikipedia article - ... dude , i'm a 4w5 too - same thing here ! in fact i'd say spring and fall are my two favorite seasons . just in general i've never liked cold or hot weather too much . one of the most defining traits ... winter is the coldest season where a lot of people just stay indoors , so obviously it would go with the most withdrawn types . at the same time , there's also a distinct beauty about it , and snowflakes ... since a correlation with enneagram types and just about everything else from colors to elements has been done already , i thought i'd try a more unorthodox correlation that has been piquing my ... i was kind of just guessing based on memory . it's been like forever since i've played that game . anyway , here's my shot at some from super mystery dungeon : nuzleaf : inxx carracosta : xsxj ... being a relatively newbie member & big pokemon fan since the early days of rby , i thought i'd add in where i think a few more would fit : absol : 6 sx aggron : 8 sp trevenant : 4 sp celebi , ... from the mystery dungeon games ( series where you play as a pokemon , thus they all talk like humans / you can understand them ): player character : infp partner : esfp red / blue gengar : entp ... as an avid pokemon fan since gen i , i just have to take a shot at this myself ... infj : - gallade : a master of courtesy and swordsmanship , it fights using extending swords on its elbows . because it ... bumping because i just have to input my thoughts , as i have always been an avid pokemon fan , just recently beat alpha sapphire . the fairy type was a new type introduced with pokemon x & y . i ... how much she's always involved in schemes , dreaming about glory , etc . si is more concerned with keeping things going and doing what needs to be done . she's the dominant person in the group in an entj ... i love this series too , glad someone's finally trying to type them ! my take : ash - enfp misty - xsfj ( seems a bit calmer and quieter than most esfjs under normal circumstances , but she does ... characters from the ever-popular mario series . i'll start ! mario - isfp luigi x96 isfp peach x96 infj bowser x96 estj toad x96 enfj yoshi - esfj yeah , that's what i figured he meant , i just didn't forsee an undead leader being f - but i guess it could make sense , given her background experience with the lich king . i think that jaina is ... that's an interesting take . i haven't played the horde northrend quests / icecrown instances ( my level 80 is alliance and my highest horde char is 42 ) so i'm less familiar with their personalities . another type guessing thread , this one is the major characters from world of warcraft , or actually , the warcraft series in general ... i'm surprised no one else has tried typing them ! king varian ... i haven't seen too much info on the web as to what the personalities of the donkey kong characters are , so i decided to start this thread here and take a shot at type analyzing . the series doesn't ... hi , my name is joseph frombaugh and i just signed up here . i'm a coaster enthusiast who has ridden nearly 100 roller coasters , an avid wow player , and a good performer of magic tricks to boot ! i'm ... '