' i see what you did there . yeah , i'm the same way . i analyze even the shortest conversation just after having it and think of all the possible alternatives of what i said . i also like to try to find ... silence of the lambs . yeah , i wouldn't mind being a detective . breaking bad man . it's the only show i watch . two door cinema club . i should find a video , but ... i can't stand people who are overly righteous in their morals or religion . especially when they have the audacity to tell me that their morals are superior to mine and that they know how to live ... mine would probably be something like , you don't know how to think for yourself . what are your interests and hobbies ? clarinet , reading , listening to music what kind of food do you eat ? i'm not health-conscious in my food choices . whatever tastes good . cheese is good . are you ... i definitely do that all the time . get lost in my mind . also , i like to go back and reread interesting paragraphs / pages , so sometimes i'll just get stuck in the same spot forever just ... i see myself as a musician and an independent individual . i chew on my tongue when i'm concentrating or stressed . intp . just weed , but i'd do more if i could . my goals for the future are what motivate me on a daily basis . do you want to be successful ? better go work at it . in addition , the possibility of some sort of new discovery every day excites me . introducing yourself to people . god i hate it . i typically like having an excuse to go out and buy stuff . i love driving and listening to music and thinking on the way there , plus being able to make whatever detours i want . i really only order ... white walls with minimalistic art . soft enough carpet to lie down on comfortably . slightly echo-y . large windows with a view of a nice park with a lake . a small fireplace . music always playing in the ... i held a small leadership position at my old school of putting together the clarinet ensemble . i found music , distributed parts , led rehearsals , and scheduled performances . i found it quite enjoyable ... when she pretends you don't even exist until you start a conversation . when she stalks your facebook profile . and your tumblr . and your spotify . and your youtube . and googles your name / username to ... welcome to salary.com - salary.com this website is a good reference for exploring various options . chemical engineering could be a good option . lots of hands-on work . civil engineering ... in the case that the certain thing you love is not profitable , you'd have to decide what you love more - that thing or having money / a stable financial situation . it seems to me that virtually ... you could be a critic . a journalist for a newspaper who attends concerts / goes to restaurants and such , then writes reviews . you usually have to have experience in the observed field first - like ... i got green , orange , blue , gold . yeah , pretty predictable . * hang gliding i always get those words mixed up . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 39 ) excellent use introverted sensing ... i stay up very very late either on the internet or reading books . or practicing . cats . less responsibility and they're so chill . cuddly fat cats are the best . 59649 hi . i dress very modestly . medium v-necks are as revealing as it gets . hardly ever wear shorts - i love pants . always a hoodie . hats are pretty cool . i feel even more different from everyone else here at my new arts school than at my old , normal school . probably because i was in classes with some very smart people at my old school , while here , ... stupid loud guys who you get stuck sitting next to in your classes who always ask you for pencils / paper / answers . i wish i could fly . or parasail . i've always wanted to go parasailing . over the grand canyon . doesn't it look fun ? i love watching youtube videos of people parasailing . someday . shakespeare sonnet 138 intp . i'm into indie rock and classical . i once saw a french movie called the intouchables ( with english subs ) . it was a comedy , which usually aren't very good , but this one was extremely well-done . it's about an ex-thug who is hired by a ... pictures at an exhibition by mussorgsky the fountainhead by ayn rand thanks for your reply . when making decisions , i like to imagine possible outcomes in my head . imagine possible scenarios . i do that a lot when it comes to social situations too - imagine different ... i tend to get either of the two as results for online tests . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , ... personal * name - what do you preferred to be called ? je m'appelle rhiana . * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any interesting ... '