' yes . i check in every couple of years or so . lasts about a week and i'm bored again . once i settled on my type , i've seen no reason to keep discussing it . 72.5 / 100 masculine , 40/100 feminine , 56.667 / 100 androgynous . biological female istp . i put swords on my head and dance around . 287442 this ! i don't have much to add besides what you wrote . : mellow : i am back . hi . :) that is all . just wanted to say hello . eric : oh wouldn't it be great if they collaborated ? maybe one day ... simulated : yeah i agree , she doesn't talk much about them . i do wish she would write a new book . simulatedworld , thank you for all that information . i think i haven't really been totally clear , because i agree with just about everything you said in this post . i think it's true that as we age , ... cool , i would be interested to see those ! keep us posted . oh yeah , i agree with you there : it definitely could be any of those . actually , i think i used a pretty logical train of thought . i was only admitting that there is a chance it could be the ... combination of intellectual stimulation , fun ( it's just really , really fun , i don't know why ) , and arguing to understand . like ... i might take an opposing side , just to see what kinds of arguments i ... actually ( i know this is a singular example , but it illustrates a point ) , someone i know who is very vocally anti-gender roles , decided that she would encourage her boy to play with dolls , and her ... haha , you guys are cool , too . one of my favorite people is infj . : happy : yeah , i think it will be a good fit because of the interdisciplinary nature of it . hopefully keep me from getting too ... i hope one day i know as much as you do ! i want to go to grad school for psych , neuorscience , and cognitive science ( some kind of combination of those ) . that's what i've decided this month ... well , i was trying to provide a semi-concrete example to illustrate my point . you took it literally , which it wasn't the way it was meant to be taken . but in any case , i listed them in the order i ... you probably have very good use of your secondary function . just a guess . it seems like in my experience that heavy ti people are waaay more focused than i am ( not on surroundings or doing what's ... i think one of the big differences between intps and entps , is that intps tend to be specialists ( hone in on a few areas of expertise ) , whereas entps are generalists ( more broad in scope of ... i agree with this--i'm pretty sp myself . i wonder how much of this is related to skills we developed as children / adolescents ? and how much emphasis was placed growing up on certain skills and ... maybe you all that recognize your usage of the inferior and tertiary functions are highly developed ? the more mature we become in our type , the less important the 4 middle functions become . it is ... well , going by thomson's theory , you do use all of the functions , and you will be consciously using them ( except the ter / inf ones , since they are basically complete opposites of your two preferred ... xplosive , you're missing the point . and i think i haven't been completely clear . what i'm saying is that the tertiary and inferior functions are doing exactly as you said , but rather than thinking ... cool , i have not done much reading about socionics . i'll definitely check that out . i agree completely . i have only kind of guessed at the order of my functions ( about how conscious i am in ... thompsonx 92s x93lasagnax94 model explains whacked out function orders , appearance of x term ok , i've been on hiatus for awhile , been reading a lot , and been doing some soul searching . i've been ... cool , thanks everyone . yeah invisiblejim , you're exactly right . i have been doing a lot of reading and digging on cognitive functions in the past month or so . i'm pretty sure my ni is much too ... hello intjs . as i learn more and more about type , i am beginning to delve into the possibility that i am an intj . i have some general questions for those of you who are pretty much sure you are ... hey functianalyst . question : if i consistently and overwhelmingly test as i and n , and less so for t / f ( although usually to the t side ) and j / p , would that mean i might be more likely to be inxj ? ... which book ? where can you buy it ? i see she published a book in 1998 called personality type but is there a newer one ? cool . so what is the function order for istp in socionics ? in mbti , ne is 7th in our list . cool , thanks brooklynboy . i will digest some of that and get back to you . :) ( ps - i thought i was intp for a long time . only recently have i accepted istp . so maybe it deserves another look ? ) wow interesting , obstinate . yep , you sound like an se lover . i see you put on the new badge ! how does it feel ? :) i pretty much gave up on tests because i always get bizarre or wrong results ( for many of the reasons listed here ) . i'm still having issues with the s / n thing , but i'm working them out ... i think ... hey , thanks ! i have taken these types of tests before , and i always come up high for ti , se , ni , and ne . i retook it and here are my current results : ( haha , now maybe you know why i'm confused . ) ... yeah i know , people sometimes get worried that i'm going to be offended if they make woman jokes around me ( such as : why don't women ski ? because there aren't any slopes between the kitchen and ... well , it could very well be due to your istj mom . most stereotypical mom's are big feelers , so you may have learned that she didn't respond as well to your fi judgements so you compensated with your ... nice ! sounds like you have a winner . ( haha , for now ... we crazy p's always have some level of doubt , don't we ? ) :) ok , i get what you are saying , lucky . it makes sense that our functions would work together at all times . ohhh , wow yeah . i do the same thing . when it's a very descriptive sort of reading , ... i doubt every isfp is a good artist , i wouldn't worry too much about that criteria to determine your type . oooh , do you know what your communication style is ? directing or informative ? this is a ... well ... not all f types are vulnerable / irrational . many of them are , but not all . plus , i think fe can be morestructured than someone with a ti dom brain ( fe = left brained , ti = right brained ) . ... i think a lot of the talk about i don't have emotions etc , etc is kinda bullshit . i mean , everyone is going to have feelings and emotions , it's just whether or not we choose to act on them . even ... nope . i am loving this dialogue ! i think i'm starting to understand things a bit better ( differences in ne and ni were what i was having the most trouble with ) . you're dead on about me ... seconded ! i just wanted to come in here and say that , since i've been reading about tj lately . :) gotcha . that makes a lot of sense . but , what if one ( an istp ) were to be thinking ( ti-ing ) up in his head , but not intuiting ? would we be using our other introverted processes ( fi or si ... each of you make interesting points ! so , is the base question whether or not ti is used alone ? it seems that se cannot only be involved with the exact present of the moment , as se dominants ... agreed . uh-oh . now you're confusing me , lol . > _ < actually , not really , because everyone uses every function at some point or another . i'm still reasonably convinced i prefer ni , overall . i ... i completely agree now . after i stopped obsessing over the details , it kind of all fell into place . :) for the record , i'm not into the high thrill sports stuff like the stereotypes claim , either . but that stuff aside the paragraph fits me well ( including the bolded parts ! ) . yep , you sound like an ... haha , maybe i'm slowly becoming that way , myself . :) yeah , i've thought about doing something like that ! but i would have to learn a lot more about this stuff before i would be able to do that . good luck with your searching ! i hope you figure it ... aww , i'd call myself an intellectual . and i like abstract subjects just as well as practical matters ( although , they probably need to serve some other purpose or goal to keep up my interests in the ... those seem like very vague and kind of stereotyped descriptions to me ... based on those defs , i do both equally , but you're not really getting into what exactly the processes do . i don't think ... haha , no prob , dj . : happy : '