' has there ever been a moment in which you just couldn't make up your mind or abstained from making a decision all together ? ? hey guys , i know entjs are generally considered pretty decisive and aggressive but i'm curious about whether or not there have been any entjs who can be pretty indecisive or if it's very rare . have ... i do this thing called telling them . welcome to the internet . it's generally said that entjs believe in the idea of people demonstrating a level of competence before lending them any genuine respect . however , what do you do when faced with an incompetent ... my behavior could easily be considered similar to that of an fe dom in my relationships because i tend to get overly concerned about the well being of the other person i have phases where i become ... well it's interesting when you put it that way because when i was younger it was more in the context of there's no point in discussing this when your personal agreement / disagreement doesn't change ... does this perspective seem more intp-ish or xintj-ish to you ? ? when it comes to controversial issues i'm of the belief that people's values , and beliefs are purely subjective and don't really ... does this perspective seem more intp-ish or xintj-ish to you ? ? when it comes to controversial issues i'm of the belief that people's values , and beliefs are purely subjective and don't really ... lol oh boy ... should i add entj to my list of mistypes ? ? 24 tell me about it .. how is it that everytime i meet an infp they come up with a good logical plan and manage to screw it up by not following through with it by creating a different half assed pie in ... lol i just saw that on facebook do we really piss them off that much ? ahhh , that's interesting .. what's it like being an entj with a strong si and ti ? ? o_o where did you get your mbti done ? ? you know the result in your sig that says te , si , ti , se , ni , fi , ne , fe ? well , while i have all you awesome entjs here .. i have to ask . is it true that in order to be considered an entj you must always discuss finances and how much money you actually have in the bank ? yes : 3 * takes the last swig * lol i don't know mannn ... that sounds bad too .. it makes it seem as though the angry mob of entjs wins out every time . i just want to start out by saying i love the way you organized this list . :D i can identify with point one for sure and honestly , it's a little concerning for me because he says that he wants a ... lol awh man ... it sounds like people had best watch their backs xd hey guys , i'm curious about the dynamic between entjs and infps in the context of a relationship . what have some of your experiences been ? ? ? did it last at all ? hey guys , i just got involved with an infp and wanted to know what the best method is for helping an infp feel liked and appreciated in a relationship . what are some things infps generally value in a ... will there be bouncers ? ? : o hey guys , is it true that entjs could be considered more expressive with their thoughts and feelings compared to intjs ? ? if so , how ? ? well i've decided to cut off contact ... he gave me the classic lemme look into it when i asked him about meeting up as friends .. it's not even like i asked him on a date . i don't think i want to deal ... well ... actually .. i really like him and i know i have a pretty big personality and sometimes i get worried that he might feel like i'm not listening to what he has to say and that i'm dominating the ... hey guys , recently i met an infp that i've come to be really interested in and i was hoping i could get some tips / feedback from you guys regarding how to help him feel listened to in a discussion and ... hey guys , i need you guys ' feedback if that's ok ? ? i've always tested as intj but a friend of mine from the forum seems to think i have very fluid use of te and that chances are i'm an entj so i just ... well , i mean that i'm more expressive than the intj description indicates and tend to react to an immediate situation based on what i feel is necessary , and i tend to create plans pretty quickly ... the changes that i'm directly responsible for both through insight and application . the name of the game is to use determine the practical viability of a concept or idea through application . of ... well , i'm starting to notice that about myself as i get older , for example if i'm at work or in a class i generally end up getting into disputes my employers and my professors the most recent being ... hey guys , i need you guys ' feedback if that's ok ? ? i've always tested as intj but a friend of mine from the forum seems to think i have very fluid use of te and that chances are i'm an entj so i just ... hey guys , i need you guys ' feedback if that's ok ? ? i've always tested as intj but a friend of mine from the forum seems to think i have very fluid use of te and that chances are i'm an entj so i just ... when faced with highly emotional situations like situations involving affection how do you respond ? ? could it be considered a trait attributed to fi if a person shuts down in a situation that ... but what if it involves someone you know being taken advantage of or hurt in some way ? what do you do when you know something will turn out badly at the cost of everyone involved and no one really listens to your warnings or sees the larger picture ? ? how do you deal with the ... / thread that doesn't sound like she was yelling to me . to me it sounds like concern for the other students involved in the situation , and she's right . why would you make others susceptible to your ailments ... indeed good sir , indeed . how do you keep focused on a task at hand ? ? how to you maintain your objective so that you can actually meet deadlines ? ? everytime i try studying for a class i like to stop and think about what ... what is it about enfps that attracts intjs ? ? do you guys have some type of intj magnet on your back or something ? recently , i had asked what are intjs like when they're angry in the intj group on fb and people had given me some really interesting answers . one of which stated that intj + anger = lose . we ... why must you infect people with your feels ? ? ? what is your secret ? ? ? do you guys have a secret infj society in which you devise plans to dominate the world with feels to inspire people to be more ... i know what you mean . believe it or not my fi is my highest function and it's nice to know i'm not alone . when i see someone and their body language i can kind of pick up on their emotions a little ... reading into people ? surely possible . reading into emotions ? uh , i don't think so . i think for the most part we are just not too interested in most other people , therefore we don't spend much ... do you think intjs can be just as skilled and concerned with patterns and processes as it relates to people as infjs ? ? i've heard people say that intjs can actually read into people quite well but ... what type of people inspire you the most ? ? ? what do you feel your life represents and values do you hold in high regard in your own life and why ? ? ? growing up did you experience something that lead ... lol every time i read your posts i imagine the triangle in your avatar is talking to me . is that why you have a picture of fluttershy as your avatar ? xd i'm sorry .. i couldn't help myself .. i think it's cute . you seem so confident , how does one garner this much confidence ? ? ? what is your secret ? ? ? is it true that the confidence an intj has is proportional to the amount of knowledge they have in their ... '