' the way you structured this post is very ti heavy , but you seem ne with the witty humor ( i especially liked the evaluation joke ... ) . you'd fit fine with either xntp type , i'd say you lean more intp ... i've flirted with addiction , whether it be marijuana or foods such as tea . also because of this inferior se , i will become very awkward or extremely euphoric in situations where i am in constant ... there are definitely people who still appreciate the artistic value behind music , although not as much as people used to . usually underground communities do the best . my personal favorites are undertow and lateralus ( the artwork is my favorite and reflection is just so awesome ) . choose yours ! : kitteh : hi there , and welcome to perc : > 136 . but my eq sucks . infp's all the way , they feel like a big ball of your fi . and much better at lifting you up in a more subdued way . i've always felt as if i wasn't part of the intj mold because i much preferred stuff like english over math , and art over science ( although i do love a lot of science classes but my passion is art ) ... for an example in my songwriting process , i can write songs just about anything and i rarely have a set plan when i do . i just pick up my guitar and get a tune sometimes it seems out of the blue , and ... i am an intj , my functions are ni , te , fi , se . but i have a deep loving for creating odd or unordinary theories which in definition is more ne than ni . and i overall feel ne dominant or auxiliary . ... infp , i have the undying empathy for others probably because of how i was raised and i seem very ne . i analyse the contents of the problem , and think i don't know the question when i actually do but i have no idea to apply it correctly aka know i'm correct . i'm an intj and i relate to kurt so much that i still feel like i need to re-evaluate my type ... : laughing : i love my infp friend , he's the only one i spare my intj wrath on . :p roud : :p roud : his lyrics are very ne , and he definitely seemed fi , i'd say infp in his younger years , and grew to be more of an extrovert as he got older ( typically ) . so that's why i unnecessarily wrote so much when i did essays ? had a friend who was estp , stopped being his friend in a matter of a week . he was unnaturally distant and would act angrily and rudely around my other istp friend ian . the only estp i've ever had an ... i prefer my music to be unemotional ... are you dumb ? i can't have my pens missing man , it just doesn't feel right . well maybe if you had paid attention instead of talking about what you ... i think my se is extremely high , i still love to fuck around with my friends outside and explore the things around me such as animals ( there is a large amount of rabbits around here ) . when you're angry , but still cold and calculating :p roud : i feel stupid and contagious . i dunno , i really love my enfj art teacher : o i am not too fond of the typical metal bands like metallica , iron maiden , anthrax , but i love bands such as helmet , black sabbath and led zeppelin , but i'm really more of a punk intj ( they do exist ! ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YI9EatxER6w :p roud : < iframe width = 420 height = 315 src = https://www.youtube.com/embed/YI9EatxER6w frameborder = 0 allowfullscreen > </iframe> :p roud : i'd say inxp's since they are kinda more in their own world than j's , but i don't know a lot of j's besides me , and i'm in my head and pretty philosophical too for an intj . i'm actually having a hard time finding any guys in the entj forum ... what is it about you guys that turns me into a snuggle monster ? like everyone else , but you would never wanna hear how i talk / what i talk about in my head . i like to play along with people who expect me to break , sometimes i'll purposely give in to stupidity ... is there any huge differences between intj's and entj's besides understanding of emotions / introversion and extroversion ? i'd say intp's simply because they don't always have to plan a move like intj's and they could catch us off-guard . i dunno , i really like infp's but dislike every other nf , sj's bore me to death ( with the exceptions of a few isfj's ) , sp's are fun to watch get in trouble and my best friend ian is istp , and other ... i knew intj females would be more common . : kitteh : i was the kid so unconscious of my surroundings that i would roll around the floor pretending i was a character from the harry potter books i had read . i tend to visit esxx forums to see the differences in what they post / enjoy . besides that , i post sometimes in the infp forum ( i just like infp's a lot for some reason ... ) of course , every type can be creative . are n's more likely to be the typically creative type ? definitely . but remember that each letter is a preference . not a special code that puts everyone who ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YI9EatxER6w my favorite alt-metal band ever . why are you guys so adorable ? : kitteh : porn addiction ? not really , but i do have an addiction for thinking about it .. : blushed : kinky ? not really sure , but i am really interested in being a female dominant in terms of a sexual ... just list any infp pass-times and those would be mine . : kitteh : it's interesting that you say that because songwriting for me comes really easy , maybe because of my ennegram 5w4 . i feel as if a lot of intj descriptions give us props on creativity , but we are rarely seen as artistic because of our thinking ( t ) preference . is it just highly-developed fi in intj's that grants ... you think too much ! why do you look so angry ? is there something wrong with me ? lighten up will you ? i am silently strangling you in my head . entp's , these types are usually loads of fun to be around , and they can help me chill went i'm being such a nazi about my work / organization . as for the least , i'd have to say entj's , i just envy ... with an infj : this won't get anywhere , these guys are more stubborn than some sj's i know ... with an infp : i like how interested and open they are to what i have to say c : with an enfp : stop ... most of what you said doesn't sound too abstract : kitteh : you really sound like an infj though . yeah , it's alright , some great images are on tumblr . not an nt ( an nf ) but i do the same thing to others , especially sp types . yes , to me stone temple pilots should deserve a lot more credit , especially after scott weiland's death ... essential grunge albums : dirt ( alice in chains ) nevermind ( nirvana ) core ( stone ... '