pistachio florence and the machine - rabbit heart ( p . e . s . t remix ) no thank you ... you deserve it :p roud : * gives you bear hug * : kitteh : if the right kind of people come here i think it will appear more offensive than the other opinions : laughing : although inside i am seething with anger and confusion : angry : * kidding * , i will be ... the knight is honored to have served my lady :p roud : . hahaahhaaa ... death and difficulties seem to generate the most humor for me . : crazy : and sadness is the curse of sweet and kind people . i always ... :p roud : not always but try to most of the time . i just cant stay sad for longer than an hour . that is what i thought . i have lost so many pets that i just make up imaginary places for them : happy : seema yeah : sad : . once we had a hen and she had her eggs that she was sitting on . it was so hot that the eggs got spoiled and i think she kinda went crazy from the loss of her unborn 20-22 kids . she just ... i always thought pakistanis / indians love the mangoes most , but you guys seem crazy for them too . your place sounds like haven . i have had many birds and animals as pets . love birds , parrots , ... mangoes are the only reason i care any bit about summers : laughing : . here we call them the king of fruits . dont worry i drink tons of water . yeah trees make such a difference . i would love to see ... urdu , english and little bit punjabi . i understand spoken hindi . the prince - machiavelli i actually do drink at least a glass of water right before sleeping . in cooler weathers i may have that waking-up-in-the-middle-of-the-night-to-pee problem but now honestly it all perspires . i wake ... yup , about the length of a hand long stick at the bottom . we also have perfected different techniques to cover wider area : laughing : . i usually use 360 degree style so everyone get the benefits . yeah ... yeah the battery operated fans , we have them here but i think they are a bit expensive . everything is expensive here . we are trying to convince our dad to get a generator or at least a ups . but he ... i think we have kind of gotten used to it . it still frustrates everyone , it has destroyed our industries , our economy is suffering . most families now have generators so they dont even notice the ... hahahaa ... not very far off from the reality . we have a nation wide electricity shortage.it has been like this for about a decade now.or this is how far i remember :p roud : . so we have load shedding ... yeah the heat is killer here too . on top of that we dont have electricity half the day . but at least i dont have to go outside . rest of my family has turned orange : laughing : . i can work with frozen yogurt : kitteh : . thanks for the kindness . p . s . the sight of that little kitty in your avatar does lessen few of my worries <3 i would really like to see your definition of rights . men are told not to hit a girl cause girls are physically often smaller and weaker than men . hell i am a girl , but i am used to of getting rough ... ice cream , a generator and i am not trying to be too demanding but maybe a cooler or ac too ... everything will be peachy then : kitteh : . it is so hot here 38-42 c : angry : if i use as reference , archetypes used in modern psychological astrology , your problems seem like the issues faced by someone with a very strong neptune or at least a sun or moon placement in pisces ... oh my god , you have my father's taste : kitteh : . he used to skip school to go watch her movies : laughing : there are so many i cant decide ... maybe angelina jolie and people like you are needed to restore faith in humanity : wink : . cuz some people have a way of making others hate humans . the truth is i kinda agree with you if i let my idealist side loose . you are a supremely sweet and soft-hearted person : kitteh : . i am not to that extend . true , we need better prison systems . but by that i dont mean luxurious places but a place where we can get something productive out of the prisoners . i think you are too kind-hearted : happy : . i ... 73861 you are right . the judicial system in pakistan is deplorable . honestly the state of the prisons here , you will see the prisoners begging for quick death . i too think that most persecutions are ... i think the point where we decide to kill someone should be when we are sure that the harm they can cause to the society is way more than any benefits of their existence and their is no possibility ... for me i think i dont do things i dont want others to do to me and do things that if i were in there situation i would like them to do for me . this is disturbing : confused : yeah happens with me . it is mostly my family ( i am the only girl ) but i dont get upset that much as it is there last attempt to win an argument with me : laughing : . in general being a girl is a pain , ... this is exactly what i am trying to find . i wanted to find samples of every type and compare the charts with the exact opposite type to see the difference . and not just the zodiac signs . i am also ... not until there is an external force . i always make these study schedules like oh there is 1 month left till exams so i will divide the course over the 30 days ... and then i don't start working on ... okay , i understand the distrust . another approach could be that you list your astrological aspects ( within 5 degree orb ) , along with the signs and houses your planets reside in , your ascendant and ... rebecca ? ? ... it is for my own knowledge . maybe calling it a research is a bit of a stretch . i am not interested in saying a particular sun sign generates more xxx types . there are so many factors ... the best thing about intp is no one can argue with you and win . there is no winnable argument against logic . others can mock , act stubborn or get defensive but you will always have the respect cause ... hey , i am interested in seeing if there is a correlation between the mbti types and there dominant astrological aspects / planets / signs / elements . since my test result label me as intp , i want to start ...