' i really love a lot of tumblr text posts . some of them really make me laugh ! memes , good comedy movies ... some say i have quite a dry , slightly sexual sense of humour sometimes but that's okay . fox , rabbits or cats ( of any kind ) watching mockingjay part 1 with my fiancé :) i enjoyed my day . music , psychology , makeup & fashion , video games , zodiac , opinions on hot topics , to name a few ... i like the idea of a bad boy / girl , but only bad in a way i can understand / empathise with i suppose . if they're just horrible people i won't be interested . my fiancé used to be a bad boy , but ... today started pretty rubbish , but has now turned into a pretty good day . i feel very happy and contented thanks to a sort of surprise visit from my fiancé <3 i smoke . sometimes enjoy it , sometimes don't . i started because of peer pressure and am now kind of addicted . thinking about dinner because i am hungry a yogurt tired & fed up . social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... scrambled eggs on toast i'm getting better at shrugging off embrassment but apparently i still show signs of being embrassed . i try and make out it doesn't bother me but to be honest it does . dying my hair purple ( again ) i agree with mikan ... this thread in every post is pretty much me to a t . i'm a scorpio now ? i was on ( according to some websites ) the cusp between scorpio and sagittarius though so i can believe i'm either to a point . how much i hate cleaning at the moment bad neighbours . i personally find it hilarious , but i'm not sure my fiancé sound it as funny as i did . cats in general for me . i think they're gorgeous , calm ( most of the time ) , graceful and cute . isfp & sagittarius :) a banana and some red grapes . at my mum and dads , on personality cafe and facebook on my ipad ... black , pink & purple for me ! apparently people think - sometimes - that i look my age . some think i look younger though . i'm 22 . i loved guardians of the galaxy . i was a bit skeptical about whether or not i'd enjoy it , judging by the trailers , but i loved it ! it's definitely one of my favourite marvel movies - perhaps my # 1 . i'm am isfp and i'm a sagittarius . i'm typing this with a music channel on the tv in the background a text from my fiancé ... i only got up an hour ago . he really knows how to make me smile . puppets are one of my phobias too . also , heights and huge spiders . and for some reason magpies . you know you're an isfp when you take a trip out with your parents , put your headphones in , and get this amazing plot idea for a piece of fiction in your head , to the music . exhausted from a tiring day . i last ate some pineapple pieces :) they were lovely . hi everyone ! i'm izzy , female , 22 and from the uk . i'm an isfp from what i believe ! i enjoy music , fashion , makeup artistry , spending time with my fiancé , spending time with my family , playing ... '