' i would counter the idea that it's impossible to change : as there's very little real science in regards to this , i would say suggesting that permanent change is impossible is merely a theory rather ... and i don't mean simply in regards to test results , ie . wow , one day the test thought i was an e . i mean literally - - if you're an introvert now , were you ever an extrovert ? vice versa ? when i was a ... the interesting thing about mass shootings is that they tend to have different frequencies in other countries : although i'm too lazy to look up the statistics , i'm pretty sure , for instance , that ... usually something that doesn't try to move me , rather something that just so happens to be moving . not necessarily something sad , either people overcomplicate these things . there's no way 35 % of the intp population doesn't fit into the binary straight or gay . maybe 2-5 % doesn't , but not 35 % . highsexdrive bestsexdrive . once you adjust to the enfps borderline comic frequency . they just love love . and orgasms . whatever . good for them . i just suppress them until they start eating away at me . then when they're eating me alive i suppress them some more . by the time my body has been consumed and the feelings start eating at my soul , i ... gay people have certain brain structures that resemble the opposite sex . gay men , for instance , have a larger corpus collosum . they also score lower of spatial orientation tests but higher of verbal ... my interpretation is that enfps will borderline throw themselves at you . that said , there will be a little bit of nervousness , coyness - - but i think for the most part they're pretty obvious . im not ... o man , this almost seems classic ! he likes you a lot . trust me . intps need space , however , that's just the reality . so when it seems like he's pulling away by needing alone time , it doesn't mean it's ... i keep reading enfp type profiles and every one seems to mention that enfps are in some constant search for meaning in their lives , or that everything they do must have some kind of meaning ... pretty sure i wouldn't want a single one of these enfp compliments directed at me . so gooey . yuck most people i meet seem to get the impression that i dislike them even though i don't . i'm perfectly cordial , but maybe a little bit cold and certainly lacking enthusiasm . i'm the same way to people ... so as of right now , i'm not very happy . i haven't been for awhile , to be honest . throughout most the day , my anxiety levels are fairly high , even during times when they don't have to be . i'm also a ... thanks guys . unfortunately not as much happened as i thought would by now . we at one point were in the same room , and i noticed him looking at me , seemingly dumbfounded ( this was in my peripheral ... if an intp realises he / she is being seduced , they will freak . the . fk . out . srsly . so the only way to seduce them is to ... make them not realise they're being seduced ? intps seem too clever for ... thanks for all your feedback . some tidbits : i have the grades , the time and money available to me to pursue a graduate degree in either programme . this is my forth year in undergraduate studies , ... solely from observations , and by no means is this statement universal , but those who place high value on intelligence tend to be intelligent even though they still don't think they're intelligent ... the whole hipster phenomenon seems to me just another way to lay a whole bunch of hate on people you haven't even met . on a side note , people have noted that i'm vaguely hipster-ish . yup , both my parents and siblings are sjs . they nitpick everything and try to schedule my life . they think that my thoughts , concepts and beliefs are ridiculous and they think that i , as a person , ... people don't like talking about logic and ideas all the time . a good chat about * * * ing seems healthy to me . it's always good fun . i was reading it over more , and from what i read it seems to me that i use it . but maybe it's difficult to tell : because i ti hard , i might be confusing my ti with my fi . i don't like jumping to ... i have a healthy dose of fi : more so i believe than the intp is predicted to have according to mbti . that's , of course , not to say that i don't have fe . in fact , i probably have a bit more fe and fi ... how do you react when you get caught checking someone out ? are any of you hot-headed ? what makes you frustrated or angry and how do you react to this ? is anger a sign of enfp unhappiness ? if ... i've had several enfps attracted to me . they seem to do anything to get my attention , and once they have it , they crumble into awkward introversion . they wield their voice shyly , they pick and choose ... your use of third person irked the hell out of me . not to mention some of your words feel very forced , eg . gauchely . his distance indicates three things : he's an intp , he's busy , and he's ... i study science , more particularly , physics . i love science , and i am thrilled that two years ago i switched from pursuing a degree in the liberal arts to pursuing a degree in the sciences . i feel ... it's not necessarily lack of ambition , it's simply poor time management . time management ought to be the toughest thing to manage properly in university , but of course there are tricks to help you ... yes it rewards us . i would argue the social custom came from the natural desire to have a single mate and as a form of social organization ( which would be an evolutionary advantage . one of man's ... mbti can become a self-fulfilling prophecy . intp profiles tend to say that intps are hyper logical , scientific minds , which isn't necessarily accurate . have a read through the intp forums sometimes , ... i don't fully understand the concept of naturally as in not naturally monogamous . i'm pretty sure people are natural , biological beings . okay , so social customs maybe condition the concept of ... omg :D <3 ! ! ! i was thinking about the intp-enfp match and couldn't help but consider the various psych resource warnings that enfps tend to move around a lot in relationships . enfps love excitement , sports , ... you need to walk up to him and say the following : i fucking like you okay ? let's try dating . do you have a pair of rollerblades ? that intp is analysing the fuck out of the situation : what ... i'll keep it short because people don't want to read a page of lyrics from an artist they don't care about : moons and junes and ferris wheels the dizzy dancing way you feel as every fairy tale ... dreamy fantasies that make me happy alternating with thoughts like am i f * * * ing mental ? and what the hell has happened to my mind ? . also , periods of despair . or are we talking actual ... amen to that ! not telling of age , no , i'm still young . telling of my soul , however ( an old one ) . what about everyday affection ? are enfps always wanting to be in your presence ? are they always touching and kissing , praising you ? are they insecure if you don't show affection ? ask for ... alone again - gilbert o'sullivan seems so long ago , nancy - leonard cohen there are many , many depressing songs . regret is what keeps the records spinning ( that's paraphrasing willie nelson . i ... so enfps do feel awkward ! he did seem to slow down during our conversations compared to when he was talking to others . he spoke softly instead of enthusiastically . and when he was moving in for a ... last school semester there was this boy . rather straight acting , to be honest , and rather different in personality . he was clearly outgoing , emotional and fun loving which contrasted my reserved , ... '