' can't decide between te and ne . inferior te is ok , but as dom-inant ... it's kinda dom-ineering . dominant ne is pretty annoying . and as inferior it is also annoying because of all the anxiety ... i daydream a lot . but like johnson.han . 3 said , it's mainly about concrete things ... well , i think fe is great . i seem to be realising more and more that people don't like it because they think it's fake or whatever . well , i just won't bother going out of my way to show it then ... i'm sorry . can i be forgiven ? actually , let me rephrase : when i first saw spiderman iii ( with tobey maquire ) , i thought it was quite good . but eight years later , and after having read comments on imdb about why it is not ... australia ( city of sydney , in the state of new south wales ) . hey , just wondering if this ever happens to anyone else : do you sometimes do things that are not quite right ( like , you are 60-80 % sure that it's not right ) , but you go ahead and do it anyway , ... 8: 30pm - i'm in my room , still sweating it out ... they're predicting a cooler weekend - oh , yes please ! ! i just want to let y'all know that , according to sources , it's gonna be really , really hot tomorrow ( friday 20th ) . do tell ! yes , i am goofy . and awkward . and i also love trolling . yes , isfjs do want others to be happy ! ! ! sorry , had nothing significant to add there - just wanted to affirm . well , you're an isfp so ... perhaps you belong over there . on the isfp forum . it's a start ? :) i'm not an intp ( i'm a female isfj ) but i also have some trouble making / keeping friends . yeah . they can be pretty scary , but so cool too . oooh , interesting , why the intj thread ? ( i have two family members who are intjs , hence my interest :) . stogicery iswery lupidery . stoic gis dulip . mine are : » you have 80 posts and 10 threads . » you have 0 posts per day ( 2 posts today ) . » you own 0.00 % of the forum's posts . » you are most active in general chat with 26 posts . » your activity ... lol . but i still think they look the best on elizabeth i . spam . for when my ne needs to do some ( respectable ) trolling :) and general chat . egypt and france ( no , i have not been to france even though everyone else around me has ) . i would also say london , but i've already been there :) depression / manic depression / anxiety / avoidant personality disorder / paranoia / ocd but i don't think i have enough of any one item to warrant therapy or counselling ... but i feel that the ... ... something happened that turned things around ( i . e . it was a real breakthrough ) ? ? if so , could you describe ? thanks . i read your post with keen interest . thanks for sharing . sure ! i love the stuff ! good point ! : laughing : ... if ' tis true , then , if it pleases you my lord , may you excuse me from this undertaking ? ( after all , nobody wants an inferior fridge , do they ? ? ! ) oh i wasn't being sarcastic ; was just genuinely curious . lol . what would i do for love ? well , hopefully many good deeds :) thanks for that ! in the song , when he says but i won't do that , what exactly is he talking about ? ( sorry , i haven't actually read the lyrics ; too lazy ) . i have inferior ne ... does that count ? i've never seen tails with fairies on them . that would be , like , awesome ! ! ! jafar from aladdin ... i think q : what's your favourite line / quote from a disney film ? hehe , thanks :) this is totally how i feel sometimes . and just for the record , i worry a lot . awww , you sound like such a nice husband goliath ! ! i have an older sister who is an intj ; when i first entered the workforce about 10 years ago she used to give me some great counselling when i ... no one has responded to this yet , so i ’ ll respond . if i see a cockroach or spider i will yell and scream until my dad gets rid of it . so not much ' reasoning ' there i'm afraid . ok , seriously : ... on behalf of myself , i know nothing about music theory . had some violin lessons when i was little , but that's about it . i was afraid that someone was going to suggest that . guess there's no way around it : i'll have to start mehing . i'll try blerging as per wellsy's suggestion ( i mean , he's an optometrist , so ... yay ! my birthday = 1st august ( one day after harry potter's birthday ) . yes , elizabeth taylor's white diamonds is the best ! ( for women , that is ) . i like her black pearls too . cologne on men ? sure , why not ! :) cool ! ! i'm sorry , i'm not a professional music composer . ah ! well , you know all about it then ! no , i haven't tried blergh blerghing . only blahing . do you think blerghing could work ? ? ? i didn't take no test , but i'm pretty sure i have a low iq . someone said that isfjs have no objective logic ( or somefin like dat ) , and i think i'll just believe it . university is getting too ... lovely advice ! thank you . it's ok , managed to upload them here . sort of corporate stuff mainly . there's a fashion company in australia called cue . ideally , i'd like to work for them . their designs are becoming more and more ... 3660743660 82 '