' all the wrong people seem to fall for me . everyone else couldn't care less xd the last sort-of relationship i had was very on-off , but we were in love . the real deal . we would have died for each other , but it ended very messily and i don't think i'll ever fully recover , but ... omg actually theres this girl who hangs out with us in the common room at college . she's nice and i didnt notice she was an extreme moaner till i was with her on her own . i walk home with her cause ... i'm a hypocrite here cause i complain loads and sometimes don't even realise i'm doing it ... but at the same time it really annoys me when other people do it ! ! ones i've had this week ! ! : don't worry . you'll never be called ' normal ' oh my god . you are so nosy yes . it's a bad thing . um ... okay ... you're such a woman ! you're really ... i dont think much of the big powdery ones edit : i realise now i was in fact thinking of jelly babies ! ! fail . that is actually me in a nutshell o . o in person is always best ! ! but the sentiment will be nice no matter what ! ! best : being able to read people , care for people and being super creative . worst : nobody realising ( or understanding ) how much i actually unconditionally care for everyone and of course i can't do ... i just don't understand why people always lie and act insensitive ! ! i've had enough of it i just don't get it at all ! ! :( your type : enfp mom's type : ixxx ( she's complicated ) dad's type : entp siblings ' type ( s ): infp best friends ' type ( s ): esfj , enfp , istj current / last significant others ' type : istp type ( s ) you ... dinah washington - i'll close my eyes singing music and acting but i am only good at these because i wanted to be good at these ! ! i love britney i have her new album on cd its really good she's really nice and down to earth as well so im happy for her . i think everyone felt sorry for her when she had her breakdown . helicopters ... 1 . i have a freakishly fast metabolism . i eat wayyy too much food and somehow have a 19 inch waist ! ! 2 . i feel the cold terribly . i can wear 6 layers and still be freezing whilst everyone else ... well then they are crap therapists . we all can choose to be certain ways and do certain things . anyone can act anyway at anytime whenever , wherever or however they choose . when you think of it like ... omg i would never forgive myself for hurting a penguin ! ! :( i can be likethis but i have a thing in me that just refuses to let any friendships or relationships slip away so i suddenly become really clingy and so i go the other way and become the person ... to someone , i know we may never speak again but please either leave my thoughts alone or send a signal to me that you care . i am tormented everyday . i don't understand how you could ever leave me ... i wouldn't worry too much about it . getting better is more important than putting a label on yourself . it's all stuff that no one can really help you with over the internet . counselling ? x dear my bed . you are such a tease . you look so comforting and irresistible in the morning yet at 2 am you don't appeal to me at all ! ! i know i am not right in the head and to be honest i wouldn't have it any other way ! ! ooh i have to add to this . ones i get : calm down slow down dude , i don't understand a word of what you just said you are the funniest person i have ever met yeah , whatever you ... i remember i was clinically depressed a couple years back and kept coming back as intp , when i am not that at all . it's just i was answering the questions as a depressed extrovert who had lost their ... they are compatible it just requires work . thing is people are always going to care . it drives me crazy when people i care about dont tell me how they feel . personality type ? enfp enneagram type ? 4 favorite color ? omg i love all colours . i've always loved reds though . especially blood red . so warm and inviting shes a very complicated person and whilst i have nothing against her i have to say whenever i hear her speaking i think she sounds mentally ill . just the way she talks and what she says . it wouldnt ... hmmm . i think i understand . it must be difficult to constantly hold your tongue to think about things , but probably stops you from saying stuff you'll regret . it's just unfair on everyone else ... jungyesmbtino everyone is capable of pushing themselves to take a leading role , but that doesn't necessarily mean it comes naturally to them . not being afraid to make decisions has a lot to do ... o . o its more destructive to bottle things up though , surely ? and thats the thing in a relationship i believe in doing things together its like they might be having this big process going on in their ... jungyesmbtino anyone can be a singer but like extroverts are more likely to want to perform in front of lots of people . every tj i've ever worked with has assumed responsibility in groupwork and ... thanks guys ! ! ! nothing beats a warm welcome ! ! i'm sure i'll have a nice stay here ! ! i'd say she was extroverted , partly because of her field of work , and her lack of shame , guilt , embarassment . she's not afraid to do anything in front of anyone for anything . i'd say she was also tj ... omg i felt like this like i was enfp then entp then intp then infp and now im enfp again ! ! ! i have a few favourite voices . cher goes without saying for me ! ! i also adore dinah washington , britney spears ( yes laugh all you want ) , annie lennox , cyndi lauper , paradise oskar , simon curtis , ... art , music and drama but i wasn't bad at the academic stuff but it was sooo boring for me ! ! this is interesting cause all the people i've fallen for or a developed feelings for have happened to be introverted ! ! i'm not sure why . i feel like it might be something to do with like , me looking ... definitely a singer ! ! i'd love to get paid for doing what i love to do ( singing and performing ) . getting paid for singing my own songs and performing them to big audiences ! ! otherwise i'd love to ... we are all big human cocktails made up of experiences heyyy guys ! ! i'm new so thought i'd post a little intro thread . i'm syd . i'll tell you a little about myself ok : male , i'm an enfp i'm 18 i live in a large town ( but not a city cause its too ... '