' i would imagine i would be the kid that needs parenting . when getting inside a building is more difficult than thinking about the universe . sounds like you have a stable relationship . we entps consider dating to be mutually shared events between two people that go ' just beyond hanging out ' outside of our present environment . challenge ... owch . that burns . happens to me too , except usually too late and i'm already dating the person . it sucks when the person stands confused about wtf happened and our drop in interest , but i guess you ... that seems slow and steady , as opposed to the train wrecks of analogies the other entps provided . do explain more . interesting . i can maintain super-focus only if i remember that i need to ... i often receive comments from people that they want to analyze how my mind works and i am usually at a loss because even i don't know how my brain works very often , even with the knowledge of mbti ... my esfp brother and my enfp sister are very different . my enfp sister tries to be cool and use se but looks silly and my brother tries hard at theoretical research ( ne ) . i've noticed that esfps ... you know you are a perceiver when you do your christmas shopping for 2014 in jan 2015 ( hey , thats when clearance deals are there ) when you have multiple things things of the same toiletries ... how accurate is buzzfeed's advice on life ? one of my best friends is an entp writing major . entps are more than capable to being good writers ... that is if we follow through enough and make our stories logically consistent enough ... entj and entp working together can be dangerous , but potentially powerful . if the situation is restrained enough so that we have to work together , then shit will will happen ; entp will figure out ... as long as there isn't a too strong te emphasis , then i'm fine thinking and learning about science . i like the sense discovery and understanding you get when you solve scientific problems . but ... maybe this is why my parents and essentially every other family member of my household want me to more like an entj ... > . > whatever . they seem to open up when you genuinely listen to their theories , treat them like queens , and give them thoughtful gifts . that'll work for anyone , but a surefire way to an infj's heart . note : this is slightly different than the relationship advice thread what is your experience with this mysterious social construct ? i have been on one with an esfj ... that was awkward . about to ... art major here . love painting and sculpture ... but i also write ( and design ) video games and do some photography cannot sing did a bit of acting in high school ... tried to get back in to in ... one of the central premises of mbti is that all types are equal . i'm sure it must be chaos when in panic mode for an isfj , but panic isn't exclusive to ij types . i have had existential bitching ... when people are put off by your objectivity . when science news are more touching and interesting than any ethical-leaning news ; in fact if someone gushes out ethical statements like facts makes ... auxiliary ti is a beautiful thing . most of our charm comes from a complete emotional detachment from people and the complete rejection of the sj system , allowing my ne to make insightful comments ... you have just answered yourself . you're more likely to find a religious estp ... and they can be surprisingly religious . :P we entps regardless of gender reject religion around our teens . but i ... this deliberation and constant vacillation back and forth is ti trying to control the ne flow of ideas and seeming contradictions . happens on my papers ( unintentionally ) all the time . this is all ... idk ... most of my friends have been infj . there is a strange attraction and yes , they are surprisingly easy to amuse . but so are really any if type . i've made infps , isfps , isfjs and infjs laugh , but ... sounds a lot like my intj dad .   ... not like him . though he has stated that i should be a top wall street exec countless times . esxjs aren't good when i've tried to explain a pattern i've ... stunnedfox ... are you saying for like an itj x te fi x one can expect a larger difference on n and s rather than if they took a test , seeing if they were t or f becuase of the relative ... i made a similar , but more specific post about this in the infj forum , but i was curious about whether or not my list of characters and their mbti types were correct . i am almost done with the ... alright , everyone pretty much has seen it ( or at least the people who would be moderately interested in personality type theories ) and it has been pretty damn well written . i think the writers must ... c'mon . hot topic from every other type ... except for intps . why not rephrase it from an entp perspective , other types . :P what do you think about being clean ? let's be honest here ; i clean 1 ) ... i can't tell if the last bit of the wall of text is sarcasm or him being smothered by christ so much to the point of delusion . i have met many an isfj who treat me like an infant and smothers me ... orientation is not a choice . i have spent many a night trying to control these feelings . they have all yielded negative results . this on top of bullying , which i knew was ridiculous , provided the ... world collapses occur many times in my dreams . usually world collapsing is just a minor plot point in the grand sequence of my dreams . like last night , in my dream , it all started out figuring the ... dreams are like natural-born acid trips that reveal striking details of your psyche . i think there is a thread for dream analysis . but i can relate . my dreams are almost always surreal . world ... i thought it was about fi in general . i think ifps came in to aid us after our ti tried ( and failed ) to rationalize this function and understand it for what it truly is on fi ... well since my dad is intj and mom isfp there is a lot of fi in my home . and shit . i had to once give my intj dad advice on fi . felt like saws ripping my body . mom then wanted to ... i kind of have this problem with immersive rpgs . not going to lie . if i find a good tv show . i'll just stream it now . computer is the ill of all of my problems while at the same time , i need ... i've made a submission . :) mom : isfp dad : intj mom's side mom : intj mom's side dad : enfp dad's side mom : entj ( wasn't close enough to tell , but from her funeral alone and my driving her up the wall as a kid every time ... i have a picture of my 7th grade self hugging a tree . does that count ? :P lolz . has anyone yet done so ? i guess i have the advantage here since i took a painting class that did a reproduction of a famous bonnard : 149554 and here is my reproduction : 149562 nihil_humani it seems that your isfp didn't completely fill you . did you not try and provide interesting intellectual stuff that you dug up ? they really do appreciate help for those that can ... it is from a number of possibilities : 1 . because the file types and legal crap associated with the files . certain dvds are programmed to be register in certain areas , if you could rip ... fi resonates , eh ? whenever i am around infps i feel like it is the ne resonating . their fi intimidates me . ... or is fi resonating from shared emotional experiences ? fi is the butterfly in my ... even though i am pretty solidly entp i find myself convinced at times to be an enfp and then i look at one nearby ( or think of some of my friends who are enfp ) and then i say to myself , no , i am ... got an 80 . really boring . kept re-reading this crap over and over because my mind kept ignoring it . they were all really simple . lolz origami it is out of 100 know an isfj who has convinced himself he is intj . and it bothers me . a lot . socionics would claim it would be that his super-ego is showing , since i can act like esfp but i am not . anyway , i read ... have you heard of the reinin dichotomies of socionics ? this is like this , but more detailed . just btw . ei - initiating , contained , gregarious ( though small talk bores ) , active / reflective ( torn ) , ... true . i think the op was referring to the creativity associated with ne - divergent ideas , crazy thoughts that make no sense , and possibilities--ne . infps are creative in a sense that they ... second that . ti makes everything sound uncreative becuase ti by definition isn't . ti just processes information through internal logic . ne in your case is more auxillary , so it is a way to open ... you're probably having commitment fears . the post-sex cuddling gets really boring for me sometimes ; you might be too scared to intimately sharing that experience , knowing that you will be gone the ... happy birthday ! helps to develop that inferior si with that cake recipe ? :P warmth 2.2 / '