' i mistype as an intp all the time but it really wouldn't suit me . feeling is my weakest percentage of the four though i suppose . dares well my friends found this amusing as they do any of my rambles . today , when playing soccer on a fake grass field ( astro turf i've been told ) and i considered that you never have to mow the grass ... i agree with you . actually both my mbti ( infp of course ) and my enneagram ( type one ) , seem to always be attached to religion . i'm actually agnostic , but i do adhere rigidly to what i believe . sometimes ... semi-realism :D sometimes morbid or macabre ... u200bi ' m not much of a realism or cartoon person myself . illustration is my favorite . the best thing i can think of , at this moment and to the extent of experience , is to drink more water ( a lot more ) , eat vegetables as filler food when your hungry ( practically no calories ... just don't ... i think that i may think too much : 3 rcoai not relationship obsessed , withdrawn , risk averse , not wild and crazy , toned down , thinks before acting , fearless , peaceful , does not like to be the center of attention , quiet , relaxed , level ... hello ! greetings from another infp : kitteh : i've always been into the personality type quizzes myself but no one else ever seemed to care so i had the same thoughts when i decided to join . my brother ... there is peanut butter stuck to the roof of my dog's mouth ! for your amusement ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKcyiYHzWQE&feature=channel&list=UL and i finally finished an animation ! ... i voted wrong ... i'm actually an 8 . 8w9 to be exact . darn ... i can't change it . 4484044841 why is it sideways ! ! ! you can just turn our head sideway :) anyway i went ziplining today ! i am afraid of heights but i avoided staring off the edge of the platform for an awkward amount ... so i've been thinking how interesting it would be to fill the test with answers similar to my dogs behavior and also my cats . my dog , argos is an enfp and my cat minnie is an isfj . my thought about ... well i guess i got chosen for a leadership thing three times and at different places but i don't have the money for it ... my dog got groomed so he doesn't smell badly anymore and he'll be at a ... like a boss ... honestly . i don't know why . earlier it was skillet . i finally figured out how to use photoshop after a year or three ... >:) i can't draw clean lines on a computer so i add contrast to my sketch instead and it works so well comparatively :') you ... when you start thinking , wow i thanked a lot of posts in a row ... you finally are comfortable talking to someone so you start talking about something you like / an opinion and they don't respond ... i feel really lucky a lot of times . my dad is an infp and he always seems to understand me and get my sometimes odd tendencies . my mom and brother are frustrated that he doesn't show much emotion ... 10:30 to 1:00 is when i might decide to go to sleep but it takes me about one to two hours to fall asleep and then i always wake up too early ( 4 or 5 ) naturally so i go back to sleep and i keep waking ... kinda interesting twice red is my favorite color . bright red or crimson . i completely agree ! usually people act disinterested or just ignore you when it's brought up . it's so nice that there's a place for people who like personality studies ! sure thing ! i've got nothing better to do right now ! . ' sup guys ? you know your an infp when - oh hey what's that shiny thing over there ? * investigates and comes back * when you meet another infp you think ... you do this and this too ? so i'm not the only ... http://personalitycafe.com/vbseo/resources/images/forum/vbseo_like.png thanks received ( 50 ) ... 142 on good days and 5 ' 4 D: but i've been working out :) i've discovered that i normally weigh more than other people and i feel weak when i am around 120 so i'm thinking a 10 pound loss would be ... 1 drawing 2 pets 3 friends + family 4 imagination ! * throws sparkles * 5 chocolate 6 freedom ! ! ! 7 compliments 8 lots of time alone 9 ability to help others 10 something to write in smile at random objects because you were thinking about an event from a while ago or had a nice / strange thought i'm pretty young so i was freaked out but i figure i already have a facebook ( in other words i've already lost that ability ... ) i was wondering the same thing and then i figured i'd put up edited ... so many people like me that i've started to expect people to like me and think i'm great . same goes with my drawing and talents ; i expect people to compliment people because i have been told it was ... wow most infps are really good looking ! i'd be jealous if i didn't know better . i'm not too bad , though . 4390643909 43910 i'm concerned because i always took pride in not stealing but i have accidentally pirated music , from animes ( gendou.com ) , because lots of people recommended the site . i tried to delete all of the ... oh :( it must be because my computer died half way so i tried my phone ... i'll fix that :) 4389943900 4390143902 43903 i'm happy because i'm pretty young so this is pretty good for my age ! or so ... you would much rather live in your sleeping dreams than reality . when you think of your group of friends you can't help but to think of your role as something you'd see in a book . you are ... actually when i have a gut feeling that my favorite character is going to die , then i feel like the story won't be as interesting anymore when i talk to my infp friend i feel very understood . it is very different in my family though . being with so many others makes me realize differences , like my mom is more extroverted than the rest ... twigs cool ! :) they are done very well . i need to practice humans more 4360443605 43606 i'm pretty happy with my art although it'd always be nice to do better . my last one is a work in progress . hope you guys like it ! i tried to show the range of drawing and the ... i'm about as in-between it gets for type one and type four i just like doing art because i love making it . i like writing and drawing and playing instruments . i tend to be very oriented in the arts at school and people see me as the artist of the class . i ... thanks for the posts , i've completely spaced looking at this until now xd . sorry about that . also being up in the mountains . anyway , it appears as though robots are already taking over the world ... when you dread talking on the phone but you like texting i do have to say that my dad ( infp ) and my infp friend and i all share taste in music . usually emotionally intense perhaps even dark . i prefer songs with meaning most of all but it is followed by ... that happens to me too . some stuff is easy to give away but everyone wants your favorite snack and you have a hard time saying no i like death metal , folk metal , rock , you get the idea . some dance-ish sorta stuff too . i like rim's list too some bands / people i like are : blind guardian turisas five finger death punch three ... i don't like buff as much , but lean muscle is great ! i also prefer dark hair and light eyes . a defined jaw line is nice too , of course if he looks good in armor that's a bonus when you have a guilty conscience , so after taking most of something you offer everyone else a small piece to make yourself feel better . or alternatively gave it all away in the first place . i'm the exact same way . it's just different than the norm i feel the same way but i'm certainly not a thinking type . i realized i feel bad ; i just don't cry or anything . part of it is people usually use me to keep them calm so if i freak out they will too ... i'm hypocritical and arrogant as well as being irritable . i also am prone to acting overly tough because i don't want anyone to take advantage of my tendency to be selfless . '