' that's what i leaned towards . i would say def . xxtp . estp fits the description the closest . not certain though . * ti . damn autocorrect i find this helpful . i still say barry uses to , because a = b = c =D = e describes him to a tee tl ;D r i am trying to figure out the type of my one friend , and i cannot seem to for the life of me . to protect the innocent , let's call him barry . here are some traits about barry : ... haha , allow me to enter that corner for just a moment . while i see him as intp , there is an argument to be made for infp . he has pretty stringent morals , such as abstaining from alcohol and weed , and ... arin - intp jontron and danny - esfp and enfp , respectively they are both outgoing and open with their true emotions , but jontron is much more of an se button-pusher . he tries to make comedy ... just based off the channels i watch . game grumps : dan avidan-enfp arin hanson - intp jontron - esfp i'm pretty confident in this typing . the game grump dynamic if you will makes them easier ... i agree with sans as infj . papyrus , enfp maybe ? others i generally agree with problem solved , thread locked my guess is infj . sans is quiet , behind the scenes , and perceptive . he also does the whole judgment before you fight asgore , which strikes me as ti-weighing your sins and fe placing a judgment on ... that seemed really harsh . the next guy to come at me needs to slam me to bring balance maybe i will . i actually have written a novel , whereas you inferior-se types would just spend eight months planning and outlining the whole thing . hulk - intp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlV3zeWnWZY when you listen to everyone's problems and are great at comforting your friends but when they give you that look like okay , now what should i do ? you draw a blank because you're can listen like a ... what about types from the new movie ? haha you're too nice i'm not even gonna ' touch that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNdMORNR3L4 what makes you say istp for leo ? as for jack , i see some fi in there . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5HiKHy2Qm4 he talks in a lot of platitudes , and has pride in his irish heritage . he ... optimism , even when misguided , is infinitely more valuable than smug nihilism in hindsight , this was an incredibly inappropriate post on my part . the swearing was uncalled for , and , while i still believe that one is more than his or her race , there is nothing wrong with having ... this is a good list . i'd like to add people think you're too kind , and you don't think you're kind enough i sticking with ixtj for todd in the shadows critic - enfj chick - istp jesuotaku - entp ( confirmed ) rap critic - infp todd in the shadows - starting to think intj , possible istj brows held high - infj the chick could be istp . i see ixtp . jesuotaku is a self-typed entp . i don't really see her and doug being the same . i say enfj for doug . in a commentary they did together , jesu went off on an adventure time tangent and doug sort of ... meh , i guess this thread's been on for long enough so ... spoilers answer key : in example one i am butthead , and in example two i am beavis . so apparently ti-user , t-type and extrovert . so extp ... twilight as infp is interesting , but she seems to have more j tendencies than p . thoughts ? what about confused matthew ? he strikes me as a te-dom , so maybe estj ? not sure what else he would be , unless someone has another idea . minor characters ... upchuck - entp ( or at least tries to emulate entp-ish traits , fiiiesty ) jodie - xnfj , probably enfj mack - isfp mr . oneill - unhealthy version of an xnfj ( using ni to try to ... i'll add examples as i think of them i doubt an estj would be as apologetic as butthead . but yeah , it's vague . i should probably add another example or something those of you who have seen me around the forums know i have more change than obama , i am constantly shifting my types . just recently i was thoroughly convinced that i am an infp , but i am , of course , ... - when you take your dog for excessively long walks because you want them to explore and be free as much as possible , then question yourself for having such strange motivations - when you change ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3KXjDxDKZk wolf of wall street irony - calls someone a dumb fuck - uses shitty grammar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xmzamo_cv8 this scene shows the intj / esfp contrast perfectly . edward norton wants to shy away from the external environment and deal with the pain by going into his ... i see tyler as se-dom for sure , but i see more esfp . he said at one point how much can you know about yourself if you've never been in a fight ? and later explained his philosophy to be that it's ... saw it and though i'd do some analysis ... main character : i say estp operates like an ni / se user , def . directive type ( honey we're going to italy , screw the funeral in england ) , work place is ... he claims to be an intx on his tumblr , but he reminds me a lot of george carlin . maybe that's just his internet persona though , but then again i'm not sure an intx would want to come across like that ... i've heard amazing things about shadow of the colossus that's an excellent point . i guess i just get sick of it , but that doesn't mean it isn't important from the amazing spiderman 2 harry osborn / green goblin - entj ? seems pretty t-dom the guise of the superhero suit allows him to act that way . taken from wikipedia : garfield compared his spider-man façade as a metaphor for internet anonymity , saying , you feel the power of it , ... movies / novels / short-films that think they are being deep because they use the inevitability of death as a theme . that shit's been done to death . for example ... - the stranger - no country for old ... it's important to challenge people . even if they whine about it and try to turn the tables on you , everyone needs to be challenged . i don't know about facial features , but definitely facial expressions . lead fi can make someone have an extremely blank face . not an intimidating or cold face , just blank . i know a self-typed ... i'd rather be mortal than immortal i've heard this several times from people trying to sound deep . this is hardly an unpopular opinion so much as it is a very common , yet subtle , form of self-flattery , as evident by the use of ... '