' only afterwards :p the adrenaline helps thank you ! i wanted to post that ! ! ! i'm glad that i'm not the only one who agrees with me . there was apparently no time before the big bang , so it's impossible to find out whether somebody created us or if it's ... thanks ! dutch or french speaking ? :) i haven't seen a lot of dutch and belgian people on this forum yet haha thank you doshinha :) i love your signature by the way . i'm not sure whether anybody here has watched strawberry panic ... but if you did , i'd love to know which type fits some of the characters . welcome on perc ! :D you sound like a fun person . studying in italy must be amazing : o * adds to potential university list * anyway , good luck with rock climbing ( it does sound cool ) and have fun on ... guten abend celine ;) congrats on signing up and welcome on perc ! i'm a dutch intj . i hope you'll enjoy yourself here ! viel spaß ! hello ! i'm a dutch intj . i'm also pretty new here and i believe a lot of the members are from america . but yay : tongue : , finally somebody that lives a little closer . do you live in the flanders or ... hi zhiang ! welcome to perc :) i'm glad that a lot of isfps like us . i love isfps myself ... * drools * she ( it's a female right ? ) seems to be scared . i don't know a lot about your situation at all , but when somebody gets that close to me in only 2 weeks , i also get scared . i feel like they'll be able ... 1 . do you care at all how well you would perform in a supervised iq test ? to be honest : yes i do . of course , motivation and self-discipline are more important , but a good begin is half the battle ... isfp i love how artistic and caring they are . i won't choose an extrovert , because i don't like to get pushed into social situations . but they say an enfp would be a great match for an intj , so who ... hey all , don't mind me , i'm just an intj that's invading the isfp thread i wanted to say that you all are incredibly talented : o i love all these artworks i was planning on doing it multiple times , but in the end i didn't have the courage to do it anyway . i don't think i should've planned on doing it now , because if it was that bad , i wouldn't have ... the naked and famous - hearts like ours http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqUJdcCjUIA it's so relaxing ... - when i feel betrayed - when somebody points out my weaknesses - when somebody doesn't trust me - when people think i have no emotions , so they say bad things , because they think i won't care at ... thanks ! by the way , i love your hair . it's beautiful ! : tongue : ah , another rare lady intj in her natural habitat . pleased to meet you ! ;) you know you're an intj when a friend says : ' you're not smart at all , you probably just read it in a book or on the internet . ' or maybe she's just plain dumb . great ! i never really had a chance to talk to an owl and that's pretty new to me , but i'm sure i'm going to like you too ! personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? mirjam , but as you get closer to me , you may ( almost ) call me whatever you want to call me . * male / female / trans ? female hurt me with the truth , but never comfort me with a lie . erza scarlet hey all , i'm mirjam , a 16 year old , dutch intj . i might as well share my results with you : i (8 9 % ) n ( 62 % ) t ( 75 % ) j ( 56 % ) my enneagram results are : 1w2 , 6w5 , 3w2 i'm still going to ... '