' judging by your selection of films , you would love it . probably the best period / costume piece i've ever seen . what are your top 10 favorite movies ? i don't really like tv , movies are way more appealing to me . i also want to see what other istp's like since i've never seen an istp forum for this ( believe it ... old school is always cool , i don't mind doing things that are out-dated . i don't even text a lot . i usually send one or two texts a day , and that's just during school . i don't talk a lot either , ... make the best films since tarkovsky and kubrick , because people deserve better than the shit being shown now , in both the hollywood and independent film worlds . me : istp middle bro : enfj younger bro : entp mom : esfj dad : ixtx ( he's got mental shit , so god knows what ) you killed those blueberries in the gas chamber , dad . i feel like all the stanley kubrick movies are ideal for an intj mind . the psychological depth is quite intriguing and it's fascinating to watch the characters be dominated by their environments in ... i'm not the typical istp teenager . i have no interests in sports , clothing , social media , or even pursuing girls in relationships . i'm enveloped in making and watching films . i'm always writing ... it depends on the types of intuitives and sensors . si types seek answers from their past experiences and perceptions . ni types seek answers from their visions and predictions about things . se ... as an istp looking at this , xntx forums are way more fucking interesting than xsxp forums , just saying . i . q . is just the amount of information you can take in , that's why people with a higher i . q ... yes , actually . in fact , only music , movies , and tv make me cry . it's quite rare that events in the real world ever make me a sob . i was watching a documentary on stanley kubrick ( absolutely ... me , personally ... - anything loud - anything annoying ( people ) - long-term ailment - hairy armpits , especially on women - scabs - fuck ugly ducks - the color neon pink at times - really ... chiropractor . the best thing is to go to a chiropractor . it's the most incredible feeling because they align your spine back into place . i don't know about money or how much it costs , usually ... facebook for family things , no other social media at all ( youtube doesn't count ) . i prefer to talk on the phone or in person with someone close to me , text with people i am not too close with , ... well , i'm still a kid , so 99 % of what i say will be of no relevance . i've got quite a sexual drive ( i'm 15 , duh , plus mars in aries [ astrology shit if you even care ] ) , but i don't always think of ... i played with legos with my brother a lot . we built our own worlds and created stories with the sets we built and the minifigures we customized . i drew like an absolute maniac to the point where i ... i wasn't implying do you follow the title of a non-conformist . i'm saying are you a non-comformist ? . a true non-conformist is someone who doesn't typically follow anything to do with a trend or ... no , that was a great analysis . thanks . ;) i also do blitz-chess or bullet-chess , but longer games give you more time to see the possibilities of everything . hi . i hate social norms and doing what's trendy . i don't use any social media besides a facebook account for family , i don't wear expensive clothes nor do i care about big fashion brands , and i ... i just realized i do a bunch of things that are physical , but just not highly intense . i do backpacking a few times a month , and in less than two weeks i'm doing a 6 day trek in the sierras of ... to answer that question , i can generate my own ideas , but i will also take other ideas and then use them as a practical application ( filmmaking and writing ) . i think the phrase for intp vs istp was ... nah , it's not a case of idiocy , it's social development . again , i have no idea how old you are , but i'm assuming you're not too far from my own age since it says you're generation z on your profile ... i can relate . i don't know how old you are , but i am only of age 15 . most people my age are boring or average , most likely due to little life experience and brain development . the guys usually ... really does depend on the importance and context of the problem . fuck it with smaller problems , pros and cons for larger problems . i have the best conversations when it's with someone who is very smart and likes to talk with me for a long time . i'll talk about anything really , especially movies and filmmaking , but i'm not ... hi . as an istp , i'm not the most physical person . i don't work out and i am very nervous when it comes to the risk of physical pain . in fact , i'm way more intellectually capable than i am ... sounds like me ! horrible at math , i have to take the beginner math course as a sophomore in high school this year , but i excel in english essays and writings . fucking . ray-ban . wayfarers . sunglasses do have a weird attachement to xstps , probably because they try to look cool ( and usually pull it off ) . i wear sunglasses a lot , but more in the fashion of ... my career is going into film , i don't even consider myself to be an aspiring director since i'm already heavily in filmmaking , currently working on pre-production for a period piece set in late ... i chose staron because i noticed there are words , or at least you can hear words , in last names . spill in spielberg , brick in kubrick , both hitch and cock in hitchcock , therefore stare for ... i always consider mac to be for the artistic and visual and pc for the technical and precise . seems like you could possible go for a weird mush of the two , but that obviously isn't possible ... hi . i'm contemplating changing my last name , or at least as a pseudonym or a pen name . i'm a filmmaker and i've noticed a lot of film directors have last names that you always associate with that ... hi . i'm contemplating changing my last name , or at least as a pseudonym or a pen name . i'm a filmmaker and i've noticed a lot of film directors have last names that you always associate with that ... never had a problem with one . they can be a bit idealistic at times , but they're fine with me . my brother is xnfj , and he's pretty nice . kubrick was an istp . for some reason , people who are beyond their time automatically get placed as inxjs . i can see why an istp would be disregarded as an option for stanley since the ultimate ... the only thing i fear is not contributing enough to the world before i die . we all die , and we don't get out of it . dear esfp , you look fine . love , q the fucking cool . i watched the first season and half of the second . i got bored of it since it didn't have the gradual excitement of breaking bad whereas this show has exciting parts that resolve and loses the ... not too unusual . i was an above average reader , i think i read at 9th grade level in the 2nd grade . now i'm 10th grade probably reading 11th or 12th grade level . i appreciate books , but just like ... i was quite un-average , using the word original is too cliché . my mother always tells me i was highly observant , even today . i would carefully analyze the boxes things came in and read the ... religion is flawed , for it is man-made . i'm agnostic . . _ . that's what i call an overdramatic teenager . teenage years are the hardest time to determine a person's type because of how irrational , unpredictable , and overemotional they are ( trust me , i'm only ... thanks . planning on it . : wink : thanks ! i really appreciate it . yeah , filmmaking is a tough thing to do , specifically the actual production and principle photography ( shooting the movie ) . the lead actor in this film , my brother , ... sup . i'm a huge filmmaker , i've been holding a camera since i was about 5 years old ( aren't i so special ) . i make mostly narrative short films , very visual stuff with little to no dialogue , but ... i wanna be a film guy , i've already started and made some decent money from making short films . school takes a crap load of time away from doing that , even though i'm in the advanced film class at my ... intj . being a female naturally makes you more sensitive , same as how being a male naturally makes you more stupid . i'm horrible at school . i'm a solid d student , i don't care about going to college , i fail classes as easy as photography , and i never do my homework . i'm not saying this like i'm crying out for help ... i was only joking about the estps . stereotyping , i guess . '