' hahahaha . this is like me , it's scary . i usually rant to my cat though . sometimes i rant to her about the dogs .. through her silvery body - swallow the sun . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n31AnIp4WTM i was not offended . i actually found your comment funny . but you can assume what you want , i suppose . i was not aware that , in order for me to find something immature , i must be personally ... i read non fiction crime books fairly often . no . oh shit , this has to be ten characters . my last status was about this ( a marathon span : world's longest sea bridge opens - world news - asia-pacific - china - msnbc.com ) news article . i am from new orleans , the home of the causeway , which ... i am a very safe driver . i am also fairly new to driving . this may have something to do with it , but .. i am a very cautious person , and what some would call a nervous nelly . i don't trust other ... xd 8d lolololol u guise i have never had dreams of flying , that i can remember . most dreams i have had that i remember are terrible and a gorefest . if they're not that , it's usually a dream that involves me trying to solve ... i know entjs online and in real life . the entj i know online is a cool guy who i get along with well . we play video games together . the entj in real life is my ex boyfriend . we had somewhat similar ... lol ! i don't even know what to say . 8D intjs are just so good at covert insults that the insultee is never actually aware they had been demeaned . my intj father is a staunch atheist . he was raised in a very catholic household which was none too pleasant , and i think it led to him eventually questioning the faith . i can't be certain though . ... you interpreted my words as being arrogant . i am to the point and do not cater to individuals who get personally offended over something that wasn't aimed directly at that person . i never ... maturity at its best .. exactly , i think differently than you do . just because we differ gave you no right to call me bitchy and mentally ill , among other things , in earlier posts . i found that rather offensive . perhaps , but my train of thought is just as logical as that one . paranoid ? ok , thank you for your subjective opinion .. ~ you are generalizing my way of thinking . of course i don't distrust everything . i have stated over and over again why i have posted here . in other threads , there is generally no reason to lie ... it's all good . :) i would never have become the grammar / spelling nazi that i am if it hadn't been for a good friend of mine teaching me the error of my ways when i was 13/14 . heh . i'm sorry that you couldn't understand . perhaps i should have said you all or ya'll ( i'm southern , haha ) . but really , you is both a singular and plural second person pronoun . the way i used ... the only reason i commented on this topic is because , on every forum on the internet i've ever been to , there has been a thread similar to this one . and no one has ever really posted an iq under ... you did not have to post this to prove your intelligence to me ( and , i suppose , everyone else on this thread ) . in my post , when i said you , i was talking to everyone who had posted . you'll notice ... i'll let you believe what you want . when i said you , i was speaking to everyone in the thread , not just him . of course i am not aware of the small number of people who are not lying about their ... erudis : it's good that you admit it . ;) i don't recall , though i imagine it was something that isn't even remotely complex . but to unread boys , it was something otherworldly . yes , i have read our type description . i have been going to forums like this one for a few years now . because of that , i have seen numerous threads just like this one where nts ( mostly intps ) ... i'm an intp , but i flux between intp / j . anyway .. i'm 16 and i am told this . a lot . especially by those in my own age group . my most recent experience was in my latin ii class , where i used a big ... i usually try to imagine colours and shapes that are moving , flowing , etc . something akin to the newer versions of the itunes visualizer . if it's not that , i'll imagine a scenario ( sometimes ... 18406 heyo . what do you mean by this exactly ? is it that , because we are intp , we are thus more likely to have a superior iq ? or ... is it that , because we are intp , we are more likely to place a high value on ... my iq is poo like you so shoo . also , i like how everyone on this thread has a conveniently high iq . * whistles * yeah , so . i posted early last year that i had returned . what a lie that was ! anywho , here i am again - and hopefully i won't end up lying this time . : laughing : it's been a while since i seriously ... i don't like doing it in public , either . if i do , it usually feels like a contest to me , and if i don't win , i will be upset . my entj is a cat person . hm hmm . i personally don't do drugs like weed , coke , etc . , as i have no interest in them . * edit * the few times i have been drunk , i got drunk alone at home , and i just acted more philosophical and ... my entp friend got bleary eyed at school , once , when his girlfriend left him . that's about all i know . you'll find them here , on a forum . we do go out , and do normal things , though . good luck spotting us . we're like goddamn chameleons sometimes . thank you all for the greetings . it's nice to see some familiar .. faces ' round these parts . they do . honestly . i think i've witnessed it a few times . it was cute . : blushed : though , once the intj finds that they have revealed this ' ' weakness , they will desperately try to cover it ... i'm an intp , so i guess i'll comment here .. i never really felt the need . i always knew that i would mess them up , anyway , because i had a habit of biting my nails . plus , i liked to skateboard ... mine is either a complete disorganized mess , amass with icons and an extremely busy background , or it is almost completely blank and customized , with one or two icons , no task bar , and a simple ... the first nt i met was an entp , and we got along marvelously . i did not know he was an entp until years later , after he took that big 5 personality test on facebook . we could sit and talk about ... i enjoy doing this when i myself am not in the relationship . it is much easier , and more enjoyable . i am told i am helpful when it comes to solving these problems for other people . when it involves ... so , i've gotten a few messages that inquired as to where i had run off to . truthfully , i've been a bit busy with life and travelling , but now i'm back . i figured i would come visit here and take a ... spot on , in my opinion . intjs do roll things over in their heads , though . we know this . they also make an effort to , like you said , be assertive with those ideas , while i personally would rather ... oh man , i understand that completely . both of my parents are intjs . oh my . seems you've run into quite a few bad seeds . luckily for me , the intj i speak of isn't bad at all . in fact , i have a bit of a thing for him . he just confuses me ( with how he acts sometimes ) ... yep yep . and boy , is it fun . i take that as you should confuse the crap out of him and then lol while he scrambles for an answer to your behaviour . sounds like a plan . * thumbs up * * lurk lurk lurk * : cool : '