' that's funny , now i know you of course don't mean all nt's , but my best friend is an enfp , and i'm one of the few people who actually understands her :P but it sounds like you got the same problem as ... i understand i don't recall telling you to stop analyzing . i told you to stop analyzing if it was a problem . i mean unwanted thoughts , that are uncontrollable . i didn't mean natural analyzing of things , the way ... i'm intp too and i think a lot too : b analyzing for me is natural as well . but the way you explain it , you explained it as if something is almost constantly wrong . which .. as an intp , analyzing ... i think it's important to not get too sucked into your own head , and analyze every single thing . i do that sometimes , but i'm getting better at just letting go of my head . it's very pleasant to not ... very abstract way of thinking ( the way i see it ) , and i like it . i think i feel where you are coming from . i have a hard time explaining those kinds of things myself . then again , i would think , it's ... i'm surprised to see so many people with so many friends haha . i didn't expect that you sound a bit like me actually . i used to be quiet , and refuse to talk to people in grade 6-9 ' ish . i was probably depressed , i realize now . but i decided to turn it around in 10th grade ( i entered ... it sounds kinda like me and my best friend . i don't think i will ever find someone like her again , honestly . someone i could be that close to . but never say never i guess . then again , i feel ... definitely feel it from both sides too . i sometimes watch makeup tutorials by males , because i think it's interesting . and sometimes when i see some of the comments , i just want to punch something ... i just misunderstood the out yourself as a girl . i get what you meant now xd . sometimes i read too fast i do realize that it's pointless worrying about . nothing can change how some people feel , ... yeah , totally agree . i'm just trying to explain how i feel about some certain things , that only males , by obvious reasons portray to me . no female would treat me like lesser , because of my gender . or ... yeah i know that too ! i know many good willed people , who are male . i'm not saying i think all males are terrible either :) i just deeply hate those who are , in fact disrespecting other people . i'm ... yeah well , last time i mentioned i was female ( i was actually standing up for males , trying to emphasize the objectiveness of my pov of the situation by saying i was female ) , someone right after ... nothing except people's perception of me . if i tell them i want to be seen as gender neutral , i would assume people would ask why i then make myself look like a female . like wearing makeup . so , i try ... i wish more people would stop seeing gender everywhere . it's like gender has to be included into everything . it can't be changed , and i guess it shouldn't , but for me , i would like for people to see ... i agree with you so much , i couldn't agree more ( y ) when i think of love , i don't only think of romantic love , but also the love from a parent to his / her child , vice versa . love between friends , siblings , humans / animals etc etc . i think love is too ... just some more money would be good well we kinda need it to survive . also to set goals . greed is not in itself good , but if there was no such thing as greed , or a lust to achieve more / envy , everyone would sit and do nothing , with no ... native language is danish ( adopted ) . and i can speak english . and i used to know a bit of german ... that's it : b you know that is a very abstract thing to say . i am doing something that offends people ... problem is , there is no logical reasoning behind this statement . i could do a lot of things that might ... i don't think you understand what i'm trying to explain to you in a very logical way . i'm not sure if you are just being very stubborn , or very narrow minded . what i do , with my life , is none of ... yeah i know it does . i also know that the gas ( or what it's called ) , the pollution from cars outside is far more dangerous to inhale , than being a passive smoker . the pollution we can't escape . and ... it's sad to see people judge marijuana users so harshly . it's the same with extreme anti smokers . it seems really irrelevant to me , to share your insulting thoughts with us , who do smoke . also ... as the title states , share two or more of your weaknesses and two or more of your strengths :) preferably write what personality type you are as well . intp strength : calm and logical ... well some intp's on this site ( not all at all ) have made me feel a bit stupid . not necessarily on purpose , but yes . and it says their personality type soo : b . in real life i can't really determine ... that's how i still feel somtimes , and especially around my own type and intj's ironically . but you are right . no use in feeling inferior anyway damn you are awesome ! i love them , so expressive ! viggo mortensen ( aragorn ) is from denmark too . and yeah i've noticed too some furniture we sell is stupidly expensive for no reason well i did look at a photography to draw it . the worst part wasn't even drawing after that photo , it was finding a picture that i wanted to draw . i saw lots of shit i have tried to steer clear of ... i don't think that is too idealistic :) my only problem with that would be that i am lazy at the moment hehe . yeah i love animals as well , and it wasn't easy to look at , as i was drawing it . but i ... i'm not sure i fully understand your question but for me i guess i do feel the same . i mean i'd rather be alone than having to meet up at a new school for example . i usually leave within 3 hours at ... hahaha , i clicked on the video ( i guess i miss the song ) , and didn't realize my volume was at the highest . my parents must think i am crazy hehe . i find it hard to be able to actually point down what of these things should love be . i'm surprised to see so many people being able to do so . i can't . love is love , and to me it is not ... i live in denmark . i was originally adopted from korea at the age .. i don't know , 4-6 few months . denmark seems quiet and we are the kind of people who wont sit next to strangers in a bus . often ... funny . i was just about to make a thread like this . last dream i had was of me and my friend , we were supposed to take to hawaii to party with some people from my elementary school . people i never ... i think i get what you mean . to me my best friend is almost my only friend . i just don't have good chemistry with many people . i guess i do have other friends but i kinda see them more as ... i see it completely different now . i went to look at the first picture again and it looks almost exactly like that last picture you posted ... my mind is blown and i will stop spamming now ( y ) okay i just got even more confused haha wtf how could anyone see this as black and blue ? sorry i just feel baffled . confused . is it supposed to appear in different colors to different people or something ? i clearly see this in gold and white pretty much .. and i wanted a reaction from people when they see it . not everyone's gonna have a reaction to it , but most people do . i mean i want people to feel uncomfortable . to feel disgusted , or ... haha i think it could be that as well hey i know that , i'm trying to say that as well :) i'm sure you are not trying to be negative or mean . and well personally for me it is negative ( even though i know you might not do it on purpose ) , ... anyway those are my final thoughts , and it's not that i think you did something wrong , i'm just expressing what i was and wasn't too big a fan of . again no hard feelings :) it wasn't proper , it was quickly-made , but i never asked to be told to take things with a grain of salt or not take things so seriously . another person compared my thread with people who take ... yes and i do realize now that the personalization was wrong , for me to get the answers i guess i wanted . but again i'm trying to explain to you i am a bit of a scatterbrain , and that i was being very ... i don't know how to explain it properly really : b . maybe because my thread in the first place wasn't proper . i've already mentioned child-like curiosity and so forth to others , to try to portray ... okay .. so i can't ask questions about what types other intp's have as friends ? what are you getting at ? i'm not mature because i ask silly questions ? i'm so sorry my question was foolish . so ... yeah i am young ... i mean , i can only assume your comment is a joke ( y ) '