' yeah , though i've found it more terrifying than anything . first off , i've felt it when i was walking along minding my own business and i felt a physical pulling sensation to my right and turned to ... yeah , no hating or anything - but a lot of you peeps aren't hourglasses . that would be an 8-10 inch difference between waist and hips , though generally people mean 10 inches . true hourglasses are ... i used to be like this , then i realized that it was making me miserable . :: shrug :: i decided that i wanted to touch and be touched , i just wasn't dealing with it because it tripped some social ... i laughed out loud when i saw the thread title , because i can totally relate . but i think maybe d ought to be : d ) automatically doubting the moral character of a person who is somehow attracted ... it might depend on their age , too . i'm still young , so i don't mean to come off as sounding sager than i am , but i recall 7-8 years ago how self-righteous and ridiculous i could be about a lot of ... ( 1 ) where might somebody find you ? school . work . gym . my favorite coffee shop . out with friends . wandering around downtown on foot . even sometimes dancing at popular clubs . very ... personally i think it's best to approach existence with an open mind - you might be crazy , you might be perceiving something off the average radar . who can really make that call ? you might be ... i enjoy drinking sometimes , especially red wine . i occasionally smoke pot if it's offered to me in a social setting . other than that i'd probably refrain - i'm afraid of losing what little mind i ... i've been told i have a soft voice . but i remember when i was young at summer camp and would yell out ' announcements ' during capture the flag . i had a voice like a foghorn . when i'm really into a ... i think infps tend to make rather good teachers once they get their confidence up and realize that their students will not automatically assume that they're an arrogant impostor and throw fruit at ... you have a great smile ! you're so creative . now that i've said that are you going to obsess over it and ask every single person you meet what they think about it ? :: awkward pause :: you ... infj . but on a lot of the questions i could see myself choosing either way depending on my mood . damn , vastcat . you available ? : blushed : i like sex . i have no idea why i'm not out having it . ideologically i'm anything-goes ( and i do love discussing and researching all aspects of sexuality ) ... awww . i was in love with an entj once too , and it was really really bad for me . i value displays of j-ness and am often envious of the t ability to repress emotions and get shiz done , but ... i've definitely got flaws , and can be thrown off balance for days when reminded of my own failings ( whether by myself or others ) . what helps me feel better about a situation where someone is putting ... i feel that it's selfish of her to break up with you and then guilt you into comforting her with this parody of a ' friendship . ' you aren't friends ! the reason she's doing this is to appease her ... am i a virgin ? sheesh - just how young is everybody ? so ... no . i'm not . i lost my virginity at 19 . it was a crummy relationship . i had sex in a few other crummy relationships , and then i ... i've never understood what's so ' fun ' about casual sex . i mean ... amusement parks and treasure hunts are fun ... i'm not judging , it really does sound great to not be frustrated all the time ... i go through phases on this one . i was raised by a ( very strange ) woman who would flip out when i said sucks or freaking and i'm naturally pretty mellow - so generally no . i feel pretty ... some people do that ' i'm better than you because i'm different ' dance , and i don't much care for that . particularly obnoxious are the breed of folk that mistake their disregard for others as a form ... yes , but mostly because i'm a quizwh * * e . i was with an infj i met on okcupid for three years , so i suppose i don't have any right to be negative towards online dating . i'm open to it ... but ... i got 80 % extrovert . i feel like putting a question mark after that . really ? ? i went for ' friendly eyes ' and secondly for more square-jawed features . i feel weird about this test though . i'm ... :: shrug :: i figured this wouldn't be a simple thing . i just really found this article interesting and wondered if there was any anecdotal evidence of it here . ( article : gay men , straight women ... i've taken this one before , and i wonder if it's changed any in the past year . i got 25 % female , which is pretty much how i feel - just slightly girly from center . ps - if anyone's open to it , ... i meant weird as in a ' personality 180 . ' i used to be . growing up i wouldn't play with the girls because their passivity annoyed me , and they turned their noses up at my favorite pursuits - getting dirty , drawing maps , and inventing weird ... my professors , who demonstrate that it is possible to be personable and brilliant - especially the female ones who also manage to juggle kids . actually any older female who demonstrates a warm , ... it's not messy , it's a secret code ! ! : tongue : i'm not entirely anti anti-d's but for many people ( not all ) i think it's just a way to fill a spiritual or social void in their lives . i feel that there are lots of human needs that go unaddressed ... you mean like the royal we ? ; > ) no , not really . but it's also a good way to hint to someone that you're unavailable for making out . i used to be thoroughly anti-list , but for some reason i've really started to like writing things down . i find it comforting for some reason - even if i'm just writing the 32nd version of this ... coolio ! btw , you can only pseudo psycho-analyze something if it's natural and un-'neated-up ' . so really ... i'm not trying to be wacky - these are my legitimate daily self-notes . : > p - ditto . oh fun ! i had a handwriting book i used to study when i was a kid , but it was from before all those modern noncursive-writers overtook the earth . here's me ( actual ' lesson plans ' ) ! i'm not sure ... :: sigh :: pinkrasputin , this guy have any available male relatives ? : wink : ugh , those icons always make me feel so ... so ... amish or something . honestly i suspect that it's because it's not hard to be ' purer ' or ' less sexually motivated than average ' in a place where a lot ... awkward moment of confusion followed by unexpected enthusiasm . ( yes , behind this physically-standoffish exterior lies a hug-sl * t ! ) unless we're romantically involved , in which case don't bother - ... stare longingly . if eye contact does happen to occur , bolt asap ... oh , wait ... bad advice . well , that's what i do . this also is my number one thing-i-can't-stand about myself . if i liked people ... i think we're a lot alike , except i often feel that the infj is being uptight . they don't seem to have that adventurous streak , either - but that could just be the ones i know . although , to be ... i used to feel like a lot of you guys , and yeah , asexual appreciation is still pretty much my backup mode - but after a while the whole thing just started to bug me . i felt like i was missing out on ... i love all animals , but right now i'm enjoying not being responsible for any . is staring really a ' problem ? ' people look at other people - it's one of those ' human things . ' a lot of times people seem flattered at being noticed / acknowledged , too - as long as you're careful ... hmmm ... the ( likely mistaken ) assumption that an s isn't nerdy enough , and particularly the combination of s & p being all play and no philosophy . agnosticwriter , i kinda have a crush on you . : wink : it's funny how pc reflects what i've been musing over in my own journal sometimes . yeah , i've wondered about the ' damaged extrovert ' thing . one example - i actually like parties , i definitely ... i'm very loving but i have a hard time letting people get close . i've been burned a lot and showing emotional vulnerability has never worked out well for me in the past . i used to solve this ... slightly offended at the ' wake up ' tone . yeah . i do know the history bit , but i'm not sure how that automatically devalues the notion of evolutionary psychology . you could be right . i like the idea that you're right . just because i'm less sexually motivated than a lot of people doesn't prove a thing about humanity - after all i'm just one person and i can't ... sex fundementally a man's domain ? i guess i can see your point - ignoring an entire half of the sexual equation . but ... i also wonder if you're ignoring the fact that most men are more sexually ... i do see men at knitting night - sometimes they're even straight . i mean honestly , what sort of world are you proposing here - women shouldn't be able to leave the house because you can't be ... i'm ' whatever ' about it . i don't really concern myself with how this impacts the male-female component of society of a whole - i have no interest in policing another's mental state or erotic ... '