' true dat , but i'd still say bum around , see the world / country , meet some interesting folks and do some psychedelics . after that you'll be entertain your classes with some crazy stories and ensure ... i would say bum around for awhile and travel . see the world and get some crazy experiences , study the world by participating in it and then use that vision to dominate a university . just remember to ... i've been dealing that problem all my life . this year has been a hell of a lot of random things that has really pushed me into developing a new system . i feel really have to just drop the ... when you just randomly , on impulse , walk into a room , only to remember what you needed to get in the room when you enter . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS1-bT3M7l0 0:57 & 1:07 when people are your energy and muse and solitude your peace of mind and sanity . arise from the dead , because type theme songs are awesome . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40KXxokGnCE i thought there was actual theme song thread , but i guess something happened to it or there was . this still fits how i view a entp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40KXxokGnCE i haven't thought about mold . i'll have to try a daily regimen of allergy meds and see if it makes any difference . i live in an apartment with 3 others , so far i'm the only really has a problem from ... for the last two years i've experienced brain fog that just continues to stifle my work . here's the kicker , i've tried meditation , changes in diet , increased social activity , different sleep and ... when you've signed up for over a dozen coursera.org courses and never managed to complete one . i just found this on reddit and thought it might be of merit in discussion here . currently it shows intp's and intj's as the most prevalent types by far subscribed to the subreddits described above ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-uyV97kbTs see we're lost in the scope of things a lost generation , a couple hopeless beings with no care , what's to care for ? we're all werewolves eating up ... http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/36981148.jpg when romanian bear dances , transpersonal psychology and how synthetic biology will destroy the human race , are the last three topics you were researching in the last 10 minutes . anyone down for tonight ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWthrZ7n8I0 there's always something . whether it's drugs , fast food , empty sex , the dead weight of some pointless fucking celebrity or a reality television ... i do have my moments of misanthropic rage , i typically keep it hidden , but lately i've been more prone to show my annoyance of certain people or other things . it's always a i want to smite / obliterate ... yeah , when it comes right down to my honest personal beliefs , i am a bit private , almost insecure about sharing them in their entirety . it depends on who is asking and the overall situation , i tend ... 1 . my parents 2 . alcohol 3 . hugs 4 . rap music 5 . knowledge that would be awesome if it was that easy . i'm a biomedical engineering student currently . i'm really thinking moving towards math modeling in graduate school and career wise ; engineering is just to factual and narrow in most applications ... i need company and people otherwise i am very quiet and dull . i need connection to really be myself and happy . i do see moments of craving people and feeling alone as an emotional insecurity and work ... i'm curious if anyone else has experienced a feeling of disengagement in many social conversations due to a laziness in not wanting to explain everything that led you to that answer . i feel i've ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWca1X7nFGo dissonance <3 . the collapsing of infinite possibilities to one cold uncaring and often violent sum . meaning is illusion , we are controlled by subjectivity and the only truth lies in practical physics , math and the ... i'll be finishing up differential equations this semester and plan to complete a math minor this spring . while i'm not awesome at math , it's definitely not the hardest thing out there , but you can't ... i've almost completed my first year at a large university and it seems to be harder to find similar people here than it was at the community college . what's worse is it seems that my particular views ... it's gas , space is a vacuum , devoid of gas and matter . flight is made possible due to forces made against gases . flying is like swimming , only in air not liquid , but both can be modeled as fluid ... i feel i have made it to the backside of early mid-life crisis with a good dose of existential crisis thrown in for good measure . i'm getting into the meet of my degree , what i really want to do , ... there is no meaning , only the struggle and sorrow . best we can do is what makes us happy , best we can find is someone that our intrinsic nature makes happy and the reverse like wise . if it exists ... that doesn't strike me as entp , too bland and short , sounds something i see on my estj brother in laws facebook all the time . so , groups , are we talking bigger than five or six including yourselves ? because i find that's the perfect number of good friends to hang out with . if i know everyone mostly equally in the group ... so i just discovered this thread . > _ < i am 9w8 - 3w2 - 6w5 sx / sp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm0POLTxCLk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUEzcp4_snk and i'm done , =) definitely love it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUePmRSzlIg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEBLCoNVwds http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyrFko0C5Pk&feature=related imminentthunder i'm pretty much the same way . i've almost quit caring , but that i don't think will ever happen . i've just moved to a more zen or eastern mindset of acceptance . only advice i ... jason silva's videos on vimeo i'll try i have something going on at 7cst that might last for a few hours , if it's still going on i'll join when it's done . yeah , i have a few esfj friends , they're cool , but we are definitely different . i'm only weary of esfj's in power now , lol esfj love is alright as long the esfj isn't fed power , which then corrupts and poisons it . much like irradiating cobalt . i'm mostly joking , as long as joking , as long as you let them be their own ... bunny i scrolled to the end of this page looked up and saw your signature staring at me . my first thought was oh , god the horror then i proceeded to think what entp would be diabolical ... it used to be , i even won first place at small local community college art show one year for it . since then math , physics , science , reading , philosophy , and psychology have taken over my free time ... i am grateful that you are looking into this , its very interesting . i don't identify wanting to be invisible as much as the wanting to leave or change reality . there was time growing up that i ... my penchant for being the responsible one caring about people being completely jaded to change and possibilities as it's all the same shit , different day . being too lazy to argue with people ... reading , psh , i never read anything books ? what are those ? wait , could you repeat that in english ? i didn't understand the big words you used . me , egotistical ? well sometimes , i guess , i ... honestly , the only way i can back to normal is doing something i absolutely love , like camping or hiking . i need friends , and no pressure . i got to let myself return to equilibrium , before i can ... i like to be , i love hugs , but i generally stay fairly cold until i get comfortable with you or i have a strong base of friends . i'm a god exactly you're welcome i also love to rant with my intj buddy in public places about existential topics , with the sole hope of f * cking with the minds of those who happen to be ... entp's by definition do not linger on one subject too long , that includes mbti , we may come and go subjects and this might be one we come back to more often , but to say consistently obsessed with is ... '