' so uh , i came across this gem after stumbling upon the animation majors ' procrastination ( of splurging on calarts videos ): http://vimeo.com/93105084 wow ok so art school completely engulfed my life and time way more than i thought it would . not sure what to do with myself now that the semester is over ... is this how i used to live before this ? ... i'll put in a reccommendation for cory doctorow's overclocked . his stories tend to have a neat and eerily accurate-sounding perspective of near-future technology , society , economics etc . i don't have ... that ... is an interesting take on the iconography . i saw a bunch of lines making cool looking graphic symbols and was like oooh tise kinda looks like a triforce 8P i kinda prefer the neti one ... aw man , somebody beat me to the punch with the whole mix and match functions idea : downloads - cognitivetype i was forced to go to church also by my mom . when i hit my teen years , i loathed it , i couldn't stand the idea of having to compromise my free will to satisfy her obligations . but over time after i ... i sometimes wonder if likenesss to food is more about the texture than the taste . like , compare something sweet and flaky to something sweet and chewy . or something sour and crunchy to something sour ... yep i'm guilty of that . i used to be really embarassed about doing it because of my upbringing . my mom would tell me that only crazy / mentally unstable people talk to themselves . but then i got ... welcome , new guy ! may i suggest perusing through the intp forum to get a feel for how a herd of intps interact ? which is to say , a very entertaining phenomenon . :p roud : just discovered this wonderfully metafictional webcomic i've been binging on for the past 2 days : 1/0 just start reading it go : 1/0 archives http://www.undefined.net/1/0/0/1.gif i think i might prefer to go by my screenname . in the one or two instances i revealed my birthname to some online friends it felt really weird . like i wasn't used to it , it felt like i was ... hahaha damn i instantly thought jump it , like obviously right ? : laughing : but riding it to save gas is actually a legit cool idea . the only problem would be figuring out how to explain to the ... my mom bought me a n64 for my 6th birthday and i discovered the blockbuster around the corner rented out games . it was the only way to sustain such an expensive and fleeting habit . the road eternal sounds the most appetizing . bleh to fisher king because i already feel homebound enough . bleh to nakama because its set up for a depressing crisis . bleh to dominion ... i'll bring some elmer's glue and some play-doh next time , you'll be alright . ahhh * commences writhing in regret corner * still cool to hear about though . if it's on a weekend i'll have to plan a day to be off work . i used to journal my dreams about a good year ago since i was trying to teach myself how to lucid dream . after hours of extensive research on the self-taught process i found that the consensus was to ... can't cram everything i want to do in a single lifetime . hm , still gauging the outcome of clicking that link . 78561 impending awkwardness is a crippling anxiety unfortunately . not very . i'm currently multi-tasking between sketching tattoo designs , listening to polysic's we ate the machine album , writing a 50,000 word story , composing a decent music composition , working on ... ... clever . libra libra natives are generally thought to be sociable , somewhat intellectual souls . they have an almost innocent way about them that makes them very approachable . generally quite eager to ... let's take a look at how the intp description could relate to each zodiac sign's trait / description . descriptions are taken from cafeastrology.com . bolded parts are qualities that i have seen ... i value awareness and nonconformity . sheepish mentalities highly irk me . i appreciate those who are confident and can stand fearless in the face of rejection and ridicule . one day in class , my friend asked me could you be a dear for me ? somehow i took it as can you be a deer for me and proceeded to put my hands up to my head like antlers with a confused ... do you think you stay fairly true to how you present yourself online as you do in real life ? does that little bit of extra time you have to think out your responses drastically alter your tone and ... so i just recently bought a fairly inexpensive 61 - key keyboard ( ~ $ 100 ) because of a rekindled desire to play instrumental music this is it here : amazon.com : yamaha ypt - 230 premium keyboard pack ... if you think the problem stems from procrastinating via videogames , you could get a friend / someone you trust to lock them up for you . if the games you play are on the web however , i hear there's a ... the feel kinda reminds me of progressive rock / metal , but without the complex meter shifts every 10 seconds . love the epic , adrenaline rush feel . but it's not a really fast rush . more like a paced , ... the only recent show i can think of that brought me on the verge of tears was puella magi madoka magica . thats probably the closest i'll get to tears . and not even because of sadness , it was just a ... i demand a youtube demonstration of this ok , i'm figuring out what form / style of art i could use to represent the functions . so far i could try ... - graphic design / logo - abstract painting - personifications - or a mixture i'm ... i probably wont be able to make it this month . maybe next month , i might be able to catch a bus , instead . i'll just hear how it turns out . and writhe around in my regret corner 8) i wish i could jump from knowing basic japanese to understanding japanese on a native level . i really really want to fan-translate a bunch of japanese-only games . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ9YtJC-Kd8 i dare you to keep up with this video . triple dog dare you . i wanna say i was ifp-ish growing up . portrait of an ifp child this description pretty much nails my demeanor as a small child everything by augustine kofie . http://media-cache-ec3.pinimg.com/736x/c7/61/d1/c761d166beb2ea224ae6191f854532bd.jpg ... also tickled by groovy , quirky art http://media-cache-ec3.pinimg.com/736x/e2/30/20/e23020122b0cae0b86c9953174019d7f.jpg ... i like art that suggests urban or maybe even grit and edge . stuff with a straight up cool shit vibe . http://media-cache-ec3.pinimg.com/736x/71/5b/e9/715be92916968e9cd9483dd501731aa0.jpg ... do you ever get a crippling hesitation to say something because of the fear of making a flawed statement ? then again , i suppose it is human nature to flaw . hm , i was thinking that a group of intps could be ideal for doing the socrates thing , walking around town asking questions and answering them with more questions ? everything from rhythm heaven i didn't read an awful lot growing up but sometimes i wish i had . over the past year i've been steadily trying to read more and more to catch up on what i've been missing out on . really , the hardest ... artist : illustrator , concept artist , animator , painter , freelance librarian programmer game designer sound designer composer engineer mechanic pilot pharmacist my icon's something i drew in tegaki way back . someday i hope to achieve a crazy hairstyle like that . i think it could be cool depending on how big the crowd . the bigger the crowd , the less chances of awkward leftouts . i'd probably take the 6 - hour road trip if i had my own vehicle . it'd give me an ... i guess i would identify as a heterosexual demi ? idk character / personality is the only factor for me . so i probably would consider dating a girl if i met one that i gelled well enough with . but i've ... a conversation about a notorious cemetery at work got me thinking about it . like , most people who don't believe in that sort of stuff probably dismisses it as a mind thing . and i won't deny that i ... i think i'm having a tiny existential crisis . i don't know what i want to do with life . i can't think of a single thing that i could have a long-lasting passion for . with no clear purpose , what ... ah , sweet ! i definitely wanna give both a shot '