' i have a strong distrust of doctors due to past experiences and - for the majority - their complete stupidity . homeopathy and other alternate ways of looking after oneself work for me , so that's what ... gotye ( wally de backer ) strikes me as infj . depends how i'm feeling , and after dying my hair purplish a while ago i realised i suit more colours than i thought i did , so i've been slowly branching out on the colour spectrum . overall , i ... that is bizarre , scary and creepy . hopefully that was your last encounter with her ... i came across gotye , an australian musician / singer / songwriter about a month ago , after seeing the music video to somebody i used to know , and i thoroughly enjoyed it . i went on to look up his other ... my boyfriend's an isfp , he's the only person i can be relaxed and myself around completely , and we have tons of fun . we occasionally have communication issues , but they get sorted easily . we're both ... i work in retail , and over the past two weeks had to work on the front register . i have no caring for stupid , immature , lazy people at all at the moment . but in general i choose not care if it's ... always wanted to be able to , and was part of a circus troupe thing my school did as a kid , but failed at it miserably and ran around on stilts instead . i still want to learn though , hopefully i ... i don't donate , i give gifts and such freely especially to those i care for , but i refuse to donate / give money . especially to anything medical / health related , those make my blood boil . it's mostly negative / sensationalism ( if that's even a word .. :[ ) which i don't really care for , and the facts are almost always skewed . if i read a news story , i keep that in mind ( also i live in a ... leonard , then amy . leonard , not sure why , i just enjoy his character the most , possibly the way he pokes humour at things , but also understands social requirements . and amy , i love her humour too , ... no one can tell when i'm joking except for my boyfriend , and even then sometimes . i dunno , i've alsways been a huge fan of the tell a joke with a straight face , and only those clicked in will ... .. i would actually be quite taken with that , getting to share the experience of growing something that only you and your significant other would see and experience , and then the beauty of the flowers ... that was adorable ! i adopt other peoples strong emotions at times , though it's usually stress that i adopt . christmas became something i did not look forward to because my parents would be quite stressed on the day , ... i haven't enjoyed reading this much in a long time , thankyou everyone ! invisibility was the first thing i thought of , that happens to me all the time too . in school there were two instances where i was sitting on a table , and a guy flirting with the poplular girls ... i have a young python trying to strangle my hand to death . do i win ? ;-P i can understand how hitler could have been an infj , which seems to be different to how most people feel about it , that's ... overall , es who think that i care about what they say , or want to hear what i have to say ( which is nothing ) just because i walked into the room . actually , i haven't found a type per se that ... i think i've known three infjs . one i'm definite about , because i recognise so many of the mannerisms , speech patterns , etc in myself . plus he can mind read and admits to having very few select ... confidence and enthusiasm is key . i scored a job recently and i knew i was going to get it ( it was a group interview , less than half of us were going to be employed ) . cater to whatever seems to work ... i get bored as soon as i know how to do something . i've described that in myself before - particularly to do with artistic things and jobs . i learn how to do everything , be the best i can at it , ... i thoroughly enjoy teasing / witty banter so long as it isn't purely superficial - i need to be able to see that the person isn't just the class clown , that they have real maturity / respect behind what ... i enjoy rpg / adventure / puzzle games , the adventure puzzle combination especially ( unless the puzzles require insane amounts of brainpower and not just abstract thinking , then i get mad and never look ... i used to do it all the time , i used to get so caught up in it that i'd eventually feel like i was caught in a tornado ( in my mind ) and had to stop and sift through myself and get myself back . now i ... this isn't a fun thread :( there's only one instance that stands out in my mind : in year 5 at school , early in the year i was sitting at a table with two other girls , girl a's mother had ... dear self ( this was originally written to go in the ask an infj relationship question thread , but in the end i'd sorted myself out enough to not post it there ) i've just made possibly the ... i've forgotten a lot of my childhood as well , some of the worse parts i worked really hard to remember when i was about 18 because i realised that while i knew what went on in those years , i didn't ... i relate to what most people here have said , though i only share it completely with my isfp boyfriend , i share it a little with my mum but not much , she gets kind of freaked by morbid humour and ... dear isfp guy . i hate how you can put things off until the last moment sometimes , it really drives me bonkers . i mean , you haveno idea how close i get to going plain crazy and have to pull myself ... lost in oblivion thanks for that post , i found it very helpful ! i tease people to see where their boundaries are when i first meet them , and to see if they can hack it . it's a sort of a way of seeing what sort of person they are and how they react to certain ... possibly a friend i had is at his core and infj - but over the past few years he's been slipping into istj to cope with the world i think . something about the eyes , we used to connect in an amazing ... the invisible truth see-ers been there , done that , though mine was early at 18-20 . my health , friends and most of my family failed me , and i withdrew from the community into myself to survive . spent a lot of time self ... overall intuitive - but ethical definitely shines through now and then randomly . very interesting that there's subtypes , it makes me feel not-so-weird when the ethical overrides . my inability when it comes to sports , even running . i feel like the biggest idiot , i'm just not coordinated enough to pull it off evenly mildly gracefully . i hope it goes well for you ! well , i used to be like that , a different person with everyone . i realised that i was a different person with different people because i wanted to please them and get along with them . i took time to ... dear mum , i just realised today that you've been abusing my need for a grounding person in my life . you've sabotaged a potentially great relationship in the past for fear of losing me , that i ... my experience is yes to all that . i start insulting people playfully , in a semi serious way when i get stressed . i start seeing harmless and pointless flaws in things , and can be overly critical , ... annihilatron i love that song - this would have to be close if not my infj theme song . ^ i've had a zombie apocalypse dream too ! it was more day of the triffids in style though . no , any saviour style fantasies i've had consist of me being like the enigmatic passerby who says ... i'm sick of having nothing to do ! my suspected intj brother hates it when i look at him , even in passing , because he feels so exposed because of the way i can read people ( this was even before i realised i could read people well - as ... dear self , you've taken multiple enneagram tests , and almost everytime you get a different result . first 6 , then 9 , then 3 , then 6 again . you don't relate to any of them even remotely though . you ... being in love - simply being near the person you share you love with . the texture of paint . making the first mark in a new sketch book . being in nature . i think there's two kinds of lucid dreams - for me at least . there are those that happen when i'm not fully asleep , and the dreams are of things i'm thinking about , pondering , stressing over , etc , ... dear self why are you so tired ! ? this is just ridiculous ! wake uppp you've been falling asleep since 3 this afternoon ! maybe you should try getting more than 6 hours of sleep for once . you're ... check notifications . sift through the infj forum - open anything that looks interesting into tabs and look through them , type some replies - then intentionally close the tabs before i post most ... '