' the americans it's a new show and i really don't want it to get canceled . it's on fx network . if you missed the first two episodes , it's currently viewable online but i don't know when they ... when i am stressed or have insomnia , i prefer listening to audio books . i don't go for music , although i do love music . just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to , doesn't mean they don't love you with everything they have . i remember reading that somewhere in the past , and reading the op's ... i'm not so concerned about number of partners they've had , as long as they were safe with each one . i'm more concerned about whether they were faithful when they were in a relationship . for me , i think it's having no other options . it's either roll over and die , or keep fighting . sometimes that fighting is your own inner demons , the self-sabotage , but i think eventually , as much as ... i would be my first choice . i have multiple email addresses that i opened up over the years , and it has gotten wayyy out of control . my question is , how do you keep your accounts organized ? how many do you suggest ... friday night and i am home . i really didn't make any effort to go out . granted , it is raining cats and dogs this week , but even if it was dry weather , i most likely would still be at home . is it any ... i don't really hang out with anyone in real life . i used to have more friends but then they moved away to different places ( and i moved away also ) but then when i came back , i didn't make much effort ... this thread started to take such a negative tone instead of being more compassionate . aren't we all privy to mistakes and usually , the younger we are , the more we still need to figure out about the ... i like physiology because i learn the why and the how . i wasn't too crazy about anatomy because it seemed like pure memorization without learning about the why . i enjoyed english class . i ... i have tried laser . painful . omg . i hate how i second guess everything i do . :-( i make a decision and i do something , but then afterward , i regret it or i wonder if i made the right decision . i hate it . i don't do this always , ... i think it's because i am sooo not a social butterfly . i do pretty well with one-on-one conversations , but i generally like quiet more often than party scenes , where you don't really know anyone ... i have only known one confirmed esfp in real life , and whenever he procrastinated , it was because socializing was a priority to him . if you chose other things over socializing , he spoke to you as if ... i would like to just because i haven't met many nf's in real life . i don't know where you live , so i don't know what the weather is like right now , but darkynwo makes some good points , including working out . i think going for walks is great , but if you can find an ... i am so frustrated by my controlling mother . it's bad enough i am living at home , but to me , my space is my space , and her space is her space , and then there's the community space where everyone ... i give thanks more often than i post . hello ! i choose other . i liked the first half of the 3rd option , but i disliked the second part of the sentence . it just sounds too overly concerned with what someone else thinks and oh , i'll only do ... you remind me of when i tried online dating . i had started talking to this guy on the phone . we had a few lengthy conversations and we seemed to click . then he asked me out of the blue have you ever ... for me , i think it's more not thinking before i act . been sooo guilty of that when i've fallen for someone . i am usually the risktaker , while the other person is too cautious . my entp ... my values pretty much fall along the five agreements , as written about by miguel ruiz . be impeccable with your word . speak with integrity . say only what you mean . avoid using the word to speak ... you should watch the movie paul . paul ( 2011 ) - imdb i just rented the unrated version on itunes and loved the debate between paul and the religious girl . i think i've been watching too many csi type shows or movies because i want to be buried ( not cremated ) . let them exhume my body and run forensics if needed . there are a lot of cultures that have ... i hate creepy , scary , or graphically violent movies . occasionally , i have watched scary movies on tv , but when i know a scary part is coming up , i turn the channel because i don't want to watch . lol ... i think some people are multi-tasking or talking to several people at the same time . maybe when you're at the start of the conversation , you can immediately ask if they are busy because if they ... i just end up being quiet most of the time , although i do laugh and react if i think something is funny . it used to bother me when i found out that they talked badly about me behind my back because ... i want to elaborate on what i posted earlier : someone who takes what s / he learns and actually applies it to her / his life . the reason i say this is because i think it's very difficult for people ... yeah , i'm not sure if i can watch that scene without bursting out loud in laughter . bibopsy . hormonies . that scene is just genius . i , too , much prefer listening to someone talk about themselves ... someone who takes what s / he learns and actually applies it to her / his life . i was watching this scene from my big fat greek wedding today and it reminded me of this thread . it's my favorite scene . it's so completely random what the aunt says , and the look on the parents ' ... i want to recommend john e . sarno's books . he is a physician and a professor . reading his books helped me during a time in my life when i had internalized pain from a lot of events that were going on ... your post reminds me of the infp prayer . i came across this online . - - - prayers for myers briggs types istj : lord help me to relax about insignificant details beginning tomorrow at 11:41 . 23 am ... elwood 92 in my last paragraph , i meant feeling arrogance when i wrote arrogance . in your post to 1251 when you stated your argument was that nfs have a certain kind of problem with feeling ... i think not all nf's are like that . i'm infp and i would not have reacted that way to your comment about the hearts . in fact , i find it cheesy . but hey , if someone else wants to do that , that's ... i sensed from your original post that what you really want is for someone to tell you that what you did was acceptable . we're all sharing perspectives here . isn't that what you wanted ? sometimes , ... i am very forgiving , but i will not date someone if he lies to me . i once knew someone who who would lie even about the cereal he ate in the morning . it really made me question anything that came ... i don't think disliking poetry makes you an idiot . who says we all have to like poetry ? i like poetry but that doesn't mean you have to . it also doesn't mean i'm better ( or worse ) than you . i ... i honestly think that all the questions you are asking here , that you should be asking her instead . just be direct about it . i'm sure you're sweating bullets and nervous , but if she likes you , she ... on my best days , i stop caring what other people think because i realize that they are living their own reality , just like i am living my own reality . people needlessly worry about what sam , joe , ... i don't like to gossip , but most people seem to spend the majority of conversations gossiping , or talking nonstop about themselves . there's a difference between being open , and being ... i am drawn to fs , maybe because i am an f . i love how they are generally more touchy feely like me and thoughtful . but i have yet to know or date a healthy f . the ones i knew made absurd assumptions ... infp : you have a beautiful heart . i am the one who cares more about the card than the gift . i am the one who , once i decide to love you , will love you always . i am the one who wishes people would see me for me , and not someone ... i'm not a thinker but i love thinkers . one of my best friends is a thinker and i used to hate that side of him because he seemed to suppress his emotions and it would drive me crazy . but in the past ... any unhealthy type . i generally get along with most people , whether or not i like them , as i feel i can learn from any person , encounter , or experience if i choose . however , i would prefer to not be ... i babysit 2 kids occasionally . after nap time , i brought the little boy into the kitchen and asked do you want anything ? ( i meant like water or juice ) . he said in the sweetest little voice you . ... i think we're trying to constantly fix ourselves . heal ourselves , i guess . and when we see parts of ourselves in other people , we try to heal them as well . of course , that's not really a good thing ... i don't know about the guy infp you are talking to ( i'm a girl infp ) , but the fact that he wants to come out to see you is a positive sign . i would never go visit someone out of state if i didn't ... '