' its more like , whats the first thing i wouldn't do ? first of all , i'd cut all college schooling by a year so ppl don't need to spend 4-5 years in an institution and just spend 3 in stead . i'd demand ... all guys are shallow . we all are . we're all players .. don't think that we're not for a second . when a guy tries to come off as not being a player , that's just a strategy . the ones who act like they ... how about during and after school . yeah , thats more like it . got a break in the morning tho . guess they weren't on their a game in the morning so they had to save their best jokes for me during midday i can lead all my friends to the nuthouse . thats where im going and it they're stupid enough to follow me , they can get first dibs on the anesthesia and sleeping pills its our god given right ! shit , whats the use these people out here dont give two shits about you either way badass and nf is an oxymoron suck it up nfs ! you'll be licking your wounds in solitude for the rest of your life . enjoy the taste of your misery now while you still can i'm sorry for a lot of crap . i am sorry . shit , my entire life needs a delete button because whats the f * cking use the difference is this : isfps rock peoples socks and infps just suck . i'll be the first to tell you ... that they suck enfj , insp , milf , adhd .. shit its all better--anything is better than being an ... dear girl who doesn't give two shits about me but still acts like she does just to be nice and keep a bs friendship , here are some things i'd never tell you in person : you have a nice ... f * ck . my.life . in that order best party of my life is when i go to sleep . that way i dont have to deal with myself and everyone remains happy id be lucky to marry anybody as messed up as i am it's hard for me to not trust someone . i'm a natural optimist so i see the best in people before they show me the worst . i prefer being with someone's who compatible and cooperative . who said they have to be near your age ? if they're 18 , its fair play . unless your like .. 55 or something .. thats just creepy . that being said , the best age to get with a woman is between the ages ... i'm not trying to change the world . this earth was spinning before i got here and it will still be spinning after i leave . but to break all my desires and dreams down to their essence , my ultimate ... mastery . i cant just list a whole group of things--a lot of things draw my attention . but if there's one theme that overrides my life that is it . i feel lonely a lot . but lately i've come to accept who i am--i appreciate solitude and time to reflect . i've spoken to people who were more extroverted than myself and they say they feel bored when ... this is funny . i am a deeply introverted person . i have had few intimate relationships during my short life . but i have had many interactions with different people and i can say that i am a ... i'm not really unique . everyone is unique . there are just certain things about myself i am unwilling to compromise . so i either leave those things alone or find ways to bring them to the surface so ... a fish . there are times when i am weak and i flow downstream . there are other times when i surprise myself and swim against the current . i ride the tides of life with a philosophic calm . there is ... i don't change my personality enough . yeah man . you gotta have balls . as infps we live inside our heads . and thats cool--we can understand complex ideas , hold deep conversations , and are just all around intelligent folk . but ... people don't usually discuss the meaning of life and their ideas of morality and immorality at polite social functions so i guess the internet was the next best thing smokin to get some of our ... i think we are more susceptible because we want to imagine there being an alternative side to life . some undercover side to life that we don't directly experience . but nowadays it seems like ... it's not just you . do you ever see people in public who do things like dye their hair pink and wear a whole bunch of chains and other attention grabbing items just to draw focus to themselves ? thats ... to get mad street cred i'm cool with scanning naked female bodies but uncool with naked body scanners . i speak american dammit my penis is 6 inches ... from the ground . some crap about ninja turtles and silly putty look , you're thinking too much . just draw a line from your room to the kitchen and tell them if anyone crosses that line there's going to be trouble . liquor stores that sell alcohol on sunday and a lil something called a federal reserve note the only connection insects have with me is through a shoe . nah , i don't have the energy or money to switch my style up at a whim . - - that depends . are you cute ? just start thinking of everyone as a friend you haven't lost yet . heck no ! people think i'm a nutcase . people act like they've never seen someone perform an animal sacrifice in a cafeteria before . i had a dream that i pissed myself in my sleep . i was either drunk or dreaming but it felt so real ok i must be an nt because i'm so isolated that i feel like i'm waiting for spiritual enlightenment or something some jazzed out neo soul i so feel you . my friends mom usually tests as an enfj but lately she's been testing as a milf . yeah i'm an undercover extrovert been in the closet for the longest but its time to let my true colors shine ! haaay ! i have a dirty mind difference the spirit of truth is my spiritual advisor--he flows straight from the survival scrolls so you know i aint worried i'm surprised i'm sober . wear more yellow . all the cool kids are doing it plus it makes you look optimistic and friendly . honestly no . i'm just looking for some quick hit n split booty . '