' wow , yes , in fact i believe that and i've come across many people that find their inferior function as a source of irritation . for example , most intuitives find engaging in activities that require ... ok ... let me put it this way : how can a person with dominant introverted intuition - which means that they practically live in a world of ideas and possibilities stemming from the subconscious - pay so ... yes , thank you ! i was about to post the exact same thing . my mom is an isfj , so i can easily recognise her behaviour patterns anywhere . i've also extended my knowledge of the isfj type by reading ... laurie 17 what a vivid imagination ! ! fascinating ! that's actually proof that part of us really knows it's a dream , so we can create a unique person to protect us , that appears in every dream ... wow ... i said the exact same thing to my dad yesterday , when he asked me why i'm so tired . there are times that i want to go to sleep , just to stop thinking for a moment all those things that ... wow ... i couldn't have described it better . i have all of those dreams and also : - dreams , where i fight for my life - dreams , where i fight for my life and the lives of those in the dream ... i guess the most horrifying thing for me is that i get sooo easily hurt by critisism . and for infj , a person that wants to be strong enough to protect all those people dear to him - and not only ... i really hope you're right . i , for one , share your opinion . but i've read enough about entp's manipulative behaviour towards infjs to benefit from them by having them solve their psychological ... omg , i'm blushing .. :P :) thank you :) i'd love to meet hokahey , seastallion , peacenluv 78 and many other people in perc , especially from the infj forum :P which i hope to be possible in a few ... my mother is an isfj but my situation is identical to yours . i mean , there's not one thing that you mentioned that she didn't do to me . where to begin ? it's a given that she's bossy and will try to ... oh no , my relationship with my father is excellent . my relationship with my mother , on the other hand , is the worst . i will elaborate on another post :) my grandmother ' s amazing . she is a loving ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_yTphvyiPU&ob=av2e it's hard to cope with the critisism and the insults of the people close to you , but it's a million times more difficult to cope with this kind of insults when the offenders are your own parents . i ... as many of you i'm sure , i'm surrounded by xsxj relatives , which are very strict , imposing and narrow minded and won't accept anything that isn't done as they instructed . so my entire life i've been ... i definitely agree . i open up and express my feelings only to people who i trust and have earned my trust . otherwise i'm not expressing my feelings or deepest fears , but i'm simply being enthusiastic ... very curious you should say that ... my father is an entj and my mother an isfj too . well my father , he doesn't seem like a fierce fieldmarshal to me , on the contrary . i think that the fact he grew up ... hahahaa ! ! ! xd hilarious thank you . no need to be sorry , no hard feelings :) well said :) very inspiring :) no arguing ! i didn't insinuate anything different ... as a said before i asked for the sake of philosophy and a clearer view of different idealist approaches . i happen to study socrates who wanted to ... guys , calm down ... i ask merely out of philosophical interest and out of curiosity about what other idealists believe regarding this matter ... of course i know what the role of an idealist is in a ... what is the role of the idealist in a modern society ? are there any great causes left for idealists to pursue ? what are those ? how can idealists achieve their goals and by what means will they be ... what is the role of the idealist in a modern society ? are there any great causes left for idealists to pursue ? what are those ? how can idealists achieve their goals and by what means will they be ... thank you :) that was most helpfull and insightfull ! you're right , we should love and support ourselves , reward them , confort them , otherwise we won't be able to help anyone ... apparently what agitates us is a conbination of lack of confidence , stress , and unreasonable fears ( or guilts ) . if considering the facts or evidence helps us regain a calm mind and dismiss painful ... unfortunately , it seems that it is a common thing for infjs to be insecure and lacking confidence about themselves , which often inhibits their progression and even leads to some kind of ... ahaa ... interesting ;) ^ ^ oh my god ! ! ! sooo true ... my intj friend calls me that ... i completely relate to that ! i actually enjoy activities that require solitude because i can relax and reflect on my thoughts . as for physical activities , such as joking or running , doing it with ... well , you're free to go out with any girl you want and believe what you want to believe . but saying you have proof of what you said and merely refering to two unfortunate relationships with infj ... thank you ! :) i ' ll try to do what you suggested :) i admire you :) i haven't gotten to that level yet ! ! ... of completely ignoring them , i usually fall into depression ... :/ what a strong character i am , ha ? ? :( hahahahaaha ! ! congradulations ! you're the first infj mentioning sex in a thread ! :P father : entp mother : isfj sister : enfp me : infj or ... what one could describe as a living hell ... :P you're lucky to be born a boy and not have an sj mother to try and teach to you how to be a good housewife and take care of the house and its chores , even if that means that you'd have to spare ... well good luck with that ... :) your mother is propably an nf ... at least you have someone in your family that can understand you ... :( judging from your father's occupations , he could be a entp engineer ... just a thought ... the e and the p can be quite confusing when looking for a personality type , so that a nt can be mistaken for a ... i have the exactly the same problem with my mother ... they're sj ... don't doubt it for a second ... we just have to explain it to them , what bothers us , hope that they understand and make the slightest ... the proof , do you have any proof of that ? ? ? my dear intj i am a complete stranger to you and you have absolutely no reason to listen to what i have to say to you , but , for what it's worth , i'll tell you what i think ... nobody - and i mean ... iconoclastic visionary itachi rules ! ! ! a great movie and a great song ( treasure planet ) so , if you were a cartoon character who would you be ? ? ? i for one would like to be pocahontas because she always protected her tribe ( especially in the 2nd movie ) and was a good representative of ... ' ' honestly ' ' ... ' ' actually ' ' ... ' ' oh god ! ! ! ' ' ... i actually forgot to mention the most important thing ... the way i managed to get through my depressive phase was by reminding myself of my goals ... of all the things i wanted to accomplish , all ... i relate myself to most of these ... i'll try exercising ... until now i didn't have the time to do such a thing ... but i think i would love going to the pool ... i adoore swimming , it relaxes me ... it's ... thank you :) if that is true this is extremely fortunate ! ! ! a good roomate that you can actually communicate with and that literally lets you live your life as you want and doesn't impose his / hers ideas on you , ... when everyone around you keep saying you're absent - minded and that this is a clear indication that you're an ' ' artistic nature ' ' and you cannot do anything else efficiently ... hate them when ... you know you could always post one photo already taken or the photo you have in your profile ... :P p just kidding ... '