' i spend my free time driving to work . the lines on her forehead are caused by raising her eyebrows a lot . that could be for any number of reasons ; sometimes even the same reason another person would furrow their brow . i guess it depends ... sea cucumber that's not a furrowed brow , but raised eyebrows . that's actually sort of the opposite of a furrowed brow . an intp walks into a bar and finds himself really uncomfortable . he takes comfort in reading the drink menu quietly to himself and notices significant grammatical errors throughout . after a few ... strawberry-banana smoothie courses through my veins . i'm somewhere between the lazy slacker / employable statuses . okay , i'll play along with op : school rant . from high school , even . i had four ... there is a chance that i may have smoked weed in a bathroom of my college's administration building . i'm not saying i'm proud of it , or that i actually did it . : mellow : i don't know if this ... proud owner of a very successful male-intp , female-infj relationship here . full disclosure : i've already been mentioned in your infj version of this thread . i have the finesse down , too , i just am by no means a virtuoso . i actually credit my love of music with helping me develop my sensing , and , to a lesser extent , my feeling . i can play notes nicely , ... i think piano is the best instrument for rationals . actually , i think it's just the best for everyone to learn first . that said , i play guitar , bass , a little banjo ( irish tenor and 5 - string ) , a ... hah , i really like your post but i'm not an infj ! : laughing : my infj almost always relates the topic back to her self and explains what [ her ] thing is . i don't know if she knows she does this , but i notice it often . i try to chalk it up to her not always ... xntps hate tradition . i'm stereotyping here , but what you said sounds very j over p , so consider that another clue for entj over entp . do yourselves a favor ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ge2eCrh2TY so : infj . she sought me , and achieved a flawless victory . best friend : xstp co-best friend ? : possibly infj most of my friends are sensors , and i guess statistically that makes sense . but i ... i don't think very many of these have a clear moral sense ; most are highly ambiguous . my sense of morality is based on leaving others to do as they please and helping those i can . religion can ... intp , type 5 ( -9-4 ) , raphael . i always liked raph the best because he was the loner . the goal-oriented , no bullshit guy . he was a little bit of an ass , though , sometimes . are we sure about sp on ... i've heard more often that infj is the rarest type . i agree that intps are quite rare , and that the high number on perc means nothing regarding rarity . if sensing types really make up such a huge ... and in the libertarian dream land , there is no need to prosecute companies because they simply don't do anything wrong ? our society runs by rule of law . do you not have faith in that system anymore ? ... no . in fact , you lost . : laughing : okay , our conversations are starting to cut into my work productivity for real . seriously , though , your last post didn't have anything i greatly disagree ... i always liked raph because he was a loaner . i also appreciated donatello's ingenuity and green , scaly skin . keep in mind , this isn't the debate forum . we're discussing political philosophy . and if i remember correctly , we were in fact going through and pointing out logical flaws or inconsistencies , or ... i've learned a lot from debating people with whom i sometimes hotly disagree . even on multiple levels , as i have to clarify my own facts and positions with research on occasion . what i'm ultimately ... today my infj girlfriend told me okay you're right . i'm done arguing . granted , it was a completely pointless argument . but one man's pointless is another man's jumping off point ... if we're talking in idealistic terms here , no , government regulations would not be necessary . but in an ideal world , i'd be an anarchist . in an ideal world , we'd all have a great capacity for ... i wasn't thinking about japan , more like france and canada . really anywhere where they're paying less of gdp for better quality healthcare . while the us government might not be the most ... no real disagreements here , people really should get their shit together . welfare reform and oversight are important . i'm actually surprised to hear you say this . but it's true ; i wanted ... helping those who cannot help themselves is not for the sake of encouraging dependence . i don't know why cash for clusters was so bad . obamacare ( yawn ) could have been an effective program if ... i think you might be a little ( okay , a lot ) out of touch with what the modern left believes . you sound otherwise educated on many aspects of policy , but your image of the progressive seems like sort ... welcome , gina . my girlfriend and i were just discussing the possibility of moving to california . anyway , welcome to the forum ! my suggestion is to read the sticky posts for the personality ... but it's so ... irrational . ah , but that's only one side of it . you can't call yourself a libertarian and advocate banning gay marriage , abortion , recreational drug use , etc . far right and far left just don't cover it ... it's possible to be a left - or right-leaning libertarian . take this test : the political compass - test it abandons the left-vs-right political continuum for a little more dynamic analysis of ... you guys are babies . bring on the trees ! an intp walks into a bar and wtf is this music . the entp goes up and turns it off . this is perfect ! especially when you drive stick . it gave me a lot of confidence and control of my car and time on the road is prime thinking time . some of my favorite people on here are infps . some of the most obnoxious people on here are infps . the intp was the only one who saw him do it . they nod to each other , knowingly . i love to drive . i love to drive fast , too . i have always driven like this , but my gti purchase in ' 07 enabled me like crazy . it's one of my outlying sensing habits . on the other hand , there ... chodes made his post cool . being cool is extremely subjective . it all depends on whose opinion you care about . er .. about whose opinion you care . and i thought a lot of what you said was republican catchphrase bullshit . i'm trying to come to an amicable agreement here . i watched your video . i'm touched by her story . however , i already ... i respect you taking this argument this far based on one faulty statement . it shows debate-balls . i admit it was hasty , bad word choice on my part . common sense was a bad way of describing it ... nope , extended magazines . and yes , banning cars and cigarettes would save more lives . definitely . i'm talking about principle . i didn't say anything about being an authority on legitimate ... congratulations , you'd make a great criminal . i didn't advocate this bill . it's also not liberal policy ( typically ) . it's not about people simply not needing high capacity magazines . does jay ... assumptions ... not that my personal experience matters at all in this debate , but i have fired several clips each of 9mm and . 22lr and i am pretty skilled at both . again , this has nothing to do with ... how about reforming the corporate tax code ? the people on top don't really pay taxes . small businesses are heavily burdened but the richest corporations are excellent tax dodgers . when we stop ... god . you sounded reasonable and maybe even intelligent up to this point . libertarians and fiscal conservatives make so much sense until it comes to shit like this . you honestly ( honest , please ) ... an intp walks into a bar and immediately has women fawning over his brooding intensity and angular , stoic face . the attraction ends as soon as they attempt to communicate with him . my girlfriend and i often go to the same place for lunch , and a good friend of ours , we'll call him kyle , works there as a cashier . today i decided to go two doors down for lunch , and she did the ... oh my god , don't encourage me . it was just an attempt at some topical humor : laughing : '