' sargon , the ruler of mesopotamia , regarded as the world's first emperor . he came from humble beginnings and rose to the top . his name means the king is legitimate . someone told me a few weeks ... thesonderer i guess it does make me feel a little bit better to know i'm not alone , however the reality is that i probably will go on to live an average life . all the things i told myself i didn't ... i feel like being average is the worst thing that could happen to me . average is bland to me . i've always wanted more , something bigger than the norm of so many people's lives . i crave something ... lackluster , depressed , anxiety . youngest - i have an older brother ( extx ) and sister ( isfj ) . so much work i've had my hair really long for many years ( like just to my hips ) , but this past summer , i decided to donate my hair and got it cut a little bit past my chin ! what a fun experience ! i was ready for ... i hate my birthday . i hate having birthday parties . it just makes me feel kind of sad and alone . birthday rant ahead ... i hate attention being focused on me - people don't pay attention to me ... had a series of disturbing dreams last night . i can only remember two of them very vividly , but i still remember the last one , even if it was really hazy . one was where i dreamed i woke up in ... . i have just been alternating between listless and lonely and sad and apathetic these past weeks ( a little more than a month or so ) . it's like i get better for a little bit and then it comes back ... very cool ! don't exactly understand all aspects to it , but seems pretty well thought out . i enjoy the idea of different subtypes because sometimes i don't feel like i fit in with all of the ... intjs . rrrgh ! i know quite a few . almost every intj that i know alternates between being chummy with me , then trying to annoy me just for fun . they really know how to push my buttons . other ... depends on what type of authority , and how much there is , and how it is being used . i feel as if most people should be free to run their own lives as long as they don't infringe on the lives of ... i do enjoy a little melodrama in my artwork . :) i feel really connected to alphonse mucha's work . 322378 3223 86 322402 3224 10 these two artists really capture a look of beauty , nature , ... i like using them , but i rarely actually post anything on my social media accounts . recently , however , i've started feeling sad when i look at it .. it makes me feel like my life isn't as fulfilled ... after stressing all semester over art projects , and feeling really sad and wanting to go home , a couple months ago i just started bonding with a group of people ( outside of art school , which is nice , ... chomp , slurp , smack , please don't eat your snack ! you select a treat that's so delicious - little do you know your mouth is vicious . why does it take you an hour when it could have been done in ... emo loner ( sometimes ) lives in a fantasy world pushover writes sad things soft-spoken hypersensitive awkward ( depends on the mood i am in and what people i am around . a lot of people say i'm ... intp , probably . but maybe an entj or entp . you can use either . there are certain advantages and disadvantages to both . personally , i like using graphite better because i feel like i have more control , but it takes a little bit longer for me . ... 298522 2.5 hour exercise form drawing studio today . it's my first time ever using subtractive techniques . still a long way from being finished , i might upload it again once i fix everything and put ... age : 19 gender : i am a lady . country of residence : united states of america nationality : i get inspiration from other people . there are quite a few art blogs and social media accounts i follow , and it's always nice to see people post amazing things almost daily ( or every few months ) , ... 272410 basic bitch from one of my latest projects . the assignment was to create a prop using the wood shop , then create a visually compelling photograph with it ( no photoshop allowed :( ) . i ... 271826 i live in richmond currently , as i attend a university there . i like it . but my home is in nova ( northern virginia ) , about thirty five minutes away from d . c . , in the suburbs . i live in ... this is good , comforting advice . i understand how it will be soon , but it's hard to wait . i feel like i'm being swallowed up by the present . it's hard to keep this advice in my head when the anxiety ... welp . i think i'm about to go crazy . i feel like screaming at the top of my lungs until i black out . i hate my space research ( art [ like sculpture and other mixed media bullshit that i will ... i had an awful day today . it's probably the worst day since fall semester started , and that's saying something . i hate my sculpture class ( it's called space research ) . my teacher is absolutely ... here's something weird that i did when i was little : we had an abundance of caterpillar nests in our front yard in a little forest-y section . a few of the neighborhood kids , my older brother and ... wow . i got , a warrior in hell : you will be a warrior in hell ! your sinful ways have lead you down the wrong path , deep deep down ! your strong character will surely be needed as you sign in the ... i like some esfps , and then others i really don't like . everyone has such a different personality ( even within type ) so it really depends from person to person . my aunt is an esfp , however , and she ... i like all three , have lived in all three , and feel comfortable in any of them . right now my home is in the suburbs , but travel in one direction for about fifteen minutes and you are suddenly in ... many children's shows do teach these things . i babysit a lot and most programs that are on for preschoolers teach good values and life lessons . i even like some of them - doc mcstuffins , sofia the ... kyusaku it gives me no pleasure , but yeah , it is very difficult to be around him - or the rest of my family - when he is near . i wish i could go back in time and undo all of the muddied mess that we ... three cats , one dog , some fish , a hermit crab , a few frogs ... yes . i love animals . i can relate . i've never had a good relationship with my brother , and it's irritating and painful to be around him . these past few days have been on and off again hell , depending on how much time we ... i went to a tiny private school that had very few subjects besides the basics . i always wished we could have more art classes - i would have loved to take art history , or photography , or ceramics , ... i do not really friend people on social media , however in real life many people see me as very outgoing and unless i'm in a strange mood ( which is not uncommon , but is very random ) almost everyone i ... no , i am not . if you want to buy organic it's perfectly fine , but nonorganic food is just as safe - or safer - more efficient , and less expensive as organic food . it's also better for the environment ... i voted i am satisfied , because i wouldn't want to become a completely different type - that would mean i'm not being me . however , i would like to change some aspects of my personality to become a ... i definitely say these all the time , too ! adding to those , i say oh my lord , apparently , i think , and for some odd reason i snap and point a lot . people tell me i do the snap and point ... isfj and infp . we get along like two peas in a pod ! 240066 netflix ... and perc . i've had some pretty scary zombie dreams . i've also had dreams where a mutated version of a doll that i used to have locked me in my room , multiplied by the thousands , and tried to murder me with a ... most of the people i know are xsfp's or xsfj's . i get along with xstxs , well , and pretty much everyone . i can kind of adapt or find common ground with practically everyone . the people i clash with ... i just had to put in this video when i saw the title : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jstKarcgmKU i don't know . maybe ! for the most part , i'm pretty lax about things , but i do have a few aggravators : 1 . dishes in the dishwasher must go in the right way . 2 . for goodness sakes do not leave : 03 seconds on the ... virginia . virginia wins every time . there is no place better than virginia to live in . all hail the beautiful floral springs , humid , hair frizzing summers , gorgeous golden red autumns , and snowy ... i use the words for me , pretty much , and actually a lot . well , for me , that piece of art is just an awful example of what performance art is all about . i pretty much just want to lie ... '