' hi ! i'm asking this question because i have a friend who , i admit , i really like . he's taken the test a few times and once infj ( almost infp ) and then tested isfj . i think he associates with isfj .  ... i have a lot of favorites though ... ; a ; hey rosetta ! ( - i yelped a bit when i saw that they were on your list , too . they are my favorite ! ) fun . rem panic ! at the disco ... i'm infp and i got sorted into hufflepuff , not surprised . but i identify more as a huffleclaw . my intp sister got into gryffindor , surprisingly because it's obvious she's a slytherin . my isfj friend ... http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v354/BlueUtopiah/BlessThisPost.jpg hey moon , please forget to fall down hey moon , don't you go down you are at the top of my lungs drawn to the ones that never yawn <3 i don't know yet ... i think i'm straight but like sliver i am bi-curious . i'm debating whether or not i'm bi or if i'm straight-just-bi-curious . it's really confusing for me , maybe because i've never ... i looove vlogbrothers ! gosh , they are just amazing and they are my role models . john is one of my most favorite authors and he is my inspiration for writing . someone on tumblr asked what ... infps are the oxymoron that makes sense infps are like tardises - - we're bigger on the inside (: well , if you actually think about how big the universe is , i believe there are definitely aliens out there . heck , we might be aliens that other life forms from light years away wonder about . you ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zrnd63DAH8o i love the vlogbrothers so much (: i got sorted into hufflepuff , which i'm very happy about (: i've gone to this point where i stopped caring . i was yelled at by my family for failing a 100pt quiz even though i was told that they'll understand if i tried my hardest . i do , i really do . and they ... these guys are fantastic (: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VY2uf2QShhc one direction right now , i looove amanda tapping from sanctuary and stargate . she's just so nice and adorable and so gorgeous and beautiful and adorable ... i think i have a crush on her * . * i mean , look how ... just like everyone else said , it was interesting , but i really really liked it . ( i eat fish a lot , too so ... ) fish fingers and custard ;) that was really good , but avocado + milk is really good . my mom gave me ( i think ? my memory is hazy ) mango ( ? ) + fish sauce and that work surprisingly well together . ... you don't return calls or text back until 10 years later i'm kind of guilty of that , too . well , i've never been in a relationship , but when i have a crush , i will do everything to be with him . during the end of class , i would pack my things up lighting ... they will feel a range of emotions : confusion - why did they hug me ? suspicion - wait ... are they hugging me for a reason ? are they going to kill me ? do they secretly hate me / making fun of me / etc ... shaun tan , definitely . also leonid afremov is really lovely , too . i think i would totally write a romance novel , but not something sappy that could make me throw up glitter or something . i mean , i love a good love story or a story about love ( * pokes ( 500 ) days of ... i think this whole song and video sums up an infp pretty well . i'm not sure if i posted this in another infp thread , but i think it's absolutely wonderful .  ... mostly random bits of lyrics of skinny love by bon iver come on skinny love , just last the year pour a little salt we were never here my my my , my my my , my my and and i told you to be ... this is parokya ni edgar ( edgar's parish ) from the philippines . gosh , they're such an adorable band <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0IJ476miow this song is called harana , or serenade uso ... well , i'm currently reading romeo and juliet for class , and there's no doubt in my mind that romeo is an infp . i've read hamlet as well and he rings infp as well dear isfj / infx ( you took the test twice and i still am not sure what type you are ) , i am in that void between liking you and loving you and i don't even know if you even mean to me as a friend as ... i hate glee with such a passion . the sudden kony hype kind of bothers me . that's really interesting to know . i don't know , i just can't seem to relate to being enfj now . wow , i wonder what happened to me ##identity crisis http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssdgFoHLwnk hmm ... i scored efj . i guess that is correct because i was way more ridiculously outgoing and sociable when i was younger . now i'm infp and way more introverted and socially awkward and more aware of ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1rYmzQ8C9Q i know it's not christmas but so many feels for this song i'm a disappointment . i regret having a facebook , and i want to erase literally everything i've posted and just keep it low-profile . fb is just ... weird . um ... i'll think of something tomorrow ;) that's okay , we love the e's too ;) but as an introvert , gosh , all of this rings true ! i have noticed at my high school , we're in groups instead of individual desks . it's an art school , so most of ... * goes off searching for a lightbulb but got distracted by doing something else and completely forgetting about getting a new lightbulb coming back probably 3 months later just remembering that you ... almost relieved ( hopefully ) misconception : i'm generally a happy person . truth : honestly , i'm really pessimistic and sad on the inside . i feel happy , and i may express that a lot , but i am not happy . misconception : i'm ... surprisingly 18/20 : o and i felt a little out of it taking the quiz too i just looked at the eyes thank you so much you guys , it helps a ton . i'm so scared to the point i don't even want to think about it . thank you again <3 well , i have a 5-7 minute speech in a few days and i . just . completely . hate . it . our teacher moved way too fast in writing the written speech and practicing so my speech ended up really crappy . i ... this is what i believe to be my parents : istj - father isfj - mother intp - older sister ( she took the test ) that's okay , i'm late too . never been to a concert , no boyfriend or first kiss ( i know some people who've had 50 + boyfriends > . > ) , i hate partying ( as if anyone's gonna ask me ) ... yeah . i mean , i'm ... i also feel pathetic and i just feel like this big gigantic pile of crap thanks to grades . ): i am not an intj but it is also really ridiculously difficult for me to say i love you . i don't know why , i just feel uncomfortable . i don't usually to say it a lot . i can't even say it to my ... gosh , i don't know what's up , but almost all of the people i know will always comment on how adorable i look and act ... sort of like an awww you're so cute / adorable . this is not intended to be ... oh gosh do not get me started . if there was one book that changed my life , it would be tales from outer suburbia and the lost thing by shaun tan . both are short picture books , but don't mistaken ... ubuntu - i'm not sure if it's slow tempo , but it's definitely ambient . maybe you could look at sigur ros , parachutes ( the one with alex somers ) , port blue , sleep dealer . i'm not sure if this is the ... i'd say ravenclaw . '