' well , the blue has ti in there , and the red has traits of someone who might be a bit controversial , both common entp traits . where as the entp traits i have is that i'm considered heady , and also ... yes , i'm a mixture of green-yellow as well i'd say . yellow being the dominant colour , ( hence my entpish nature if you read the descriptions on the first link ) , where as someone who is more of a green ... yeah the test i did is no longer online anymore sadly . i got yellow which was inline with the entp of mbti according to the comparison chart . i believe this due to being a type 7 so / sx enfp , we are ... yes , i know a type 9 enfp male enfp d / e - 0 i have high sexual drive , but i do not act upon it , i wish to have a genuine relationship based on love , and not just physicality . sexual attraction is there , but i do not let ... i can see now this is not a place for genuine christian discussion . it has become a jw witch hunt . instead of staying on topic , people have stooped to the level of insults and mockery of people's ... so i was just dancing like a weirdo on purpose with earphones in unaware of the police knocking on my window ... lol no idea what they must of thought . then i go outside because there is some ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyf5n5P5UYI what a couple of mentally distressing months i have had . one anxiety or depressive episode after the other . turns out it seems that i have pure o-ocd . mental obsessions without physical ... can't spell ? w - ohhh , the you're ! wow , i never do that xd typical . but that means we are perfect for each other ... :P if we were in love perhaps . ( turns out your'e demi , perfect ! ) nobody is as edgy as me . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xnog3ET2Zcc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsj0TbnnGMU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CegYAVEtqs0 i feel i have just come to a realisation to why ( including me ) so many enfps are prone to anxiety and depression ! we are too introspective . we are introspective extroverts . giving us that ... what was i talking about a while back here ? having trees that are made out of meat ? various foods made from cell experimentation ? i was right ! growing real non sentient meat and even meat ... i knew that was going to be you when i saw that sentence in my email lol . how can you be so intellectual yet so impractical ? i had a dream that i had a gf . it wasn't just some sexual dream , but no , it sooo intimate . i think she was an enfp or infp . alternate star wars prequels idea ; what if there was no clones . now of course , the original star wars mentioned the clone wars . but what if it was in fact a reference to a sith master who after ... i think you need to realise that even thinker types have emotional disorders as well . mbti is only a processing order . thinkers are not void of emotion and feelers are not void of logical thinking . ... that's not fe , that's fi . look at your wording . makes me feel . i . fe is not personal , it does not make you feel something like that , it does not absorb people's feelings . it expresses ... https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t31.0-8/17192456_1650760661894791_3142006804223386421_o.jpg?oh=ec7b675364cd64066544498475c12a51&oe=592B0E4C one moment i'm reading , one moment i'm dancing , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53_dFxtMFRI i have never experienced it , however i know some white people who have a thing for feeling afros . i myself have a black friend , and as soon as i started growing a beard he kept coming up to me to ... never thought i'd say it ... but i think my transformation is complete ... i'v become a vegetarian ... i also synchronise with these troubles . anxiety , repetitive or obsessive thoughts , which eventually go away . but during them it's a battle between f and t , repeatedly giving myself objective , sane ... well , it's already been said that luke is more powerful than kylo and that in episode 8 we are going to see big things from him . luke is a master now , we have not seen the full extent of his ... a random thought on star wars : the force awakens . i think it's possible that rey was left on jakku as a child by her parents , then later picked up by luke , trained as a jedi into early ... i saw mike as more of an entp than intp . is there a reason you'd say he was more introverted than extroverted ? well , same here , but i found the out loud variation far more positive , potent and less argumentative . a bit of a revelation . talking my thoughts out loud to myself helps clear them , or put them into a more realistic perspective . motivation , telling myself to do something , or to be positive ... it's ... hashtag abuse . yes . it's extremely easy . when i'm in fully love , in a relationship , i find nobody else attractive . nobody else but them will turn me on . and even if in the rare case i find someone else ... so , someone on fb ... posted a valentines day picture of the bedroom , all romantically set up for their partner ( who they also have kids with ) , words up saying only you perfect relationship and so ... roaminspirit always find out their age first , and also if they are already taken . * looks in mirror * stop . procrastinating . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNUtAn9JJQw man , this is an accurate depiction of me when i first went to the doctors years ago about my anxiety xd i mean even the part where he get's his tongue ... ohhh sleeep pattern , why do you always betray me . stop robbing me of my life . i swear , it feels like i have several disorders . dyspraxia , adhd , ocd , anxiety , some mild form of aspergers and of ... those emotional highs and lows right ? i think it's an enfp thing ... not purposeful laziness , but lacking practicality and present focus / tendency to procrastinate . gah , a spider webbed down right in front of my face ! grabbed it by the web and just put it on the floor in a corner lol . you're kidding , this is the reason why i'd watch them all ! xd ah i love music videos with spoof subtitles . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdyC1BrQd6g one of the best and most renown . ah i see ! i can just imagine you facedesking with the background noise of ooohhhaa ahhhhh , naaayyyahhh , hooo , ohhh , ay yahhh . xd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTIIMJ9tUc8 a temple ? wonder if i'm coming down with something , i'v been emotionally sensitive more than usual of late , anxious , tired and now for the last couple of days i'v been extremely thirsty despite having several ... update ; i looked it up and it seems my initial theory on this is correct ! couples who kiss at least nine times a day have the same mouth bugs | weird | news | express.co.uk hmmm ... people are disgusted when people spit at them , in their food or on things , because it's unhygienic , but kissing with tongues is fine ... yet you swap loads of saliva and bacteria in that ... http://img.memecdn.com/the-truth-about-escalators_o_6705691.webp so true . i always have the themetune of that scene in my head when i'm on one . '