' the day after you can look back and laugh , but it's pretty insane how strong depression fueled hatred and anger can be i just discovered that i'm not really as much of an infp as i thought , i think i will go back to lurking every once in a while . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHESjItTd-Q&feature=watch_response best song ever ! sometimes i think i'm not an infp because i'm not like the others , i don't think i fit in anywhere . usually laying back and being nice gets you through , but yes a handful of times there were people who just didn't like me ... they had it out for me and would talk smack , of course i had to hold ... my usual self . back in the day when i would show my hysterical side to a group of friends they would say lol , imagine him high ! ... i can be a bit more extroverted yes , but i can do that while ... yes yes and yes ! * puts away sword * hmm ... so i read here what girls have said in other places pretty much . be nice but don't be clingy , insecure what constitutes clingy ? ? ? the ncie guy is probably going to not be confident , that's ... it's sick , i hate the fact that i turn to it to fap sometimes , afterword i am disgusted . i feel sorry / angry about the whole thing , it definitely adds to my negative worldview . i want to say i wish i ... someone talked about the moon , i have tons of pictures of the moon on my phone . taken with different effects and different places ... love to get different landscapes n such . which reminds me i ... when you have the titanic soundtrack on your mp3 player . this thread has made me feel bad , i have my stuffed animals in the back of the closet . let me see there's chilly willy , the animaniacs and ... i don't even care anymore , i talk to myself in public all the time . how long would you have to wait to be able to tell someone all the random things and realizations you have ? how often do you get ... when you never really bring up what kind of music you are into because you are : a . shy b . don't think it's important c . people might treat you differently then when you mention you are ... thanks to everyone for this thread . i got really depressed then decided to drink a beer and read more of this thread to cheer me up . yes sir , only time i've gone to clubs is for a gig , otherwise $ 6 vodka and a good movie for me on the wall at 78 ' ' . life sucks , but baseball is finally back , time for some beer ! daylight dies - strive to see make a video ? ? ? ? profit ? ? 36hours or so , i can't see how anyone can go longer ! maybe with tons of red bull but i started seeing thins out of the corner of my eye , i just know i would lose it after that ! ^ i love airplanes , always wanted to do that ! when you know agalloch is the greatest band in the world ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6q3ZYhu6h8k " ... i was warned against this sort of thing , not that there is anything to worry about because most want emotionally stable type of person . : unsure : yes , but it doesn't even matter because if i am in a squad everyone does their own thing anyway ! i can be a lonewolf and still get a gold star in battlefield : wink : well we're poor so i stuck to cheap clothes from target , sears , jcpenney . in hs i would wear band shirts and jeans , i don't like the attention they bring me so i just try to blend in now , as far as ... i can think of funny things and make myself laugh , sometimes blurting out in public but i don't really care , i'm a ghost anyway . with my cousin i can just start laughing out of nowhere before i tell ... leo hear me roar ! : crazy : i joined myspace in hs because my friend told me to , noticed it was a nice way to keep up with bands n such . now i have no friends and have no reason to make a twitter / facebook . yes all the time , even in public i mumble to myself , i'm like a ghost anyway whatever .. what are you watching now ? ? youtube .. what shows are you watching ? ? thanks to netflix ! frasier reno 911 scrubs curb your enthusiasm freaks & geeks dexter wow ! only a few pages in , have to finish tomorrow but might be one of the most epic threads i've ever seen ! + 9000 internets to you guys ! : shocked : in front of the tv , in front of the computer , in class , at a gig , dodger stadium ... i really need to get a job .. you're the first to admit to the toe nails so i guess i will come clean too ... haha , i crack my knuckles / wrist to the point where my right index finger has a knuckle that's bigger than the rest ... i've spotted one so far , but i get the feeling metal is pretty rare for an infp ? : sad : wow ton of stuff to check out here .. lets see .. daylight dies - solitary refinement , dismantling devotion katatonia - velvet thorns , gateways of bereavement , in silence enshrined , funeral wedding ... reo speedwagon - keep on loving you ? ... i have a ton of rnb as well . i just bought it the other day at target for $ 5 : happy : maybe it's just because i live in socal , but it makes you pretty hopeless to see how skanky and airheaded they can be ... same with me , i'm at jc just getting through the general requirements , i have no friends and currently no job . you could go to the career center and take some tests to get an idea of what you're ... redhead ! brunettes because they tend not to be as ditzy ... if they are cold to you then it doesn't seem like the right person .. yes , my brother is the biggest douche you will ever meet , racist , sexist , homophobe everything and he put me down growing up . being an infp made me an outcast even amongst the rockers i would hang ... what a bunch of losers ! fireworks , rollercoasters , you'd be an awesome neighbor to have ! ! i will never move to utah ... movies , netflix is my only friend , i don't even know how to get into books , the only ones i ever read were required for english classes . yes , finding my personality type and forums such as these have been pretty helpful . funny enough i took the test when i was up at night posting on a forum totally hammered and suicidal . this is what i always say : black , but that is the absence of color ! so ... blue .. dodger blue . only with a girl i love , though you can say hey if you've never had the opportunity you can't say what you would do and i've never had the chance because i'm a loser . 1 . ) cry babies - yes 2 . ) emos - doom metal ! 3 . ) suffers from post traumatic stress syndrome - ? 4 . ) non logical - sometimes 5 . ) romantic - yes 6 . ) accepting of others - yes 7 . ) dramatic - yes ... because you touch yourself at night . hell yes ! i'm too shy / poor to even consider therapy , but how much does it usually cost ? also how much do anti-depressants cost ? since the middle of hs i would say i've been depressed and lonely . ... '