' ahhh , i know this . what you're talking about are called shit tests . what you need to do is build frame . because here's what going to happen . you answer positively , and you give her the validation ... i could have a field day with your insecurities . honestly , you're just waiting to be toyed with . but let's cut the bullshit for a minute since you're not actually next to me to tease . do you ... why are intjs intimidating ? i think a better question is why are they not ? we're just so awesome . we have unparalleled , impersonal logical scrutiny . we easily see through emotional manipulation ... philosopher : ti scientist : te i guess i'll throw in my two cents . i don't think i'm the best person to listen to though , since i actually enjoy manipulating people ( i can hear my fellow intjs painful groans - sorry , sorry it's ... well , we certainly do have emotions . that's definitely true . as an intj , allow me to explain my reasoning as to why i choose what i do in regards to them . i will speak honestly and logically to ... woah there ! i admire your effort in deconstructing my intentions , but you've made two fatal assertions . you've misinterpreted my second sentence , and asserted a false premise in the third . let's ... come now , we're not all that cold . we're just truthful . for example , in response to a generic question ... yes , you look fat in that dress . and it's not the dress , it's your ass that's making you ... we are the best at what we set our minds to . when an intj has a goal , a desire they cannot deny , that intj becomes a perfectionist in that aspect and all of the corresponding prerequisites to be ... your ne function is jumping all over the place , so allow me to put a focus to it so we can address the issue more efficiently . exactly what do you want ? it sounds to me that you want to be more ... well , i've taken the test and it confirmed my intuition . ognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) allow me to explain . your perception of ntjs is mislead . what you're seeing as judgement ( though it is caused by a judging function ! ) is actually skepticism . you must understand that this is due to ... ti vs . te is better understood when paired up with n / s . same with fi / fe . ti with ne : ne constantly picks up new possibilities to feed ti . an internal structure of the objective world is formed ... my thoughts on this is that those xntx who correct people around them unasked lack discipline . intjs in particular have a gift ( or a curse ) of quickly and effectively seeing inefficiencies and ... it's true . i'll speak out on a whim here to explain ( at least my understanding of ) why this is . we do love being proven wrong , because it is an opportunity to improve our working model of what we ... that is , until , we get to see the tragic story of the villian . and we see that the villain had this plan for a utopia that would have been several times more sensational if only that plan to take ... contempt for political correctness . i find that a person who tries to be polite instead of straightforward when truthfulness takes precedence , simply to spare the other party of their feelings , is ... use your sarcasm powers . and try to smile while you're doing it . this lets them know you're not being serious . mathematical truths . not simple stuff , i'm talking about calculus-iii tier math that might scare some people . it once scared me too , to think that something so complex can exist . but then curiosity ... i have an infj mother and an intp father . how can i find an enfp among a crowd of ̶ m ̶ i ̶ n ̶ d ̶ l ̶ e ̶ s ̶ s ̶ ̶ s ̶ h ̶ e ̶ e ̶ p ̶ people ? my ̶ p ̶ l ̶ a ̶ n ̶ s ̶ ̶ t ̶ o ̶ ̶ t ̶ a ̶ k ̶ e ̶ ̶ o ̶ v ̶ e ̶ r ̶ ̶ t ̶ h ̶ e ̶ ̶ w ̶ o ̶ r ̶ l ̶ d ̶ lack of social skills are in the way of finding the ... i'm speaking for myself , but some may agree with me . intjs are : 1 ) direct . there is no point in sugarcoating things because it defeats the purpose of communicating truths . 2 ) competent . if ... lonely ? no , i'm never lonely , because i always have my own company . why would i need anyone else ? sure , conversing with other people competent enough could be a nice quirk , but i don't particularly ... incompetence really pisses me off . i must be powerful in what i do . that's an incredibly cold and selfish thing to do ... to take advantage of a person so one could focus on their own whims and let their significant other do all the dirty , menial work . hah . i salute ... keima from the world god only knows is intj type . so is kazuma from kaze no stigma . do you like tea ? specifically hot tea . i like jasmine and white tea , but i find myself drinking iced tea more often than hot tea . do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ... i'm a software architect , as my username implies . o negative oh god , this . it's painful just reading it . you are not alone in this department . intjs have little tolerance for repetition , because as people who first notice what can be improved in a system , we ... i like my ability to easily see through people's manipulation like glass . oh yes . i'd simply engage in the nod-and-agree autopilot if someone pulled something like that . time is a very valuable asset to the intj . competence ( knowledge ) is also very important . that's a shame . i find math a beautiful language in itself . i must say , my favorite aspect of it is found in music . it's poetic . you know you're an intj when the first thing that comes to your mind when you look at a system is how it can be improved . what is love ? baby don't hurt me . don't hurt me . no more ! let's see , when i like someone , i find myself going out of my way to talk to them . you must understand , time is an extremely valuable ... that sort of practicality will get you really far . and yes , game programming all comes down to mere entertainment . your best bet to getting admitted to a big company like microsoft is , in addition to ... run all sorts of crazy experiments on it to see if there's a way to reproduce it . paper is limited , after all . maybe i'd inadvertedly make a life note or something . i'd like to emphasize this . i find myself in with very few , but very close friends . once they're up on that pedestal they have my respect for their emotions - something i usually dismiss very easily ... i-it's not like i like you or anything , enfp . i just , wanted to talk , is all . : frustrating : hah , that aside , i do feel drawn toward enfp almost as much as i do toward my kind . their carefree way ... don't ever mention games if you want to make it into a gaming software firm . believe me , you're not the only programmer here on this forum . sadly making games is nowhere near as interesting as ... toaru majutsu no index is pretty good . my avatar also speaks for itself ( the world god only knows ) . death note if you enjoy something like inception movie . my little sister can't be this cute ( no , ... that depends on what you define as hack . the most efficient and effective way is get administrative access to the server and simply browse through the files for a ( probably encrypted ) user account ... well , i can emulate it by shifting my focus from one thing to the next over and over . i don't usually do this though unless i have to . it's inefficient , especially if it's something that demands my ... '