' do you believe in destiny ? do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? yes , but i prefer a rather classy and intellectual reading-between-the-lines way and i rarely meet women who get it . does ... i have some experience with leading , especially with the leading-without-power in peer groups you seem to look for , therefore i might be able to offer some general advice . it's not in any way ... congratulations to the new job ! since this might be interesting for other people as well , i'm posting a ted video that might be helpful in this context : amy cuddy : your body language shapes who ... well ... you can't post that in an intj forum an seriously expect no objections . : wink : alcohol as common name refers solely to ethanol , which is solvable in other substances like water or other ... after the war there was a collective hiding-under-the-blanket , because of the shame for what germany had done to the world . also , the east-german population wasn't allowed to travel , so there were ... german - native language english - fluent standard arabic - intermediate latin - learned it for seven years at school , thought i forgot everything and was surprised that i understood quite a lote ... please ... love isn't just oxytocin , sex isn't just dopamine , beauty isn't just symmetry , thoughts are not just electrical signals , behaviour isn't just a stimulus-response process , speaking isn't ... jokes are usually based more on associative ideas than on logical deduction . a lot of the jokes in this thread are complete rubbish when you look at them with pure logic and reason . we're not arguing ... guys ... you're overthinking this . if you want to successfully battle an intj in the debating arena , everything depends on the battlefield , specifically : who do you want to convince ? is you objective the intj changing his / her opinion ? ... nailed it . wait , you mean they don't share the same language ! ? e . g . true could answer ja while meaning no and false could answer ja while meaning yes ? one god one question or one god three questions ? you're sure this is logically solveable ? marriage is a contract that pledges the participants to mutual protection and economical provision , although not on an extremely high level anymore . sex and love are traditionally seen as an ... the test is actually rather interesting , and , at least for me , considerably accurate . i was surprised by that because there are only a handful of questions with a binary answer - not an extreme ... that's actually strange and doesn't increase my confidence in the test you took . you simply can't have developed te and ti . you're concious mind has only one of them . if you're an intp , you have ... a possible problem in an intj-intj-relationship is the bad habit of intjs to be very straightforward on the one hand but also very sensitive to signals of rejection on the other hand . luckily intjs ... having been with an intj for years with the biggest fight beeing a very serious discussion , i can't see your point . aside from the fact that you're excessively oversimplifying : what makes you think ... 68634 15 , but she broke it up after two months , since i was learning to slow how to behave in a relationship . my first serious relationship started when i was 18 with another intj i met on an internet ... the letter-system has created a lot of misunderstandings of mbti . you might think that the fact that you're both feeling-types makes you similar , which it doesn't . having an f in the type-name just ... esfps ( see ) and intjs ( ili ) are considered to be ideal matches in socionics . i had a hard time accepting this view in the first place , but if you read about it it isn't that absurd actually . remember ... i don't dream much . when i was younger i dreamt more regularly and since that was really annoying and exhausting ( this inner world on overdrive not at daytime alone but even during the nights ) i ... it's actually the other way around ( maybe just a typo on your side ): te users are concerned with logic and consistency of the outside world . that is why intjs are concerned with efficiency , why ... aeriner : forget about the letters , all that matters are functions : now , if you look at infj's and intj's functions ( like , for example here ) , you notice that they differ : infj : ni fe ti se yeah , i would like to . i just can't find it in all of your about 20 posts in this thread . i find a lot of claims like science does this , science does that and a lot of implicit assumptions , claims ... i'm in . congratulations . would have never dared to do that , i think . mindslinger : have you , at any point in this lurching discussion , given any definition of what that science is you're referring to ? because lightning up an empty term is really so easy ... sexual fantasies that are a little bit offside do not necessarily go hand in hand with psychological disorders , but if they do , this should definitively be discussed with a professional ... i've never been heavily drunk am i'm not planning to ( controll freak issues i figure ) , but when i drank moderately it's more like elodin says : not much of a change . kind of scares other people ... depends . if the fantasies are somehow within the range of the normal weirdness that's going on in some bdsm communities and the like then i'd say you could try what you like . there are communities ... if sex works inside the contructed reality of your mind it obviously is a place safe enough to just let go and enjoy whatever fantasy you like . you don't necessarily have to trust yourself ... just a suggestion : find somebody you trust like you trust yourself . if you like the thought of sex inside your mind ( where it is safe and you control what happens ) you need to create an environment ... i actually do have a best friend whom i suspect to be intp . he also is a physicist and beats me at chess every time ( except when i open a good bottle of wine which trashes his ti faster than my ni it ... although this is probably right for some people , i never understood that . why would someone like to be the like that ? i have some expierence beeing that cold , cynical , reckless smart ass and it never ... so there is a list of reproducable criteria somewhere ? sparky the problem isn't that it is difficult to learn . i don't know much about quantum physics either and i know that it is freaking difficult to understand , but i still trust the results that ... what i found is for example this short introduction : socionics and visual identification of types the author him - / herself admits to the rather weak basis and the widespread dissent about facial ... sorry , not good enough , claims prove nothing . no clearly specified criteria , no empirical verification = > method is arbitrary and anecdotic , lacks both reliability and validity and is therefore ... if there isn't some evidence available , there is no point in guessing . : wink : substantiations would be so cool . i listen to a broad spectrum , which includes some metal but it isn't my preference . i can't even say that i have a genre i'm totally into . isn't that quite a bit oversimplified ? : wink : saying that there are too many intjs because of some hundred forum members who are supposedly intjs is clearly a big underestimation of the number of people that there are . there are 375 million ... someone's got issues with salvation fantasies ... you're just scaring the hell out of me flightsoffancy . apart from some details you describe my experiences precisely . yes , know that too ... doubles the frustration , because it wasn't really ... always keep in mind that an opinion is a statistic with n = 1 , so not everyone shares this view . though i like to be challenged , i prefer my partner to agree with me at least half of the time and in ... for everyone who doesn't know the reference , this is the regarding scene : http://youtu.be/rDuetklFtDQ?t=2m33s edit : ok , if this would work properly , the video should start at 2:33 . just drag ... be grateful that you have friends who tell you that ! i'd give a lot for someone who'd point me in the right direction sometimes . i would also be a ravenclaw , followed by gryffindor and hufflepuff with some distance , and slytherin on the last rank . maybe it's my enneagram and variant stacking that makes me just not enough an ... '