' i'm annoyed . i'm sick of negative associations and uncontrolled sensitivity to certain elements of mankind . let me explain this ... i have grown up watching and reading both comedy and tragedy , ... i turned on my computer to write something here , but it all sounded better in my head so i ended up posting this . i don't really know what i'm doing nor why . familiarity breeds so much contempt for me . with people , with interests , with hobbies , with everything . every time i find something i consider somewhat interesting , i invest myself in it so ... haha . ah , well . i'm sure you'll find something . yeah . this is really how i feel as well . there's too much clutter . both abstract and concrete . it's disorganized and it needs to be cleaned up , ... somniorum almonds . incredibly high source of protein . if you eat a pack of almonds every day , there's little possibility that you'll be protein deficient . i doubt i'm going to read 95 % of the books on my kindle . i think i should just streamline it and delete all the stuff i know i'm not going to read . there's no point in keeping like 70 very short ... radio dj , musician , actor , writer , director , lawyer , detective / investigator . there were a wealth of other careers which i found myself wanting to approach . now i just want to be myself , and if a ... stare of the sky and so i begin my stare of the sky as much of the illusion that represents reality seems so swiftly out of mind though the noise reminds me that all still survive i feel ... i downloaded a whole bunch of music . i don't know if i like any of it . i know i'd like it in different moods . but i feel like just deleting all of it . i know i'll end up downloading it again if ... yesterday was a good day for a while . then it turned upside down . i'm depressed . i wasn't a couple of days ago . but now i am . this planet takes its toll on me sometimes . i don't even know why ... edit : i wrote this while in a bad space . i don't know if i agree with it . i'm doubting whether i care . continue as you were . drugs . not necessarily the illegal ones . i hate the side effects , mostly . it's an unfortunate necessity with most medication . but i'm glad that pharmacology is continually working to minimize this ... last night i dreamed that a plane crashed in my city and opened up a portal to a world in which most people are incredibly violent vampires . they killed everyone save for something like five people ... i swore i wouldn't let something bother me this time around . i thought i could properly detach while allowing it to exist within my daily life , but it's having negative effects again . this ... i'm not a college student nor have i been . so , having not been in that situation , i don't know if there's much i can say . but i think that any advice that would usually apply to the real world ... i'm perceived in various different ways . i haven't eaten much in weeks . i'm tired of feeling sick every day . hopefully treatment should have positive results . must run defragmentation on brain . must put irrelevant information pertaining to secondary purpose either in encrypted storage or delete permanently and rewrite with relevant information only ... haha , atlantis ... i've added myself on there as well . not atlantis , i mean in general . apparently there are three other people from where i live and two in my province . fascinating . i'm seriously losing touch with who i am . i really wish i could let go of the rubbish that's doing me no good , and i really wish i just had someone to relax with and talk to . i'm so sick of ... i'm nearing 20 . i'm male . i dislike sexual labels , but i prefer the emotional , physical and social company of females both in a platonic and romantic manner . i don't remember the exact age , and ... i rarely eat meat mostly because my stomach doesn't react well to it . although , meat is not alone in that area , as various vegetarian products react the same way . i have no moral objections to it ... hm . http://i202.photobucket.com/albums/aa308/TheGreenSparrow/Early%202011/IMG_0007_1-1.jpg it annoys me when people try to guilt you into doubting yourself simply because you don't see the things the way they do . i don't mind that they see things differently . i think that's actually a ... that's fair enough . i think it's nice that everyone has their own opinions on the subject . after all , if life itself can vary so much between people , then so can their views on death . it makes for ... flying v bass ? nice . i couldn't care less if the world ended . it doesn't bother me . i'd find it fascinating to see how it occurs and how people react , but beyond that , nothing really . i've been interested in the ... i feel the complete opposite . i find the thought of death comforting and intriguing . it's a new experience , regardless of whether anything happens after . and it's a release . i couldn't imagine ... i feel so on edge , man . i've typed a few messages out on here and deleted them because they were so sardonic . i don't know what's going on with me . tranquility , you sing to me like a ... the thought of being alone doesn't terrify me as much as it used to . if i could find something i loved doing , i wouldn't mind dying alone . even if i just found myself , i wouldn't mind that . i'd ... i don't know why i own a sex toy . nor do i know why i downloaded all of that porn yesterday . fuck . it always seems more appealing before rather than during and after . too much projection . too ... that sums up how i feel as well . because i'm constantly thinking about the abstract , it's well-formed within my mind to the point that i sometimes forget that other people think in completely ... i kind of phase between being over-elaborate and metaphorical to being very shortspoken and literal . people often misinterpret what i'm saying because i lack consistency . unless i'm typing , i ... i just wanted to respond to this , because i think you've made fair points , but there are just a few things that might be relevant . when the film was released in 1940 , the united states was still ... i go through these extreme episodes . i don't know how to react to them . i phase between no ( or little ) sex drive and overly-incredibly-stimulated-high sex drive . i don't find either of them ... hah . i don't have facebook either , so i suppose i'll just wait it out . but yeah , the dragon . i had remembered the illuminati , but i had forgotten the dragon and the templars ( i shouldn't have ... yarrr , i seek the golden coins . i've actually been following its development for a while . it looks incredibly interesting , and i've already chosen the faction i want to play for ( the draconian / green one ; i forget what it's called ) ... i love that as well . i wish there were more space combat simulators . the only one i can find being developed is jumpgate evolution . but it was supposed to be released something like a year ago . edit : ... today is one of those days where i woke up a bit anxious , but proceeded to continue as though nothing was worrying me , while unconsciously allowing certain things to reach breaking point , and then ... if i actually had a friend , i wouldn't mind it ( though i'd probably prefer personal interaction ) , but when it comes to relatives , friends of the family , strangers , etc . , i really don't like it . i ... i'm also going to go ahead and say jamiroquai , elvis presley , frank sinatra , peggy lee , jeff beck and michael hutchence . ( edit : and queen . queen , man . freddie mercury . ) and like twenty power pop ... bonding . i can't explain my thought on bonding . but it's a powerful experience . i think there are multiple ways in which it can manifest . it can either be instant . it's not love at first ... i hate arguing , but i sometimes do it impulsively . i stopped for a long time . i just let people say whatever . i remained a casual observer . i liked that . i like keeping quiet and letting people ... so many i could list ... i'll try to just throw some out off the top of my head . star wars : knights of the old republic . anything developed by bioware actually piques my interest . so there's ... my force fx lightsaber is calling out for me to acknowledge the bold . when i was younger , a group of kids and i used to pretend we were in the dragonball z universe . i don't even like that show , ... seriously , i was just joking about the pronunciation thing . you can pronounce it however you feel comfortable pronouncing . technically speaking , it's not an english word , but it has been anglicized ... i can't believe i forgot him as well . i do enjoy his work . nevermore , shall i post , nevermore ... no worries . reminds me of when i first read the name descartes as opposed to first heard the name descartes . anyway , it's understandable because the first sound isn't normal in modern english ... hah . i was going to mention you in this thread . then i thought i'll let you express your hummus-love yourself . which you consequently did very quickly . that's it . maybe i was over-elaborate in ... '