' i apologize for the wrong title . it should wannabe intuitors . how do i change it ? anyway , i'm just curious : how do sensors who want to be intuitors differ in terms of behavior etc from those who ... nothing . you won't know if an infp likes you . especially if we're not sure you feel the same way . it's too risky . i was born with an enormous need for affection , and a terrible need to give it . ( audrey hepburn ) nailed it . enigmatic . mystical . ruthless . pragmatic . ix92m drawn to flaws . flaws are what make people interesting . i want to find out what is in them that goes against the grain , what is broken , what is twisted . if you can love a person , not in spite of ... undiesss . it's like hell in here . sometimes i wish i can stop working and just kickstarter my life . lol . hug . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkrOlXNFvlI don't do it , not in a hundred years you know it you feel it , i do too just listen something is calling you you're infp when anything you do , nothing's ever good enough . like , i've been writing a blog post for three hours now and i just can't finish it because i don't think it's adequately smart and funny ... i'm attracted to everyone the first time i meet them . how do you feel around really attractive people ? of the same sex ? opposite sex ? same sex - i get intimidated . sometimes i just hope they're dumb so i won't feel bad so much . opposite sex - i get ... i can be alone forever with someone nice and special . my friends think so . they usually run to me every time they need life or love advice . it's ironic though because i feel like my life's a mess most of the time . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkrOlXNFvlI something is calling you - norah jones i got intj the mastermind you scored 50 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 60 f versus t , and 80 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the mastermind . as a romantic partner , this type can be ... you know you're infp if you love rpg . why am i so fucking lazy ? gawd , i'm gonna die poor . 108994 1090 02 109010 life is beautiful . it does get lonely being alone sometimes . i feel you . i like to push people away , too , especially when i do not feel appreciated . and it hurts so much when my absence doesn't mean anything to them . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i do this when i feel like i'm being taken for granted . i ignore them until they notice and tell me they miss my infp-ness . they love the life advices i give to them . sent from my gt-p 3100 using ... it takes you days ( sometimes even weeks ) before you wash your dirty plates and spoons and forks on the kitchen sink . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i love you all . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk same as the sky . i love staring at the sky and just get lost in it . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i just apologized to my asshole friend because he said mean things to hurt me intentionally . i am so fucked up . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i'm proud to be infp because i can see the world in a way not most people do . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i'm scared of going to work , doing the same things over and over again . i'm not scared of dying alone but i am scared of living alone . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i have meaningful sex . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk pressure - paramore sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i dread going back to work . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk hannah - enfp marnie - estj jessa - esfp shoshanna - esfj got it . :P haha . why do hate it ? = _ = just ignore him and be patient . i noticed that most infps have twitter accounts . do you have one ? :) you know you're infp when you feel your ideas are useless unless you share them . but we're too shy to do so in real life . hence , we're more common on the internet this is noted . thank you ! :) yeah , it wasn't healthy :( and i feel bad about it . but we're friends now and we're okay . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk haha . = _ = sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk omg that's weird because older guys like me , too . some older men at the gym would stare at me kinda rapey and it was weird . i am not sure what to advice about developing your instinct . probably , ... for two years i was able to put up with his callousness but then one night i just went nuts because he doesn't want to talk about our issues . i took a knife and pretended i was going to kill myself ... why ? what happened ? sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk you catch the persom staring at you at least on two occasions ? i'm not really a dating guru i just follow my instincts . haha . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk yeah . and he doesn't want to talk about feelings . sent from my gt-p 3100 using tapatalk i would also recommend online dating since we can all be confident and outspoken on the internet . :) i understand . if someone checks you out , just smile or look back at them with puppy eyes . haha . that's what i usually do . hmmm ... well . guys differ . so the strategy to attract them pretty much vary , too . but for me the key to attracting any person is to just be yourself . i mean , let's say you have successfully gotten ... '