' unfortunately , i wrote a reply which then disappeared ! ugh only he can take down the walls , you can be patient , stay the course , be you ! however , he sounds young . the intj i dated when i was ... communication is the key ! i can't think of any type better to shoot ideas off of , the back and forth intj / enfp banter is intoxicating ! the chemistry between myself and my intj partner apparently is ... i will try to clarify , here in general i do not think much , at all . i surrender to sensation . he on the other hand seems to think a lot . i have asked my other sexual partners and they don't really ... i / enfp here - how to flirt with an entj ? i feeling a little clueless here , which sounds funny , however my usual natural flirtiness seems to go out the window when i am encountering someone i am ... intjs - do you think a lot during sex ? the level of dedication and thoroughness that the intjs have put into this situation and thread is quite endearing . i absolutely find the type of logical sentimentality that you all have expressed ... i have wondered about that , when i have mentioned my concern that my level of intensity might seem to some as needy , my intj gives me that playfully snarky look and says bring it on . :) i think ... wow , this thread is exhausting ! pinky , do not be afraid . you are strong enough to deal with any of the outcomes . plus , you are very young . people tend to regret the things the didn't do more ... love , love , love , my intj ! i am bursting with love right now and just want to sprinkle the universe with glitter ! sunshine and rainbows people ! joy and completeness ! i probably already replied to this thread . complete nympho here ... however i prefer sex in a relationship / sex with some level of emotional intimacy . at least a friend . ;) pleasing my partner and ... i really do pick my battles , issues of empathy , health and safety are the most importabt . school is also an important thing . i allow then to have a lot of flexibility and creativity with their ... in a relationship with an intj ... wow . i have never felt so understood in my life . we are so incredibly alike in so many ways , it's like we have the unique ability to look at concepts and ideas from ... it is about being compassionate , leading by example . the golden rule . we are so loving and compassionate with our children , they see respect and guidance they want to live within our guidelines ... i am swimming in a sea of love . the most wonderful feeling is meeting and getting to know someone who understands you ! i am with an intj with just a slight t over f preference and the level of ... it seems like only the most personally secure and self confident women are my female friends in groups . except i do have an infp friend who struggles with that . although i am friendly to everyone , ... now if that does not sound smothering ! wow ! did you ask them both to take personality tests ? when you get up to get something from the bathroom and on your way see a sex toy on the bed and decide to masturbate . i still can't remember what i wanted to get from the bathroom either ... ? but , ... i was not looking for a relationship when i realized that i had feelings for a friend ( who happened to be an intj ) . although i had been sending signals out i had to tell him directly that i had ... the only thing that makes up for it a bit is the amazing relationships i have developed with the kids . if it wasn't for that i probably would have greater regrets . i have prioritized my ... i love my kids , but one kid would have been a much easier choice for me . i have lost a lot of my freedom , it would not be so difficult except my estj husband works all the time so i feel like a ... i have only seen my friends twice in the last couple of weeks , and for not a long time . i know it sounds stupid , but at home with my family i can sometimes still feel lonely i am yearning to be with ... i think i have fallen in love with an intj . actually had him take tests , and it seems i was correct in my original assessment of his personality type . the way we communicate is wonderful , the sex ... yes ! yes ! yes ! oh wait ... there was a question involved ? enfp in relationship with intjs ... very sexual ! we are both well into middle age territory . ;) for certain he has matured a bunch . i think i was always more mature than most due to some unusual life experiences , i have never been flighty like ... my experience with intjs : they always find me - - and it is just from being myself . as a social butterfly i am out there conversing , finding out about people , etc . at first i think they write me ... update of sorts - - he has proclaimed me to be his girlfriend . i guess the intense pleasure fest we shared made quite the impression on him . us enfps are known for out sexual enthusiasm , and i ... cool ... :) falling in love with an intj . will he know before i say it ? ;) falling in love with an intj . it is a beautiful thing ... i don't know that our growth is stifled , however different cognitive functions are probably developed . there is a school of thought which considers enfp / istj duality . all that being said , married ... i have had my first wanting to bang my head on the wall moment with my intj ( i am not calling him a boyfriend yet as it has only been a few months ) . we talked about love , and he basically told me ... anyone here in a long term enfp / intj relationship ? i am a middle aged woman who has had a relationship going with a very well rounded , mature intj now for several months . all i can say is wow ! ... intj-infj ... we seem to understand each other so well . i am so amazed by them ! ! ! my estj husband is smothering me . completely . i hate living in this mad state of domesticity . i am not meant to live like this . it is one thing to work , it is another thing to make work your ... lol ... i agree . i think i make him feel like an all powerful sex god ... and he * is * panty dropping hot . i think he realizes that i truly accept him for who he is , all of him and want him to be his ... at this point i think i did the right thing . i already presented myself as someone he can call to talk or whatever , he knows i am open minded , nonjudgmental . i am just going to let it go . i have ... how do i help an estp in a bad place ? sounding very depressed , kind of hopeless ? he opened up to me deeper than he has , ever . not superficial , just brutal honesty . i reached out and told him that ... i think i saw this over on the intj thread . i would just maybe shoot off an email . i am thinking of you , but giving you space to figure out what you want . then leave it up to him . don't ... be the best you that you can be ! the right person will find you ... :) ok , maybe i can help you ... not sure . i an enfp in a 20 + year relationship with an estj . however i am an enfp woman ... so i am not sure if it is exactly the same dynamic . if you are prepares to ... as an older enfp here are my thoughts . just be you , live in the moment more when you are with him and just try to have fun . talk and get to know each other . don't worry about sex at all , have ... thanks and i absolutely agree . one thing i have noticed is that the intjs in my life seem to find me . it is like they sit back and kind of observe me for a while and then realize there is so much ... hey , absolutely not rude at all , i will explain . as an enfp i tend to be very social , bubbly and outgoing . some might see me ( attractive and kind of colorful ) and assume that i am kind of ... met a supercool intj ... known him for a few months but he just sort of noticed me a month ago and there is some sort of connection . no just want to swim in his thoughts right now ! emailing an intj and for the first time i think that i found someone who can keep with me mentally . i always wondered if i would find someone like that , and now i have had two intjs find me this ... nympho who loves emotional intimacy ! i wonder if he just gave and gave to make all those around him happy and neglectred himself and his own needs . i feel like sometimes i do that , and i can get how someone can do all of that yet not ... so mr . estp opened up . in fact , dropped a lot of deep , personal , info on me . we talked a lot over a few days . i was excited to really get to finally see him show some vulnerability . but then i ... thank you for clarification ... we are continuing to email and i will say i am incredibly impressed with his thought processes ! we can take the same general idea , discuss it from two opposite angles ... i don't think you could ' fake it ' ... or at least not this person . because i had seen him talk on multiple occasions and we talked previously even . this is the first time we had the opportunity to ... '