' results : i - 85 % n - 95 % t - 62 % j - 83 % t - 74 % overall seems pretty accurate to me . 16personalities is where i usually direct people when i have them take the test for the first time to get ... hi there . i still hold that you are ni from the last time i typed you . this just reinforces that even further . love your interpretation . this sort of apathy towards things like fame and ... wow , i am so sorry . i don't know how , but i totally thought i was waiting on a response from you on this thread . that's my bad . yeah , i think that's about how it went . he actually based the ... a hunger games salute for our fallen comrade . hm . i'll be more conscientious of that from now on . can you give me an example of something with more feeling in it , just to give me an idea of what i'm working with . obnoxious ? usually not ... so would a more intuition-centric description have elements of both feeling and thinking in it ? i know that when i write my attempt is to get away from any other functions as much as possible , but i ... can you be more specific ? this doesn't help me get at the heart of the problem you're seeing . ;) yeah ... it isn't perhaps the best way to determine type , but being unlike those of a certain type is usually a red flag . of course , it's always valid to question whether or not this person ... it's only circular if you're coming from the perspective that my understanding of ni ( and my self-understanding based on that ) is wrong . why do you think this of what i've written ? renton so right of the bat , i want to say that you're a young infj , mostly because i see a lot of myself in what you've written here . just in general , i don't doubt you're intuition ; you don't ... agniete i just wanted to drop in and let you know i haven't forgotten about this thread . i just had surgery , and while i'm lucid , i'm finding my brain isn't working at full capacity , and most of my ... yeah , which in of itself makes jung's work that much more spectacular for even existing , but then that much more scary if he was just projecting . typology probably needs to be a collaborative field ... yes , that's a good way of putting it . i'm glad i'm being helpful , but i will also say that anything i write is going to have an infj bias to it . whenever i try to describe functions beyond my ... thanks ! i'm glad this is good stuff . and once again , you manage to condense my thoughts quite well . as with my example from my esfp friend , the point of conflict there was that he saw mental ... misconception #398372 about ni : inxjs are intentional planners . sigh . this one comes from the j stereotype about being intentional and planned , and many inxjs are like that , i'm not saying that they ... agniete i'm picking up a pretty strong infj vibe from you . really , it was there in your answer to the first question : that is ni , no doubt about it--imagining possibilities from the perspective of ... sorry it's taken me so long to respond to this . every time i got around to this thread something came up . :P anyway , i'm here now . depends on the intp . ;) in contemporary mbti , this difference ... i figured as much . i would consider not relating to these at least equal with relating to the rest of the description , especially the second part . dominant feelers , in my experience , almost always ... eluid sade which parts of inferior ti do you not relate to ? oh , it's still a problem . haha , i've stopped putting too much stock into the last letter . here are my results : 485794 i am not nearly that j . in seventh grade i took a myers-briggs test as part of the career inventory thing that they make everyone do at some point . i scored infp then ( and , when i rediscovered mbti four years later , i ... if only there was an online test i could take for it ... wait , here we go : https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test it's fun to make fun of mbti sites . i actually don't know . ab or o - run in the family . well , as i said , i think you're my clone . i got the same image when you described it . sounds like a pretty ixfx thought process . i think infjs especially have a ways of idealizing their ... no worries . ;) what i find most interesting about what you've written here isn't so much the content , but the poetry with which you write it . you have a very idealized impression about these ... always glad to help , and i'm glad that you enjoyed this conversation ; i did as well . :) good luck on your exams . feel free to mention me in a post or message me if you have any more questions . i have not , but it doesn't sound like a pleasant time . i'd imagine chronic anxiety could bring out the inferior function . yeah . do be careful about developing your inferior , though ; ... yeah , i feel you . as you practice dealing with those thoughts , though , it does get easier . ah , yeah , the anxiety would make that difficult . what i keep wondering right now is if you might ... yeah . i'd believe it . you don't write like an f-dom . yeah . i guess at the very least , find ways to let go of things . maybe throughout your day , as things come up that cause you worry , ... my own philosophy professor once equated reading nietzsche with falling in love , whatever that's worth to you . i believe i saw that thread . i think it's pretty good description , but i think ... yeah . the very fact that intjs are generally the ones with world domination plans is rather funny in of itself , i think . it's the quiet ones that you always least expect , i guess . but yes , as a ... probably . any thinking , really . personally , i prefer the ax-b-c-dy function stack compared to grant's . it allows for the parts where grant gets it right while still being consistent with jung , i . e . , ... i misspoke there . coming at it to validate the bad parts of yourself is the bad approach . i definitely feel the need for validation myself , much for the same reasons you said , and my own inability to ... it sounds like you're coming at this with the right heart . too often people come to typology looking for validation . as far as ni differing based on the individual , definitely . i don't get those ... no problem . yeah , i think it is one of the failings of contemporary mbti that it relegates the i / e distinction to the back seat ; one's attitude is more incidental due to one's functional preference ... jung places primary emphasis upon the attitudes , so at its heart , that's what that statement was getting at . more specifically , i was referring to its relevance to the whole psyche . functions just ... ich . i hate it when that happens . yeah . and this is that pulp mbti i was talking about . people want mbti to explain why they like chocolate or something ridiculous like that . you're right ... frigus as an answer to the title of this thread , here's my question : can a butterfly look like a moth if viewed from far enough away ? i think the far enough away bit is probably the problem ... yeah . in general i know whether or not something is pleasing or displeasing to me . my emotions tend to be more represented to me through the weather . if i feel good , my mind seems sunny and bright to ... hello ! would anyone mind changing my username to anslem ? ( spelled like that . ) i'd appreciate it . i think fi probably looks quite pure to te-doms . te can be rather cutthroat and immoral if it lacks the proper fi , so i'd imagine that seeing someone who prefers fi making the very judgments that ... no offense taken . i have a rather lengthy writing style . let's see ... one paragraph . tests aren't definitive because they measure performance , and your inner mental states are impossible to ... ferroequinologist just for clarification : were you directing that post at me or at op ? this is probably obvious , but i was a little confused . seeing evidence for both can be an indication that neither axis is dominant in your personality , and the fact that you're certain of your sensation would reinforce this ( an esxp or isxj will probably ... jung told a story to illustrate intuition once . he saw two patients , a sensing man and an intuitive woman . he said something along the lines of and of course they were attracted to each other . as a ... yeah , i think ne can be a lot like se in this respect , just interacting with the world and whatnot . i would agree with this . i think this part of ni is only really special from the outside ... i agree that we tend to latch on to things . i just hesitate to call that ni specifically because that's a quality of introversion in general , i think . my guess would be se . sensation either way , but like i said in my previous post , i don't think the attitude of the aux really matters terribly much . part of the reason i realized i wasn't a lead 4 myself . i think just being feeling makes one more likely to be seen as 4 . definitely . i joke sometimes that n actually means neurotic . honestly , ... yeah , this also seems to reinforce the fi . this sort of behavior seems common among that type . haha , at least you don't wear your emotions on your face . i have no poker face whatsoever .   ... '