' see , this doesn't sound anything but sane and reasonable to me - to view life this way , not a disorder . btw , i didn't listen to the video or click it because i assumed it was not worthy of my time ... similar to how spotify and youtube make suggestions ? sounds to me like your concept is strong ; one of those things where , after the fact , one would ask themselves how come this hasn't been done already ? . do you have plans to jazz up the appearance ... i'm not sure about sally , she goes through a teenager phase but she seems to handle things okay . i mean she manages emotions , but i didn't get the sense that she was disproportionately self ... i thought ginsburg was the dark haired live-in boyfriend . the art directory guy was peggy's work colleague , but i think he always hoped to be more than that ? i don't remember if they had any romance ... hey , friend , haven't seen much of you lately . yes we are both still around perc ! until you mentioned me , i was not aware of being honored for my 3,000 post - rite of passage . i see cafebot has a ... i forgot about him . i was thinking of the guy with the beard who was the art director - he reminds me of my uncle who was only eight years older than me and went to art school . i recognize all the ... peggy and joan are sort of like the plot within the plot ( the politics ) - but that's my interpretation . i couldn't find the right clip but my favorite don scene is when he is in a 60 ' s beatnik poetry place , and he calmly tells off the enfp ( save the whales kind of guy ) , saying that he ( don ) blows up ... i like how roger seems to know how to steer people , especially don . i get more out of this show than you because i was born in 1961 . a lot of this is about how people behaved in that time , the whole ... he got someone interested as an investor . how many youtube subscribers do you have ? thing is , most people seem to get better at videos as they do more of them . the important thing is to put yourself ... what do you think about gamer gate ? you can say whatever here . . . . i have no reason to hold any opinion against you . do you think women in gaming is anything to consider , or should they simply ... i love don draper . i don't mean a crush , i mean i sort of identified with him , or wanted to . everybody's got a theory for the deeper meanings of the show . but i've heard people describe him as ... i wouldn't consider it shady that you could find patterns of what people like that might help you make new games . i'ts not like you would be selling to somebody wanting a mailing list or anything ... do you mind me asking what kind of tracking you are using or data collection methods ? i mean it has to be quite valuable to find out what people like to play . drunk parrot goes to therapy and makes a logical definition for behavior he will choose not to do . that doesn't mean we don't like to explore what goes on in ourselves and where something doesn't ... okay . i already discussed things about brain functions and emotion . if psychology decides that the conditions associated with psychopathy are not a disorder - does that mean the conditions were ... so you think gay-ness is not real . . . . . but you want me or drunk parrot to argue with you about what is real ? welcome to the hotel california ... cation ? you construct whatever you want to . . . like i'm so tired of that phrase ( socially constructed ) sure . . . . is a fork by any other name still a fork ? you are the one who wants to talk ... what exultation of evil ? maybe that is what you want to read into it ? evil ? you said psychopathy was not real . i show you that it is . why are you here ? you missed my point ? we can't as yet , be inside another person's experience ( any humans , or animals for that matter ) . we don't even know at what point it might be possible for a computer ... there is a difference between say , a doctor who compartmentalizes to do his or her job better by choosing not to focus on the other's emotions and tragedies , vs the person who seems unable to tune in ... it definitely works . makes you look the part . awesome image management or identity thing you did , just a few months ago ! ? wow , great choices for your background and hair . i'm still agonizing over this myself . your map idea is ... don't know if i can add anything more to help you on your questions at this point . as far as tests ( for personality ) at school , you might have to just play along . it seems to me , that you ... notice how we are all hanging around here now . . . . . . . . . . . . i'm leaving this page open , even though i'm watching youtube what made me think of this , ( the actual experiences were a while back ) - but al pachino has a speech in a movie where he is in a gamblers anonymous meeting , about how a gambler might like the ... these kinds of discussions make me wonder if my problem is emotional , sexual . or gender role related - or what . a million years ago a girly girl roommate nagged me about not talking about ... two times in twenty years - i failed . it was my failure . one situation the customer and i were not a good fit and it was good riddance - but i had to collect on what was owed . i learned about being ... i had an orgasm a couple times because of customers getting mad at me . ( emotional hot sauce ) . twice that i remember . i wonder if this is something like a gambling addiction ? i've never tried gambling ... i'm not sure if songs help anything , if they are about things you have not experienced ? my mother is a big c & w fan . it did occur to me that maybe i would be more sentimental or idealist about ... parrot i'm not sure he ( trump ) is either or any of that . i think dominant se and ne thinkers might come across that way ? so i'm wondering about that , about myself . like where is the line ? ... what do you think about people suggesting you ( or someone else ) have trust issues ? when this has been said , i wonder if i know what they mean . i think i'm pretty good at boundary setting . i think ... awesome , i wish you the best , keep us posted ! the crypto currency angle makes sense to . , i'm a little envious , you seem like you have a good start or a good direction anyway . i just realized youtube is not that old , as a company . or it is old - just that time flies . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YouTube do you know anything about how to make money doing this ? i'm just curious . it seems like there could be many levels of how popular you need to become , or how cool the graphics need to be - depending ... i have no idea what you are trying to say here . somebody just bested you , professor ? i don't think you have seen or read much about the topic , other than here ? of course that is perfectly fine . as someone who has been self employed and pro free market and spent a lot of my life ... i didn't think dr phil was interesting past maybe one of his first shows or something i ran into accidentally a long time ago . that and jerry springer , shockingly amusing for a bout 5 minutes - one ... i think the topic is interesting . i've heard of the hare checklist but didn't remember ever reading the actual list . a few years ago i read a book by timothy dutton . it is an interesting ... 10 or 12 out of the sixteen , four which do not apply . hmmm psycho-elephant . . . . . . . and giving us numbers before telling us you are making stuff up . parrot you are more charming than me - maybe , ... sometimes . do you have specific training ... yes , machiavelli . it is interesting to note that the guy writing the prince never had real power himself ( or not much for long ) but was more of a victim of war and politics . still , certain things are ... even the definition of conscience seems to be a complicated and somewhat disputed term . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conscience if you scroll to darwinian area - a requirement of conscience , ... i think you are assuming a certain combination of traits , maybe ones you were diagnosed with . but the definition of psychopath and what causes it is not exact ; our knowledge of the brain and nurture ... has a good explanation of what the problem is but no solution . my answer was as good as any , the same as aphinion gave only moving on to partial answer rather than description of the ... makes several references to game theory ? what i think is mistaken here is that just because you may not feel other people's feelings much , doesn't mean you aren't good at game theory . you ... '