' 1 . don't push her into anything . you're just going to annoy her and she is going to be even more stubborn about going out . when i was her age , i was the same way ( but i had interests . i just did ... 1 ) what did you study / are you currently studying ? right now i'm doing a lot of biology and chemistry in preparation for taking food science / nutrition classes junior and senior year . i am also taking ... this semester , chemistry and society general organic and biochemistry i algebra intro to cultural anthropology human growth and development . actually , i'm done with anthro , because that ... my sister , who is an e , always tells me how awkward i am in social situations . sometimes i don't realize i'm doing anything awkward . but , apparently , i'm an awkward person . i am socially awkward , but ... generally , i think it's interesting to watch , but i wouldn't want to be in it . i do fight with my mom and that just drains me . she and i are polar opposites . there are so many things she does that ... i agree with intpfemme and the guy with the orange animal avatar . 1 . we don't know if you're an intp just by the things you gave us . you'd have to give us more info on yourself . 2 . some of ... welcome to the forums ! that sounds cool . most people would think that is bizarre , but it does not sound weird to me . ( it seems you inherited their temperament . i do think that temperaments can be inherited ) my family ... i will talk about my childhood just in case anyone else went through the same thing . i have always loved learning , but when i was in elementary school and junior high , i hated going to school . i've ... i only use wikipedia when i am doing research for fun . when i am doing academic research , i try to steer clear of it just in case . wikipedia does have some decent material from it , though . hi , i tend to listen to all kinds of music ( except rap and country ) . i picked techno because when i exercise , techno music motives me . i also like a lot of foreign music . i have music in many ... i knew a guy guy who i suspect was strongly t . but , anyway , i think people only think that way about you is because you're not dating anyone . a lot of quiet guys get that . our society is fucked up ... definitely true . i remember we were talking about the fucked up mom . i remember when i was little and my mom would talk about how ladies would get their babies taken away for doing drugs . ( this ... i scored intj on that quiz you sent us a link to . : mellow : but i tend to go back and forth between the p and j , so yeah . when i've scored intp , it's nitp-the loyalist the first of our ... i keep myself in shape . i watch my calories and keep them at 2000 . i eat whatever i want , but in moderation . i take long walks . yeah , that's an intp trait . a lot of people on here can probably understand . there are times when i read a book that i'm not interested in and i don't finish it . i finish a book when i am ... somewhat . although i can handle yes or no answers . i score borderline j , though . i know how that is . i worked at wendy's last summer and all the girls younger than me didn't like me . in fact , i was hated there by a group of girls . there was of course decent people there that ... first of all , congrats on finding an intj lady ! you were wondering why you wanted a relationship since you haven't been in one for three years . even introverts want relationships sometimes , even ... i thought it was funny that you typed in i hate feelings into google . i go to the animal store just to meet new cats once a week . my mom won't let me have one . when i get out on my own , the first thing i will do is buy a cat . yeah , that's what i was thinking . i really like that description . i had both like what i explained before . i score in between p and j . when i was anorexic , i was exactly like what you described . in the past 4 years , i've ... i have a lot of the traits of an overt schizoid . interesting . i don't think there is anything wrong with me though . no , we exist . but i'm trying to figure out if you're joking or for real . when i was younger , i would never smile in pictures . i'd say i smile in a lot of my pictures , but not all of them . my smiles are fake . i force myself to smile . other times i don't smile , but that's ... i often feel like the odd woman out . i'm an intp , who is bordering intj . i go with intp because i think that i am slightly more intp than intj , although i do have intj tendencies . 1 . i look ... i'm taking a general organic and biochemistry class right now . fridays are our lab days too . i am pleasantly surprised as to how i like the labs . i normally just like learning the material through ... when i was in first grade , i had an obsession with dinosaurs and would read every book i had on them . when i was in sixth grade , i was trying to teach myself spanish , french , and german . i learned a ... i don't like to drink . i guess i'm the only one , but i don't really care . i tried drinking and i didn't think it was fun . so not all nts like to drink . i'd wish for for millions of dollars . at least i'm honest . then i would be able to travel the world and not have to worry about paying for the rest of my education . i haven't been to the doctors in a year and a half almost . i don't get sick very often , so i don't have a reason to go . when i do get a minor sickness , i just stay home and deal with it on my own . i ... back in 2007 , i used to write really emo blogs about how i didn't belong in the world and how i hated myself and who i was . however , i didn't shed a tear . blogs have always been helpful . this is from blogthings . um , i'm not very outgoing . as you see , i score an i . i do enjoy being unique and creative . i do often mask my feelings with my wit . overall , it's okay ... i am not artistic ... i took art history spring semester last year . i liked learning about the history of how art came to be . i remember seeing somewhere that cs lewis was an intj . he wrote the chronicles of narnia . i don't know if that is true , but that's what i saw . all the nts are supposed to be creative because of ... i don't drink , so i can't really say how i am like drunk . it's a personal choice of mine . i don't ' dumb ' myself down . if a man / guy / boy doesn't want a smart woman , then he's extremely insecure and unworthy of my time . besides , i have my guard up around everyone ( not just guys ) because ... actually , my mom has paranoid schizophrenia and she's an infp . social interaction is okay every once in a while , but it drains me and makes me feel awkward . i feel at ease when i am with people i've known for years , but i have my guard up when i am around new ... i don't want to admit this , but at least this is online and i am not the only one . yes , i have imagined that there were people with me and i was talking to them . i do it a few times a week , if not ... i think if the right people get together , intj and esfj might work out . however , if you get two other people with the same types , they might get on each other's nerves . you two seem like a good ... emotionally detached hermits ... haha . my sister told me a couple weeks ago that i should live in my own little room and never come out since other people tend to annoy me . actually , everyone has emotions and the ability to be rational . i just think some people can keep their minds clearer than others . other people react differently and think that emotions should be ... i was never diagnosed with it , but when i was a kid , people thought i had it . my aunt told me she thought i had asperger's syndrome when i was 12 and my mom got mad at her . i read through the ... no , it isn't . i had anorexia and i'm an nt . i also had bulimia for two and a half years until august 2008 . having an ed really warps someone's thinking , that's for sure . in the past year that i've ... i liked the guy on the video . he was intense . nope , i'm not down with that shit . i'm agnostic and i can't put it on my facebook / myspace because i just don't want my family to know . sometimes i ... sitting around thinking in the shower is fun , isn't it ? i do it all the time . interesting ideas , though i am not sure if i believe in a higher being or not . i agree with what others said . you can't use logic in all your arguments . i know people who are t's and they would be pissed if their daughter ( or even son ) was raped . we have an intro to logic ... i do for the most part . many of those careers sound like a lot of fun ... too bad my family would just laugh at me if i told them i wanted to be an egyptologist . when i was in 6th grade , i wanted to ... '