' 6w5 1w2 2w1 in truth , it's because i'm a coward with commitment issues . :/ and i like to have a certain degree of control ... but mostly i'm a coward . syphilis . because secretly , chicken soup is so zen that it's the key to achieving nirvana ... hello . here is a picture of giovanni boxing a giant cat . http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQg07eTZjeUy0UsLRQvQG8gspgngkIzhj_SvVFw8Mt-dF4xyzo_mxHqIM_3 i like facebook , and it's not for the socialization ( ... i consider it socialization ) that it offers ... i just have fun with those posts you're supposed to share ... are those considered chain mail ... unless it's a one-time thing , then it goes the same way whether it's with someone i might consider a friend or someone i'm considering pursuing ... wandering . conversation . the content of both ... i may have responded to this thread before with a brief outline of my morbid , often dry and unusual sense of humor ... whether that's the case or not , i also feel like i need to say that burritos have ... it doesn't happen on a completely voluntary basis for me , but i do consciously keep less-trusted acquaintances away from my family ( it's in my best interest because there are things that my family ... i've never met an esfj that i didn't like ( actually , possibly one , but there's some other contributing factors in that case--so i'm referring to fully functioning individuals ) ... other exfx , sure , but ... my father inspired me to write a poem about him ... i haven't really figured out exactly how it's going to go , but i'm thinking that between each stanza , there's going to be a line that reads , ... pedro looks sort of filipino ... not really , but ... sort of . well ... maybe . i like the centipede better . it reeks of chernobyl-freak-vibe . hey ! ... i always liked the chocolate chip teddy grahams better than any other kind . even normal chocolate . i used to be , but i was the only one who could ever tell ... so i started being openly aggressive ... it's not that bad--much of the time , i'll hold my tongue and just compress the feelings until ... i've been known to make curried fish ... i think that's about as bad as it gets . it's not really an issue what's in it too much ... lately i've just been eating because i have to--just enough that i ... for years i was convinced i was dead inside . then i thought it was alienation . then mental illness . then i thought i was a sociopath--scratched that real quick-like , of course ... then i had some ... intp scares the living hell out of me . the road out would be difficult , if not impossible to navigate . i'd feel like an asshole for leaving , even though ... that's what i do , eventually ... even if ... i don't care for random friend requests , but i've got no reason not to accept the request that really makes sense ( considering i'll hold a conversation with anyone irl so long as they can keep my ... unabomber ... how ... fitting . xd i don't really do anything . i literally just fade out of the person's life and they don't know what's going on and just move on . it's not the best method , but it's the most comfortable . ... do you and i share a common acquaintance ? ( i am the drug-dealing , crack-addicted , college-dropout prostitute in our family , apparently ... * eyeroll * ) i'd recommend saving the results in a ... xd it's not my house , but my grandma has a very classy sense of decoration . i don't know what compelled me to click on this in my suggestions ... but i'm glad i did because it's crunchy as hell . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo6ZaCTqxwM&feature=related this is how i look some 94 % of the time : 43090 and this is how i accidentally went to wal-mart tonight in my quest for hair dye ( which i haven't used yet ): 43091 the headscarf is atrocious ... rent ( the musical ... ) was apparently looping on my television last night ... i turned it on because i thought the issue was that i was trying to watch it in the wrong state of mind ... it still sucked , ... i hate being wrong , but i'm learning to open up and ask where the other party got their information from and present figures or other evidence to help open me up for learning ( alternately read : ... i recently befriended an intj ... we're going to feed our heads at the flea market and the nature preserve . we seem to get along well , though it's hard to tell which of us is more eccentric ... even if i ... i hate hugs ... really , the only person who gets hugs from me on an irregular basis is my dad . i've been in relationships in the past and it's hard hugging those people . i have a lot of trouble with ... i can handle alcohol pretty well ... unless i get trapped , and then i fly into a panic ( though that's not too different from my sober reaction--it's just a more overt panic ) . at about twice the ... i would answer a 7 . it's honest enough to be appealing , but low enough that it's not an obvious lie . imagine how i must be irl ... * headdesk * * creepy grin * it's free internet cookie day . * slowly extends arm with a lovely internet cookie balanced on the palm of the hand * ... please . take this cookie . let the flavors dance on your ... excellent point ... ... well ... do i get along with any of you ? i'd like to think so . at the same time , chronological age is usually not an issue on here . you could chronologically be 12 but ... in addition , joining a forum is a decent place to start ... honestly ? sometimes it's awesome ... but then it sucks , because the only people i can relate to and get along with are people in their seventies , it seems . i know i'd make a terrible sock puppet if i had to offer opinion . if it's just utility-type stuff , sure , but if i have to actively communicate and don't have time to finely-tailor a cordial ... i feel much , much older ... this might be influenced in part by a certain testing procedure i underwent ( they told me at 13 i was mentally equivalent to someone in their mid - 30 ' s ... ) , but i often feel ... that's kind of an interesting little story at the bottom of that article ... we were hoping a little black hole would open up and we'd be able to rapidly shove nicolas cage into it before it ... it's a bit of a stretch , i suppose , but 3/4 of the time i eat , if not more , i picture the molecules in the food breaking down and connecting to other molecules inside of my body--like the dna in ... like a guinea pig . edit : throw them into the hadron collider . i'll email you the day before i infiltrate cern ... what do i think ? i like your signature a lot . u200b would you like option a or option b ? ... is it possible i could have option c , sub-option 4 ? i've been accused of arguing in many of the above situations , as well as during simple ... a great man once said to me : there's a difference between shaking a baby ... and shaking a baby . 1 . ) incessant telephone-ringing . 2 . ) stupidity ( especially of the variety that results from a ... i don't care for romantic love . i think this is both because i've had a less-than-favorable experience with someone who apparently felt it towards me and because i don't know that i've ever felt love ... this wouldn't end well . my stats would be equivalent to those of a moss-covered stump in the forest . i've done some thinking and i've come to the decision that i will give up everything--i mean everything--if it means i can become ... well , this in general : ... 1 . ) nirvana 2 . ) the doors 3 . ) mindless self indulgence 4 . ) pink floyd 5 . ) trans-siberian orchestra 6 . ) rammstein 7 . ) blues traveler 8 . ) miyavi 9 . ) jimi hendrix 10 . ) the united states of ... pokemon yellow . i'm highly amused that ferrari made a car called a superamerica . http://www.techbuildersinc.com/images/retailMedical/superAmericaStPaul.jpg i'm an asshole . you , a stranger , probably like me more than i like me . i'm not going to do anything to change this . i'm sorry . if i can endure an entire car ride with someone without being an asshole , that's pretty much it . most people don't see it this way . there's a lot i need to work on . '