' i recently watched all of unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix in one night ( something i never do ... if you haven't watched it yet , it's a netflix show , 13 episodes long and 25 minutes each . written ... i thought it'd be cool to determine symbols for each of the personality types ! if anyone has any ideas , i'd love to hear them ( especially any for esfp ) :) thanks ! have seen both answers , just curious . thanks ! yes , it was the right choice , and another right choice would be for you to stop responding . especially continuing conversations about my utter narcissism to others i'm willing to just end it and ... yes , thank you . no point in continuing this conversation . goodbye . i understand what you're saying , but it were to heavily lean more to either side of them , i just wouldn't show them , plain and simple . i don't mind that you think this is dumb and i don't care that ... i know that it seems trivial , and it is , but they've been best friends for a while and have recently been fighting / getting jealous with each other over this ... it's dumb and i thought it was a good ... sorry i pissed y'all off so much . calm down and if it isn't worth answering someone's question , don't respond at all . i like having se as my dominant function . i've never thought that people should spend their lives waiting for something to happen or thinking in the future , they should just enjoy the moment that ... i am absolutely obsessed with this musical , but heathers is more commonly known as being the 80 ' s cult classic film . super curious to see what mbti types you all think veronica , jd , heather chandler , ... why do you saw that ? not that i disagree , but why ? this is one of those characters that i just keep reading mixed posts about whether she is an enfp or an esfp . your thoughts ? enfp or esfp ? or something else ? thanks ! :) i don't believe in the zodiac stuff at all , considering it makes no sense that the time in which you were born could make you anything like the other people around that time . so , i'm curious as to ... thanks for the help ! you're the only person who has helped me out with this . shelby is definitely an exfx . i actually played her when i was in it , and i'd say she's very much like me . very ... i've been trying to figure out just which character is what , after being in the play . if you have seen steel magnolias , try to guess their types for me ! if you haven't , here are brief descriptions of ... these are the two that i have most seen anna typed as , and i'm curious ! i have also been typed as both and i see myself in her a lot . opinions ? alright alright ! thanks :) oh yeah , no , i totally got what you were saying ! no offense taken anywhere :) i guess it was just a statement as to not knowing which aura i gave off . but thanks for the help ! thanks ! the descriptions of what you said definitely helped :) as for the charm part of it , i guess i don't know which charm i have . i'm pretty quirky , and i think a lot of my currency is my ... i identify as an esfp but recently i've been considering estp , both of which i find accurate to an extent . can you help me to determine whether i'm an estp or an esfp ? i'm very extroverted , cannot ... just curious ! i'm not really sure , in my opinion . i need to think about it more . what about y'all ? someone criticize my type , i am interested . this also helped a lot ! y'all are a helpful bunch of people , wow . also , thanks so much , i appreciate that :) thanks ! this helped a lot :) i can definitely see where you're coming from . thanks for the help ! what do you think you're between ? it really isn't hard for an estp to criticize anyone . overall , i'd like to think that i'm very bold , honest , and incredibly straightforward . i like not thinking , just doing , and when i have a problem that creates some drama in my life , i almost like it , ... i've taken many different tests and i always get either one of these two , both of which i find accurate to an extent . can you help me to determine whether i'm an enfp or an esfp ? i'm very ... i was just in this play ( very similar to the movie ) at school , and i was curious as to which type each character would be ! what do y'all think ? the characters are m'lynn , truvy , clairee , shelby , ... '