' the best relationship to be in is one where both of you want to see each other be the best you that you can possibly be . i assume infjs don't have high standards for looks , wealth , etc but rather ... orelli in my opinion , such a relationship or feelings for one another is more complex than the hormones and neurotransmitters you provided above . for example , in addition to having the correct ... i hate going back to square one . i like to read , do yoga and talk with other people about their problems too . so bored ... it's killing me . ^ this ! also , why do so many people find uninteresting things so fascinating ? ! my goodness , there is more to life than alcohol , degrading sex comments , and lame movies ! ugh ! i just feel like ... i've failed a class before and i am in grad school now . you never know where life will take you . it's not worth taking risky measures that will deprive you of your future . first , focus on your ... giving a card wouldn't hurt and probably would be a good idea because it shows that you care enough to remember . if he doesn't like birthdays , then just tell him happy birthday and ask him if you ... i currently like an intj male and have liked him for a year . it's a long distance relationship too . with that in mind , here is my input : 1 ) to be honest , i am not really sure what all of the ... 1 ) quarters with different state images / symbols on the back . 2 ) buttons 100 % sure . 1 ) i'm very intuitive and have to reconstruct ideas in my head while learning something new . ( ni ) 2 ) i absorb people's feelings easily and have a natural talent in connecting with ... even if i said yes , the answer would still be no since yoda is not a person ( or at least of the homo sapiens species ) . 1 . define old . 2 . this would imply you getting banned in the future from the internet as well . intj male . not sure how long it'll last . : unsure : a lie . as long as it takes for me to recharge . it would be most unfortunate if those fighters were infected by a deadly disease that is blood transmissible right before they started to attack . : ninja : beware the hidden devilish mind of an ... infjs and intjs however , they can probably figure each other out while everyone else remains confused . we would have to preserve world peace as well . but in the meantime , i'm gonna go out and have fun :p roud : existential assassin my ex was an intp and i went through this type of situation before . you have to pinpoint exactly why he feels that way . if you're quiet , explain to him that it's just a ... i'm not sure if i get annoyed by my type as much as i get bored . it's like the middle ground between spending time with myself and spending time with someone else . i either want one or the other , ... ^ lol i love this line . the way you phrased it is quite witty and amusing . that's interesting . i can relate to not being able to open up easily too . to this day , i struggle to understand how other ... what are some false assumptions you have heard or read about intj relationships ? your question is quite vague . what is it that you want to understand about women ? from my experiences , here is the hypothesis i have come up with against the claim women cannot be understood : ... welcome :) . have fun going around reading threads . it is certainly good fun . :p roud : have you taken a quiz to see which type you might be ? : shocked : mntgrl i truly admire all that you are doing for him , for the relationship and for your kids . your care for them is inspirational and wonderful . my ex was an intp and he was quiet about his opinion like your husband ( which was really frustrating to me ) . however , we never really had the problem of understanding each other because we were ... i understand that some women do this , but i disagree that most women do it . also , it still does not change the fact that their body changed and plenty of women regret doing so . i know i would ... postmarital . the guy who wants me the most will marry me , and he'll be the one who deserves it the most . it's not just sex . a guy will have changed a part of my body after the first time . that's ... or , you will actually see the structure of the relationship , like in x-ray crystallography . i am exactly the same way . what do you want from a romantic relationship ? lol i love the hissing part . that would be fun . however , knowing my introverted cynical side , i would probably shy away from it :D healing powers . health is such an important part of life . i mean it when i say it . i don't bother to deal with any guy who isn't . i really enjoyed my english classes in college . you do have a lot of work to do , but if you find a way to be interested in an essay topic or assignment , then you will absolutely enjoy your classes ... both , but it was more about an intj guy i am currently obsessing about . polarlight welcome . i initially came here for the same reason too . have fun =) king of the hill ? wow . that mistake you made there is pretty bad . how could you do something that bad ? if someone said that to me ... it would just break my heart and put me in the worst possible anxious state ... lol maybe she was scared you would kidnap her or something ? i agree with you that neutral places are better . she probably just wanted to be safe . my infj-infj friendship experience is based on my experience on perc only . so far , it seems like it's great start with long conversations that eventually die out over a short period of time and we ... depends on what the advice is . i completely agree and i had the same experience too . the sad thing is foreigners think high school is the equivalent to glee ... which it is not ... wow that's nice of you . the education system can be so flawed ... it's depressing . that would make sense ... lol . i've never heard of that saying before . thanks serenade ! ^ . ^ you work at a graveyard ... ? ! o . o '