' as hard as it is , just keep up with what you are doing . it's awkward for you , but in reality it's perfectly normal for them . to get past square one in the morning for clients located on site ( i . e ... i use this on the train for power naps . for those that prefer something else , a client of mine showed me this as she had similar problems where she can't think unless it's quiet ... the background ... same . i've achieved a state where no one can read me or tell if i'm serious . before i gave blunt / sarcastic answers to things . i've been told to shape up . so i did , sarcastically . overtime , this ... i fap , lol . http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon11.png on the somewhat sensible side , i do a lot of reading ( not books ) before going to bed , i . e . wiki articles , or just research or other ... this reason is precisely why i hate being given motivational talks . i . e . an important person comes in and tells us we can all be great and be successful like him , etc etc etc and tells us to work ... i just want to reiterate my initial post in this thread . yeh i don't get nostalgic with love , however , i just miss the feelings attached to myself at the time when i fell for someone [ it ... aw dang i was going to say the same but at work ! facebook i guess would also work . adding also , on top of the above see you in hell , for that will be my path :: i believe i've done good enough ... this is one reason i hate history , or when someone tells me how important x person was 30-60 years ago . lost love , i can agree with though ! ... brb cutting myself ... yeh i'm also not being arrogant about it ( i will never say well if i leave you'll be screwed type of threat ) . at the same time , yeh , like you i also accomplish a lot of tasks and am also the go-to ... yeh it's like walking into a thread full of me ! spooky . i happen to be irritated right now because i'm doing a varied amount of tasks covering many different areas that no one else seems to know how ... yep . my template on the phone is as follows , but the trigger comes from them : if i pick up phone : me > ( company ) the stig speaking them > hi this is john , how are you ? < template triggered > me ... i don't listen to mainstream * music and infact i have a huge collection of video game and movie sounds ( which sometimes overlaps into mainstream territory as it uses some of their songs ) to use for ... hi how are you ? [ shit ... ] cold outside isn't it ? [ no ... ] what you doing this weekend ? [ nothing ... ] how was your weekend ? [ shit ... ] any other line that points out the obvious also ... yeh , agreed there . maybe that's why the thought of commiting to a girl / marriage scares me lol i try to not think too much when making a decision . only then once i've made it do i think more about it for ways to improve ( because maybe it wasn't as good as the other decision ) . agree it's too fast , to the benefit of some but downfall of others . the docile comment , i relate to . i love the fact my 2 ipads my parents use keep them occupied , and gives them access to the ... i love being one , it's a portion of my jokes / attacks and i can make it sarcastic enough to sound comedic . really like your post but i have to comment on : i see exactly what you mean there and i can comprehend , but i always think that about 50 % of the time when i miss , it's not because it dodged ... i too agree saying hi is not enough to get our attention . likewise , broadcasting something also wouldn't get my attention . needs a slightly above normal type of question to get me to reply . for ... aye , but nah i'll give this a pass and play it sensible . on the same line , someone was trying to figure out why i'm single at work . he summed it as : you need to get out more . [ 1st strike ; i ... in my post earlier this week ( on page 2 ) i said i messaged a girl i had spoke to briefly , asking her for some food / coffee chat after work ... which is fairly tame i thought . she never replied ... is ... i do that too , but in the case of women , they usually don't like me if i ask lol , and then things go downhill . if i conceal my true interest , then i'm just potentially a tool they'll find useful ... http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon13.png http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon9.png i'm in london . want coffee ? : 3 easier to make friends if you've got something to relate to them with , no matter what , then work off from there . a couple of guys whom i knew from a long time ago at childhood i met at someone's ... one of my best skills at work is mimicking other annoying people at work just to playfully annoy people that find those annoying people annoying . http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon12.png any of you peeps seen when harry met sally ? they discuss this why men and women can't be friends , and such . quite a funny / bittersweet film , if old . meg ryan looks fantastic though back then , if ... in hindsight yes it does come across like that . think i was a bit ranty when writing it . http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon9.png my bad . will take it back to the drawing board . after analysing all the print , i guess this hit home . i suppose the rant i started with was a bit out of minor frustration over an extended period of time and how easy i am to get proselytize in ... sure can . the best scenario would be a conversation between 3 people on tuesday that i had . i won't reimagine the conversation , but can give you a lowdown on the points we've slided across . on the ... http://www.legaljuice.com/mad%20angry%20woman%20lady%20upset%20irate%20pissed%20enraged.jpg i did laugh at the simplicty of your reply , but that doesn't allow me to express precisely why i ... just a quick wonder for those around . for long time now i've notice it's been almost impossible to get anyone interested in my own interests . here's 3 reasons , but more can probably be added : ... 1 . down to earth / honest / real ... not hi how are you and then actually loop back and repeat the same question repackaged such as followed by so how's your day ? implies to me you really are hollow ... hey i just like justifying / explaining things haha . i didn't realise i wrote that much ! i'm bothered by dishonest people . i piece information supplied to me quickly together and pick up cues just as quick , giving me a very accurate picture of things . due to this , i can quickly detect if ... uh , 8 2 from school and college days 1 from the internet back in 2000 ( during this time , meeting someone on the internet = omg omg omg omg what ... nowadays mweh . like mentioned in the other ... i see the point . i feel all my ideas or things i want to do in life could be achieved if i can just find my other half to support / accompany me . for example , people consistently tell me to go on ... haha sort of , it's a reference that might apply to a few here - i'm not in the right environment , or country , to find an equal here that i can really blend with . combined with being single and ... entp : i stand alone in a none work situation , no , if they ignore me they probably won't have the intellectual capacity to keep up with me anyway . because everything i say can lead on to something ( i don't just say ... i enjoyed reading this thread ! thanks for bumping it . i used to be like that too . however , since the avengers movie came out last year , i've taken a new stance to my anger and rarely if ever get ... while i agree with your assessment , being chinese myself and getting news fed to me all the time from china , it's also one of the places primarily where all the fucked up things happen in the world ... it's a good habit . people sometimes worry / moan a little too much about irrelevant shit that you can't control anyway . but in this scenario , if something has way too many variables , then my approach ... bigger output , more satisfying output . it's typically a solo male activity but can be performed with one or more people assisting to create baby batter . http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon11.png aye race doesn't cause issues but from my view here in the uk based on people i know , there seems to be some sort of requirement to stick with their own . even i have some sort of personal issue ... in the book ( five point someone , which the book is based off of ) i would say he's more entp , but in the movie it's too much of a mish-mash . this is not helped with the environment in general ( in my ... yes , think of it as a fall back or alternative . my preference is that if i find a girlfriend and after a while she starts to think about leaving me for someone else ( for example , someone perhaps more ... oh , i've also come to realise facebook is one huge circle-jerking of a group of people . i'm not particularly popular ( lets say ) amongst my 200 ~ friends , but i hate it when someone posts ... i don't mind leading but the personal bullshit that comes with it sucks . a world of warcraft example . i join a 8/ 10 group for a raid . leader has to go for some bullshit reason . i lead and ... '