' what do you think of enfps ? do you know one ? i know a couple of them and they're quite nice , sometimes a bit too bubbly . do you like the movie the butterfly effect ? is this a kind of ni / ne ? ... i tired lol and other mobas ( like dota ) , and i'd say that the moba genre i a lot of fun when played with friends with a minimum of team strategy . those games can also be fun alone if find the right ... we were planning to play dota , but i'm tired : friend : i think we'll skip dota today me : yes friend : one of my friend's dad died me : i have nothing to do with it small dark brow eyes here . i think that the type is far away to be related to physical appearence . i think it's not something type related , but not even something that applies to every human being . in my experience i've noticed that some people are just unable to connect with music on a deep ... drinking some damn hot tea with my mother . mother : didn't i teach you how to drink tea from a cup ? why are you drinking from the handle instead of the side ? me : actually i'm drinking from all ... my psyche is already screwed enough and i know there's no way back . if i've become like i'm now there surely is a reason ( that i forgot , or better , it has become part of my subconscious a long time ... this won't help you but it's nice to hear that i'm not the only one who has mutated growing up from a social magnetic pole to a lonely heremit . hope you figure out something :p roud : i'm fine with death , mine or of people close to me , i kinda consider it as the goal of life , the grand finale . it may sound a bit depressive but actually it's the opposite as you make one of the ... half life and the witcher :) kinda ... ehm ... sweet ... : rolleyes : http://blog.deutschlandfunk.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/femen.jpg i dreamt about having a snowball fight . then i hit bob kelso in the nuts with a snowball . then i woke up and asked myself what the hell is wrong with me , i haven't seen scrubs in years xd you know you're an intj when you look yourself into a mirror and you're surprised that you have body . i've just released a free game for android , i've done both code and graphical assets . i really enjoyed making it in the last 2-3 months , here's a screen and the store page link if you want to give ... you know you're an intj when you make jokes involving robin williams death the day after he commited suicide and everyone thinks you're an heartless piece of horse dung . when your friends say that you always look like a serial killer . me an my sister arguing about computer and connection stuff , she wanted to be right but i knew for sure she wasn't . i explained to her my reasons but she didn't want to hear anything ... sister : ... while eating at home with my isfp mother , listening to tv news , i was a bit annoyed today : tv : ... xxx , the mafia boss , was condemnd because body remains of one of his victims dissolved in acid ... i didn't liked it at all ... though i enjoyed the #stevejobstep tag :p roud : me and my tired istj sister at 2:30 am , i'm washing dishes . i start playing with a lid , it produced an awesome sound when hit gently with a spoon . istj : what are you doing ? me : i'm having fun ... http://youtu.be/XZP5RsaRg6k the picture talks by itself : laughing : by the way his name is lou : happy : 121810 in my experience , it does :p roud : this sums up my vision perfectly . ... intj or non intj . i've just realized how type variety is important for our persistence in reality ( i really hated some e types before but they have their meaningfull role in this world too ... a friend of mine , a manga lover , actually told me 4 years ago that when whe saw me he used to associate me with light :p roud : and thanks for remembering me that i still have to watch or read death ... at home with my family , just before a dinner in a restourant with my sister's boyfriend : sister : there aren't any parking lot near the restourant , the only one is time limited , half an hour i think ... i think it happened to everyone to be defined with relatively pleasent / unpleasent names or adjectives , mainly due to their behaviour , appearance , etc ... i've been called priest because i have ... inconsistency , i hate it , such a rage trigger ... intj 1 . ) going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want or a compliment from a stranger . 2 . ) the smell of freshly-baked bread or a full fridge after grocery shopping . 3 . ) finding ... same here , usually happens when i watch emotionally epic videos or video-games moments , the ones where you can feel an atmosphere full of genuine feelings or strong values / personalities .  ... me talking with an enfj friend about him ... he wants to become a manager in the future but he actually doesn't do anything practical to get some experience him : i will be a manager some day ... when i laugh really hard , along with stomach cramps , jaw locking and floor rolling : laughing : i don't know if this is considered crying but this is the only occasion when my eye fluids gather ... a conversation with my history professor about a bad grade i got in a stupid history multiple choice test , i usually take high grades but i really hate history , expecially remembering minor dates and ... 6 - i manage my own life , while making myself believe that it's just happening by not being totally aware of what happens to me ( it's funnier to live this way , also kinda stupid , but this lets me get ... that's a really interesting question , i hope some elder experienced intj will answer :p roud : sorry , apparently i used an archaic term , i've done some research and i find out that the proper translation would be simile : blushed : here's the difference , even if i think it's all clarified now . i'm also not afraid of death and i'm always aware that someone close to me may die at any moment . this could be depressing for some people but it actually helps a lot to not be scared by the ... i prefer similitudes but also metaphors are really interesting if they're not simple ( like golden hair or similars ) . geralt of rivia from the witcher series ? i'm not 100 % sure but he seems intj to me . anyone can confirm ? i'm italian , and this is so true ... with permission it's ok , without permission it's not . when they do it even if you told them to not do it its intj rage time : angry : awesome , i mean , you managed to empty your head through a keyboard ... are you referring to people's way of thinking and their general behavior or to their physical attributes ? i feel like one ... sometimes i force myself to be a bit more tolerant with people but i won't consider it as a second persona nanobii - rainbow road i love it : crazy : ( sorry i can't post links o videos :/ ) : rolleyes : what do you think are the differences between male and female intjs ? fine thanks but i'm still not able to shake your hand :p roud : ( and please , stop hanging out with that unicorn ) why ? '