' this . pretty perfect . also , this post on her website gives a lot of insight too . i wouldn't say hate but rather frustration / anger . from my experience the lack of emotion is the universal trait . i can count the times i have genuinely felt happy or sad in my life on one hand , and ... i'm a sociopath . i was diagnosed as a teenager and have been dealing with it since ... they say you're never really cured so it's mostly about self control . anyway , if you want to talk or ask ... like any other parade with predominantly straight people / couples and their children . so ... 99 % of parades welcome :) my favorite ex was another intj . it was just kinda perfect : we had different pet subjects that we loved teaching the other about , and similar interests with different ways of exploring those ... i understand : i'm just saying that if one is truly concerned about the effects of soybean cultivation on the environment ( which is totally valid , obviously ) then the logical deduction is to not eat ... i'm vegan for ethical reasons . it is clearly the logical choice : better for the environment , people , and non-human animals . also , major eye roll at the implication that intjs are incapable of caring ... i was the classic genius underachiever in high school . by my senior year i was skipping more classes than i attended , and my self esteem was terrible . i was much more engaged in undergrad , ... thrills , i seek , but not empty ones . i'm the type of girl who can be just as happy dancing on a table as i can be hiding under one and reading a really good book :) music , movies , adventure , ... i would guess esfj . fe and si jump out . can i have my name changed to whitetulips . thanks ! sounds like you're doing something wrong . these programs obviously aren't reading your music files . regardless ... musicbee . my mom is an infj . she would drive people who internalized s / n stereotypes crazy . she is a farmer , raised by farmers . stayed in our town of 5000 because she felt a duty to her parents . never ... i would do nothing . i will probably give a more satisfying answer later but basically i think that utilitarianism as a philosophy is morally bankrupt , especially when used to justify macro scale ... stephen colberts coverage of this made my week : embed not working for some reason misread maybe you should just cut to the chase and get a copy of his death certificate . it could be too vague for the full story , but should put you on the right path at least . npr and daily kos . i find that they have pretty balanced coverage , but are still partisan enough that there isn't a lot of comment wank . absolute . people who say morality is realative usually have very inconsistent moral frameworks . i wanna be 18-21 again . i feel old :( for some reason it never occurred to me that there were high schoolers here ... some threads now make much more sense lol bump ? the more i study my functions the more confused i become about my actual type . i need help ! here are my main issues : i have severe and debilitating social anxiety . if you met me in real life , you ... i am very dedicated to my pet social causes and in my line of work i took a route where i would make a lot less money in order to help the disenfranchised . am a professional social justice warrior ... i wonder that as well . i want online friends , but just ... can't . people are intimidating ! i hate people :/ pasta and rice dishes ! just add veggies , fresh or frozen : super cheap and filling . add quinoa or tvp when you can afford it for extra protein . welcome ! if you like psych then this is a good place for you :) sounds like a teenager lol . estj seems right to me . n64 when i was 8 or so . we mostly had racing , fighting and arcade type games that the whole family played together , and i remember it really fondly . you will deal with people like this all your life , unfortunately . sounds like there is not much else you can do right now : finish your work and lean on your mom if you need help . sorry you are in ... welcome ! hope you enjoy yourself ; it's a good forum . my enfp and i are still together , but there have been low points . i think our t / f can rub each other the wrong way : when i am stressed i get cold and withdraw , which makes him anxious , and when he is ... i think it is smart to pull away a bit . assuming that you already live together and have integrated your lives he probably doesn't see a practical reason to change the current situation . make it ... because they assume smart / serious people are all intj , and there are many smart / serious people . i admit that i am prone to getting frustrated with others , and it can be attributed to two connected but distinct triggers . first , when someone is trying to argue an objective , measurable observation ... googled that for you ... the answer can be traced to one of the greatest biologists of all times : carl linnaeus . he is better known for being the father of modern taxonomy : linnaeus is the reason ... i am so much happier now that i don't put myself in these situations lol . at a certain point you just have to accept your weaknesses which may include participating in large social outings . not the ... yes and no ... can't get a job without one , but having one doesn't get you a job she is probably really busy settling into marriage , a new city and a new job . and even if she is ignoring you it could be nothing personal . if she is depressed or has a problem she is embarrassed ... this . my bf calls this my genius syndrome and gives me endless shit for it . i am a pretty good at memorizing . i just repeat things a few times or write it down . the process of writing it cements ... welcome ! blue , my favorite color :) dexter or himym acts of service by a large margin . am i the only one ? ! i would definitly buy , lol take a test on cognative functions , and see if that gives any insight . i always felt like a soft intj : i tested the same every time and for the most part descriptions rang true , but there just ... i would reeeally try to find a friend to get the letter , by far the easiest option . now i know nothing about british post , but a quick google tells me that you have p . o . boxes . assuming they work ... there is a meme going around attributed to einstein that says everybody is a genius . but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . ” ... i concider it . i think it just helps clarify patterns : you act this way , like x type , so i can assume that in future situations you will continue responding like x type . in that way , i can make ... not taking notes in wills and trusts . i am an intj and have never done drugs or smoked , and didn't drink until i was 21 . the other intjs i know in real life are the same way . dunno if there is any connection neccessarily , but the ... '