' i know enfp is suppose to love people but lately it just came to my mind that i don't like most people ... do you guys feel the same way ? i love people genuinely but most of my experiences have left ... i think infp fits better than intp . especially the part about being aware and in-touch with their emotions . basically i treat everyone with respect , unless you prove yourself to be an ass . you can earn more respect for what you do , but that doesn't mean someone is not entitled to be respected as a human ... i think it all comes down to who is complimenting me , about what , and why . but mostly , yeah i think i do like compliments . :p roud : well , i guess i will be sad to find out that i've been their temporary friend but if i enjoyed their company i wouldn't mind so much . if my friends leave me for a true friend , then i'd just let ... 21 ? ? ? :D my rather childish behavior does not sit well with some older people , as i've gotten weird looks from them . but they are like way older , in their 50 ' s and 60 ' s . i just feel like i have to kind of ... no way ! you look like you are 23 or something ! i would totally believe if you told me that you were 23 ... haha : laughing : i am also mistaken for being much younger than my actual age , people who ... when you try to dissect for meanings behind just one word / sentence said by someone ! it lingers in your mind and you just can't take it for a word . there must be something more meaningful than what it ... this ... :( i always try to be honest with other people so i naturally assume other people are being honest with me as well . ( which in most cases , turned out to be not ... other people often ... yasss ! i was just listening to these last night . :D virgo sun / aquarius moon / sagittarius rising enfp all . the . time . : brocoli : <- i look like this though . lol i wish i could learn to dance professionally or something . i love singing as well ! i sing everyday in my car , my room , shower , etc ... omg ! that is so true ! i hate any awkward silences so much that i just blabber most random thing . or i try to crack a joke but ends up awkwardly laughing by myself . if no one responds , i will ... my intp boyfriend absolutely hates driving . lol . he hates being stuck in traffic ( i mean who doesn't ! ? ) and he says driving gives him too much stress & anxiety . he is a good driver though . but he'd ... : hug : aww ! sukairain you da best ! :D i personally love parties and going out ! it energizes me ! i seriously love hanging out with people . however , i also would like to come back home and lay on my bed , relax and have my own time as ... https://media.giphy.com/media/10LKovKon8DENq/giphy.gif yay ! ahem , we do have order ! :) yours is arranged alphabetically ( by username ) but ours is arranged by numbers ( in increasing order ) ! for example , type 7 zster : 7w6 so / sx heelloooevrbdy : 7w6 - ... i usually don't stay depressed / angry for too long but i prefer to be left alone when i do feel like that . however , i'd like to have a sense that someone is always there to support me as well . if you ... when you are way more excited about your friend's wedding than bride herself . : laughing : ^ entp infp . it was during the time when i never went out and did not socialize with people . then as i graduated high school , i began to meet a few people , and here i am back to enfp ! i think i was enfp ... infp http://images6.fanpop.com/image/photos/332000/beauty-and-the-beast-beauty-and-the-beast-33292903-500-260.gif entp http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/1559550/dexter-s-lab-o.gif istp http://cdn.meme.am/instances/54369314.jpg intp http://kabluchki.ua/content/documents/11406/1140512/thumb-article-419x315-2a8b.jpg infj ... http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/happy-gifs.gif?gs=a enfp ! i hate parties . and people . and people who party . my friends are mostly all introverts ! infj , intj , intp , istp ... lol ! and then i have 2 enfp friends they are awesome ! we honestly laugh at anything together . : laughing : i need alone time ! and i can be very happy just being by myself doing whatever i like . also found that i am very productive when i'm alone . i paint , sculpt , knit , sing , play with my pets , exercise , ... dear istp friend , i love you ! :) * hug * - enfp i don't think its the type that's the problem here . he just seems like a really immature and selfish person . - i hate being late . ( just generally conscious about time ) i'm the friend who will literally drag you out of bed and help you get ready just not to be late to something . - i pay my bills on time ... i don't know why but for some reason i can't take enfp man seriously . i know a friend whom i dearly love he is really funny and kind & we can be so goofy together . but i can't see myself dating him ! ... that's very true ! people who do not know me always say you're so quiet ! lol ... they'll probably want me to shut up once i start talking . i come across as introvert to strangers and extroverts to ... istp's are fascinating people ! i know they are probably my complete opposite and that may be why i'm so intrigued . i have a couple of friends who are this type and we get along very well . i can see ... anything that requires a lot of attention to detail , micro-managing , strict-rules , etc . it already makes me feel suffocated ! ! haha ! omg i laughed so hard at that knowing my intp boyfriend and his relationship with religion . : laughin : : loveyou : too ! speaking of flaws ... i have many :D - procrastination ! ! ! : hampster : - easily bored : ball : - unorganized - impulsive & impatient - i love / trust people way too much > > get hurt x repeat ... i don't agree that this is an enfp trait . i wouldn't knowingly do anything that hurt the people i love . and i'm not that naive to think that my actions won't be caught up later either . hey ! welcome :) i totally understand where you're coming from . i used to be tested as infp during my school years too ! :D i think i became quite shy and introverted especially during high school . i ... omg ye bin :) she's so adorable ! intp , istp : lovekitty : my boyfriend is intp . haha not me ! ! :P i mean i can be , when i want ... but most of the time i am not . being enfp , this hurts me more than i should allow . i don't dwell on it or anything but whenever it pops up in my thoughts i feel hurt a little . but it's okay , not everyone will like me no matter ... your scores : auditory : 40 % visual : 35 % tactile : 25 % you are types as enfp so that is your type ! you don't need to fit into every characteristics of enfp . although i relate to many of the enfp's characteristics , i sometimes don't fit into some of ... stresss ! ! ! i've been dealing with so much stress lately ... all because of my stupidity of course . people ask me to do something for them -> i can't refuse so i say i will do it for them -> i end up ... so spot on ! :) virgo : laughing : '