' i don't feel comfortable with exposing myself online . besides it does not make much sense to post somehting i don't have anymore . i hate the process but i love the results . i am super ... what is regular ( scratching her head ) ? don't look at what others say about your goals , they are yours after all . go after them ! you are lucky to be able to work on your body . like personnally ... if a guy really likes you he does not go mia unless he has some serious issues . and again , if he does he will tell you . it's not type related , it's all about priorities . you can reach out again if ... i don't give a f * * * about politics and all this shit weirds me out . my first hunch would be esi or see ... but then i don't know you and you seem like you are a teen ... oh wow why this mention ? i don't know if i should feel flattered ... i have to say that i don't like questionnaires . i also have a couple of questions ... why do you need to rely on external output ? ... another questionnaire with close to no food to analyse . sigh . i don't like this questionnaire . i also don't like questionnaires in general because people tend to craft their responses to fit the theory . try to learn the theory maybe ? observing the way functions ... your answers are so short .. i see rather a few ntr cues like social anxiety / reclusiveness that you seem to identify with introversion . but if i needed to comment , i wonder why you consider iei , ... the exclusivity talk is very american , it just does not exist here . for the rest , have you experienced the cheating thing with a partner you've been with for over 10 years and with a kid ? i ... i am not all white and black as i used to be , maybe because i am not 20 anymore either . i think i would have no tolerance for cheating in a new relationship . i don't believe in emotional ... that makes a pretty scary excel chart in the head . good luck :) believe me , if you are really into someone and are sexually and emotionally attracted to them , you will behave differently . i think that you are afraid to reject him or to tell him that you don't ... i clash with stupidity and ignorance whatever valued function it is . i am sooo deep no one understands me , must be because they are xe or wi and i am ve or bi or whatever else me ( h ) . of course . i am a good flirter without being creepy or heavy but it actually came with age , because awkwardness was my best friend in my 20s . i flirt for the sake of flirting . so now it makes me smile how ... nife 4w5 , never took any drugs in my life apart alcohol or weed . mj is just not my thing , i hate the smell and haven't smoked it for at least 10 years . i am trying to eliminate alcohol from ... i thought it was something serious but apparently it's just another entp gangbang .. i am too old for this shit but i hope you guys will have lots of fun . 7 is a positive outlook at that looks just too dark ... your collage is very light an self effacing , i go with 9w1 you should delete her from your life , she is playing with your heart . if you are like myself you have a very hard time to move on once you are in . but give me a favour , on behalf of all those ... because i feel like already being overwhelmed with the universe , i don't need to be informed about all the misery in this world . i don't even have a tv set . i don't have a facebook account either ... i am familiar with this theory , scored as submissive ( read depressive or introverted ) na . from my observation narcissism is not type related , anyone can be a narcissist . there is one thing i ... you are on drugs , your psyche is altered . it is very difficult to type cognition preference in these conditions . come back once you gave up meds ( after a month or so ) . take care . dude , don't be sad , try a bit of introspection maybe ? fi is not about morals , it's a common misunderstanding of this function . also esfps tend to not give a f * * * about morals , just saying . they ... you can't be a hybrid type :) usually those who doubt if they are f or t are f and those doubts are somehow more pronounced in perceivers from my observation . i've actually seen sefi doubt like ... don't focus on tests , dive deeper into functions . you are actually so focused on se , that it's like boiling milk , overflows from the pan so you cannot see its colour ( that's how i picture your auxiliary function ) . the only idea of settling down with ... you can discard the bible and feel like not diving deep down into religion but you can't deny that it's the foundation source for christian religion . i am not muslim but i don't deny the importance ... i would say that if you really want to understand and use socionics , you would rather need to forget everything you know about mbti . i am sorry , i haven't had time nor it possibility to browse ... if you know everything about functions , their position and how this influences your behaviour , the whole system behind model a ( including intertype relationships ) then there is no place for ... both are different systems , socionics is actually a lot more complex as mbti often ends up with letter preference without going deep down into meaning of this choice . you should look into functions ... such se and such ti and such e2 and such nonsense . i don't get the inxx opinions maybe i have to be thrown into a lake with crocodiles to realise it . esfp sounds ok , estp is an option as well . this is not much info but let me do the shallow typing just for fun . sounds like an se ego , leaning seti . enneagram 3 in your tritype . cool , we need more of those here . '