' ok maybe simpler questions ... ( 1 ) how would you react if your crush said to you sometimes i don't know if you're flirting with me or we're just very good friends ? ( 2 ) how would you react if ... * * new question i ’ m ( female ) sharing an apartment with an enfj ( male ) and am under the impression that we are falling for each other however after doing some research , i have realised that i ’ m ... funny thing is today he finally made it up to my level at work and said hi . it was a weird awkward conversation . like when someone tries to chat you up but you have nothing in common with them ? ... any luck on your side ? : ) thanks for all that info ! ! ! makes me feel like i ’ m on the right track … . i find it funny that some people feel i have been sufficiently direct with him and others don't . regadless , i wouldn't ... to be completely fair i have told him and he did understand - he even answered with this is exactly how direct you should be . he is one of you and told me i was sufficiently direct - or is that ... so for anyone still reading this theardx 85 . ix92ve finally moved floors . within minutes of me moving , he was messaging me through facebook but it did not last . i have not heard from him in a week . ... funny i had an opportunity to tell him that although a woman may be interested in a man at a moment in time , if he chooses to friendzone himself as he ’ s not sure , the interest may not stay for ever . ... you know what never ceases to blow my mind ? why people chose to follow / read / post on threads they dislike / donx 92t agree with . similarly , when people follow facebook pages that support things ... all office / work place romances seem to take much more time this is true . risk is there and that makes the egg shell floor much more apparent . [ / quote ] well in his defence , although it sounds like ... mind blow – this really made me think . it sounds like the kind of thing someone would say when they ’ re insecure about a relationship . i ’ ve said it before when i knew my relationship was falling ... i know and i ’ m sorry : s i appreciate your help . ironically , you are finding it frustrating but he seems to be fine with it ? : p i thought intjs were always in or out , never on the fence , when ... ok so funny thing is last weekend i went on a ski trip and there were of course many guts there . i met one in particular with whom i clicked and law and behold he is entp ( internet test … . but i ’ d ... sooo he's started telling colleagues he's dating someone ( obviously whilst i'm close enough to hear it ! ! ) that can't be good news ? hahaha so two things i forgot to mention in my previous post : he did have a double take on monday when he saw me talking to aa in the office . he didn ’ t say anything but he certainly “ noticed ” that i was ... no , aside from the fact i'm not intersted , his current gf has just had a baby . i'm not a home wrecker : ) i ’ m kind of feeling really relieved i told him . in the past , when i ’ ve told guys i liked them i ’ ve immediately felt very stressed and as though they needed to confirm straight away whether they were ... confirmed not that bad ! i actually met a few guys on my trip this weekend which also takes the pressure off things . i ’ m not ruling out workentp of course but it ’ s good to spread my energy so i ... humx85.so i was away this weekend so i played the wait and see game and did not hear from him . on monday , first thing he did is ask me how my weekend went ( he knew i was going away ) and then went on ... ok so some of you may be proud of me . after this big relationship conversation he asks me how things are going with me and how my “ black dress ” date went and i kind of said “ so , so , might see him ... so just learnt something interesting – workentp broke up with his gf for two weeks about two months ago … . just around when he started being nice to me again ! now they ’ re back together … . he said he ... this really made me think . at few months ago i told some of the guy in the office that i was dating again , kind of making it official ( i read somewhere that you have nothing to lose to tell people ... ok i see your point and agree . in about mar / apr he called her his gf in front of me . later down the line we had a chat and he told me she warned him when they started dating that all her exes got ... glad i could help you see what you already have ;) i have not slept in 34 years ... :( :( :( about three weeks ago ? he said it really sadly like he was worth nothing ... it really surprised me . so i just brought a dress from the dry cleaners and immediately workent goes “ oh someone ’ s dating again – back on tinder ? no your type of site would be more ( he names a bunch of different ... ok consider it done . yes thatx 92s the impression i get . i have to say hex 92s pretty good at keeping eye contact . thatx 92s what attracted me to him initially as he didnx 92t seem as shallow . yes ... sorry for the late reply i've been overseas sunning myself up ( it's winter here ! ) and building on my tan ; ) that is sooo funny because i ’ ve just realised – i already do this all the time . ... so during our lunch on monday , workentp told me he ’ s still seeing a woman casually however doesn ’ t like to tell everyone at work until it gets serious . he has only told me – why would that be ? ... it has in the past unfortunately . i have a one year relationship with someone who i think is an intp . i asked him out ( after which he ’ d admitted he ’ d been interested for months but didn ’ t ask me ... alright . i agree with this - apologies if i'd seemed dishonest . i like him and always have , even when i was seeing the isfj . for me the fact that he hasn't asked me out feels like rejection ( i ... hum ... i guess i'm asking because i don't want to miss out on a great opportunity because i'm not seeing what's exactly in front of me . i see this can be annoying to you as keep changing my mind ... so on his first day back from holiday he asked me to catch up for lunch . he asked loads of questions during the catch up , wanted to know about my new flatmate , the guy i was seeing and how my ... as for workentp - if every time i become more friendly with him he relaxes and is more friendly with me ... that's probably all he wants , friendship ! i ended things with the isfj because : 01 / he was messing me around from the start he was making plans and cancelling or delaying them consistently . 02 / not making a conscious effort to ... good idea ! he asked me to slow things down ( which , in his words , dating without so much expectation ) which i tried to adapt to . i took a step back , focused on myself ( aka organised a few things with friends , a ... so i ’ ve had a think about this … . if i put myself in his shoes i can see that he would definitely see me acting much the same with him as with the others . i personally don ’ t feel i flirt but a lot ... omg still reading but i just loled so hard reading this ... thanks for the answer : ) i ’ ve kind of changed my view on things . early on when i posted the first q on this thread , i was infatuated with him and just couldn ’ t think straight , which made me very ... so firstly i will never blurt it out in the way you want me to ! hahaha i have already told him that i will not ask a guy out . he asked why [ not ] ? i explained “ because i ’ ve done it before , i ’ ve ... i ’ ve been reading “ signs entp likes you ” and the first sentence of number 8 really spoke to me : how to tell if an entp likes you ( as told by 22 entps ) | thought catalog “ a weird combination of ... i will keep updating . i get an email every time there's a post on this so if you don't hear anything for a few months , i might be busy ( wink wink ) but just post something and i'll answer . i see how you ( and everyone ) would think that but i don't take commitment lightly and i'm 100 % with the isfj . i wouldn ’ t even contemplate another man . i am simply recognising his change of ... all i have to say is : bhahahahahhahhaa ;) so i ’ ve just received a pm that made me realise that perhaps some people may know what happens from now … .. so firstly i have not heard back from northentp and as i know he ’ s stubborn , and i ’ ve ... thank you so much for your help ep through this whole process … omg this is an amazing point and something i hadn ’ t thought of at all . and you ’ ve identified something that may have been wrong in ... hey so i took your suggestion and had a chat with him . there's a full explanation of what happened here ( on post 5 ): ... so coincidently i did exactly this , even if i received your message after the fact ! hahaha i explained that i ’ m happy taking this slow but raised ( as nicely as i possibly could ): a-i don ’ t want ... '