' please forget about him . you should definitely save yourself for marriage ... and if it's not something you believe in at least save yourself to be with someone who is going to treasure you ( at least ... that must really hurt , i'm sorry it happened . it's weird that he would create so much distance between you but then continue to stare at you from afar . do you think you might have unintentionally ... well , there is this one girl i know from bible study who is very beautiful , powerful , very educated and intelligent and is super nice to me . the only thing i have in common with her is star wars ... oh boy , does this whole thing sound familiar . i had almost the exact same thing happen with this guy i'd been seeing about a month ago . he was super , duper friendly and attentive in the beginning , ... i will , thank you :) i want to stand my ground and let him know it's bothering me in a tactful way , without being whiny or desperate . so , i'm gonna wait a bit so i can get my thoughts together and be ... hey guys ! well , i was seeing a lovely enfj dude for a few weeks about a month ago . we really got along , and it was the first genuine connection i'd felt with anyone since my best friend ditched me a ... oh no , we were definitely heading in the direction of romantic involvement . we texted every day and cuddled / kissed on multiple occasions . but i see your point about controlling his behavior so as not ... i agree completely , and i think he knows this too , which is why he chose to withdraw from me in order to prevent the possibility of unintended emotional manipulation . that's why i intend to explain ... pfff , this cracked me up . thanks , man ; i'm definitely withdrawing by texting him more sparsely and sporadically . my sister says he isn't worth my time , because [ i ] can't be friends with someone [ i ] ... well guys , it's all good . i talked to him about it and he said he'd just been stressed lately . thank you for the help ! well guys , i'm honestly at a complete loss here , as he barely talks to me anymore and no longer eats with me after class like we used to . so , as much as it hurts , i'm thinking of just giving up on ... wow , this sounds exactly like what's happening with me and an enfj guy i like ! we got really close really fast , and we both like each other , this other girl was suddenly all into him . he has no ... this is all super true . we hung out yesterday , and it was hard to resist the urge to cuddle / hold hands when we were together . however , he's a really cool person , and i don't think anything ... yeah , i try not to text him as much ; maybe send him a few anecdotes of funny things that happen during the day , random tidbits like that . he still replies , but not quickly / with a few words instead of ... hey , guys ! well , i recently met a really great enfj dude , and we hit it off almost immediately . we share the same sarcastic humor , and constantly banter back and forth together . we both really seem ... ... my intj friend actually thought the exact same thing o . o haha . i wonder if there's a correlation between ni and un / misdiagnosed add ? that would be fascinating to research ... oh , wow , i'm sorry i replied to this so late ! there's a bit of a family crisis going on all up in here - _ - but yes . i think we all have a tendency to think badly of ourselves , especially infps seem ... that's actually exactly what's going on between us right now , so we put our friendship on hold to deal with our problems . i was crushed for a while , but i'm getting better with time . thank you :) no , yeah , i totally understand that her problems are important . and the bit about your personal experience with this same issue also shed some light on things . so , thanks :) it was also very ... i should watch that video hahaha . the curious ways of the infj intrigue me . when i'm not too lazy to get up and get my headphones xd also , i totally agree with that last assertion . i'm really not ... dude , i'm not convinced of that , either . so i don't want to be jumping the gun and writing her off , but at the same time i'm really not sure . annoying is an understatement , but thanks :) i do ... hey guys ! well , a lot's happened since i've been on here last . i've been having a family crisis , and started at a new school , among other things . but , i'm quite happy with my life as it is now . i ... honestly , i have friends and family members who complain constantly whenever they're even slightly uncomfortable . as that gets real old real fast , when i'm sick , i don't complain . i hate when others ... i totally understand where you're coming from . i've struggled with depression on and off since freshman year of college , and let me tell you , it's seriously hellish . as you probably already know ... i agree with this . i think it is largely learned behavior . i'm sorry you're having a hard time with this ; it must be scary feeling like you can't control it adequately . i also agree with attic ... this . i seriously have the same problem ; it's a bit scary at times ! i realized i've been doing it ever since i was little to get away with stupid little kid stuff , and the abuse i was facing at home ... i'm also a prime member of the ' very manipulative ' camp , as much as it pains me to admit . but that really has to do with an abusive childhood situation . i felt the need to lie to make myself feel ... this . keep in mind we also have fi , but it's tertiary . that's what a lot of the withdrawing to deal is about . [ / quote ] thanks , dude . i honestly think she'll be back eventually . as i've ... yo guys , how's everyone been ? it's almost christmas , which i'm still trying to wrap my mind around . well , as far as the former best friend situation goes , i've just been leaving her alone . i'm ... oh god . props to you ! as a side-note , i've been saying that way too often lately ... it always amazes me how other types sometimes accuse us of being overly-emotional , and then things like this ... even dogs ? i dunno man , dogs are pretty adorable . haha . it's interesting , because we're such emotional people . but from the few infps i know , they've all said that too ! i guess when we need to get something important done to prevent a crisis , we just ... i think i should have worded the title better . my question wasn't about your actual fears , but rather , how infps react to fear in general . as i said , i tend to get very calm in scary situations , even ... this . also , whenever anyone tries to scare me by jumping out from the shadows , or some silly thing , it's usually the same kind of reaction . my friend tried to do that to me recently , and i ... oh wow , i haven't been on here for a while * facepalm * sorry ! i can now give my thoughts in full heh ... well , i think that definitely makes sense . sometimes , i'm so lost in my head during social ... hey guys ! so , as an infp , i've noticed that honestly , i'm not scared by much . whenever i watch a horror film with my sister and best friend , it's really rare for me to scream . i usually just jump ... most of this seems to be pure speculation , rather than actual evidence . or maybe you just know some really different infps and isfps ... as an infp , i am far less sheltered and unrealistic ... hey , guys ! so , i came out about 2 years ago as gay . realizing that was the most liberating thing i've ever experienced ! i was filled with a new pride and confidence i'd never felt before . although my ... yeah , i think that's best for now :) i've been having a really good time abroad , so that's helped lots as well ! honestly , i'm starting to think that too . i mean , i told her i was sorry for the death of her dog , and she ignored that . i know we've been out of contact for a while , and we both agreed that it would ... yo , guys , i'm back ! and in need of your opinions ... well , i've decided that only sending my former friend one postcard , backing off , and letting her do any initiating is the best course of action ... guys omg sorry to butt into your conversation , but i , too , am a phan ( heh ) of dan and phil on tumblr ! i came a bit late to the party ( my former best friend introduced me to their greatness two years ... interesting . a lot of the other intjs said earlier that once a month contact would be fine . i think it's really more down to personal preference , to be honest . i already bought a lot ( as in like ... hey guys ! well , as you know , i sent my friend a postcard not too long ago , and that got me thinking ... i know morgoth said i should never , ever lose touch , but i suppose i'd like to know what ... thank you , lilysocks :) i'll try that ! because i really don't mind it at all ; this was just me freaking out late at night , and now i'm over it hahaha . having loved ones out there , the internet , my ... i always thought he was an infp , but infj is really interesting too ! what makes you say j instead of p ? this is just an advert . he's not talking about his personal feelings on the matter at all , just using the script given . hahaha it's okay ! sorry , my late-night self decided to get overly-emotional ... i'm used to intj humor , too , so i dunno why i didn't catch on . us infps get 70x more emotional at night , so watch out , i ... this . thank you . i think my host mother thinks i'm unhappy . when , for the most part , i'm perfectly content doing my own thing . i definitely agree on the friendship thing , too :) i've meet an amazing ... this was accurate , though . so thank you . romance / intimate friendships do seem pretty rare sometimes , which is sad , really . '