i'm a mix of irish and italian . i was born in australia but my irish family came to australia from singapore , and kept bits and pieces of that culture . i consider myself australian . i'm exreamely ... stop . dont stress . what is it that your not dealing with . breathe , attack it . start over again . its never to late to press the reset button . i feel the same right now . and i cant fix it . not yet , ... this month will be the greatest challenge . i will finish my semester at uni before checking myself into hospital . i will survive long enough . just one more month . entr 0py yeah i agree with everything you said . that is exactly what it is like with my bf and i . the empathy vs solution dilemma is never resolved . we have a balance where i had to learn to ... i think your right there . i have a panic disorder , and i'm an infp . i think that my personality contributes to it . but there are also lifestyle factors and life experiences that i think play a massive part . if i wasn't an ... there is 10 years between me 19 ( infp ) and my bf 29 ( intp ) . sometimes its totally natural . other times its exhausting . he has learnt many life lessons , and cant understand why i haven't gained the ... hahaha . you remind my of my intp boyfriend . he says the same things . i do think intp's are rude arse holes that i can't understand . i do . very much so . but i also love them to pieces . i think its ... infp's are not the polyanna's of the personality world . even though its always thought that we are . i'm really sorry about how you feel . its tough , and its hard to work your way out of . but its ... the inner bully beats me , and crushes me down till only the raw self is left . self destructive and desperate . but its not the end . i think infp's are very idealist , and while that fuels the ... i control my life tightly to minimise the variables that lead to panic attacks , i live in total fear of them . what i eat and how much . what i wear , the make up i wear , i schedule my life hour by ... i do this too . so your certainly not alone . it hurts , alot . recently i started introducing ' safe foods ' which are foods i eat without counting . they are foods with high nutritional content , ... thank you guys.xo we do actually have a good relationship . he does balance out my inability to think reasonably , and i counter his absolute reliance on logic . for example , when i get upset , he ... sometimes i pity my intp boyfriend . he talks down to me as if being more ' emotion ' driven makes me childish or stupid . but he has no concept of empathy , or contextual behaviour . i'm much ...