' i guess this place still exists ? i went to a rave once just text him and say it , dude . you're overthinking it way too much . talking about how istjs will be more thin and more into food etc . seems pretty hit or miss on some of the stuff he touches on . you can't just say all or even most istjs are more in shape . it's ... topcatlsd that dude kinda just rambles and doesn't really give good info on everything . http://youtu.be/P20kKwu45Rc tsp if you like him just ask him . he's probably just too scared . istjs can be that way . i know i have been that way before . asking for numbers is weird . i don't think i've ever done it . given that info you sound a bit cray , girl . you want to marry someone who you've gone out with only a couple of times and those couple of times were not very serious ? if someone said they wanted to ... i'm not sure what you dudes were doing but i was all about fun when i was a little kid . none of this cleaning and stuff . well , your profile says you're a 5 , so what you're saying kind of makes sense . it's just kind of how 5 ' s can be . distant , hard to know . a description i read of a 5 said ( paraphrasing ) it's common ... that's probably pretty spot on . your score on this test was 27 out of 36 . slightly above average : cool : pretty much describes my entire life . between projects i'm all like omg i have nothing at all to do in the entire world . there is nothing at all to read abouttt / work onnn bleeehhh etc nope . i think that the whole idea of soul mates existing is silly . this song changed my life forever . the istj's side of the conversation is retarded . i would be like bro tell me what the hell you're hinting at or this conversation is over because talking cryptically is dumb . sela https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQAzCPpTUl0 you're welcome . firefox with adblock plus addon is the only way to roll . a good scan scrub with superantispyware and malwarebytes is probably in order as well if your browser is acting sketchy . lmao . that's a good one . i'm going to have to steal that . looks like someone is fishing for compliments :P niss i need to borrow your dog for this quest . http://i.imgur.com/rFHI9Ej.png omg that music video ... haha snowbell mmmm . chocolate cake . * drool * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gc4QTqslN4 found it with a google img search . guess that's what happened to daisychain i was being serious in everything i said , no leg pulling . http://i.imgur.com/7RqJk1g.jpg srs tho you act like i made a personal attack . i simply stated possible outcomes to situations used words like , i think not words like , you will . this is nice ... first world problems . :P http://i.imgur.com/JBOth2G.jpg this dude you're chilling with is most-likely just waiting for an opportunity . let's be real . it's possible he's not . but let's be real , not optimistically naive . maybe your intentions are pure , ... that's all i think when i read the thread title as well ... was about to link that . mood : o_o i've slept 2 hours in 3 days . where did my sleep go ? i don't even feel tired . this is not natural . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QOQUi743Ow don't ask why . just accept it and realize why and be happy about it :P make sure you don't tell him that . that wouldn't be very nice to hear . change the last part to something more substantial . sela always wears the pants . always . and robbers that steal all my cards . man , why does our group of people we associate ourselves with have to be a circle ? why not a triangle or a square ? deadmilkman i think in situations where you feel you don't really have a ... thank you professor enthusiast for your lecture on the difference between intps and istjs . will this be on the final exam ? rejectedreality protip : making your font small makes it more difficult to read . if you haaave to use a different font than default at least maintain size . sincerely , my eyes giving advice to enfps usually just makes me frustrated . they weigh their options too long and are indecisive . she knows what to do . she'll eventually do it . it takes a man confident in his manhood to admit to knowing what strappies are . til i pay too much for shoes . really ? i thought girls were supposed to buy expensive shoes . i don't think i've ever bought a pair for under $ 100 o_o . i like the way this is said ( minus the we . ) although i'm not thoroughly experienced in being in relationships ( both platonic and romantic ) i generally feel the same way . i'm like a train on its ... mood : lazy . all of you istjs ranting about being overworked , man . i haven't done anything but sleep 8 + hours per day and play video games for about 9 days straight . feelsgoodman . i have it on my phone . it's mildly entertaining . i got to like level 70 - something . i think it goes up to 450 or so . how does someone use the knowledge that they are honest to positively address issues in life ? it says i'm honest . okay . how does that help me accomplish anything in life knowing that i am honest ? ... sometimes after my life has been exceptionally boring for an extended period of time i'll begin to look for something to shake things up that is out of my comfort zone . usually it's nothing ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6jtLAnqiiA '