' i used to get butterflies all the time , but i think that since my perspective on dating has changed , i tend to get them less now . i used to be too afraid to ask / talk to anyone about this stuff and ... i've been called a know-it-all , but its usually because i'm correcting someone if they're sharing incorrect information . for me , its extremely important to understand things properly if you are going ... bro i hear ya . my boyfriend actually told me that i was a lot more aggressive than other women he's dated in that i didn't wait to be pursued , i just pounced and pronounced he was mine and that was ... purdy good in my opinion . i blame copy / paste for all my formatting problems . 38 % infj 19 % enfj 13 % enfp 9 % entj 8 % infp alrighty . i'm an infj . 1 : - i can be a huge smart ass - i can be very loud , flirty , and gregarious ( particularly with a couple drinks in me ) and would consider myself pretty good at ... to answer your question about the feeling thing , my automatic mode is to observe , build an understanding of the world around me and then to use that understanding to ensure everyone else around me is ... i'll just address each one , thought if you don't want to read the whole thing , i'd say that between infj and infp , i'd say you might be closer to infp based solely from this ... 1 . i can be messy ... me . except in male form . because i am the definition of ideal . in my experience , istps tend to be more socially adept and conscious than istjs and are better at understanding other people's feelings though they themselves are awful with their own feelings . i ... all the time . theres a raging estp inside of me desperate to get out . i think people find fe attractive because fe gives a ton of s * its about pleasing the other person and making sure their needs are met . its priority numero uno and it makes for very healthy ... i've always felt like loving people comes really easily to me . i don't really even think its possible for me to hate a person because i'm constantly thinking oh , well , they are only human or who ... i think i often feel more awkward than i really am so i kind of agree , but at the same time , i've been told that i don't seem too weird or awkward to other people . sometimes i'll apologize for what ... exfjs . so much fe . we click really well , but fe is ridiculously extroverted and while i can keep up , its very draining to try to keep conversation going when my brain is trying to drift off . oddly ... i can get along with pretty much anyone if i try , but i have the most difficult time not losing my temper with entjs , xsfps , and isfjs . otherwise , i can get along with and have friends of pretty much ... to be honest , i'm really not a hot piece of ass thats mostly what i tell myself haha > . < . plus i've tried working out more and even though it doesnt make any visible difference to the pudge i've ... some of my best friends are intps . just so much fun to sit and talk about things with . our ni / ti plus their ti / ne is such a fun combination . i used to get super super sensitive over this whole dating dealio ... i think the way that i've dealt with it is to consciously work on changing my perspective on it over time . for example , i used to ... my mom is tired of seeing my uniform . it is as follows : for everyday stuff , dark-ish skinny jeans , black v-neck tshirt or black / grey bro tank , flannel , red high top converse . if i'm dressing ... i've never found new groups intimidating , but they do make me feel uneasy and awkward . however , once i've analyzed everyone and understood on a basic , archetypal level what makes them tick , its ... okay , i'm 99 % sure i think most of this is highly implausible , but i have to admit there was this one time where my ex and i smoked some pot and i was convinced that he and i had been lovers in a ... i generally like enfps ! however , if there are problems , they generally stem from the following : - fi can , at times , appear selfish to fe and can often times also seem rather unreasonable and ... owlbear i think every type can give good compliments , thought i think exfjs know when people need them most and are most willing to give them at that time ( like when its obviously needed ... ? ) i'm not sure about josh , but tyler is either infj or istp and nowhere in between haha . if i had to take a stab at it , i'd say josh is xnfp i've seen a few interviews but overall , it was the music ... i think exfps can be the silliest and most playful , ( definitely silliest ) but i've found xnxjs to often be the funniest , but i think thats more because of i relate best to an ni-driven sense of humor definitely science . i like understanding the world around me in a concrete way , but making connections however i want to . mostly i am obsessed with understanding how things work and why things are ... i like enfps . my best friend from high school was an enfp . i tend to have issues with infps though . we tend to get on each other's nerves . i dont know why , but the enfp / infj combo seems to ... you cant find me im hiding in plain sight hahahahahahahaha i'd like to point out that there are two foxes in the entp block am i surprised ? no . edit : also two owls in the intj one . hahahaha am i the only one who finds this entirely ... all my best friends can't shut their trap . i don't even know how to share like my friends share . but they get me :) this should be a game show . i got infp-t . tests like this always give me infp or intp . its the j / p questions that get all messed up and i know exactly which questions they are , too haha good god way to send me into a crisis what am i doing to save the world i already put so much pressure on myself why are you doing this to meee lol . half kidding . the old , the young , the brave got stung all around you the lights fell down upon the world and did surround you take care of all the lonely souls and love will hold you oh how you walked through ... totally into the dark / mysterious type thing . i keep it on the dl from my friends though haha . i love the darkness but i'm very much afraid of the dark . kinda weird haha top ones : entp : 62.02 % intp / enfp : 60.45 % my infj was only 49.55 % . traits : energetic : 76 % expressive : 92 % private : 68 % joyful : 88 % i become everyone's drunk mom . this seems accurate for me haha i got red / blue . izzet ftw . also what i generally play haha so seems appropriate i was literally eating trail mix when i made is 1 . hmmm not really . i've found you cant really pin down a personality right off the bat , but i've found that ( of the two infjs i know ) we tend to just understand each other in a way that i really ... i always get gryffindor followed by ravenclaw . though in general i'm a rather atypical infj relative to a lot of people here i think so i guess i'm not a good example ... i've doorslammed people because i was embarrassed before and i figured i could never see them again without reliving my horror and i assumed they'd judge me forever haha i have noticed the following : infps tend to be more whimsical and random than infjs simply for the joy of it . even when an infj is being silly or random , there is still a level of calculation ... intimidating ? no . disconcerting ? yes . probably because you all shit on fe . haha guy friends always think i'm flirting with them until they get to know me . then they think i'm a lesbian because thats how i act around my girl friends too . * sigh * i've found that if i'm trying ... skin game was fantastic . i am so impatient for the next book to come out > . < haha has anyone read the dresden files ? because i've always seen harry as an infj . juuussst sayin i got choleric and sanguine haha ... though that may be based more on how i've been feeling lately ... its changing all the time , who knows i'm an engineer too ! ! ! anyway ... infj : 1 . i can be very direct and not spare other's feelings ( but this is typically when i'm fed up ) and i can be short tempered at times . i don't get angry ... '