' i was also wondering , are infjs easily or typically manipulated or whipped per se , or any other personality types more dominant than the infj ? im kinda in a situation where this girl is really nice ... i hate that i made these people look so bad , i really love hanging out with these people when i'm sober , they help me with a lot . i found out from my friends that they actually enjoy my company . but ... sorry for the late reply , but here it goes . ive been feeling more depressed lately , and even suicidal thoughts come in to mind but i discard them after . the thing is , i am very self conscious when ... haven't posted for awhile but just wanted to get some insight on the situation i'm in . i tend to get really quiet around my friends , at times they would ask if i'm alright . i know these guys for ... i dont plan to just have the ba .. here is my plan so far ... im doing a joint program in college that will transfer to university after two years ... if i keep a gpa of 3.0 or more i can go straight ... well one thing about teaching in asia is that there are racial preferences . for example if i were caucasian it wouldnt matter , but im asian so they would treat me a little different . they would treat ... yes i took that in to consideration . i am from canada , and i need at least a masters to teach in college . i know psychology can not give you a definite job , but it is an interesting field . other than ... well ... i think i just sparked something inside me ... now that i realized i am passionate about cars ... i want to become a professional race car driver ... i know it may seem far fetched . but with ... crap ... i totally left out the aspect that you have to stand in front of a lot of people when teaching ... im really bad at that ... so im really sad right now thinking that teaching might be a bad ... true ... i forgot i suck at speaking in front of people ... wow ... that just totally smacked me in the face ... im so down right now ... im half way through my freshman year in college . im liberal arts which gives me a bachelor of arts in the end . i dont know what that can do for me . i find psychology pretty interesting and might be ... hey man i completely understand this .. im stuck in this situation too .. im half through my freshman year in college and still havent decided what i want to be . my decisions are either i teach esl ... i guess that is the main reason why i try to get away from my friend . the one thing that annoys me the most is when she is with me she doesn't keep up with me . i have to say i do walk fast but it ... it makes a lot of sense ... i dont know why , but i like to be alone most of the time when i go out , but at the same time , i suffer loneliness ... usually i want to be alone from people that i do not ... thanks man .. i completely agree with you .. and will definitely give it a try ... i guess me letting out a little of my inner self may be a good way to attract girls ... what i meant is when i talk i would want the girl to be able to have a conversation with me without being totally clueless . i dont want the girl to know me in and out , just be able to empathize . lol yes i did not mean it literally ... dude that was awesome . you basically just described how i am . although i guess us infjs are wired that way . i guess i'm starting to feel comfortable being me . i guess if girls don't like me who i ... i think my eye just had an orgasm reading the post above . whoever you are alisha , you are the one human being that i want to meet one day . you seem so , amazing . keep in touch ? techno , progressive house , trance .. are amazing . some artists i recommend are deadmau 5 , and bonobo . first and foremost , i would like to thank all of you for your generous support , and for understanding me . i truly appreciate the time you guys took to read my posts and reply helpfully . i also want ... well my college is joint with a university . there are approximately 50,000 students . i don't think it is hard to approach a random girl , but the idea of approaching a random girl just wanting to ... ok i just want to make one thing clear . i am comfortable talking to women , i can talk for a long time as long as its a topic which i can relate on and know much about . i don't know if that is ... thanks goodewitch .. that helped out .. only if there were mature women like you but around my age ... the funny thing is i enjoy the company of older people than of my own age . i can carry on a great ... only you guys will ever see this side of me . this forum is where i pour out my heart and soul . in reality , i'm just an average guy minding my own business . you won't see any of what i discussed above ... i guess it is all about being self confident . accepting ones self . i understand these concepts . i just don't know how . right now i don't know what to do . i need that momentum to get me started . i ... suicide thoughts come and go , i don't ever take them in to consideration . life has to much too offer to just throw it out the window that easily . what i am trying to get at is , the way i perceive the ... hey .. to start things off , i'm single and have been single ... i do not think girls see anything in me , especially the way i look . i hate how my natural relaxed face is so serious . i honestly think ... sorry i clicked the send button too many times because the page didnt load sorry i clicked the send button too many times because the page didnt load hey sorry for being a newb to this . but how do go about knowing which type they are ? do you all know the characteristics of each type ? like i know i cant look at a person and know which of the ... cool ... i never express these feelings simply because i havent been in a relationship ever . i dont think i can be with anyone . im too private and introverted . but i do have them , and i have countless ... ahaha tell me about it .. when im sad i take it out on my ps3 ... i need to hit to gym ... but ive said that so many times its become a habit ... i guess i dont really want to .. but its good to ... and i ... hmm .. although i have nothing against ice cream ... eating ice cream while your sad can be really bad because you wont stop ... and since shes is fit ... all those calories will be counterproductive ... well .. im planning to get a teaching degree in english and teach esl in other countries .. and help kids likes me in their childhood .. i wasnt so fortunate growing up .. i hated my childhood ... and ... the more you think about it . the more its going to make you nervous and confused ... just do what you feel is right . whether it be the subtle hand hold .. or the more romantic kiss . just read her body ... wow ... we are so alike ... i feel the exact same way ... i always feel that when talking to a friend of mine .. i try to hold back .. but then he goes and tells me stuff .. i feel obligated to tell ... hmm .. im one of those guys that really puts off hugs ... my body language says so ... i dont cross my arms ... i just usually stand arms length from people ... but occasionally when im around friends ... i understand your point , and i guess your right . i guess i have to be stronger in order to help others get stronger as well .. i keep forgetting the fact that i should be the understanding one . maybe ... thats what i mean ... i am a very quiet person ... if you see me you would think i was mentally ill or something ... im always in my own world doing my own things ... i dont involve many . and i always ... hmm .. its hard to list because i have a music library of over 7000 songs ... but off the top of my head i can think of coldplay and deadmau 5 ... meh ... ill throw in leona lewis and onerupublic ... maybe ... so yea ... i tried telling a few of my friends that i have the rarest personality type in the world and they were like ... so who cares ... and from then on im keeping it to myself .. i guess being rare ... whats up ... im also new and an infj myself ... i dont have many infj friends and dont know how to spot one really ... but yea ... we are pretty rare .. to be honest im pretty surprised that there are people out there that understand how i feel and have felt the same way before . it reassures me that im not the only human being that feels this way ... ok ... well itll be nice to be able to talk to other infj .. so if you have skype pm me it or email me at http://scr.im/freshob and one other thing ... since infj are 1 % of the worlds population ... it seems there are many of us from the looks of this site . and i was wondering where the infj are coming from like what country ... thanks for the warm welcoming guys its making me feel great . im just trying to live a casual life . while most guys are out there trying to bang as many girls as possible , i just feel like im not ... i feel so awesome here . i love the fact that there are infj people out there who found this forum . i wish i found it earlier but its better late than never . i feel that i cant connect with ppl my age ... cool , and yea i guess your right , i do tend to look at my weaknesses more than i do my strengths . i feel unattractive because no girls find me attractive . i cant keep a conversation with a girl for ... whats good guys , i'm an infj male , in college and living a very casual life . i question and talk to myself a lot . i tend to judge myself a lot . i don't know many people that i call friends . i'm ... '