' nope ! i do to . then again i'm the type of person that within my circle of friends and their families will speak my mind and either literally or metaphorically slap them upside the head and say get a ... well i'm not a big fan of many people in general . not in the real world at least . my main pet peeve is people who expect me to bow to them and their emotions but try to rationalize mine away . i have ... i wouldn't intentionally lie to someone if they asked me something . if i thought it would be too painful for them to hear i would explain it gently or omit it if possible . my gf has asked me a couple ... i know what you mean . you catch someones gaze and just fall in then nothing else matters . i do that with my gf . i could look into her eyes for hours if possible . this is one of the points i was trying to make . i find communication is easy with my gf once i got past my reluctence to let people in . she understands me and i understand her . i loved the chocolate comment ! yes this is partially what i was thinking . lack of communication would be a major pitfall . it almost seems like infj's being reserved and more keep to themselves in ... i was talking to a friend last night ( they know who they are ) , and i came up with a not so little theory about the care and feeding of infj's . my theory is that infj's can make awesome friends or ... this ! unless your someone i've given free access to my personal bubble to then get out of my space ! i've come up with another one . i will eat gummy candies by number , and color . literally 1 red gummy bear , 2 green gummy bear etc . i will count them all out and eat them by amount . usually least to ... well i would have to say that isfj , infj , intj , and enfj would be our best matches . my first in a short ( two person ) list of exboyfriends before i came out is an infj / p . and he is still one of my ... oh my mother does that all the time . i swear that woman has selective hearing . if she's not being talked to she hears everything . if she is being talked to then she hears only half of what you say ... infj's seem to be very quirky to say the least . weirdly reserved and outgoing at once . so i wonder what quirks from when we were younger say about us . i was always barefoot when i was younger at ... sometimes you drive me crazy , but i love you to death . without any conditions and reservations . your the sun and moon to me . as important to me as air , food , warmth , and water . sleeping . i'm tired and people spent way too much time in my room today for my taste . days on end with my gf i can do . spur of the moment trips with my friend nicholas while he's manic i can do ... i don't complain for my health , i do it because people are genuinely annoying . and on that note will someone inform me as to why that is ? i've got one word for you that i think sums up the meaning of life nicely ... love . i tend to like quotes from some of my favorite tv shows from when i was younger . funny buffy the vampire slayer quotes ; i don't go out with vampires . never interested in my intellect - riley ... do you have a mental illness ( or more than one ? ) if you're comfortable sharing , what is it / what are they ? i suspect i have a form of depression . i've been really unexplainably down and at times ... these to me are the most important parts of your post . all can be solved by on thing in my mind , and that is ... common sense ! very few people have common sense when it comes to the economy and ... ok . my plan for this isn't fully detailed but it goes something similar to the following ; law - common sense laws that don't infringe on the personal right of anyone . i don't think religion should ... my main emotional outlet is writing . i've been writing for years and periodically look back on the things i wrote from when i was say about 12 , and then i remember the emotions that came with what ... i believe in ghost . i think that some people can't or wont move on from this life so they stay on our plane instead of going to the realm of the spirits . but then again i've also seen them , felt ... 1 . what types of music do you like to listen to ? my taste in music is very much eclectic . i do have some that i like more then others , but i don't truly dislike any kind of music . jazz , old school ... not that i know . i've been told that i'm very self reserved but never arrogant . maybe that's code for arrogant to them . i think that you just know . not in the sense as you know at first sight that you will be together forever type or knowing . it's more like you know that this is a person your willing to sacrafice for ... i don't mind chatting , it's always good in my books . i think what your confusing is the difference between someone who is a friendship bond soul mate and someone who is a romantic soul mate . i see my best friend as being my soul mate in the sense that ... your just awesome ! i've been told i'm loud . i was quite surprised by that to . i don't consider myself all that loud and to hear that i am actually loud was a surprise . 1 . my girlfriend 2 . my best friend 3 . my other friends besides my best friend 4 . that i'm as healthy as i've ever been 5 . my damn muse is finally working ... yay for being able to focus on ... my long term gf is infj / intj i'm not really sure which of the two she is . she acts more like a slightly closed off infj , and can be hard to read sometimes . i tend to read her very well though . it's not so much day dreams for me as it is strong emotions . if i'm annoyed at something or silently fuming about one thing or another then it shows on my face . me and my gf went to dinner at denny's ... yea , i try to as much as possible to keep any mess i make to my room . i see no reason for anyone to live in my mess other then me , though i am in the process of fixing that mess and getting things ... i feel this sums up my feelings pretty well . i hate filth but don't mind clutter . i also don't think that clutter and filth need go together . if someplace is cluttered but somehow remains dirt free ... i agree with you on this jawz . it's been that way for many other people to of been colonized to . during a time before nazi's the united states government took part in and orchestrated a cultural ... i was wonder what other peoples views on cleaning , mess , and dirt are ? what do you consider dirty ? do you like cleaning or have any cleaning rituals ? what do you think of as messy ? does messy equal ... it's also sad what people have done in the name of other religions to . post christianity saw much more antisemetism then prechristianity . and muslim empires in the past were better known for ... well i think it resonates very well with me . as someone who likes writing and other creative things , it is well known that those with the most extensive knowledge aren't always the ones who have ... my cousin who is only four months older then me was also a premie when born and she hates feet . she hates hers being touched , she hates other peoples , just feet in general . but baby feet are cute ... me and my younger sister . granted she's only 18 months younger , but still younger . i'm on the left by the way . http://i37.photobucket.com/albums/e89/silvereyes781/Snapshot_20101124_3.jpg my ... blah . i need to update my information . but my gf was diagnosable at 18 , my friend hannah is bipolar and she's either 16 or 17 . i can't really remember . and i have another friend who is 21 and has ... i was born a month and a half early . i've been early for things ever since . well i'm the one doing the planing and making sure that i get myself someplace on time . if someone else is doing the ... i disagree , everyone i know that has bipolar disorder has bpii and not bp i . and the criteria for either form of the disorder is pretty extensive . it includes hospitalization for suicide attempts . if ... for me attraction is heightened by emotional attraction . i can look at other woman then my girlfriend and be aroused , but she is more arousing then all the beautiful women in the world to me . she ... my internal landscape tends to feature a forest with different magical and mythical animals . in the middle of this forest lay my castle that looks like the empresses castle in the never ending story ... strength is wanting to break down in the face of adversity , but pushing that aside to do whats right . not letting someone tell you your wrong when you know your right . it's letting someone in and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPBwXKgDTdE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlTfYj7q5gQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wxOVn99FTE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVNjx4k8mWk and i also ... this time i got yellow , blue , and indigo . 10,9 , and 9 . it was interesting to take this again . i consider myself a lesbian . my default attraction is other people who identify as female . i don't care about biological sex if someone is living and identifies as female . because that is what they ... dear allergies , go away and do it now ! i don't want you and i never will ! go pester someone else ! preferably that annoying queen that who's neck i want to strangle . how the hell can he be a top ! ... '