what arguments ? there were none . you stated , but you didn't justify . all i read was a whiny rant that seemed like it was written by a frustrated 13 year old boy . powerful and compelling arguments ! i'm sure you've convinced everyone . pretty amazing by the way , ever thought about going into politics ? my eyes have been opened now , i see the light . it all makes sense ! ground breaking ! it's about fe and ni working together . fe cares about people and wishes for their happiness , and ni visualizes a precise plan in order to reach that happiness goal . basically in my case : i notice ... tourism & fun france ( my homeland , but i still did a lot of sight-seeing there , plenty of stuff to see . ) belgium germany england scotland netherlands switzerland greece please don't do it , you'll never ever be able to get better if you kill yourself . i have no idea what you are going through , i don't know about your sufferings , but what i do know is that often it ... pressure , coercion , or betrayal ? no way , i would never do that . surely some enfjs would , but they'd have to be on the dark side of the force , if you see what i mean . life is strange , great game so far , love it . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/d7/80/9c/d7809cb9ea7c501e5aa34072eca09107.jpg http://www.ohthosetwinks.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/post-20251-0-86791500-1360945950.jpg ... esfjs get such a bad rep on this forum . they are capable of kindness and cruelty just like any other type , albeit in a different way . sure , i know one or two real life examples of the stereotypical ... can i recommend french poets ? if so : baudelaire rimbaud verlaine mallarmé intense stuff . flawless http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/coasting.gif fabulous ... slytherin pride type 3 go ! type 1 ravenclaw - piscesfish gryffindor - thymic type 2 slytherin - living dead ravenclaw - sharkcorn lol , of course they do . they better make it fast before the excitement of it all drops and people move on to the next hype cool obsession . would the black widow or the mantis be good spirit animals for feminazism ? ok so it might be legal , but you will need mink and a 50 cm fan . at what temperature was the body cremated ? this is a very important detail . yup , read that one . it was one of the first books that really scared me too . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84LUpG6ieis it's because enfjs use fe-ni and esfjs use fe-si . both types have a different relationship with reality , past and traditions , they aren't going to judge the same way . well it has some gory parts . the ten plagues of egypt have nothing to envy to horror movies of today . that's the reason i mistyped as an infj first . it was quite hard to know where i got my energy from , because of the draining phenomena . but ultimately i realized afterwards that i got too much of a ... yes it is . i think you just need to make sure to tell your enfj that you aloofness is just part of your nature and that it does not mean in any way that you don't care for them or love them enough . a ... it depends on what you mean by that . enfjs are known to need sufficient time alone because they generally invest a great deal of energy into their relationships with people : friends and family but ... every enfj is going to be interested in the human psyche to some extent , they would not be out of place in psychological studies , so you are bound to found some of them there . that said , there's a ... you are probably right in both cases , i hadn't watched the series in a while . i rewatched some bits and your typing made more sense . http://wearelibertarians.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Baby.jpg i would tell you how i really feel about this , but you haven't completely cornered me yet . ;) yes it could mean that , i have trouble understanding fi sometimes , so it could simply indicate that jon is more mature and healthy than mance . i will look at him more closely from now on , to see ... oh my , don't take what i wrote too seriously , it was just one scene in one episode . he could also be a fi user of course . i just thought he could be fe because he kept putting the fate of the ... i just watched the first episode of the fifth season , and now i'm quite sure jon snow is a fe user and mance rayder is a fi user . that whole discussion about whether or not he should bend the knee to ... don't try pretend you don't love my fe : tongue : you're welcome , my dear internet pirate : wink : if you do you are going to have to wait a month to know what happens next when you will have finished the 4th one , i think just waiting for the episodes each week would be better . plus , i heard the ... why do you think laura is an fe dom ? anyway i think it's sure she uses si and ne . but i'm not sure of her type . she uses fi for sure , i can see infp , a very old and jaded infp . i see ... enfj convincing people to join a cult of koala worshippers . yes , i'm very motherly and protective and i act as such with my friends . when i can comfort them or help them i do it , because i love them and want them to be happy . having a problem with an enfj ... i always express my positive emotions , i don't see why i would not . negative emotions are different , i won't go crying into the first random stranger's shoulder about my fears , problems and worries , ... i sorta dated one a few years back , there's pros and cons like everything else . he was really smart , really focused and determined too . he had a quite the strong personality and rarely doubted he was ... i guess the cult leader is a stereotype i don't fit , the very idea of being one fills me with disgust . female enfj masculine : 66.667 feminine : 71.667 androgynous : 56.667 ha the thread lives once more ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36NnC4sgOOg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dK1_vm0FMAU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCFEk6Y8TmM i love art nouveau , klimt and mucha particularly . http://blog.flametreepublishing.com/Portals/293166/images/klimt%20the%20kiss.jpg http://www.awesomeart.net/mucha-imperial.jpg http://deliriumshots.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/2eiag.png yes , and they're not so much different from enfjs , quite a lot of similarities , so it's no wonder that you'd think about him . possible , people usually type him as infj though . but infjs are still fe aux , still strong fe users . the best example would be regina george from mean girls , esfj . i think the movie speaks for itself . manipulative , two faced , enjoying tormenting others . i think constance langdon from american ... http://i.imgur.com/SC12KIA.jpg congratulations ! :D just wanted to point out that the fact that someone is a fe-dom doesn't automatically makes them a good , thoughtful , considerate and caring person . i'm sure you can easily think about real life or ... i'm curious , did you mean by that that social 3s are unhealthy glory seeking douchebags ? or that the descriptions don't do social 3s justice because they describe them as unhealthy glory seeking ... i don't think someone who would come up with the übermensch could be a fe aux , his fi his very much there throughout his work .