' yes ! i'm also like this . when somthing catches my interest i dive into it and become an expert on it ! but i get easily bored and quickly find somthing new that interests me ... i don't like that about ... i took tests back in 2009 and always got an enfp but now i get en esfp in this test you linked and here on personality café i get an enfj ... but when i took the test you linked to and answered the ... thank you liontiger : happy : hahaha yes .. well i've been really depressed lately but the enfp really is me when i am myself and not shy and depressed like now ... i'm talking to a doctor now ( shrink right ? ) so i am gonna get ... i really like this thread ! it helps me learn more about me and really makes me believe i am an enfp :) thanks ! : laughing : i do get impatient if it's some information i need and just want the people to get to the point ! and also if it's something i couldn't care less about like cars or ... both ... : unsure : thanks : happy : .. but i am not native american so my english is not perfect .. do you know where i can find a site or a book that explains more what fi and ne and se and all ... for some months i have always thought i was an enfp .. atleast i took many tests and they always said i was an enfp . the destription of an enfp also fits me very well .. atleast how i was and felt some ... hahahaha happy happy happy ... yes ... it's all about having fun and happyness : laughing : it is true thought .. my new boyfriend ( not that i am always changing boyfriends hehe ) he says i'm always ... yes i agree with this ... almost all of my bestfriends are like that .. it sucks ... well i think i have one friend that isn't .. and she's also the only one that sometimes asks me if i want to meet or do ... mine too : laughing : like it ! : laughing : wow me 2 ! .. and often afterwards i feel so bad that i really wasn't interested and not really listening though the people thought i was ... : bored : hahaha nice ! i will ! then we have a dance contest ! ! : cool : hahaha okey ! thank you : crazy : wow .. what does that mean ? : mellow : thank you all ! you're very helpful : laughing : hello everybody ! : laughing : i really want to learn more about this ! especially my type first .. so i can understand me better .. so do any of you know any good books about this personality type ... i've sometimes thought the same .. i guess maybe you often just meet the wrong people ? cus i know a lot of people that listen also to what i have to say .. but still i know a lot of people that don't ... but still for me it's like i can't be stuck at home more then 3 days .. then i'm really frustrated and need to talk to people in person ... but sometimes i don't want to see people for a long time ( when ... i'm type a and i got 52 and they said the exact same thing to me as to you , marino so ... are we enfps bi-polar ? ? ? wow the same with me but spain is my love .. especially barcelona <3 and spanish .. uff that language makes me uff ... and now i'm gonna move to spain when i graduate :D on my own to start a new ... now i understand why i hate when people give me orders .. even my mother or my boss at work ! especially if i'm supposed to clean the toilettes ( or anything as low and shitty as that ;/ ) - i feel like ... yes ! thank you :) now i understand better . ok so i have a question ... i'm really confused : s i've taken probably 3 tests and always scored as enfp .. and my e is always really high about 80-90 % in the tests .. i'm still learning ... ufff .. i also feel like this often ! .. and silly thing is .. sometimes i just forget or get to lazy to do anything at home .. so i get more bored .. weird ... nevermind . oh my god ! : crazy : haha :P and i'm here when i want to be half alone ( cus this is a virtual socialized world .. the internet ) and recharging my batteries :P @ somedaydream : thank you ! and to you too .. welcome ;) ... uff hahahaha ! yeess .. i think i would be paranoid to : crazy : but i understand what you mean about seeing flirtation in the most polite interest from guys .. sometimes i confuse flirtation with ... hmmm ... ok ... why are you toying with us ? ? ? i think you misunderstood what i asked ? you are an enfp like me - so that's why i'm asking if it is common with enfps to not notice when ppl flirt with you .. ? or mistaken it with just being ... hey funkydorae . i can't send a pm to you cus i only have posted 8 posts . but anywhy here is my quiestion to you ( and if other people who see this know what i am talking about please answer if you ... ps . not noticing when somebody flirts with you - is that a enfp thing ? me 2 ! for a very long time i always thought ohh nobody flirts with me ;/ blablalba .. like that .. then few years later when i understood this flirty thing better i realized that plenty of guys had ... that is exactly how i always feel . i hate when i don't get feedback from people . especially if you were telling a really important story ( atleast it's important to you ) or a joke . i feel stupid if i ... i'm joining ! : laughing : i have been reading a lot of posts here for only 3 days and yes it's very informative ... have discovered so much about myself and found answers to why i behave like this :) thanks for this ... thank you for your warm welcome ... you all sound very nice . yes let's make a lot of babies ! ! and thank you for the kitten : laughing : hey and thanks all :) haha creamy or chunky ... coffee ? ? hey . i'm 18 years old female . i am an enfp . i'm really intrested in those personality thingys :) hope to learn more about myself and other people . nice to meet you all ! :p roud : '