' the whistleblower , and it was very very disturbing . i don't can't see the problem with both belief in god and evolution . for whoever follows the hebrew text of the bible , the name used for the creator throughout the first chapter of genesis is ... i tend to see them coming and give them the cold should from the get go when they try to engage me in initial conversation . i guess it's just an intuitive thing for me . so far it's panned out as i've ... maybe . two problems : 1 . why would she ( ? ) be holding the box with the mic to her ear in order to test it ? holding the little black box up to the mouth would make a lot more sense . 2 . body ... nice ... my first reaction was that it was an old style hearing aid . we can ask walt disney how it feels when they unfreeze him . maybe it is a time travelling man from the future in drag that really digs charlie chaplin movies enough to go to the premier . i'd like to hear your other explanations not with the one they're making , but it's not outside of the realm of possibility that if the one going forward works we might have figured out how to go back as well sometime in the future . it'll ... lol ... i thought she might be a little loopy and talking to herself , add to that maybe hard of hearing . it could be one of those horns they used to use as hearing aids and she's just talking to ... i'd be interesting in hearing thoughts about what the woman is really doing in this clip . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6a4T2tJaSU if he's really an estp i say hit him this one's a hard one to pin down . on the one hand i'm very optimistic about everything and know everything will be ok , even while i'm walking through the fires of hell . on the other hand i struggle ... the thing that annoys me the most is the major clash between being with an enfp in a one on one situation and being with one in a crowd . i have a really good enfp friend i used to work with , just ... yeah , although because it was permitted i didn't end up doing it very much . especially when all my friends got involved in drugs during high school . it just wasn't something that interested me . a ... it wasn't really a case of starting at any age , it was just part of what went on in the house on a regular basis . i was told they got me drunk when i was 2 to see what i would do , aside from that ... it wasn't tooo embarrassing , she had me stoned to often to really care about that . ha ... you just described my infp mom ( although she's not named sunshine , she did name my sister sky , so close enough i guess ) . what the hells he doing living with a married couple and sleeping beside their daughter in the first place ? i was just defining it for myself really , but longing is really spot on . one of the biggest problems is projecting . i don't really do it anymore ... ha ... probably why i'm not with anyone . i ... do you mean by ' believe if god ' as in having faith that god exists ? i don't believe in ' blind faith ' . i think it's just as accurate to say that god exists as to say god doesn't exist , both ... i'd have to say my favorite star wars movie is jay and silent bob strike back interesting thread . i'm personally lonely all the time . i think it would be good to define what loneliness is for me a little though , as most of the suggestions i've seen here , reading , writing , ... when you turn down the advances of the most gorgeous esfp imaginable because she's not an infp . i try and live in the moment when the moment seems important enough to me to focus on , but it's something i've had to teach myself and focus on doing , as it isn't natural to me . i don't know if ... lol ... maybe infp's have more issues to work out ;) or maybe they're just naturally expressive through writing down what it is they're thinking about . i really think you should just be yourself . you need to be clear with him that you're interested . infp's need clear signs sometimes to have the confidence to make the next move . if you feel like ... i agree with the waiting around for a kiss thing . you should call him if he doesn't call you , you may be the woman , but you are the enfp after all . i think you'll end up with semi crap that way . story line was above average , but not academy award stuff in my opinion . it's the visual's effects and sound that make the experience out of the ... i went to see it last night in 3d with someone i had to drag along because they can't stand fantasy / science fiction . i went more out of curiosity about the technology that was specifically ... welcome to the forum . great poem ! ! : laughing : not an infp but i would say focus on something you're passionate about in a positive way , even if you don't happen to be feeling positive at the time , a cause or something . there has to be something ... ha , i did this once for a girl at work . she was so sad and depressed all day long . when i finished work i sent her a dozen roses and a note that said something cheesy like , i hope this brightens up ... as a child my favorite was the hobbit and the lord of the rings ( my mom read them to me when i was 4 ) . also , where the wild things are , king arthur , robin hood , the narnia series , and the first ... ha .. i'm sure you are a genious . but what i meant was i found your definition interesting as it sheds light on how an isfp views idealism ( maybe only you , maybe more , i'll be following this thread to ... sorry , not an isfp . i just found you're definition of idealists interesting , i've never run across it being defined as perfectionist tendencies . he sounds pretty enfp to me , even the mushy stuff . i have enfp friends like that . she quickly grabbed the mushrooms before they were able to form battle formations , and chocolate fondued them ... yum . i hate random crowds and crowd noises . i'll actually go way out of my way to avoid them . still pondering this , she slid down the rainbow into the big pot of gold covered chocolate at the bottom . it sounds like it's something that has been building up inside you for a long time so it was bound to come out at some point sooner or later . i think it's good that it did finally come out . maybe now ... ha ... i'm not an infj but this happens to me all the time . kind of annoying sometimes actually , i'm never able to go anywhere and just sit down and enjoy a good cup of coffee and a book without ... i can totally read other enfp's and infp's i'm with , as they can read me , it's not exactly telepathic usually , just a natural understanding of what makes the other tick . i have had a few that ... if you liked that one i think you'll also like the ones of water particles magnified from the same book . you can find them on youtube . for those of you not up to speed on uk slang : noun1.snogging - ( british informal ) cuddle and kiss caressing , cuddling , fondling , hugging , kissing , petting , smooching , snuggling , necking - ... definately the wallflower sitting in the corner nursing my beer watching everything happen around me . in general i just find the conversation to boring to get involved in , unless i've been drinking ... welcome to the forum , infp's always welcome here . ha ... take that wannabgonzo always . can't remember ever not doing it . i can't say it usually puts me to sleep though . i usually lay dazed and off in another world for at least an hour before i nod off . that's only when i've ... mom : infp dad : enfp best friends : infp ( f ) enfp ( f ) enfp ( m ) infj ( m ) entp ( m ) a cooked goose for everyone , a cooked goose , whoops wrong holiday . happy thanksgiving . for me it's less of a social thing and more of the way things effect me in general , a lot of things that infp's would take to heart just seem to bounce off me . when i do take something to heart ... '