' accurate . though certain of my dominant fi , i often test as intp , likely due to my mathematics training / career . and , i have been happily / crazily together with my intj for like ever . actualized ... infps are considered to be excellent listeners . dario nardi writes in neuroscience of personality : nardi found that infps can hold this whole-brain listening state for ten minutes or more . ... having been with my intj for like ever , below are some of my observationsx 85 similarities : independent x96 neither of us has a role model . for the most part , we are not influenced by societal ... i am grateful for collecting courage . and for the resultant glimmer of congruence between my interior and exterior . my intj boyfriend and i had been a couple for four years . we were driving through the southeastern us , returning from a christmas visit with my family . our car conversation drifted to marriage . we ... the feeling of being misunderstood more regularly and more readily than others is not a mere figment of the infp imagination nor a symptom of the so-called special snowflake syndrome . this claim of ... if anything , ix92d like to read more of your take . intj passion backed by the excellence of their thoroughness is a beauty to behold . thank you for sharing your insight . the point of the study is that the addictive nature of some foods / eating and the effects upon the brain render impotent constructive criticism such as , x93just eat less and exercise . x94 that is the ... constructive criticism must be rooted in knowledge , for if one does not understand the problem , the constructive part of the criticism is nonexistent . now that alcoholism is more understood , giving ... though you clarified slender and in good shape , i want to emphasize that slender is neither synonymous with healthy nor is good health exclusive to a slender physique . while i too would be classified ... i like to grocery shop only when not bound to a list . rather than decide on a recipe / meal to prepare in advance and then purchase needed ingredients , i prefer to browse freely and be inspired by ... my intj husband and i both limp along in the practical aspects of grownup living . sometimes , it is as if we are playing a game of chicken to see who will yield to dreaded tasksx 97i am the usual loser ... though i x93discoveredx94 the enneagram many years ago , only within the past year or so have i been confident that i have correctly identified my type . though i was drawn to the essence of the bohemian , ... the original quote to which i responded read : every single infp female that i have met cries so easily ! ! ! my posts address the so easily aspect as an inaccurate stereotype , backed by jung's fi ... i do not assert that infps do not cry . nor did i write that fi equates to emotion or that infps are cold and unapproachable . you are replying to a continuation of a conversation . if you will go ... i am not sure of its relevance / necessity to this conversation , but i will acknowledge that i am a christian with deeply-held faith . however , i find that these sorts of admonishments further promote ... more and more in online forums , i notice this trend of written injunctions to restrain potential criticism / debate . implicit in posting one ’ s beliefs / opinions to a public forum is the acceptance of ... true neutral a true neutral character does what seems to be a good idea . he doesn't feel strongly one way or the other when it comes to good vs . evil or law vs . chaos . most true neutral ... a recent obsession — flannery o ’ connor ’ s short story , the river , which just won ’ t let go of me . the self that is depicted in the images does not seem vulnerable to me . i get no sense of yielding , but rather a sense of power and aggression . it is as if the physically injured self is , in truth , ... rose for a heart : core type 6 , unsure of wing / stacking . though the photos depict violence toward the self , the overwhelming feeling i perceive is one of accusation ( which naranjo lists as a ... i have not had my type questioned by others . i researched extensively and invested in serious self-questioning before i felt comfortable / confident deciding what type fit me easily and naturally . ... crying is the shedding of tears in response to an emotional state . again , such outward display of emotion is contrary to fi . mistypes / mistyping abound . this is in direct contradiction to jungx 92s description of the introverted feeling type and , as many infps have stated in this thread and others , does not ring true . since this type appears rather ... no need to go into the fallacies of your premise , e . g . , you do not know the majority of infps . funny how folks assert their individual perception as fact . hence , the need for this thread . the core of my growing health is self-acceptance , supported by my relinquishment of sj and t focused indicators of progress and success . some move in lines ; i move in circles , and that does not make ... that infps are ditzy bees possessing limited intelligence . a study ground in statistical analysis found infp to be among the four most common personality types represented in the “ gifted ” ... if the issue with the x93infpsx94 is a matter of safety , a supervisor / manager need address the matter . infps , in the same vein as other average / healthy mbti types , will accept constructive criticism . ... funny how folks refuse to accept this reasoning in regard to terrorist acts and instead choose to condemn an entire religion . gosh , i just love how you specify your wife in each of your gratitude lists <3 yes . the writing style hints at perhaps a non-native english speaker ; a bit of latitude is helpful . ditto . freedom of speech is irrelevant here ; no one suggested that she be thrown in prison : rolleyes : i find it funny that those who espouse the sovereignty of personal opinion are the selfsame folks who ... i fell backward , by way of my own shove . i made the mistake . i , one totally intolerant of her own shortcomings , slipped once more into my self-destructive pattern , my familiar refusal of better . ... outranking my appreciation for fashion , houses are my primary aesthetic obsession . i am drawn to modern architecturex 92s strong lines and generous use of glass , and yet , i cannot forgo the romance of ... yep , lots of people make assumptions and judgments about others based on superficial aspects that have nothing to do with one ’ s character or personality , whether it be their cars , clothing , ... i have witnessed at least two of the person-car pairings that you listed as oddities , without batting an eyelash . i grew up on a farm and i was that very small feminine girl driving a 4wd chevy ... perfectly said . thank you . my husband and i both drive luxury cars . my intj husband ’ s reasoning is based on performance and quality , while i am drawn to the exterior aesthetics and interior ... this absolutely does not work for me . my husband continues to be perplexed by my refusal of repetition when faced with a dilemma similar to one that i successfully have navigated in the past . for me , ... 1 ) how do you experience nostalgia ? i have been surprised by the answers to this question for i am not nostalgic — at all . i do not experience memories in terms of concrete , sensory images , but ... throughout the semester , we spoke only before and after class , punctuated by the exchange of silly notes / doodles during lecture . we did not study together nor hang out — we did not even exchange phone ... long-term partner of intj here . despite prevailing infp stereotypes , i do not tend toward the mushy , gushing romantic . disclaimer tossed aside , i am shamefully in love with our meet cute . ... agreed . though some argue for hate as a motivator for good , the harnessing of hatred is not ever without casualty . though hitler is the default delegate of the negative extremity of human ... not so fast . they neither shine nor reveal themselves . since they submit the control of their lives to their subjectively orientated feeling , their true motives generally remain concealed . their ... i do not understand your point . adjusting one's behavior based upon ingratitude / mistreatment by another is a typical human trait , not the exclusive domain of this so called nice guy ... i care for my long-term intj partner in ways that are sincere , attentive , and unobtrusive . examples : 1 ) he is overwhelmed by the 24/7 news blitz ; he no longer visits news sites ( save for espn ) ... i have limped through writer ’ s block for years , experiencing diminished mental and physical health when unable to write for long stretches . i like writing only in the sense that one likes taking ... my life is subject to an absurd adverb … almost . rest ! copper-coated copter flies with intention . he knows just where he is headed , no energy-bleeding , hope-wasting hither and thither . his aim is there — that slit of space formed by the ... i don ’ t view dark as synonymous with bitter , cynical , negative . on occasion , i have been described as dark when i have displayed an acceptance , an ease , with topics that many deem taboo in polite ... you are not being too analytical . you are being thoughtful and honest ( and perhaps unintentionally , hope-restoring ) . reading this thread , i lamented the prospects for the single folks out there , and ... '