' i'm in toronto . actually if there are enough intps i don't mind meeting up at all . what ? how ? care to elaborate ? so far i've thought of myself as an introvert . therefor , the last time i changed my type ( my idea / belief about my type ) was from infp to intp . now i'm starting to think i might just be a shy ... thanks for the replies guys ! specially mr . x and enfj 7997 thanks for taking the time to write all that :) i've noticed a trend where certain types of people ( whom i suspect are all nfs ) speak about spiritual themes , relating to energy , the universe , trusting your inner guide , etc . examples : ... hehe , i wish ! i'm 28 , and only started to learn these concepts a couple years ago .. and i'm still having a hard time applying them to myself . but thanks :) from an intp who's been through this sort of shit before , let me tell you man : this is not love , this is insecurity and attachment . if you're not comfortable in your own skin , and if you can't ... omg .. spot on ! i hope so .. but i'm afraid she got tired of soul searching .. and found alcohol to be a great escape . one time she wrote on facebook : the only problem is that you guys are sober ... really . ... the sad thing is , i didn't . she's the one who ended it , with a huge fight ( again , over nothing ) . the whole fight i was trying to be calm , and thought i shouldn't lose her . but she kept provoking ... haha , of course , i left out tons of shit . now that i spent more time analyzing the events , and after talking to a couple of other people involved , it seems to me that she was only having fun with ... and ... it ended badly .. very badly . this is all anonymous and stuff , but i feel i should update the happy story . only two weeks after i posted that she started acting very strange . i ... is it typical for an unhealthy enfj to exhibit manipulative behavior without realizing that they are being manipulative ? of course . actually i was struggling with this idea , that me posting this somehow means she's awesome only because she's enfj , but that's not really the case , she really is just awesome because she ... a few months ago i bumped into an enfj ( female ) . she's the * most * generous , loving , charming , supportive , caring person i've ever met in my entire life . we became very good friends in a short ... i checked the thread start date for april fools , sadly it was posted today ( april 13 ) phrases that show understanding , respect , and love . i would've responded with i love you as an example phrase , but it doesn't always show understanding or respect . sometimes you can hear that ... i think it's a good match in theory , at least for the intp . i wonder what infjs think about it . the reason i think it works is we have the same attitude for t / f functions and this is crucial to ... hello infps i used to think i'm one of you , but then i reached a conclusion that i'm more of an intp . ( http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/62701-what-exactly-f-am-i-really-infp.html ) ... nice to see another one from iraq on personality cafe ! ( you're the only one i know - other than myself ) . i grew up muslim and was somewhat devout for many years . i only got away from it about a ... i want to do an interaction video with an infp to chat about fi and ti , what they are and how they are different , and generally contrast the intp and infp personalities . anyone interested ? ( msg me ... what does that make you ? hmm .. ambivalent deist ? are you talking about a designer / creator , or just simply a powerful-spirit / great-being sort of thing ? dude this was very fun to watch ! fourth video still broken though .. yup , the google hangout way is much better ! also this way we have the entire 1hr + conversation :) not having the split screen is a minor annoyance ( we have split thumbnails ) . i mean , yes i ... my isfp sister is into more dark and hardcore anime ( death note ) and even outside anime ( game of thrones ) . the way i explain it is : i use a * lot * of ti in my line of work ... actually i'm 27 ( 10 years older than you ) . you implied that you have no plans to go college . hm , don't your stj parents want you to go to university ? :) it's a lot of fun , given that you pick a ... hmmm . are you going to college ? if so , i'd suggest arranging it so you live in the dorms or whatever . ( a hack to live on your own ) . well , you need to demand that they respect your ... how old are you ? my dad is estj , and it's not the sj or stj per se that's annoying ; it's the fact he's te-dom . he wants to control everything , and it drives me crazy to no end . unfortunately i ... ( this is not going to be pretty ) . i'm not sure why i'm writing this . i'm probably just ranting . i worked with a small company for a few months , and the de-facto boss was an entj . at first i ... yea me neither . i got entj vibes from her . i didn't see any ne or fe . trvlgrl 1981 are you sure you're an entp and not an entj ? your mannerisms remind me a lot of an entj coworker / boss i had . if you want discipline , work in construction . at least you can walk out anytime ( whenever you get tired ) . you will learn a few things .. ( including : never do this again ) . maybe it's te ? maybe te types aren't always in tune with what's implied - they want it explicitly mentioned in words . just a maybe .. i have feelings too . we all do . i even thought i was infp for a long time . what a terrible stereotypes .. that intps are robots ! ! antahon x01660 are you fucking kidding me ? don't generalize your sociopathy to the type , kthxby username that was a terrible test , please don't base your personality type on that . i've been thinking , maybe .. ti is actually stupid it seems deep because it spends alot of time thinking about stuff but ask me something new on the spot .. i choose agnostic simply because there wasn't anything else that could describe me from that list . i don't identify myself by beliefs relating to the existence and / or nature of the creator of the ... dman , i'm late to the party just recorded something and wanted to post it quick . i'm not sure if the subject has changed by now , but i skimmed this last page and it seems we're still just doing ... designing caves ? yea i have the same thing ! ! i want to be surrounded by people who are socializing with each other , and are open to talking with me . but , i don't want to talk too much with them . i just want to be ... ( note : haven't yet read the rest of the thread ) i do , when i don't have other people to discuss things with and bounce ideas around ( i . e . when ne feels suppressed ) . it's kinda like analysis ... i feel bad for rebecca black getting bullied by the whole internets this is just a random braindump , please treat it as such ! it hasn't been thoroughly thought out . just had this realization / idea . i think why i'm so interested in this whole mbti thing is that , as ... me was one though now that i think of it i was just overly romantic as soon as the love started dying off i became more detached and less interested in pleasing the people around me at the beginning i found it very frustrating too , but now i kinda enjoy it and really want to get better . i still find it frustrating . there's plenty of metaphorical blood and sweat and tears . but ... do you think the game of go appeals more to ntps or ntjs ? or both equally ? the title of this thread should be intp porn i want to develop my fe . i want to be better at socializing and have more friends a few days ago a watched an anime called nijuu mensou no musume ( the daughter of twenty faces ) . nijuu mensou no musume - myanimelist.net the main character ( a girl ) might be an intp chizuko ... the intp in scoinocs is the same as the intp in mbti . you can verify this in a few ways , first of all , the test : the questions for p / j are exactly the same as they are in the mbti test . ... actually , in socionics , intp + enfp = illusionary relationship ( yes , intp in socionics is the same as intp in mbti , what's different is the meaning of the cognitive functions , socionics ni = mbti ... '