' yeah , er , i fortunately am a bit too logical to waste my time on useless guys who just want to hook up , lol . making bad choices in guys and later trying to change their habits has never been ... i've heard of that one a few times . never read it , but judging from the title ... i'm guessing it has the same problem this one did , lol . they definitely do ! i'd settle for a simple one-page list of mistakes and their likely effects . of course , that would reduce everyone's advice to a simple one-size-fits-all thing similar to what the ... * didn't say anything about hooking up * http://31.media.tumblr.com/51b5652799044d26ecf045c973721a77/tumblr_mxx6phmOkT1sx6qfeo6_250.gif i'm sure i've heard that name somewhere before ... but nah , i've definitely never read rousseau . : laughing : oh my god , i am laughing so hard right now . : laughing : mbti isn't accurate . none of these things are . i think of them as somewhat-more-descriptive adjectives . rather than having one simple ... they had several classes together in high school , whereas we just had one together , and from what i remember they always did group projects together and things ... so , yeah . they probably know one ... i second this , so much . a common misconception about intjs is that we don't have deep feelings - but i think it's that we know enough about ourselves to understand that our feelings run extremely ... there's a guy that i've been talking to . i've dated him once , almost dated him a second time but got nervous and went into hermit mode ( i . e . , stopped talking to him ) before we could discuss it . i'm ... holy shit . my score is 29 . authority : 7.00 self-sufficiency : 5.00 superiority : 4.00 exhibitionism : 4.00 exploitativeness : 3.00 vanity : 2.00 entitlement : 4.00 well , my opinion as a female intj is that love trumps just about everything else . however , if i have to change my dreams - say , push traveling to the back burner to get married and have kids right ... i'm not often angry , because i usually have the prudence to step back and observe the situation before it gets bad . irritated , though ? i'm irritated a lot of the time - and i guess it's probably ... i second insolitude and acidicwithpanic . i do this so often my best friend has dubbed it hermiting ( lol ) . judging from the looks of these other replies , i'd say this is normal intj behavior ... i'm eighteen . if i was looking for a husband right now , i'd be stunting any future personal growth / educational / success potential i might have . btw , i totally disagree with the if you want a ... either intjs can be protective siblings at times , or i'm not an intj . whenever my two siblings quarrel with each other , it seems they run to me , and i get involved in working out their ... 1 . only when i think the person in question is worthy of my time . usually it's people in my very large extended family that i'm more inclined to help . otherwise ... meh . i dunno . i might pick up a ... people who complain about their lives and do absolutely nothing to change them . they don't formulate plans , they don't put those plans into action ... they just sit around and complain as if ... 1 . no - at least not in my experience . if they were abusive , yes , but i've been fortunate enough to have had decent relationships in the past . if it ends with an argument of some sort , then i'd do my ... i have two best friends leftover from high school . one of them sent me a japanese music video and wrote little stories a lot with me ( shared interests ) . the other and i used to take turns bringing ... my sister called my meh smile derpy , actually . : laughing : it's not unrealistic . or at least i hope not , because that sounds almost like what i'm trying to work toward . dunno how these attachment thingies work yet , so the image might not show up . but yeah : my sister likes photography , and had me be her model for the day . unfortunately for her , i gave up on trying to ... sometimes i wonder what the hell i'm thinking . i could do better than this : i could do better than this place , his tiny house in the middle of the woods , these one or two friends , this one guy that ... me : goodbye , friend ! friend : goodbye , [ me ] ! i'll call you when i get home safely ! me : if you die on the way , come back and haunt me so i know whether there's an afterlife or not ! friend : ... exercise-wise , i aim for running anywhere from two to four miles a day ( i've ran six or eight before , but that's rare enough that i don't think it deserves a mention ) . i do a lot of sitting because i ... i learned to belly-dance a few years ago , stopped for about a year , and now i'm getting back into it ( it's hell relearning everything ) . i also tend to dance around the house a lot , when i'm cleaning ... yeah , it's totally a book for esfjs . when i gave her the book back , i asked her why she recommended it - just out of curiosity more than anything . evidently , she hoped i would read the chapters ... i grit my teeth , get out alone somewhere , then describe my feelings to myself and decide whether or not they're logical , and what i'm going to do to solve whatever problems are causing my feelings ... intj female . istp male . i believe it was due to the rampant sexual attractiveness of the type in question . well , to break it down : the fact that he could fix mechanical things ( which i can't do ) , ... 1 ) failure . 2 ) prospect of failure . 3 ) sad or epic orchestral music , particularly if it includes violins or strong percussion . dunno if this is for everyone , though . thanks ! you're an entj ? we share three letters ! * cough * yeah ... identifying with other people , not exactly my strong suit , lol . deist . i raised myself polytheistic ( hellenist ) though - and i'm still pretty fond of that religion . i'm known to keep shrines simply for the going through the process of the ceremonies , for no ... oh , i'm the absolute queen of smalltalk . do i like it ? not particularly . but i can do it - so i don't think intjs are that bad at it . and , for my part , i happen to have known several istps who ... did guys find you attractive when you were in high school , or college ? when i was in high school , several guys liked me . i received several love letters , and several people asked me out . all but ... so , my esfj mom suggested this book to me . i've no idea why i ordered it up , honestly : maybe because i'm desperate to figure out how to handle relationships , and glimpsed steve harvey once or twice ... thank you , robotic-voiced mistercafebot who i strongly suspect may be automated ... ? lol . angelcarnivore i just took a bunch of personality tests this morning to get my profile filled out in a ... hiya ! okay , i introduced myself with too much enthusiasm . don't want to come on too strong , eh ? : tongue : anywho : i've been haunting this forum for ages , reading helpful / entertaining threads ... dear istp : why is it that i always wait until months after i cut you out of my life to realize that i hurt your feelings , what i could've said to un-hurt them , and how much i actually loved you ? i ... ah , i had this same problem after my aunt died . what i did was : i just thought about it . i thought about it , thought about , rolled it over and over in my mind - until eventually i was so used to ... ah ! i forgot to look at the functions . * facepalm * going by those ... still intj , definitely . i found a function-based intj profile that suits me perfectly . you reminded me of something i ... i'm pretty sure i'm either an intj or entj , but i'm open to other opinions , if anyone has any . so , to summarize myself in a nutshell ( as best as i can ) . i usually tend to think for a few ... '