' i always hear people saying i'm cute ... ( even though i'm not infj , decided to post ) i think it's because i'm quiet , tiny , have high-pitched voice , and try not be a bad human being . i know only one istp ... she's like my childhood friend . she's really cool , that no-nonsense , blunt and confident kind , but so nice and gentle if you only look closer . i really admire her ability with ... awn , what can i say ... i usually feel empathy for people . i was discussing this kind of thing with a istp friend other day , actually , and we came to the conclusion that as soon as you see how people ... that wouldn't be if you are looking for homeless people ? o . o i can't imagine what an intj would be doing under a bridge ... sure ! i'm really not emotive , and i never cry watching sad movies , but one day i was watching contact , and that scene when the galaxy , and the stars , appear all around was just so beautiful i ... tss , you aren't keeping up with the research news ... ! it was already done - i'm smiley ~ : wink : and lap size and huggable , so it looks like i was designed exactly to be your perfect cute robot ! i ... i am . sometimes i see i'm being a little bit too self-centered , then i try to pay more attention to other people . but usually it's not a problem , then it's okay . yeah , it's like that with my father ... really ? my mom is surely a sensor , too , and f , sometimes she's really emotional . i think like that , too : i don't know exactly how to respond , and i don't think ... well , i guess it could be worse , too ... we are usually occupied with our own stuff - studying / computer / books / talking with each other for me and my sister , working for my dad and out / tv / ? for my ... this looks just lovely . rarely fight ? everyone using arguments ? i get along really well with my sister , but our parents never stop bickering and fighting when they are both home . i can talk to my ... i don't think about mbti when i'm creating my characters ( just find fun trying to guess their types later ) , but i noticed that after i started reading a little about mbti , my characters did start to ... why don't you try to research villains , or create some more traits for your character first , instead of focusing on the personality type he must have ? don't know , maybe you just don't want to pour ... i ... well , i'm not sure about what we are intrinsically , like , our natural inclinations ? our essence ? but all people i see are good , at least a little . for example , there was this teacher of mine ... something like strong ( or manly ) and sweet . intj 1w2 i'm a cutie thing . some make-up and a cosplay dress , and people are falling at my feet or covering their eyes having cuteness provoked spasms . i don't know if you can call 5 foot tall , tiny and doll ... intps snapping - seen it a couple times from close distance . it's crazy . she's always so rational and easy to talk to , but then suddenly she was yelling and crying and had to leave her alone because ... then ... morality tests don't need to be like real life ... : confused : okay , i think i get the idea of determining moral leanings ... but it just seems so odd to me : how can you test a thing like ... i know you should answer it as if it were real ... but isn't that the problem ? it isn't real . and everyone knows it isn't real ... so won't be it influencing your answer , too ? not necessarily ... um , can i say something that might not be the point or might just be irrelevant for everyone else ? but don't anyone think that these morality tests have kinda a little flaw in them - like , it's so ... my father is istj and my mother esfp - i made them take the test once . i'm intj and my little sister is intp . my sister is my soul-twin , and the rest is confusing . tsunemori akane , from psycho pass . she's perfect - perfect combination of cute cupcake , tough , efficient and doesn't compromise what she knows is right . i'm not sure about my favorite male character , ... it happens to me all the time , but i never really try to have this kind of dream ... i have lucid dreams since ... i was older than four or five , maybe ? can't even remember ... not all my dreams are ... hm ... i don't think your point of view is exactly correct and objective , honestly ... really , the more i talk to people , the less i find most of them traditional , boring and dumb - at least , not all ... hey , intj aren't all like this ... we aren't - and we don't pretend to be - all perfect and flawless and better at everything ... and why all this competition , people ? look , i have a intp friend who is ... hi . i think you should really pay attention to the posts above , and we probably aren't able to offer a solution to your friend . but , don't know , if you want something more like a we feel ya , bro , ... omg , i just came back to see this post now ... and almost no one i know watches that anime to be able to recognize the character ! thank you . lol , ah , probably ... sorry , i'm always around f people since i was born , and sometimes they accused me of being a robot and not caring about them - and , since i can't change the robot face , i ... um , like when someone helps you with something and you appreciate that , but you're ina really happy moment , and , to be emphatic , you say you love them . : happy : is there any other option of ... and thank you for that ! i wouldn't have noticed it other way ... will it be odd if i say how much love you for that ? yes , i noticed it after i'd posted it and was getting the replies ... it was kinda of a silly mistake xd the more coeherent view of the image of machine would be something like efficiency in work ... i feel cold when people start telling me they are think about killing themselves , or they self-harm , or hate themselves ... cold like scared . i don't know what i should do , maybe because i'm not a ... wow , exactly that , thank you . but i didn't say i found them stupid or exaggerated ... i said just that i wanted to understand , and i thought just that saying you'd have to sell your kidneys was a little exaggerated in a ... and you are talking of something like working hard all day , using all your mental / physical / emotional capacity to do it , and the level to which you exhaust yourself in the process , right ? and what ... interesting links ... i'd never really read about freud's ideas , just heard about them . he is rather criticised , isn't he ? any link / book reccomendation of a contrary opinion or critics about his work ? ... ah , sorry , i assumed that you can know when you're using 100 % ( honestly , i'm getting tired of repeating that , any idea of an alternative way of expressing this ? ) . not noticing is very likely , too . ... wtf ? i thought i'd lost that message ? ! t-t damn , all the trouble writing it all again ... no way ? lol sure of that , can you prove it ? just kidding , thank you for your reply . i agree with the last part . but , again , i'm not suggesting anything extreme , that would do damage to your health , ... can't use 100 % ? lol sure , can you prove it ? just kidding , thank you for the reply and your opinion . i agree with the last part . but , again , i'm not suggesting something extreme that would do ... really ? please explain this to me . i do want to understand it , but , ok , 75 in a test , for example , is enough for you ( and for anyone who isn't obsessed with grades , i suppose ? ) , however , if you know ... really ? please explain this to me . i do want to understand it , but , ok , 75 in a test , for example , is enough for you ( and for anyone who isn't obsessed with grades , i suppose ? ) , however , if you know ... wow , sorry , i didn't expect so scientifically correct answers about machines ... i had just thought of it first as a general analogy ... but it gets quite interesting this way :) um , so , i hadn't ... so , if you were a machine , would you be operating in what capacity ? 100 % ? lower ? i was thinking , don't you have that impression of a much better , youer you , or an unused potential deep inside - ... winter . it's not so cold where i live , but there's a really chilly strong wind , and the air is sharp and clean . and i love that sensation of cold against my cheeks ~ don't know , hot days seem to drain ... i feel like i've passed high school half-asleep ... it wasn't nice , but it didn't hurt that much . i don't know , i was a little lonely at first , but then i found a couple really nice friends and just ... - stories that just have that flow , that keep you glued - taking classes - clouded , cool days - that moment when you're in a higher place and see a storm coming close - fresh orange juice - ... awn , i love intp to death . so adorable , and funny and quirky ... sometimes even too much , some are a little creepy , but mostly they are nice . my sister is intp and , she does know how to annoy me , ... um , i see ... well , then maybe . :) if it were like this , i could come up to you suddenly like if we were besties , too . i think ... maybe the point is the time , really . i can't speak for all other ... uh ... but i didn't say after i'm dead ... sorry , i think you misunderstood a little . i meant to say in the long run ... after some time , i would surely be dead , and ( unless the world ends just ... sorry , i wanted to answer , but i can't . t-t i think the point would be in what i did , not in what people would be going to think ( or not ) of it . so , either one of them , or none , wouldn't make a ... '