' haha , my heart is just warmed that i could of been seen as retarded as a child . thank you for the relevant content , it's reminded me of many times in school where i was singled out for not paying ... http://www.verk.dk/blog/strategy/files/2009/09/winchester_mystery_house_san_jose_ca_001.jpg interesting but full of stairways and doors that lead to nothing . nobody understands it . why start now ? i just started eating a pad thai and tofu noodle bowl from trader joe's . i love you so much joe . i don't see why mental conditions can't form or have some role in influencing personality . i don't believe conditions can be explained away by comparing them to mbti categories but if they may have a ... i thought about wanting to , with the way the post meter is a percentage it makes you feel incomplete if you're not but i realized i'm never going to have enough relevant things to say to have 1 + post ... you're not funny . stop trying to make jokes .. nobody understands them .. you have bad joke syndrome and it makes me angry . i get stuck in an online rut often too ... when i'm not i'm usually doing something creative that i do when i get an idea . i get a design idea for crocheting or i think of something to draw . i hear a ... i recently told my istj mate that i could never talk to him about my abstract intp thoughts because when i want to share my ideas he takes the opposite side and immediately puts it down under his ... i'm an hour from cincinnati , i don't know anyone from there but i could see that happening . i guess many people don't know they have an accent until someone mentions it to him . i know somebody that ... i like to draw people and things that are round without straight lines . i liked anime for awhile but then i got into realism . i like watercolor but i don't have any scanned . this is all i have right ... bleh taking cute animals and urbanizing them should be a crime , like shark tale . will smith's fish character made me cringe . i would recommend this too , this is the way i met my introverted mate and he easily communicated with me when he wouldn't of done so face to face verbally . it takes the fear out of talking to someone ... an intp perspective i feel bad for inanimate objects like yesterday i opened the freezer and thought aww all of these frozen bags of food have been in here for months in the cold and dark . then ... sometimes when people meet me they ask me what country i'm from because i have a funny accent . really i'm from ohio and i grew up watching bbc . i get spurts of motivation but most times instead of doing it i sit around and think about how i'd do it then i end up losing that excited feeling that gave me motivation and don't do it . if i ... so i was flipping through channels and it said that on tyra there is a woman that eats baby powder . i never watch tyra and while i'm watching i find that she thinks she's a psychologist and tells ... i've always been this way it can be very frustrating . i started to try to write my thoughts in a notebook but they don't translate to paper , too abstract . also “ if you understood everything i say , ... and then / than ! from what you said it looks like you're taking this friendship way more seriously than the intp is . it's just like ... it's just like ... a mini ... mall http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKK-WWwcQME=1 i hear conversate quite a bit , say converse , converse ! my name is common and i never felt like i was common . in school when there are other people in your class with the same name they tack on your last name's initial . people saw me as i was in a ... my entj sister has 3 elementary aged children , she is the type of mom that rules with an iron fist . she is very fair though and her kids well behaved .. she doesn't let them waste anything . what i am ... i guess cheese is rotten milk anyway it can't be that bad at least it was food but so is what's on the toilet seat . rotten cheese . would you rather eat a human butt raw or a face ? when i discovered sudoku i played it for hours at a time but now i'm done with it , like all games i figure them out and the interest is gone . 1 ) jazz 2 ) reality ( social observance ) 3 ) introspection 4 ) brain chemistry 5 ) agnostic ( church of i don't know ) here's some incomplete thoughts on this : i have noticed a trend in me that begins with having a great day , i get a lot done , i feel great and then suddenly i feel the worst without a clear ... i do this too , i imagine most people have a selective image of themselves , at least i believe people say that's a bad picture of me quite often for the same reason . they like pictures that are ... this reminds me of the exfx family members that have expected me to call them about oh say a year ago and i still have yet to do so without any intention of doing it . they are going to be pissed the ... i also thought that i wasn't quite developed right because of dysfunctional upbringing , influences , and what have you . i began to analyze myself more than usual and while i always accepted myself to ... i identify with this alot . my cats are like room mates or friends that live with me . i value them more than other humans , if it came to saving my cat or a stranger you know i'd let that guy fall to ... goblin sharks are the stuff my nightmares are made of . http://www.gifbin.com/bin/112009/1258994411_icky_hand.gif it told me it wants to live , viva la thread . in the north it's the same for bugs , the winter takes care of it . that's right lost was great until i just started to expect the opposite , it had me really enjoying the surprise for awhile . i would suggest ( if you haven't tried already ) to tell him you value sharing his experience and advice but you are not his employee and he is not paying your salary . i assume he values respect highly ... i think i know what your talking about , i wear thrift store older style clothes and something i crocheted like a poncho . i also like scarves in my hair which i don't see much . old lady style woo ... my sister is an entj married to an exfp . after observing them for some years i find myself always saying i don't know how he stands her because she is constantly putting him in line , calling out his ... the illusionist reminded me of a great movie that was completely unpredictable to me , the prestige . when i was young it was scooby doo , 90 % of the time knew who it was and lately it feels like ... one of the only people i've ever had a long standing grudge with is an estj . it didn't help that she was my boss at 2 different jobs and my sister-in-law . i could sense her irritation with me not ... i get 80 % of my clothes from thrift stores because to me it is just the logical frugal choice . they are just as good as new and only a few dollars . i buy retail if on clearance very once in awhile ... i am so intp that i met my significant other online and was exclusive with him for 4 years before we met , now we live together . i think that online dating was ideal for me and i wasn't looking for it ... i enjoy the pros of being female intp , feeling special and weird . my significant other appreciates that i'm different than other women and makes me feel one of a kind . i have a hard time with female ... a couple weeks ago my istj boyfriend asked me to write everything i thought in a day down in a notebook . by the end of the day i had three pages , it was a few human / animal nature theories , thoughts ... batman has always been my favorite for the following reasons : ingenuity , intelligence , focus , determination , skill , reservation he wasn't born with powers he was born with money and with that he ... that strikes me as a dumb thing to say after you ask this question . i don't like to drive because i know the serious consequences of just being on the road and when i do drive i am very careful not ... i get this all the time with my istj . it's highly annoying and i can never remember exactly what he said because i never address him as soon as it happens . i try to tell myself that i need to stop ... to my istj guy , valentine's day isn't a very big deal and i always bring it up first . he sees what my expectations are and meets them . if i expected nothing he might get me a flower but because i get ... mine is also a problem still . when i found that this is an actual condition i felt quite relieved to identify it and isolate it . i could put my finger better on what had plagued my entire social ... '