i always do that . i take as much as i think is reasonable and then wham ! i never tell the person outright but i cut them off forever and nothing changes my mind about them . so i dont think ... rd93 so how do you use si , exactly ? i've always been interested in finding out what exactly differentiates enfj and esfj because i thought at a time that i was esfj . i know that i use ni in ... dear enfp , would it kill you to make the attempt to stay in touch with your friends ? or making a plan and sticking to it ? when i say we leave at 9 , i mean we leave at 9 . not at 9:30 . when i say , ... im curious as to what the difference is attributed to . i'm an enfj and while i was a kid , i used to just accept rules . but as i became a teen i couldn't accept rules or social guidelines without ... because when you're underconfident , you must doubt yourself . and that doubt may reach over to your social life too . as an fe dom , you clearly are a people pleaser , that means you need to see that ... this is one of the best arguments i've heard so far against sin ! i've not read that book yet , but it's on my library to-read list lol , you're right . i guess i wasn't really thinking about it . :P i do remember reading that greek philosophers noticed the angle of the sun's shadow in egypt versus greece and realized that the ... lying is obviously saying something that you don't honestly believe to be true . before copernicus , people said the earth was flat and they can't be considered as liars because they truly belived ... im more patient with animals than with people . and i do think it's easier to live with them without misunderstandings that are a natural result of using human languages she probably saw murder as the only alternative to a future she couldn't endure . i think she should have had major counseling and a sort of imposed safe house arrest . throwing a mentally disturbed ... oh , honey ! this is exactly like my relationship with my dad ... well , almost . first off , i think you're great for having stuck it out with him for so long . give yourself a hug . secondly , don't ... my mom's istj too and i see some similarities here :) dad's probably exfp . brother's esfp the house is usually peaceful and quiet but as soon as my bro enters , there's a flash-bang , some ... what is your gender ( all three are allowed ): female 1 . at what age did you discover you were an enfj ? 21 2 . what was your first reaction at this insight ? denial . the descriptions for enfjs ... ohhh ! lol , that's quite funny , then :D should i assume that's a id name ? see , you may want to strangle me for my assumptions and you're free to think that , but i'm seeing a pattern here . when we were kids , i was a doll , socially perfect , never doing stupid things , but ... very good observation . in my case i ended up in the second version or a while . in my childhood , a lot of importance was given to getting good grades in school . i was very unconcerned about schoolwork ... i really hope it was the onion . i mean you were beginning to chop it , and you did mention it was a ' rather hard ' onion . from what you've said , i can only say this for certain . i might think it ... wow ... a lot of this is similar to what i wrote independantly . and i'm an enfj ! lol when it's afternoon ( because i love the way the sunlight turns everything to gold ) and i'm painting . i could also be listening to great music or reading / writing something . no , actually writing , ... well yeah . i think that if math and ti are interrelated , as some people say , it's a good indication . i was awful in arithmetic . i aced in algebra . it's something i still don't quite understand ... well , ti seems to include thinking things out oneself and coming to a conclusion based on one's individual ideas about something . so i s'pose it means that tis rather make up their own minds than ... thank you . the bolded part is what i wanted more specifics on , but i see now that what you are describing is intent--and all i can do is hope that shows through in my actions , i suppose . yes , it ... freaking love em ! just so open and great . they give me a lot of space , generally have good morals , very easy to talk to ... expect maybe the intial introvert phase . and they always tell you the ... how , specifically , do you like to be treated in a group situation ( 5-12 people ) ? if the majority consists of people i don't know , i'd likely sit around and listen most of the time and contribute a ... lovve you for saying that ! i think ' giver ' and ' martyr ' are just too much . for one thing , i don't think i'm mistaken when i say that everyone ( even enfjs ) are a little evil inside . that's what makes us human , in a way . ... ni , apparently . makes sense , i can be coldly logical about certain things that most people wouldn't condone ... because they're hypocrites :D we-ell , i guess i am a bit better , but i've gone out as far as the railway station to pick up friends in hobo-tude ! lol , glad there are others out there who consider this normal . besides , ... yaay ! another hobo-ish person who wears pajamas outside ! :D i've never given a damn about my appearance more than i had to . i love beauty and pretty things decorating my room but i usually choose ... my brother in an esfp and he gets on my nerves very often . but he is very fun . im constant and never go out looking for new things to try out . he does and he brings it back to me to try . ... urgh ! no ! resounding , door banging no most of this makes sense to me except for waiting to see where it goes . maybe as i'm young i tend to sort them as i feel they ll fit . maybe im more trusting of my ni . at any rate , if a pal - a friend ... you are so right ... it sucks but it's true and unfortunately it isnt going to change because at the end of the day , we know we're vulnerable and we protect ourselves from people 1 im going to ... many moons ( and suns ) ago , there was an old wise spider who lived in a dark cave in the tallest mountain in the world . the mountain was covered in ice and snow so whenever the spider decided to take ... lol at the late reply . it's great that you left her and the fact that two people felt the same way about her shows that in the end the person with the bad character is going to get kicked out . ... but i've heard that enfps tend to display thinking over feeling functions in public . i'm new to the entire mbti system so i admit that i don't know much ... he does have the fi side to him but to ... my friend is , i think , an enfp . we're very similar , disturbingly so sometimes , but also very different ... not in the , ' oh , we just perfect ! ' way more in the , ' my way is right . this ain't working . ' ... reading a good historical fiction / fantasy , music - all the time , being alone in a cozy room watching tv , having people to talk to if i want but the option of going away and being by myself , thinking ... oh , hooney , you're a total enfj . especially the way you flew into a rage rightfully then felt awful about it later and need someome to tell you that it was okay . yes , i have friends who've used ... i think this is a common enfj trait . i've also been told by people that i flirt with guys . from my perspective , i'm just being very nice and polite to them , maybe a bit welcoming as well . basically ... i don't think this pairing ll work ... ever . i have a friend who's prolly enfp but we're tremendously similar in some ways . same as the top post said , he's got a ton of ' friends ' all over the place who ... i love you for saying that ! i have the same idea about this but apparently most people view an argument as a tug of war between two inflated egos to me it's a hurdle in my relationship and may ... yes , and no .. i know what i am and what im not . i don't need anyone to tell me or presume . i find it intrusive , rude and uneducated but i do need to know that i belong in a ' group ' ( fe ) while ... 1 they're eternally searching for their other half . they wont say so , they may even scoff at it , bit they are nfs ... dreamers . they need to connect totally with that person . they understand others ... same . aries and enfj here i wonder if this is remotely influenced by aries ? i've heard that some enfjs are very wishy washy but i hate that and never connected with it . in a group , i'm the one ... modesty humility used to be empathetic but met a few dirtbags and became guarded . get along with nearly everyone . i don't have class or social distinctions to separate people but i do put them in ... wow , really ? i have an enfp guy best friend and we've been told we look alike . how is the relationship working for you ? mine seems to be in a slump of miscommunication ... just wanted to know if this ... i don ' ; t think they look the same physically or dress the same way . personally i tend to dress differently from the crowd just because . but i think the way they move , talk , walk and interact ...