' ha ! it's probably totally related , you sensors just don't know it yet ! honestly ? because it makes us face the fact how others see us . it reminds us of the painful truth how widely hated entp swag is . that shit brings me down . let me swag on . that's why . i think we have to face it . she is our kinda ho . come to think of it , i sort of get what she's doing . this is dark . let's never discuss this topic again ... flattery will get you everywhere . well , how should i put this ... hello there : wink : so . not . true . small reminder , loyalty is earned . nope , sorry . just chuck it in the f * ck it bucket and move on . when you use the combination of mbti and body language as a magic trick : laughing : and convince people you can read their minds : crazy : dis . annoys the fech out of me . rats me out every time and makes me talk to useless people . 78864 : crazy : see , it's really not that hard : laughing : yes ! this ! we often find ourselves swimming upstream . our energy and drive scares people . but there are people who actually want us in their corner once they conquer their fear . i know exactly where you're coming . i use to drift in my life aimlessly and when we drift , we loose our confidence and get depressed . my turning point was found on this forum . about two years ago i ... can work . first you need to know what you want of him . sex is easy , serious relationship is another thing . match is actually pretty powerful if you share a goal outside your relationship . best way to ... i've been told i am as subtle as a brick . i even try to make it funny . i left one guy ( who was actually quite decent ) over the phone . he rang to tell me he was going to spend the evening with his ... 1 . emotional porn 2 . fitness diaries 3 . share this if ... yes , yes , yes . but i've tracked it down to my own frustration to myself . i get these few days after i missed my goals or have been rejected . on those days i hate everyone . and i'm willing to ruin ... factual you say ? : crazy : nothing is absolutely factual in the entp-universe . this world needs more derrida . i use a understand / accept ratio . i don't need to be understood always if i'm accepted . nf's are usually cool with this . nt's need more understanding in relationships in order to steer their feelings . i've had the pleasure of meeting sir branson and imho he is an entp . his book screw business as usual is a brilliant manifestation of his personality . no s could ever be so innovative : wink : heyyy , your first post ! congrats and welcome ! may i ask how old you are ? your youthful defiance pleases me in a puzzling manner . i use to be like that . it was a long , rocky and lonesome road i had to walk in order to get where i am today ... when all your female board members hate your guts . i'm the vice president of our organization and i have worked my ass off to improve our performance . the f types seem to oppose everything i suggest ... truthfully ? probably both of the above combined with your lame ass hatred . why so snappy ? who got your knickers twisted ? 75731 i might brain you . certainly my dear friend . what you suggested in your previous post to her , i found immensely disturbing . get a makeover , he doesn't fancy youplease him by letting him choose what you should ... love is only chemical and therefore it is rational . it doesn't matter if he is gay or fancies someone else . he would not be spending time with you , if he did not like you . we don't hang around with ... what an utter load of bollocks . : rolleyes : i recon he is in to you . he is just scared . he probably thinks he's being friend-zoned . one thing i've noticed as well , entps avoid flirting when they are vulnerable eg . in love . try rationalizing ... i always prefer to interact in person . i love getting texts and emails , just hate writing them . texting bores me to death . if i'm busy with what ever i'm pursuing at mo , i turn down calls as well ... i use to tell him to come up with better lies and to stop boring me . i use to draw maps of his lies in order to prove my logic to him . needless to say he did not get it . listen to me kiddo , never get ... i hate lies ! and i can smell ' em . i kept burning my ex bf for a while , trying to teach him a lesson . he was dumb enough to keep at it , hence the ex . i think that's one of the things making us so ... so lame i love it <3 in the grand scheme , yes . everything is connected and we just need to find the right angle . and for some weird reason we're the only ones who can . intps get close , but don't get everything . they ... when you are prepared to do almost anything in order to avoid 9 to 5 work . this is how i found out i was in love . once i figured it out , i spend a day analyzing the reasons behind these weird emotions and as a rational conclusion decided to share my feelings with the fella ... but i do love my entj ! the thing is that he has plenty of people adoring him for his looks . i love him for what he is ; strong , assertive and relentless . i love him for what he makes me become . with ... that's the thing , i have asked him what he wants and he wouldn't give me a straight answer ! i'm as blunt as i can be with him ( while staying professional ) . now , i am a strong personality , i'm the ... right , here goes . how do i find out what entj male wants ? we work together in a political organisation and i cannot figure out wether he is interested me or in something i can do for his career . professor moriarty :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0PY-vgLHCQ&feature=player_embedded# ! sue perkins ? she must be . http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=ObGhHNpmVKk cause we get kicked in the head by society . people seem to like us until the ne kicks in frantic . afterwards ti overanalyzes others reactions to our ne bursts and convinces us to seclude ourselves . ... 7w8 , 3w2 , 8w7 i'll do it now . he shall make his own mind , dudley i say . altough i might not see him suitable after amy . * respect * that moment was truly magical . someone who , even just for a moment , understood me . too bad he is married , to a bloody isfj ... i get ignored a lot as well , however it's usually by people i ignore ... eternal optimist here . the alternative is simply too dark to turn to . it's all illusion . run . trust me . run . the first one i love mostly for visual reasons . i looks like it might have been shot in my head :D the lyrics seem to cheer me up when ever i feel down . the second one is for the message and the ... '