' i can say if i was winked at i would be thrown off because i would not be expecting that ( direct of a ? ) reaction . i think the flip-floppiness would be lessened by a developed auxiliary , right ? i'm known among friends for changing my mind on a dime in the middle of a conversation , but if i've thought something ... i would read the fuck out of this you could stop telling yourself that you definitely won't do anything about it . try to have some confidence , the ladies like that : wink : it's difficult at first to step out of your comfort zone and ... i chose every type because it's usually true for me . my user is milddude . add me , i love new friends ! milddudeâx 80x99s music profile âx80x93 users at last.fm i like the way that he takes conventional , poppy sounds and makes something that one could call fairly original put of them , aside from his goofball image . his music is just good for chilling . oh , i'm sure it isn't an enfj specific phenomenon . i was just sharing my anecdotal exerience i can't discern currently whether i am an enfj or an entj , but i was definitely a feeler as a child and yes , that did happen to me extremely often . the closest i usually come to poetry is songwriting . the last time i wrote a poem was 3 years ago , in the eighth grade . i got 32 . apparently my message was too short , and now it isn't . enfj's , come one and all ! i need your bet judgement about a strange chat history with a girl who goes to my school . i am a male sophomore in high school in the us . i want to know your opinion on ... 1 . i love music . i play bass in a punk band and i play in my high school concert band on tenor sax . i also listen to a wide range of genres ranging form punk to metal to rock and anything in between ... if it helps , don't take it personally when the entj is curt , or just bossy and impersonal . i have been noticing my enfp friend is always coming back with defensive remarks when i get like that , like ... i'm only in high school and i'm not even sure if i know what it smells like , much less what it is like to smoke it myself , but i do not think anyone has a right to stop anyone else from doing much at ... from my own experience , i only actively organize and compete in things i care about . if i can't find a reason to care or at least way to make it interesting , i tend to do mediocre in whatever it is ... i agree , but i never really thought about slytherin because of the bad wrap it always got in the books . also , i wasn't really sure i was an entj until just recently , so i've had a past of ... i always thought i would be hufflepuff or ravenclaw , but then i was surprised to be sorted into slytherin ! that possibility never evcen crossed my mind . my estj mom used to get mad at me when she would wake me up early in the morning to take me to a church i do not want to go to , and expect me to make snappy small talk with the adults , me being 15 ... did you meran estj ? anyway , i avoid leadership in normal life because i don't care about who leads a project at school , i only tend to dominate conversation when it is something important to me , and ... thanks for your thourough and insightful response ! that was all useful information . yeah , i really don't think it matters about the age as long as both are over the legal age . i am in grade / year ten of high school , and i know someone who , among other perverted things , prefers eighth ... i am an entj and i would like to know more about a girl with whom i have lunch at school . i have reqason to believe she might be interested , as i tend to ellicit smiles from her and she sometimes ... http://i.imgur.com/Us1GR.jpg http://i.imgur.com/dsp8L.jpg http://i.imgur.com/aymPz.jpg ( if this works ) i'm the one in the first two . i don't know anyone else's type except for the guy on the right ... generally i only start to pick one person out when they have a personal history of being unfair and shallow . i've talked about her before on this forum , but there is one enfp girl in my class that i ... i disagree . age doesn't matter as much , thought that does not mean this situation is a good idea to follow through on . definitely don't do it ! i would want to be a hawk so i can go anywhere i want and be able to look over those below , and do [ pretty much whatever i want to help or not . i don't know what i would not like to be . i would if i was attracted to the woman and she seemed interesting , but i know it most likely wouldn't last . i haven't been to this site very often for a long time , but i've come back to the entj forum , i read all the new posts recently , and all the relationship problem threads about entjs include infps or ... sometimes i give people the look just to see what they do ( this look is pretty much just me staring at the person's face and concentrating ) . it usually turns out with them getting fairl uncomfortable , ... i usually admit when i am wrong , and the only times i do not expressly say i was wrong when i am wrong are the times when i feel a little bit more then irritated with the person to which i am ... what rustles my jimmies ? when people close to me assume things about me that they have no reason to assume . for example , since i act very logical all the time , my friend assumed i wasn't able to ... this happens to me very often . i explain myself if i feel like i have the patience at the time . a lot of times i just don't want to drag out what usually becomes a fairly lengthy misunderstanding . objectively speaking intp will tend to work better . it really just depends on the person though , and you can't decide it completely through mbti . sorry , but what is shadowing ? i feel like i should know this too . also i think ni a little over one year ago i tested as an entj but now i can't tell . my dominant in t / f seems to be thinking , and i have always been intuitive . now though , i can't tell if i am introverted or ... what does this description sound like ? personaldna | your true self revealed - fast fun free personality tests i'm turning introverted . i'm still n . might be more feeling , and i also might be ... absolutely do not steer clear of anyone just because of their group . that is like saying an austrian guy ripped me off once , so i am never going to talk to anyone from austria . now does thta make ... ear for an ear , eye for an eye . that is applied emotionally too . like if someone is murdered , think of all the emotional distress and problems that could cause people close to the victim . that is why ... not gonna happen , let whatever you are becoming come on its own yes , if you make it that way . it really depends on what you think of us . there is this one enfp that seems to conflict with me every time she talks to me , saying things like get over it , and we don't need your sass ! i am ... didnt see it at first but i knew the intj's were going to shoot her down for basically implying you all were robots i cant really tell if you do this or not , because your logic appeals to me somewhat , but you have to have serious problems if you think one type is better than another ro worth more or less . the ... oh god ... most entj's like it when you approach them and have the courage to try to start whatever it is you want to start . im sorry if you did not find purpose , but just ignore it if you didnt . i was just pointing something out about the real world , you dont have to listen to it . i know that intj's are not supposed to be able to deal with it apparently , and this is unrelated , but in the normal world , a certain amount of world cooperation , or peace would be needed to make all ... sure , that would not mean it , but is there really a logical reason to be in charge of something , if you did have to ( meaning god could control everything , he could have made it that way ) or possibly ... religion as i see it is a ritualistic acknowledgement of a higher power , whether that be by worship , prayer , maditation , or any other ritual associated with the religion . you can't not have a ... '