intp he's kinda dark and tormented though . his fe is far stronger than his ti . he uses indeed ti but more as a tertiary function . plus he's the quintessential ni dom user . shun is an infj , dude . hello . i hate being a ni dominant type most of the time because it seems like you're doomed to struggle with a huge sense of being misunderstood throughout all your life . nah . seems accurate . i feel like i'm about to lose my mind ... depression is a slow death . yeah . ps : i love tsuioku hen . you have good taste . o / sometimes i think i really have predicting skills . it'd be almost scary ... yeah . accurate . undoubtedly . very accurate . :) esxp . :) type most likely to hold a grudge for a very long period of time . . you're the quintessential entp 4 that transcends both time and space in all its endless magnificence . o : you're the infp version of saber . . _ . yeah . he used to describe himself as an istp probably because there's always something schizophrenic relation with your inferior sensing if you're a dominant intuitive type . inxj tend to act ... i don't think his ti is especially bad . i just think this is not the aspect of his work that is the most prominent . but it's true that infj 5 tend to overthink because of this tertiary function ... yeah . it seems you're accurately typed . :) i'm currently reading one of his books . he described himself as a dominant introverted thinker , but it's obvious that someone who was so fascinated by the soul and all its mysteries is an ni user ... such rudeness . i'm offended . shame on you . ennui . the user above me is obviously an estp . : v intjs have fi as a tertiary function . that's not that incoherent . : v everyone knows you're an isfp . liar . : v accurately typed . :) infp because one of the greatest minds on this site has seen your fi through your entp persona . : v i did nothing wrong . : v thank you for giving me reason . do you love that much digging your own grave ? i didn't know you were such a huge masochist . : v good . you've shown to everyone that you read the art of being right from schopenhauer , but it's useless if you have nothing constructive to say intellectually . that's the reason why i'm always ... why are you talking to your own reflection ? you're probably the absolute quintessence of what you criticize about me . but i guess there's no need for us to debate . we wouldn't agree anyway , and ... ok . but in the end , you didn't answer to what i said . funny way to admit you have nothing to say . at least you're honest in your own manner . : v p . s . : i won't quote your answer just to bore ... your way of seeing both mbti and enneagram is too narrow-minded . that's why you're unable to understand the fact that combinations aren't necessary as binary as you think . that's quite sad to be ... small by his intimacy but great by his mind . he seems to be your absolute opposite . : v 607946 beware , you might be defeated by someone whose te is inferior . for example nina from cg . : v his te is so prominent everyone is frightened by this pure aura of almightiness . : v . _ . ouah . i misspelled a word . what a blasphemy . : v narcissistic is the nietzschean superman . that's why . estj master race . ^ ___ ^ that ti - ne combo that pierces the heavens like a drill . besides i didn't read emologic's last posts because i'm a lazy ass , but why is he so obsessed with hikikomi ? he's trying to fight desperately against his secret tendencies ? something like this . that ... yeah . he created this sardonic entp persona in order to deceive all of us . kill him . : v ouh . my pride . xd i love you too . we'll former an army of inxx and we'll take over the entire world . o / thanks . at least you're the only here capable of understanding the depths of my kokoro . i don't know what would become of me without you . <3 i admit everything : i'm an isfj . sorry if i have lied to everyone . t___t i'm such a huge bakaaa t___t