' i <3 this thread .. i find it describing me to a t ... lol .. love that so many are interested in us enfp's enough to try to categorize us ! lol personal ~ * name - crzysttchr or lynn * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? nova scotia , canada one name pops into mind ... gary larson ... far side creator fave cartoon : two polar bears beside an igloo with a bite out of it ... oh hey . i just love these things . crunchy on the ... ahhh shiny lightbulbs ( disco balls ) ... i love you guys .. i am smiling hugely here and totally needed it ... thnx : tongue : oh.my.goodness ... crushing ... that is it ! ! ! thnx so much guys ... here i am 50 yrs old and still doing it ... but dammit ... i am in a bad way over it and need someone to make it stop ! lol maybe ... taurus here may 7th ( and i am sooo like my sign it is scary ... ) also , i am a metal rat ( chinese astrology ) and again , so like my sign ) ... my favourite colour keeps coming back to green .. but i am ... ok here is me .. wondering how to decipher it all ! : shocked : existing situation : works well in cooperation with others but is disinclined to take the leading role . needs a personal life of mutual ... my stuff has been reduced to one room and hence too much stuff and not enuf space ... that is what happens when you divorce , move out , cram boxes into small spaces and are living with ur mom ! ... : laughing : i just wanted to say thanks to everyone for helping me in my healing / learning journey of myself . it has been very enlightening to find that others are very much like me and i am not ... come on zero ... we are all waiting ! ! ! : laughing : oh god ... we are all whiny today ... i want a boyfriend ... but damn .. those men ... wouldn't know a good woman if they fell over me ! gahhh : angry : well i am notorious for starting a new needlework project , kitting one up , playing with it and putting it away . i have started many , many projects and completed ... well not very many . i too have ... believer , then thinker ... and that about sums me up perfectly ! : laughing : nope ... not gonna fall for it ... been thru it as well hun my ex cheated and i dumped him and divorced him me i did it ! my current situation ? boyfriend cheated and i dumped him too ! i will not ... i have loved paramour since my teenage video game playing son made me listen to one of their songs that was on a vid game ( can't remember the song title ... bad me ) i just love their vibrancy ... my own man ? oh you mean just a gift ? hmmm well i love little things ... * * like emma ... i love boxes and tins ... smaller ones that store needlework items . * * cute trinkets from my kids * * a ... yep ... thought i met the most amazing man to share my life with ... sure fooled me ! ! ! never saw it coming . so .. off i go to heal ( all better now thnx and only been 2 days lol ) time to focus on ... every second of every day of my whole life ! now that i have medication ( ssri antidepressant ) ... i can fall asleep in peace at night ... but i still have no inner monologue ( as my recent ex stated ) ... except that we have no cash ( too many debts and kids and such ) and some of us ( me included ) are back to living with parents and taking care of them and our kids ... * * sigh * * all is good .. we ... i agree totally with you , kcseb . having dumped my current boyfriend ( yesterday morning .. he cheated on me and yes it happens to 50yr olds too ) , i am reassessing my potential for finding love again ... awww that is a great post ! thnx for sharing ! : happy : my self confidence has soared the older i get ... i have always been upbeat and charming , but now ! ! ! i am unstoppable i find the new experiences thrill me and look forward to learning all i can ... : blushed : ok … here goes … my room … . which is 12 x 12 and pack to the rafters with my stuffs ! ( living with my mom and it is a cramped place ) ~ my bed … double size , black matte finish with ... i used to think that i was normal ... until the voices / inner dialogue made me unable to sleep or concentrate . then i found out that i have a chemical imbalance and am on an ssri ... ( seratonin ... all of the above : sarcastic ( sometimes ) quirky ( all of the time ) puns ( yep ) silly ( yep ) perverted ( well comes from my overactive sex drive lmao ) dark ( aka gary larson - far side - i get him ... except for the stuck at thirteen i so can relate to your post , in all of its facets . i , too ... have my kids friends think i am cool and i am 50 ! ! ! it is great being able to understand all ... who said we have to grow up ? i am 50 and still feel like 17 ... so ... live and let live . enjoy each day ... after being married to a miserable man who hates the sounds of birds singing in the ... well the new man is my new love ... not a therapist , but his hands work miracles ... so all is good . i am learning to breathe through it and he is a wonderful lover ummm i mean massager : tongue : a big resounding yes ... we seem to draw our tension inwards ... i remember going for a massage and the therapist was amazed i could function at all ! seems my back and neck was a mass of knots ... anahata ... i can so relate to your thread ... to see the end of a marriage ( 27 yrs for me ) is tragic and sad . i had gone through a long hard difficult time and finally decided to end it ... but like ... i am a 2 but not sure about the wings ... but then again ... i am special hahahaha .. having a funky day here ! hmmm big resounding yes ... and now that i am in a loving , adult relationship , i am learning to just * * go with it * * ... as far as hearing ... i need to ask you something . or can i tell you ... why is it that we can never get enuf sleep ? i know that i am a night owl as well .. and a late riser . i also am better now with the active brain problem ... antidepressants work well making my brain ... hahaha moby ... i like your answers zeth ... sounds like just being around her could lift you up ... just enjoy her proximity ... sorry guys .. had to jump in ... i wonder if the thread would have been better titled : were you bullied : and the answer is yes ... i was a very passive , shy girl and was mercilessly bullied in ... well i changed my profile pic and it seems my eyes are the things that most people notice the most ... so ... yep we are kinda cool ... but then again ... almost everyone is cool ... cause we like em ... well we definitely resemble those remarks forsakenme ... we are kinda ummm full of ourselves ? lmao hahaha .. well we know we are pretty amazing .. and those that love us know it as well ... i am seeing an enfj at the moment and loving it ! seem to have found my soul mate ... i have not met an infj ... maybe you could go see the teacher , have a chat , tell him about your anxieties ... it may help . at least try that before dropping it all together , then you can say you tried everything you could . ... omg you guys ... pied did nail it and you other two ( robinson crusoe and hard styler ) ? ? ? damn get out of my head * * lmao * * i would just sit with you , smile crazily , give you a hug and tell you .. you are loved ... : crazy : welcome from someone who actually has the last name kirk and named her son james t ... yep indeedy i did it ... i am also an enfp ( as if you couldn't tell yet ) .. head over to the enfp forums for more ... oh . my . god .. that is all i can say at this time ... this thread has me in tears ... i am thinking of you pink . this thread has affected me immensely . * * * hugz * * * omg me too ... baaad handwriting or printing ... and yes my thumb hurts awful ... grasping too hard .. i wonder if we are in so much of a hurry that we can't be bothered ? sucks when you are ... i am the easy going , life of the party , fiesty , fun , even tempered enfp . i love life , enjoy the small things and can be amazed by the ... ohhh look at the pretty butterfly ... yep , ... breathing ... and touch ... breathing to know i am alive and worthy touch ... essential to my being ... my ex withheld touch and i was starving ... my new man ? is an enfj which is ... i have worked a number of jobs , but can honestly say that working in the book field fills many of my needs . i have worked in bookstores and in libaries ... i love reading and keeping up with ... i remember fondly , as a teenager falling hard and fast . i guess i am reliving these types of feelings again , but now as a 50 yr old mature ( hahaha ) woman . it is incredible to find love again .. when ... i collect a few things as well . dragons ... i love dragons , have posters , blown glass , china , porcelain , stuffed needlework books ... i am an avid needleworker and love old and new books ... '