' it's pretty well-established that thinking types are more common among men , and feeling types are more common among women . but what is the most common feeling type among men , and the most common ... i've never met anybody that i think was an enfj , infj , or entj . i may have met an esfj and isfp , but i'm not sure . atheist istj . my estp father is about the most militant atheist i've ever seen . his issue is with the logical holes in religion , the way that others use it to manipulate people , and the way that it ... 1 . define well . 2 . unfortunately , yes . / s actually , i think that the thread went quite well . the wheels fell off pretty quickly , but i've learned a lot more about entps from that than from the ... it's worth learning , especially the intertype relations . the basic idea is that all the types have access to all eight functions , but they only really want to use four of them . i love interacting with ne types , especially _nfps . two of my best friends in high school were enfps . my infp sister and i used to fight terribly , but around the time she turned 13 , we suddenly ... i can't stand it when an istj wants to share every single piece of knowledge that they think is relevant to the conversation , or when they try to show off how smart and knowledgeable they are only to ... perhaps examples would help clarify my intent in asking . 1 . a relative insists on bringing several friends , who you do not know , to your birthday party , which will otherwise be attended ... as an istj , i sometimes have difficulty understanding how entps think . i'm particularly interested in how they handle moral decisions . if you don't put stock in socionics or functions , you can ... if it's a stupid procedure , i don't really care about it either . if i'm going by the book , it's because a ) what's in the book works or b ) i don't yet know what i'm doing and i'm relying on the book ... some people think that sensors are somehow inferior , and _s_js ( si-users ) in particular . this is because si has a reputation as boring , obstinate , unchanging , and uncreative . si-doms ( is_js ) are seen ... i'm terrible at - consoling people - knowing when to shut up - the math part of physics ( i can understand a lot of the concepts , just not the math ) - not procrastinating when i strike up a conversation with a stranger at the bus stop and befriend them . systematic . even in my fantasies , i am systematic . i tend to reuse the same paradigms of action and organisation repeatedly , knowing which one is appropriate for the given situation ( which is ... judging by your avatar , perhaps istp . by your posting history , perhaps intp . the most romantic thing somebody can do is give me a hug . i'm a very touchy-feely person , though you wouldn't think it . the worst thing you can do is give me empty platitudes . i hate fake romantic ... i__j . ni-doms can deny facts while trying to make everything fit into their model of reality ( hitler ( infj ) , especially towards the end of the war , and stalin ( intj ) , especially in the period leading ... i've known a few entps . they're generally fun to be around ; i enjoy their sense of humour and the aura of energy that seems to constantly roll off of them . however , occasionally , they can surprise me ... nb : if you aren't completely solid on function theory , or don't know what it is , read this . it's not the most accurate explanation of what functions are , and it veers into non-standard terminology , ... take a look at my bookshelf on goodreads . lots of histories , books on linguistics and anthropology , but also a ton of fantasy , sci-fi , and other novels . notably , there aren't too many classics . i ... i can cook pretty well , and i'm rather good at improvising . i tend to use lots of spices and try to find interesting combinations . my favourite thing to make is omelettes . i enjoy cooking ; eating ... istj here . nb : i rely pretty heavily on function theory here . i absolutely disagree . sensing is a pretty unfortunate misnomer , because it makes one think of the five senses and a focus on the ... the whole focus on tradition and rules with si-doms is somewhat misplaced . when it comes to rules and traditions , i . e . existing systems , the reasoning is , this system isn't here for no reason ... my ideals tend towards the liberal end of the spectrum , but my methods tend towards the conservative end ( and by conservative , i mean original flavour conservative before the term got hijacked by ... the best thing you can do is be yourself . we are extremely good at telling when somebody is being fake , and we hate it . just be yourself . if he's not interested in you then , you're wasting your time . if he's sending mixed signals , it's because he's trying to work up the courage to do something about how he feels . ask him about his feelings for you , but do not be confrontational about it . for ... i like how you excluded isfjs . introverted sensing is just so ... boring , isn't it ? / sarcasm actually , though , i think that inf_s are no more capable ( ability is independent of type ); they're ... read this . skip to the how-to section if you're in a hurry ( although i'd strongly recommend reading the whole thing ) . if the drug can be reproduced , then i don't waste it on him . i take it to a laboratory to be analysed for mass production . but assuming that it can't be reproduced ... it's not my place to decide ... i very strongly disagree . that portrait captures only surface behaviour and not the underlying thought processes behind it , and it also contains a good deal of incorrect information . for this post i'm going to assume you know about functions . if you don't , read this . this is the socionics description of the sli / istp ( socionics sli / istp = mbti istj ) . importantly , it includes ... trying to type yourself using the dichotomies ( i / e , n / s , f / t , j / p ) can be very difficult . i would suggest learning about cognitive functions . this site explains what functions are and how they work ... high-level fe-users ( __fjs ) , because fe considers actions in terms of how they affect other people , and what other people will think . fe-users are thus very concerned with what other people think and ... i don't daydream a lot . usually in idle moments i'm just thinking about upcoming events in order of how soon they are , soonest first , or not thinking about anything , just watching my surroundings , ... enfp . same functions , reversed order , meaning that we share the same values , and that they are strong where we are weak and weak where we are strong , so we can reinforce each other . i'm a teacher ... i find passive aggressive behaviour difficult to sustain . i dislike it when others use it to try to send a message ; i'd rather have them tell me what's wrong straight to my face , so i can fix it ... my mother is an istj . we think exactly alike , and disagreements stem mainly from differences in opinion or experience and not from personality . the thing about istjs is that we are absolutely terrible at gauging how other people feel , so even if we think somebody likes us , we do nothing , because that's the safest course of action , and we're ... those descriptions are not that detailed . this description of the istj / sli / istp and this description of the istp / lsi / istj are longer , meatier , and more detailed . it's easy to mistake a type for ... where did you get the function stack si-te-ni-se ? that's not possible in mbti or socionics . socionics functions 1 , 2 , 6 , and 5 = mbti dominant , auxiliary , tertiary , and inferior , respectively . this ... i don't much relate to the bits about physical states ; but if you edited the si paragraph a bit , removing the word physical , then yes , i absolutely relate to it . i am very aware of what stimuli ... istj here . image 1 : i like it . it reminds me of structure and of fall , which is a time of year i like . it makes me think of slow but steady growth . image 2 : this is my favourite . it's a complex ... it does , to an extent . it's not perfect , but it's far better than anything else i've read . i'd suggest reading through all of the different type pages , if only because it's interesting and the ... i think the descriptions are short-sighted . for me , si demands a constant input of information . i often find myself staying up past midnight reading or working because i can't bear shutting down ... i like it . it seems very honest , like you're doing your best to reveal to others your own way of seeing the world , without pretension . those descriptions were not very accurate at all , because they look at surface behaviours and not their underlying causes . loyalty and reliance on tradition are just a couple of possible ... ... this is entirely accurate . istj . atheist . i was raised an atheist . having examined the facts , i see no reason to become religious . i find the concept of accepting an idea or ideology purely on faith , without logical or ... my estp dad taught me how to avoid taking things at face value , and to really think about things before accepting them as true ( se-ti ) , which i've found to be an invaluable skill . he also taught me ... kipposhi , birth name of oda nobunaga . entj . '