' ^ haha , i can definitely empathize with your feeling of loss . i have an addictive mind as well , as you know , and i readily admit i was addicted to the ride itself , in addition to the guy . as well as ... fueledbyevil , season 3 is closed , for sure . a short but eventful one , as it turns out ! ;) i hope season 4 will be more stable and genuinely about friendship , should it ever come to pass , and that ... i'm talking about the process of getting involved with someone and opening up . i want the emotion he claims to have , if only i was able to let loose in his company more . i have no way of knowing if ... okay , i'm on my way to my work trip , and have just enough time to comment on this . in fact for me dialling a phone is not a simple task . i suck big time at that , and other such tasks that people ... yes , i would . my problem is ( and aways has been ) that i find extremely few men exciting . this is why i try to give things every possible chance to develop further , every time i happen to encounter a ... i'll keep this short today as i'm in work rush inferno ( very helpful in thinking less about the guy ) , but i'll say this . he has been actively carrying the development of our relationship . i contacted ... i will record some steps of my disengagement from him on this already branched-out thread , just to make them more tangible for myself . it will be a very hard effort , as the sense of belonging i have ... princessjay what an amazing analysis ! thank you very much for this . that's me for sure . i've never become this involved though . and then again i have , with my ex . it just felt a lot different as ... princessjay he is able to guard his boundaries with crazy women by now , as he's been practicing a lot . but this causes more craziness on her end , as it feels super bad when he doesn't let her as ... okay so ( i realize how this thread is turning into my personal diary of sorts and i don't think the development can be reversed at this point .. sorry ! :D ) . today i get an sms from my neighbour , ... oh wow fueley ! ! they would be correct , you should not worry . least of all about posting on some online forum when you have that going on ! nothing significant has happened anyway and i'm soon off to ... yeah definitely not my style . it'll be fair game or no game , even if i sometimes feel like he wants me to manipulate him into wanting me . more ethical ways of making him feel for me could be ... i'm not so surprised . he knows what my ex is like , for one thing . he's in fact the only guy i've felt i can talk to about my ex , in the hopes of him being able to see past it . with all the others i ... this belief would be far fetched in any case , but as of this morning there has been an additional factor in play that i can no longer dismiss . i woke up with the realization that i want to have ... in that case you should be rooting for me and the guy ending up together . because you know who's going to be next in line if this thing fails ? the other entp i met on tinder . and you know which one ... i don't see your post as judgmental at all , fueley . one thing is for sure : there will not be a blame game of any kind , no matter what happens . i'm sure he knows this too . i've been absolutely ... wow fueley ... what a treat this is you've written ! amazing . i was at a low point when i wrote the recap . now i'm feeling okay , even excited . looking back , the low points are gradually less and ... as per requested by dear fueledbyevil , season 3 of this twisted , fucked up saga is about to begin ! or end . i have no idea which . recap of what happened since the previous post : 1 . as we ... i was just on my way to making this exact comment . thanks for saving me the trouble , i guess . in fact i logged in here to start a discussion like this one . asking if other intps are happy with ... in my book it is possible to ask questions in a non-questioning manner . ^ yes , yes , yes and yes . i'm actually still talking to him over email , and have suggested we meet one last time , because i forgot to give him some chocolate i brought him from my work trip . :) ... ^ dude you break my heart , seriously . ( loving it . ) i've felt for a long time that this is what it is . and also that he wishes me to grow the hell up , and sees how it will still take a long time . we ... well i have learned to cry . already a long time ago and i'm now quite accomplished if i say so myself ! :D also i learned to feel all my feelings openly . wasn't easy and apparently i'm still ... thank you so much for a post full of beauty . i know my way into reveling in sorrow all too well . during the past few years it's become a regular rehearsal to just submit to it . that seems the ... geniusoverlord , you made me cry with your post . it's so absolutely spot on and accurate in every detail . i feel like i have been seen , my situation has been validated and my love interest has been ... ^ thanks desthro for the pat in the back . i wish my sexuality was as straightforward as you suggest . i'm unable to want any other person than the one i love , so first in order will be disengaging ... well we met and discussed things , and it looks like there's no point in continuing to invest . in other words : we ended it . not really strictly , but from all practical viewpoints it's over . the ... my radar about men tends to be fairly accurate , so i've come to trust it a lot . when i see something good i will hold on to it as long as there's any stamina left in me . this happens so rarely , and ... totally on point . everything you said . <3 as i know he's been mistreated by women before , i definitely do not want to do anything like that to him myself ( like let him chase me and then get bored ... interesting definition . i'm so happy that there are already three accomplished individuals on the entp forum who have been able to give very valuable information , without which it would have taken ... what he could have said . word for word . i can't believe there are people out there ( here ) that seem so much like him , as he is the only such one i've ever met . on the other hand one would assume i ... fueledbyevil , i totally enjoy your rambling ! please keep at it . :) haldir , would you care to elaborate on your question about intp female sexuality ? what specifically are you referring to with the ... if i may elaborate on this , his relationships have mainly fallen in one of 2 categories : 1 . traditional woman , high degree of primal lust but a weak mental connection and a weak compatibility with ... ^ good question , will get back to it next time . right now i'll go get some sleep and wait for the answers that will surely come . i know other things we could do besides just handling it . and you're right , this used to be me . then i met him . still learning the ropes , it's all so .. foreign , but very , very nice to me . : redface-new : haldir , * blush * that's kind of what i meant when i said high maintenance , meaning maybe i'm expecting too much effort from his part while resting on my laurels . your comments seem to awaken some ... a perfect way to illustrate what we need : the z-axis ! perfect perfect . i'll be considering this right before i fall asleep tonight , for sometimes answers come in dreams . :) especially answers to ... my oh my , you're being waaay too gentle trying to rub this in . much appreciated at any rate . hard headed ? touche ! you're actually telling me the same thing the guy has been trying to tell me . he ... haldir , what a superbly clever analogy , and do i love analogies ! the especially intriguing thing about this particular analogy is that although i have zero knowledge about baseball , i was ( edit : may ... just to clarify : are you saying if he is a ) demanding with regards to partners and b ) not chasing me , then your point # 2 applies , regardless of other factors ( such being that he likes me ... ^ and why have i not thrown myself at him ? because i want him to clearly choose me first , meaning lose the less-interesting-and-unstable-but-fuckable woman he has been seeing ( casually ) and stop ... oh i can totally use all the bad news i can get at this point ! bring it on : yeah : anything to help me destroy what i feel for him ( sadly i don't think there's anything you guys can say to really do ... he is right for me . and i have no doubt that his heart is pure . what he says is not bullshit , ever . when there are contradictions , it's because he is undecided or hasn't thought about the topic ... forgot to answer this . he says he's considering if he even wants a love relationship of the type i'm going for ( serious , committed , loving , long term , etc . ) . he said he hasn't before met a woman he ... dear fueledbyevil , thanks for the comment ! so much has happened i probably haven't been clear about the things you point out , so outlining it here : 1 . yes he has been honest and ... jeez ! something just occurred to me ( again .. ! ) , and turned quite a lot around in its occurring . he isn't rejecting me , really . he is testing me , yes , but in the most loving way possible . also ... ^ just so as not to appear as a crazy stalker lady ( which i am though ) , i want to point out that the above message represents a fantasy . i won't be acting on it , as it would probably creep him out big ... something occurred to me just now . he hasn't replied my email , which i sent on friday trying to clarify some details of our discussion on thursday night . this is not super uncommon for him , but the ... okay so the saga continues . we took it slow up until i came back from my business trip . he called me immediately when i returned and asked me to take a trip with him . my head was in clouds ! i ... '