' odetobegin isnt as simple as get off your sorry ass ? ohh it is in so many cases ! i know anxiety can hold a person back , but it doesnt make something impossible . beatriz this condition ... diagnosed 6 months ago , treated for 3 of them . i miss the euphoric happiness you get from external events , even though you experience the opposite from time to time . adhd is like an opposite ... i turn into an esfp with short term memory loss . what he said ... apologizing is really simple , remember to display it by action . what previous relationships has he had ? they key point is to be certain he is aware of what he really needs and wants . i wasnt at age 21 . but he might if he has had some relationships to learn from ... 1 : the only part i particularly dont like about the isfj title , is the stereotypical doormat perception . i am under no circumstances a doormat , or have those tendencies . i will break the peace if i ... i feel accomplished whenever i see a product of my efforts this is me on a great summer day :) 302338 just to clarify . i dont mean switching the order of the letters , but changing one of them :) if you could switch one of our letters i * s * f * j , wich one would you choose , and why ? show us a voice that sounds like candy , then we'll decide this is a completely subjective opinion , of course . i saw the movie a long time ago , but what i remember most is the horrible pool of emotions i was left with . summer has this attitude towards ... what a horrible movie ... i could only spend 1-2 days by myself , without interaction with others . i could go longer , but a depression would start to grow . why would an independent girl need someone ? she's independent ... do we ever hint at it ? hehe , thats about all we do . we use time , energy , money and all that we have disposable to spend time with the one we so dearly adore . i realized one day that my pursuit that ... how old are you ? we change our ways of thinking with age , especially at a younger age . i can relate to your situation . i had a thought process almost entirely based on my feeling function , wich has ... things got alot better with my new job . work space and tasks got familiar and became routines , bingo ! but my old job offered me a position i couldn't refuse , so i whent back :) i can relate to ... oohhh nooo , handicapped people break my heart into pieces :/ my face is a waterfall again ... always forgive , never forget . sometimes easy , sometimes hard . i dont cut people off when they have hurt me , but a natural distance forms for a while . i suck at telling jokes , do you ? the only time i succed , is when they laugh at me , not the joke . hate it ever thought that you are a balanced individual ? i recognize alot of what you wrote , and you dont need to fit the stereotype isfj to be one . but i do believe you have dominant functions wich relates ... biggest problem / struggle have been keeping my self esteem when things are going bad . objective thinking comes to a close second ... i would have to say you need to chew the sour apple and beat through the rough sea . its easy for me to say you need to let yourself go alittle more , relax your shoulders , dont pay attention to ... i remain calm and controlled in stressful situations where i , as a person , know i won't be the cause of blame if something will go wrong . selfless acts of kindness move and inspire me . when i see someone give a warm smile to a random in public , when someone strikes a random conversation with a stranger , when someone brings their ... i do the same thing . and i believe we typically use simple humor , combine it with a relaxed and goofy body image and create something funny in our own unique way . sometimes it just looks retarded , ... yes it does happen , and im usually not satisfied until i go back and do it different , and i dont care if it is impossible . if it isnt corrected , i will spend my entire life noticing that thing that ... why cant you go back ? what did you start ? what a horrible question for an isfj to read :P be specific , and i will leave a specific answer :) no where near naturally optimistic . i am artificially optimistic . i catch myself figuring out negative outcomes , and start thinking what good might happen and what i would like to happen instead . you ... when i have the time to hangout , i usually do it at home , alone . thats in a week day though . i switch to an extroverted individual on weekends , i need to have an output somewhere i love watching movies , especially romantic ones . though i am a dude , im allowed to watch those because im an isfj ;) i saw silver linings playbook yesterday , i recommend it very much :) finally ! everything in your post is pure gold . thank you ! i hate the nurturer tag we get , it doesnt fit me in any way ! handiace , you are the man ... what do you do in these situations ? if you are standing 3/6 in a circle , or just 1 on 1 , and the conversations strikes upon a sudden and terrible death . how do you deal with the situation ? and ... gender : male hair color : brown hair style : sidecut eye shape : what the ? dont know how to properly answer this . eyes of a nordic man ... eye color : blue / green glasses : n personal style / manner of ... warrior . they've got badass beards with shit loads of muscle . doesnt matter though , my fe would cause me to run away like a bitch and trip on my beard in the process warning : you have been warned when you mention that you are very outgoing when you are comfortable , i immediately think introversion , its an introverted trait imo . but extroversion / introversion are based on our way of ... it means that you are retarded ;) and messy ... the reason behind the number-question , is our need for structure . even numbers fits the mental puzzle perfectly , it gives a sense of completion / harmony . i switch over to ne whenever im around people im comfortable with , and im usually the one sucking up all the attention in the room . but im boring as hell when im with new people though , because im ... simple question , im curious about our nationalities :) i'll start . i'm from norway ;) oh , and one more question . wich of the number 2 and 7 do you prefer ? odd question , but i have my reasons :) here we go again ... why do foreign types use our forum for trash ? this is a failed attempt at anything , unless it was to upset me . we're great because we dont give you a beating even though you deserve it . why not express your anger ? if it is deserved , i wouldn't feel too bad about delivering the message in a controlled manner . not only does it feel good , but you become less of a doormat . i know this ... my god those peach candies are insanely delicious , hekkan så solten eg blei ... ugh , you friend sounds exhausting . i can see how she expected sharper reactions from you , and how that would upset her . its obviously an attitude issue with her , and you kept your cool and thats ... ahh man this brought tears rollin ... what a beautiful clip ! well its the same thing to be afraid of the police , and the authority the police possess . its just another choice of words . im afraid of my boss , but not outside work because he doesnt have any ... '