' i have always planned on getting married from a young age . its pretty important to me , so much so that i will be saving myself for that person only , whoever she may be . however my view of what ... what i got from that , is that at some point in my relatively solitary life , i will start having hallucinations ( probably shrooms ) . immediately proceeding those hallucinations along will come a really ... alcohol is probably entirely required for some people . having sex with a total stranger would probably be nerve wrecking , especially for the girl . stds are an obvious problem , and so is trusting that ... getting drunk then ... figures i thought that was what it was , but i was hoping it would be something more interesting than that :/ something i've always been curious about . one night stands and the like are never something i intended to do , as i fully intend on saving myself exclusively for marriage . that being said , i am very ... how do i handle it ? i don't ... lol the kind of slavery i was thinking of , was for the most part , labour that you didn't get paid for and were forced to do . of course there wouldn't be any murderer in the house , restrictions would ... the first comment was saying that we already kinda treat them as slaves . we take away their freedom , and usually end up dictating when they sleep , when they eat etc . so we are already controlling ... can it work ? yes should it work ? well you are already married , no turning back without screwing up your life . not the ideal type match , but you can definitively help him get in touch with his ... we are already judging them arent we ? we take away their freedom , and decide how many years they should be locked up . also this contains the assumption that if we started it up again , it would go ... i think this topic has been written off too many times without discussion , just because we've all been told its wrong , because its mean or whatever and not nice , and we did it to black people ( and ... of course there would have to be limits on what they would be able to do . for instance , building / repairing a road , they could make that work . just put collars on their necks or something and zap them ... we got tons of despicable human beings sitting on their asses in jail , why not put them to work ? we already took away their freedom , why not put them to good use ? maybe that will even make being a ... never had one , but i can imagine how much of an horrible person i would feel like if i did . i think sex is an expression of love , but a one night stand perverts that and turns it into a selfish ... apparently there is no go zones developing in parts of chicago , where police are afraid to go because these areas are heavily populated with black people and black gangs , and the policemen are ... that black lives matter is actually a very racist group , and very harmful to black people . the truth . i'd say donald trump is the best option , because all this political correctness is just killing the country . as aristotle said tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society . from ... being that he is likely an estp as well : tongue : i'd say part of your problem is lack of hope . also , you had leechers ? wow i didn't even get that : tongue : not like i've ever fealt like i needed friends , only time i really did was because of ... who cares if this is typical intj behavior , what you got going sounds awesome . a relationship with an isfj is probably the best pair for an intj , as you're functions are completely reversed . in any ... i have an extreme bias against infj's , due to the ones i have known been extremely unhealthy and among the most closed minded people i've ever known . my dad is an infp and i think he is the wisest ... because it is difficult for some of us to be silly without feeling like a weirdo ? now the same team is working to compare these gene variants to heterosexual males as in , having not done this crucial part and then publishing their unfinished work for some reason . still , the ... to sum up my feelings of a one world government ... no please no ! ! ! end of the world ! ! ! freedom destroyed ! ! ! yeah , its not a good idea . anytime there is an organization of any significant size it ... the way in which the world views intj's : weirdo's sounds like society expectations :/ well personally i hope you keep trying to get up with your dads side , having some family is better than none at all . a lot of the time i feel like i don't need ... hey i never said it was a calculated decision ! its kinda involuntary / subconscious . every type is intelligent . i was going to study engineering after i finished highschool because it seemed like a good job with good pay and good opportunity . i don't care about it at all though . i ... it all really depends on why these women became lesbian in the first place . some believe that its because of a hatred for men built deep into their subconscious . if all or most lesbians were self ... no , largely because its not anywhere near well known as feminism . funny thing is , all these claims make him almost look like an actual politician xd ill watch the video , but even if these are all true i would still vote for trump for these reasons . 1 . he's ... you're missing a lot of my reasoning , i've actually been putting a lot of thought into this , its kinda stressing me out . and its not so much that i dislike hilary , i just don't like government , and ... i agree with the same rights as men , but i doubt thats what it is for most women feminists . it may have even started out that way , but its been twisted into being unfair for men . maybe because they were a bad idea and they want better for you ? not saying thats what it is , just i hope you are considering that . intj's are prone to being extremely ignorant to other peoples ... i try to do activities with my bros . and interact with the people of my household , but outside of that i have a difficult time getting myself to stay in contact with other relatives : unsure : i feel i ... im mostly just looking for the ones that just call themselves that . weather they act like its definition or not is somewhat irrelevant to me . funny thing is im not even voting : kitteh : im canadian . well for one , im a libertarian . i believe in as little government involvement as possible , and so thats why i support the republicans rather ... low fe and si explains most of it . i've searched this on the web but the only results i got were the other way around such as are all feminists lesbiens as opposed to are all lesbiens feminists . my guess is that most if not all ... or ... because trump has declined any of their backing offers because he doesn't want to be controlled by anyone , like trump said . yeah everyones backed by wall street , because everyone in politics is corrupt . except for trump . clinton is corrupt as can be , i mean do people remember the email scandal ? we don't know who she is working for . trump atleast is working for himself and / or the american people , even if people don't ... maybe im wrong , could you explain to me how he is otherwise ? yeah but the natural laws work pretty well . socialism keeps failing and people keep trying to and trying to find a way to make it work , screwing things up in the process . he's a communist , so could be likely . thinking of their own methods as better than the natural law of the universe is extremely common among intj's . eeeh , ok sure . but be careful what you wish for , intj's aren't exactly what i would call dating material . why would you want a relationship with one anyway ? they are very inteligent people , my dad is an infp . although i don't think i've ever met a person that i know is an infp outside of my family , i would probably date a female one in a heartbeat ... come on , you're an entp , think of something more creative . this can't be the best way to go about this . all organized religion these days are false or corrupt in some way or another , so in that way yes all religions could be seen as false . '