' mary-jay listening to / creating music painting / drawing dancing laughing gin & juice occasional joes farting around laughing some more partying and getting things done at the same time my dad's intj :( i have his eye color , hair style , face shape , body structure ( he was actually pretty curvy : kitteh :) family members always say i resemble my dads attitude and the way he loves ... i want to be a neuropsychologist . entp ... but i don't really know my type that much . everytime i take a test it tells me i'm istp . sometimes i get isfp though . so it kind of depends . i'm currently in relationship with entp and ... update : i'm bald now . 58858 ugh mine is yellow too . ughughughughughsomeoneelsewholikesyellowbesidesme sorry ... i didn't mean it in a hostile way , i just don't like it when i say something that's not suppose to be taken seriously , or a joke , and someone actually does take it seriously , that's all . ... i hate when people do that , i did it so you would laugh , not so you'd take it seriously . just wondering what other things interest the entp , in a conversation o : i know this entp who always love talking about things that would be fun to do , he sometimes talks about how he'd mess with ... when you can't entertain someone , you decide to do something really crazy just to see their reaction . ( like flailing your arms and legs at the same time . ) when you begin a debate instead of a ... never gonna give you up ... never gonna let you down ... you're nothing but a lost cause . you just ruin everything . i just said that so i wouldn't have to deal with you . you're not funny . you try too hard . you're boring . i don't ... i adore this post ( and your name ) : tongue : thank you for being able to see this inside of us isfps . :p roud : calm down buddy . i think you'll be fine if you stop worrying and getting nervous . if you look like you've got it together , she'll admire you . but isfps will only hold their opinions until they ... i'm sorry look at the sky ! sorry i was zoning out wait ... what ? hold on in a sec i'm busy being lazy ask me later never mind don't worry about it give her lots of compliments , be affectionate but don't go too fast or rush in too quickly , be slow and steady . if you feel like it may be going too fast , just give it time . mainly show that you care ... welcome ! i'm sure you'll like it here . nice to have another fellow isfp . ` v ` don't forget isfps . ` v ` talk about compliment .. from an intj ... / faint thanks so much ! ` v ` i needed a good description of this , because when i started thinking of stuff , my mind would throw me off an be like this isn't necessary , throw it out ! then what was the point of thinking ... open minded creative strong-willed free-spirited honest and most of all , loving i definitely agree with this one . i feel like i need the clingy-ness sometimes . i always love being around them because it can let me know what their thinking , what they're doing , how their ... any advice on how to help develop ne more ? thanks ^ ^ they were made digitally on a website called queeky.com :) yes , my mother and i get along very well . but usually she's always in a bad mood because her sensitiveness and my dads ... well , unsensitiveness don't mix well . we don't communicate very often , but ... mother : isfp father : intj youngest brother : entj - half brother ( relation : mom ) middle eldest brother : istj - half brother ( relation : mom ) eldest brother : intj - half brother ( relation :d ad ) ... i love sheep and lamb , they seem like such peaceful and gentle creatures <3 i also like fawns and baby deer <3 http://www.tbseblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/lamb.jpg ... thank you ^ . ^ i am close to 3 infj's ( they're like my closest friends in the whole wide world . ) and i love everything about them except , sometimes one of them seems to get bored easily ... hehe . http://www.queeky.com/remote/slide/800x800/122718/source.jpg http://www.queeky.com/remote/slide/800x800/122624/source.jpg http://www.queeky.com/remote/slide/800x800/122729/source.jpg ... ooh i like it ! it's got a nice steady beat . sounds all dubstepy . i love it , great job ! i was just playing around with soundation . c : soundation studio player it's pretty accurate to me . naughty eyes ... sometimes . but usually i'm poker-facing . 2 . i think i've only met 1 or 2 . but i don't think i've had conversations with any . 3 . fi + se i would say = ... xd thanks for the replies guys : happy : my mother told me a long time ago when i was a baby , when i saw a firework , i'd flinch from the sound and hide my eyes . it was the sound that scared me , but ... - when taking a bath pretend a washcloth was a fish , and then later turned it into a stingray because it looked more realistic . - always put clothes on the barbies . ( girls ) - made an impulse , then ... infj girl c : we always say stuff like if only you or me were a boy . then i'd totally date you . 1 . ) yes . 2 . ) if i can see the hard work put into it , then i can immediately . 3 . ) love them . 4 . ) either emancipator , or savoir adore enfp or esfp oh my goodness . it was definitely a wonderful book c : i absolutely loved stargirl . she reminded me of myself in a more open way . i never got to finish the book though . i know this has nothing to do with your post and will probably annoy you at the most . but stargirl ? you read it too ? i named my computer silverware : b http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtGY4G7II6s i've been listening to this song ever since i was like 10 . still screams me today . well , i wanna tell him ; but i don't want to hurt his feelings : x i honestly think that you just don't care sometimes . i feel like you're more concerned with your friends and your games than you are ... i ell oh ell'd . isfp scorpio beauty is my only reason for living . ^ ^ ^ this awesome , same with us . thanks for telling me this , this did actually worry me . if he needs to recharge his battery i can respect that . i just didn't know if it was just because i wasn't interesting enough to get him on ... he doesn't show anything out of the ordinary , when he sees me , he smiles , we hug . but that's usually what we do every time . i'm sure he does miss me though ; he has said it to me but i wasn't ... '