' hello , everyone . i haven't been back here in a while . i started checking these forums again recently because of some personal issues i've had in my life . anyways , this thread is to give attention ... book : the davinci code . don't know what you mean by connected to , but that book was epic . music : tool ! ! movies : i watched k-pax recently , and that was awesome . american beauty and donnie ... i think our early childhood determined how we all came to be infp . i bet most of us had a rough childhood . my sister is also an infp , and when her boyfriend of like 1.5 years broke up with her she was the exact same way . even told me so . i did my dare too . now i dare myself to finish reading angels & demons by ... sunday . you listen to one of my favorite bands ! annnd i dare myself to go to sleep :D peace . oh , and to add to the main topic at hand ... when i like a girl i usually try to spend time with her , but not in a creepy stalker way . eventually 99.5 % of the time they end up seeing me as just a ... i think it's most likely because this person became infatuated with something new in his life . i speak from experience . there have been numerous times i've talked to people on the internet and ... that sometimes happens to me . there's more to dreams than people realize . i will have a very vivid dream of myself being in a certain situation , in a certain place , and a day to a few later i'll be ... i wrote this when i was like 13 or 14 . first and only poem ( if you can call it that ) i ever wrote . as i sit here looking at the whole world running i think what could have been there i am lost ... i like who i am . i just don't like being so introverted . not necessarily a bad thing , but i want to be more talkative . currently working on being less shy . life will not have a meaning until we as a species evolve to the point of loving one another . i feel the same way often .. even with my friends i have known for years . they'll be in our group .. talking , laughing , whatever .. and something will hit me like they don't even know half of who i ... i love cats and all animals . growing up with cats has made them more favorable for me , though . i was about to say the same thing :] wow , greg ... you're just like me in pretty much every way you listed .. i like how you mentioned the ' ' awkward door-opening situations ' ' that made me laugh i think it's because it's the infp nature to try to see the good in people .. i know i can sometimes be naive and trust people even though i have a gut feeling not to . damn . i was gonna post some pics but i have to go to work in a couple minutes . tourist , your cat is awesome . i hate my job ! i load trailers every day . it sucks ! two years been doing this . 15 % unemployment , and can't find another job . imagine lifting and loading 20-30+ thousand pounds a day in a ... wow . cute kitten :) i'd call her alesana i've seen dexter and house a few times . pretty good shows . never really dedicate myself to watching a series on a given night of the week . i watched the first three seasons of the o . c though . ... haha . that made me laugh . definitely can't have that ! hmm . maybe i should start wearing pink shirts and see what happens then :] dude ! i have the same exact problem ! and the girls that are interested in me and think i'm an asshole always seem disappointed to find out i'm not .. then they flee . wtf ! ? hahaha . that was pretty funny . my standards are pretty high , which is why i think i'm still single . i like girls with light , exuberant eyes and a pretty face . lol , that's the most important thing , it just seems to captivate me . ... wow , what a bitch . she may have been just trying to get you to open up more , but that's like the worst way i've ever heard of someone trying . if that happened to me , i would have most likely got ... oh i can totally relate to everyone here . this site is awesome . i didn't know there were so many people just like me :] i've always been shy . i remember having many friends in my elementary ... maybe you should join the peace corps ! only if i don't remember what i did the night before :] from what i read , infps are good teachers . from what you're saying , it seems like you are great with kids .. so i'd say go for it . why not ? although .. i am an infp and kids always end up hitting me ... from the way you described it , i would definitely go with the intp . yep . i feel like toby mcguire in the movie spiderman , before he actually became spiderman . what do you mean ? lol i can never sleep with dead silence . i leave my tv on or play music when i'm going to bed . the noise lets my mind drift more easily . i got sucked into a blackhole too ! there were many animated characters with spaghetti hair and weird faces that made me laugh ! personally , i like immortal technique a lot .. and bobby ray .. he's more hip-hop , but his music isn't about money , ' ' bitches ' ' and cars .. like many others . lol ! salvia ! i've smoked that stuff so many times . craziest thing ever . i've been smoking weed on / off since i was 16 . i really only do it by myself after work , or occasionally with close friends . everything just seems more real when you smoke it . it's like ... i couldn't fucking agree more ! i hate those shows sooo much . just the thought of it angers me . those are all the shows my sister will watch . i can't believe teens these days look up to the ... i don't watch princess movies like you do lol , but i've seen the notebook like 10x so i guess . i think james keenan maynard is an infp the point where it's about to rain / thunderstorm during summer . you can feel this crazy electricity in the air .. makes me feel good :] yes . happens all the time . i'll be fine for a long time .. then i go to a party , the mall , school , anything with a lot of people and i immediately feel drained and tired . hate that feeling . i have this book called do what you are : discover the perfect career for you through the secrets of personality type anyways ... it suggests these careers for infp's creative arts : artist , ... if you really knew me , you'd know that i might appear angry or sad , but i'm really just content . i hate that ! no , you're not . but , maybe i am : o i've been working for ups for two years now . i really hate it , but it's really hard to find another job ... so what can i say ? hopefully college will lead me to a good career . do you have any pot to go with that video ? i kinda like the background music though :) i completely agree with that . i've watched like literally every episode of ' a haunting ' on the discovery channel . if that show taught me anything it's that if you see a spirit and you sense pain , ... '