' forever by pete hamill second that . i agree . i had a similar experience ... i went into nursing because it has good job prospects , but i didn't really feel like it was my calling . 3/4 of the way to my degree , i switched to graphic ... 78462 my eyes . maybe it's all b . s . , but i've always been told i have very intense , soulful eyes . food for thought ... scientists discover that eyes really are ' the window to the soul ' | mail ... sooo agree :) enfps are my favorite for that very reason . 37 % infj 26 % infp 7 % enfj 7 % enfp 6 % intj yeah well , no one up here likes that senator . at all . just curious ... how do you consider it like ca ? after living in both places , it seems like night and day to me . to answer your questions , it's ... i would ask yourself this - if you don't go , will you always wish you had ? if the answer is yes , then do it . you can be settled anywhere with a bit of leg work . i relocated to la from nyc in two ... i am a nevada native , so i'm probably highly biased , but ... i love it here . ( i live in northern nevada - reno - not vegas , which is a hellhole in my humble opinion ) . anyway , reno is a mix of liberal ... daft . i struggle with this all the time . the tiniest bit of criticism about subjects i feel strongly about can send me into depressive / perfectionist nuclear mode . over time , i've tried to first take a step ... :: :p repares noose :: : ... just kidding :) i tend to agree with you , unfortunately . i think most of the organized systems ( religion , economy , government , etc . ) are pretty fucked at this point ... we're inside everyone's head . after we've thoroughly dissected our own psyche , we move on to more interesting things ... like yours :) i wouldn't say i'm sad , exactly ... weary , though . i feel like i spend most of my time trying to cheer up those i love & help them figure out their problems . meanwhile , i have no idea what to do ... you are nearly done conquering this world and have set your sights on mars . i am not one , but know a few ... undoubtedly :) i love weird people . the normal ones are so ... ugh . my brain feels like it's being strangled when i'm with them . what a pretty video ! hitler , pol pot , gandhi , and mother teresa ... dang . at least we're a passionate bunch :D 76216 neuschwanstein castle in germany without really knowing your circumstances , it's hard to know what to say . but , as someone who ran away ( like , 2500 miles away ) when i was a teenager , i would just say to please make sure you know ... fight test - the flaming lips haha . you sound just like an intp friend of mine :) what he said . oh no ! those ones are freaking scary . i saw them a couple times in the subway in nyc , and they seriously were the nastiest things i've ever seen . yes , i did break my lease in la . i moved to a ... so , i can't believe this is part of my vast array of largely useless knowledge , but most roach baits on the market use one of two active ingredients ... fipronil and some other one i can't remember ... good point . my best friend is an intj , and though we are both girls and just friends , i have similar experiences with her . when she's there , she's amazing ... but she frequently disappears for days or weeks and ... hmm , for me ... my adorable pets my lovely sweet little sister whose sarcastic sense of humor always makes me laugh the many hilarious t-shirt designs i got to see at work today ... my favorite ... i am an infj , and these are all common traits for the infj type as far as i know . the obvious care for others , but enjoying being a wallflower , and our eyes practically boring holes through people's ... watching house of cards while i wait the allotted time for hair dye to set ... and admiring my pets playing together ( chihuahua and a cat ) . my parties are always intimate affairs ... quiet , with good but soft music , plenty of wine or beer , and 15-20 very close friends at my house . yes ! it's three letters ; it's not that difficult , people . also , people who are overly concerned with what others ( not specific others , just the general they ) might think . istps remind me of porcupines . [ quote = katemarie 999 ; 3821575 ] i always got the idea that we were irritating and annoying . [ / quote enfps are far from irritating or annoying . i don't know how other infjs feel , but i am like a moth ... enfps are definitely my favorites . but then , i haven't dated many ts ... so they could be just as nice ? i dreamed that i was drunk driving a sports car around ( i assure you this is not one of my waking activities ! :) and mowing over stop signs and the like . i was going from one place to the next trying ... yes ! i get this from people too , frequently . i'm not sure why i find my own misfortunes ( and , yes , sometimes others ' misfortunes ) so funny , but i do . and not in a mean way . i think some people think ... pretty lights - can't stop me now and no , i'm not high ;) to answer your questions ... the hookers really aren't so bad . it usually just involves frequent awkward , sideways-glance-filled elevator rides . although one time the police came up and started ... walking that line of misanthrope and therapist is my daily struggle . like some others have posted , i seem to do better when i am helping other people just by listening or helping them get through the ... amen to that ... i'm in a similar situation . the elevators ( when they work ) smell literally like human urine , the neighbors frequently have hookers over ( yes , hookers ) , and there are bums living in ... i agree . i always find it surprising and a little puzzling that so many other types don't seem interested in hearing others ' stories . i feel like most conversations ( especially the ones over dinner , ... '