' my bmi is 19.3 , yet i still feel like i weigh more than most people . i admittedly have an unhealthy relationship with food and am prone to worrying about calories to the point where it has an impact ... usually there are some really nice , thought evoking threads mixed in with a bunch that are a bit more basic and can be answered with a few words . to me the ratio sometimes seems a bit skewed but of ... anyone wanna take a shot at after school / orange caramel ? i don't know as too well so i'll just do the oc members for now , raina : isfj lizzy : esfp nana : entj honestly it's hard for me to pin ... from this test i got entp ... but honestly i don't see that working out . it's a type i could definitely learn a lot from but long term partnership would probably be rough . sometimes it's a struggle to be taken seriously on this website but that's the nature of it . people on forums or online are generally ni users ( typed accurately or otherwise ) , and therefore have a ... i don't think we're viewed as that intelligent , not necessarily dumb but perhaps a bit air headed . i'm used to this and it doesn't bother me much . also , we're a bit shy around new situations or ... my inability to follow directions for building , assembling , etc , is actually getting more embarrassing as i get older . it's almost like i just shut down when when i see that kind of stuff . i'm ... not really . and for this reason i have a tendency to overcompensate for it by trying too hard to read the other person , resulting in a conclusion that's often over thought and false . i am a lot like the person you're talking about minus the part about flaking on plans . i'm just more hesitant on making plans because i know there's a chance that if i plan something so far in ... compared with a couple of years ago , i can happily say that i've made advances in being less of a jealous person . honestly , it used to be pretty bad to the point where i would try to change myself ... i'm really a big fan of traveling - everything about it interests me except for the stress of having to do too much difficult navigation on my own because it's definitely not a strength of mine . ... as your are well aware of by now , it doesn't come easy to us , even if we're speaking with someone we're close to . the ' trick ' you speak of is something that's done to me a lot by people who have seen ... plain clothes are plain for a reason - they're meant to be mixed and matched with other pieces with various degrees of plainness . with those , you can either make obvious matches such as black + ... regarding the gifts , i'm not sure how good of an idea it is . it's clear that your intentions are pure and you're a shining star for treating a guy this way , but it could be making him uncomfortable ... as i expected , defining this word is rather difficult . i would say that love is a connection that binds two people together . it is conditional in the sense that it can be degraded to some degree , ... i'm a 4 , and most isfps i see around here are either 4s or 9s , but there are also some who fall outside of those two types . i think there's a strong connection between fi and type 4 , so that may be ... i've been told that it's just the way i look at people . kind of dreamily or something , but i have to say that it's not always noticed so it's not super successful . i find that if i try to put ... sober conversation is clearly the best way to go about this , so that's step one . the flirty to distanced switch isn't that uncommon , and it's probably a sign that he doesn't have the greatest ... since when was slutty an isfp stereotype ? ouch . xd it's not that we're all good at drawing , composing , or anything like that at all . it can look that way from the outside , but fi + se is more of a reflection of the way we view the world . we take note ... i go to a public school that has ~ 5000 undergrad students . it's in a small town where the locals and businesses are very hippie , so that's generally reflected in the student population . i'm not sure ... i think this is a ridiculous request . if you're going to do that , you'll have to make one for other segments of people too , such as gender neutral . either way , i think it only creates barriers ... i think those who are truly smart are able to recognize that everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses . that's really the bottom line . society places a lot more weight on textbook ... there aren't any famous people who i love to the point where i'd lift them to a higher status than anyone i know in real life . i don't really see much of a benefit in having idols or people to look ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UodDJEE49V0 i'm not sure if it's a common isfp trait or not , but if it were , i wouldn't be too surprised . it's no something you have to accept . comfortably bring it up at a time when things are going well and ... isfp - yellow . i also really like the contrast of black and white . incidentally , my mom was the one who became interested in it first and made my immediate family take a test from a book she had . therefore i know their types , and despite the inaccuracy rating tests ... it's definitely what i'm looking for . i'm not fond of the idea of locking someone into forever status immediately , but if that's where it went , then i'd have no objections . i think it can scare ... conflict sucks , i agree . but it doesn't suck as hard as you being forced to do something you're not invested in . the conflict will eventually die down , but if you don't voice your feelings then ... on occasion weed . i've smoked a cigarette before and didn't really like it , so i don't do it . but if others want to smoke , i won't judge them . i'm not a natural leader , but if no one else is leading in a group i'm in and it looks like there needs to be a leader , i'll do it . i do an okay job leading but it's not something i'd choose to do . i like listening to music a lot . i always find myself tapping my leg to the bpm even if i don't consciously start it . i think it's because music for me has the power to validate feelings and also ... i posted in the main thread but figured i should post here too to represent the isfps ! plus i added a bonus picture for this thread only ! xd http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y169/RRSR/Image642.jpg ... for me it was a specific person that opened me up again . now that said person is no longer in my life , i kind of feel like i'm reaching that stage again . i'm disappointed with myself because it's ... not at all , actually . i might ask for input , but i usually just ultimately do what i feel is best for me . this might because i don't look for a congrats or good job . i don't really feel anything ... both of my parents have been tested . my mom is an enfp and my dad is an istj . being gay , i'm not sure if i can really give an answer you're looking for . i like to think that my mannerisms are more neutral than masculine or feminine , yet at the same time i realize that i don't ... intermediate japanese elementary chinese cultures of south america cultures of east asia calligraphy other than calligraphy , these classes probably equal my favorite semester yet . i used to name off types when this question popped up , but i'm not sure that i can really do that anymore . it's more traits than types that i'm attracted to . to keep up with the common theme in ... you guys are quite helpful and for that i thank you a lot . the hardest part for me is occupying myself / my mind , but i know it's something i have to do . though for now it's pretty easy for me to ... in that case , i'll likely never be able to answer this appropriately . :P i've been told that people can never tell how i'm feeling , or that i don't initiate enough . i'd say these are my main character flaws . it's really not like me to share something this personal on a forum .. or really with anyone , but i'm in need of some advice . right now i'm going through my first real break up . i've had other ... it's not necessarily a skill set as it is a mindset . like others have mentioned in the thread , we usually have our eyes out for things that look pleasing to us , although we may not know how to ... sounds to me like this is at least in part your enneagram type speaking . as a 4 , i also go through times like this where i feel i'm being inauthentic . even as a child , i would take summers off from ... i wouldn't call myself a confronter , but i don't let people walk on or over me . i stand up for myself too , and ultimately just do what i want regardless if it's what's requested of me or not . i can ... i've found sjs , especially isjs to be the most trustworthy people in my life . - new knowledge and experiences - new music - people i care about - feelings , even if negative nonexistent . not by choice though , for whatever reason i find it difficult to make friends who are introverts so i currently only have a couple and none are infps . '