' most of you won't know or remember me but i thought i'd dust off my account to pop in and say hi to my istj friends . hi ! :p roud : how's life been for all you introverted sensors ? as an infp with an istj parent , i echo your original sentiment . infps are perfectionists and having an istj authority figure pointing out your flaws repeatedly can decimate what little ... i agree with niss . this : was especially troublesome to read . does he initiate contact with you while you are apart or are you the one who calls or texts ? does he make you a priority when you ... that's our general rule as well , but what usually happens is that the car / refrigerator / dishwasher / clothesdryer / washing machine / whatever breaks down before we've saved the money up again . i'd like to ... ugh . i bet you really appreciate air conditioning at the end of a long day . there is a fair bit of country-influenced music but the majority of it is going to be more along the lines of alt or red dirt country . country would be just a small fraction of the music you can ... eh . winter is overrated . that's why god made colorado : you can go visit winter for a week and then come home and not have to shovel , salt or plow to get out of the driveway . : wink : ( i can't ... austin is amazing . texas hill country is good for the soul . http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4021/4502211847_29d3936309.jpg good food , good music , high employment rates , low taxes , longhorn ... cool . just found out the coil in our air conditioning unit needs to be replaced . instead of focusing on the fact that our ten year anniversary / post-graduation trip set in january for mr . tuttle ... last one : http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/75618547_ZlAZagkN_c.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/27605702_rvTqKqTf_c.jpg c . s . lewis http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/45771586_mECvsDM6_c.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/27608357_bM3IluAI_c.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/72456000_frLC1LT3_c.jpg http://d30opm7hsgivgh.cloudfront.net/upload/72475870_WMVnzVJ4_c.jpg awesome . frustrated . because the pile of laundry from vacation is not sorting / washing / drying / folding / putting away itself . my remedy ? pinterest : every creative procrastinator's dream . ( i have some ... i think each of your dominant functions ( your introverted intuition and his introverted sensing ) can work really well together , as they are both perceiving functions ( meaning those functions record ... if you are ever in st . louis , you must visit the city museum . eta : grrr . i can't figure how to copy / paste on an ipad . citymuseum.org if this meetup happens within a 300 mile radius of dfw , i am sooo there . with my camera . and video camera . and a notary . fyi : i highly recommend clinique ( or dior if you want to splurge ) . you really do get what you pay for . this is especially true for mascara . ha ! that seriously made me laugh out loud ! srae and memphisto , ahh , my infp sisters . i've never felt closer to the two of you . my notes / lists have saved me from myself more times than i care to remember . ugh . pursuing . i promise i'm not drunk . and ryan , i hope you know i wasn't trying to come across condescendingly . after i reread my post , i realized it could sound that way . totally not my intention ... yeah , that's true , but guess what ? * every * long-term relationship requires life-long compromises from * both * parties . if you aren't at a point in your life where you willingly want to make those ... imo , the most extroverted introverts would be ixfj's because their secondary function , extraverted feeling , drives them to connect with others . i'd also guess that isxps would be next , with inxps ... elated and / or thrilled ! these aren't the best pictures that show the color / pattern contrast or detail , but wow . i am so pleased with how this turned out . front : ... amused . back at mom and dad's to finish up my quilt . despite being a p i can be a bit ocd when it comes to creative things . while i was ripping out my third mildly crooked seam ( all the while ... a portion of my family originated from louisiana and i've met several cajun relatives . when i was young ( 6 , 7ish ) , i thought the song secret agent man was instead titled secret cajun man . even ... as incredibly blissful as that sounds , it's not possible . mr . tuttle has since apologized and will be taking the kids out tonight and tomorrow evening so i can get some desperately needed quiet time ... thank you for your service ! it is certainly appreciated . - colors : purple / lilac , red , blue - books : history , self-improvement , mindless chick-lit - what do i seek : authenticity - current job : sahm - future job : i / o psychologist as much as i'd love to say doing i'm going to have to go with day-dreaming . i'm an all-or-nothing person and am terrified of failure : if i can't do it perfectly , i won't do it . my perfectionism ... i am angry . death sucks . funerals suck . deadbeat dads who abandon their kids for over 20 + years suck . custody battles over a three-year old who just lost his mother between a grieving ... thank you everybody . i can't begin to explain how much your kind words mean to me . this is all so completely unreal . she was 24 years old , had a 3 year old son , was two semesters away from ... my cousin died in an accident late last night . i am in absolute shock . i mean , i just talked to her the other day . how can this be ? how can she have been here yesterday and now she's not ? i ... the anti-depressant mention gave it away , huh ? two thoughts : 1 ) i am shocked , just shocked , that you can't precisely remember when you thought about doing something crazy and 2 ) i wonder what ... brooding , but restless would be more accurate . too much routine is suffocating me . i need ... a change , a shift in perspective , to shake things up , to climb a ( figurative ) mountain . i want to ... 17818 will i earn 100 points if i step on you ? one of today's featured articles on psychology today : how to read people good timing . : happy : : laughing : could you please tell my children that there will be no cooking on my part with this kind of headache ? i mean , i fed them a mere seven hours ago . they have to eat again already ? ... i know you have closed this thread but i really hope you'll hear me out . i know this is long so if you read nothing else , please go here to read further about biblical boundaries . fyi : i have a ... gaudy 316 , my offer still stands . good luck to you , whatever you decide . and thank you everyone for your kind words and for thanking my post . it means more than you'll ever know . : happy : i want to start out with all of my qualifiers at the beginning of this : - i love my mom . - i respect my mom . - not every female istj who happens to be a mom would behave this way . - my intent is not ... cool . it's like my very own bat-signal ! : cool : op , give me a little while to organize my thoughts and i'll be back with ( what hopefully will be ) liberating advice . you may not want to hear it ... or just listen to what niss says . i'll have more mental stamina to answer this more in-depth tomorrow but the question you probably should ask yourself is not how do i earn my mom's approval ? but rather how do i make life-altering ... lol : crazy : yeah , karaoke sounds so relaxing . we can sing a mean rendition of islands in the stream but that's the extent of our entertainment repertoire . and no we will not perform it for you ... mood : plotting . three days of intense quilting instruction has led me to stash a pair of pinking shears in my apron pocket . i say this knowing full well that mom has a pair of snips in her own ... y'all have no idea how difficult this season has been for me . when the season started , we pegged him as a pretty intense individual . the super-alpha male persona didn't emerge until later in the ... '