' it's been 2 years since i got to know him . i actually lived with him and he asked me to . but just as friends , even though we had sex every day and he held me when we were sleeping . and then i found ... correcting relationship : fuckbuddys . i'm not surprised by these answers . not as friendly as infj's for example ... i had one of those intp outbursts when i wrote that , and my infp makes me emotional and i don't like it at all ... i guess my real question was , how should a thinker like myself act around a feeler ... i've known 2 istp's that i've had ... weird kinds of relationships with . how do you actually know they like you ? two inroverted thinkers can be complicated ... and intp ' like myself have the same ... i don't even want to start this topic , because i can't understand infp's change in moods and so on ... and i'm bipolar for god sake ! can you guys answer this ? i'm currently in a relationship with one , ... intp here . nicotine , alcohol , lsd , shrooms , xanax , prescription meds of any kind ( have had pretty much everything on prescription because i know how to act ) , amphetamine , mdma , legal research ... - fight club - inception - shutter island - the prestige - equilibrium - sherlock holmes - the butterfly effect i suppose that adhd may be correct , and maybe , just maybe bipolar disorder . bipolar disorder with adhd traits is quite common . but i don't think i suffer from anxiety disorder or aspergers syndrome ... i have been diagnosed with adhd , aspergers syndrome , bipolar disorder ( manic depressive illness ) , and anxiety disorder . i don't think i do have all of these though , it's just labels they give you ... the title says everything . say anything , black stone cherry , placebo , lillasyster , theory of a deadman and so on . i drink a lot , and then i realize that the feelings only become stronger by consuming alcohol . i try to stay focused on other things , like reading about stuff that's faschinating to me . it actually ... nirvana - downer - they don't get offended about things you say . - they have a great sense of humor , and can make a joke about pretty much anything . - you can share your interests with them , and they actually ... because of our intelligence , we would be able to form the society into something better maybe . but i think that one better option is that intp's would be the leaders of the world . not to rule ... i really enjoy emotional people , mostly because i don't understand them right away . i need to analyze them , and because of this i often end up as some sort of advisor for them . they actually listen ... yes , it's absolutely true . i don't care about what other people think about me , i don't need any credit for anything i do . but there's a few people that i really need to have in my life . when they ... infp - female intj - female intj / infj - male infj - male it's just that .. i'm terrible at describing feelings ! i always complicate it so much that the true feelings dissapear in some sort of .. weird mess of words . should i say it in a simple way ? xd well , i recognize a lot of these things .. maybe i should tell him then . xd iron maiden - brave new world when we hang out he say all these cute things , talks about things he know i'll find interesting and we often talk about deep topics , he acts all goofy around me and he even kissed me the other day ... i have an infj friend that i really like .. but he's sending all these mixed signals so i don't really know what do believe . i guess that's why i'm asking . it's really confusing and it drives me insane well , i don't know if this thread already exists . i tried to look for it but i couldn't find one .. what are the signs ? mom : intj dad : entj then i have two close infj friends , and one infp friend . always infj's .. people tell me i walk like a duck , at least with one of my feet .. and when i met my old teacher , she said : i didn't recognize you at all at first ! but then i noticed your walk , and i knew right away ... yes , i'm really absent-minded .. i'm starting to search for something , and when i'm walking around looking for it , i forget what it was i was searcing for .. and if i need to make a phone call , i pick ... i've only been in relationships with infjs , and they tend to be pretty .. hard to deal with if you don't tell them how you feel about them and stuff ! i guess i've learned because of that , but i don't ... 11055110 56 old photos , i'm too lazy to take new ones .. it's me and my infj friend on the second one . : crazy : cradle of filth - nemesis oasis - helter skelter zakk wylde - sold my soul my mom : intj my dad : entj me : intp you guys should really listen to a swedish band called kent .. it's sooo infj ! they do songs in english aswell .. really , listen to them ! i've noticed similiar threads here , but i just wanted to ask . and if you have pictures of your room / house / apartment it would be quite fun if you posted them here . i am really messy , there's stuff ... what kind of things ? i'm really curious about this . i remember all the classes i had when i was younger .. like that art class thing ( i don't know how to translate it , it was called bild on swedish , wich would be picture on english ) anyway ! i ... i've been thinking about this , and i really need to know if it's possible for infjs to forgive people ? i don't have the patience to finish anything , unless it's something intellectual ! i've tried everything , design clothes , painting , i started on a book but i wrote like .. two chapters . i was going to ... yes , i really do . when people are talking about things i don't find interesting , i tend to go inside my own head . and when they notice that i don't listen , they tend to scream at me because i don't ... yes , they do ! because they often take my statements personal , instead of seeing what it really is . i don't want to offend anyone , yet they seem to think i say things just to hurt them or whatever ... mustasch - i'm frustrated i don't get over it .. i'm still thinking about one person i started to like a year ago .. the ironic thing is that i was so avoidant in the beginning , but he almost made me like him , and then .. when i ... cradle of filth - nemesis 1 . ) i moved away from home when i was 15 , then moved back home again one year later and i still live at home now . 2 . ) no ! 3 . ) yes , pretty much 4 . ) yes ! 5 . ) yes , but i do keep an open mind . 6 . ) ... swedish .. and yeah , i'm from sweden . i'm not happy , and i'm not very old either ! i tend to think about the meaning of my existence a lot , and i'm not even close to find a solution . life is frustrating . : frustrating : to be ignored when you have something important to talk about . : frustrating : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEhqS62Owuw '