' i've actually come across those before and i think they're on the right track . though the ti exercise is a huge turn-off lol . all those damned little lines . i don't have patience for that . @ . @ as ... this reminds me of a joke my friends have about me making the absolute worst lifeguard ever . i'm a walking se-fail , but at least it makes for some good laughs . :D your first answer got me thinking ... i can definitely attest to the idea that infj's have a hard time leaving our comfort zones . you're right - it can be unnatural to us . it's likely one of our biggest weaknesses . the struggle to ... hello estp's ! :) i hope you don't mind , but as an infj i cannot help but be intensely curious about estp's and their relationship with se-ni and was hoping i could ask estp's a couple of ... probably , yes . esfj's fe can be overbearing to introverts . their si isn't really interested in abstract ideas , which infj's are full of . their ne , if well-developed , can be fun at times . their ... nope . i'm an atheist , and i'm anti-organized religion . i personally believe that religious people are deluding themselves . and no , i don't feel like debating this . i seem to be growing less and less sensitive the older i get . also , spending time with thinker types has forced me to take a look at what things make me sensitive and why . it seems that as soon as i ... i know an intj female irl . she's indian , lesbian , director of marketing or some shit like that at a fortune 500 company , and the only person who can whoop my sorry ass at words with friends . the more i need someone to be close to me ... the more i push them away . no reason i concoct has been a satisfactory explanation for this pattern . i stand by what i said in my final paragraph . i think it still applies to what you say you're looking for in post # 5 . the test for mbti is highly flawed . most people i know who take it are mistyped , ... j and p are not functions . they are part of the mbti nomenclature . there are only four functions : f , t , n , and s . there are eight function-attitudes : fe , te , fi , ti , se , ne , si , and ni . each type ... i think you're absolutely right . intj's are systems builders , but infj's are people-systems builders . that's why so many of us go on to study psychology , sociology , anthropology , etc . in fact , ... i think you mentioned that you've already dismissed infj , but i think you should reconsider . fe isn't necessarily about people pleasing and operating under societal norms , especially in infj's ... i think ni can achieve a greater level of awareness due to it's ability to shift between perspectives . for me , infj , this means taking the information that i have and building a loose framework of ... i agree with this . i think infj's are easily mistyped , and also can very easily pull off acting like other types ( not something i waste my time with , but i've seen an infj do this firsthand ) . i ... * lurks quietly in the shadows , taking notes * you're doing the exact same thing you're criticizing others for . ranting and crying about feelings . edit : i'm not offended , i just calls it when i sees it . scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist x97 george carlin . that's me . a scratched , cynical , disappointed idealist . i've seen mentions about infj's and manipulation . the truth is ... all ixxj's manipulate . it's the nature of having our introverted perceptive worldview as our dominant function , and then an execute ... very interesting read , i really enjoyed reading everyone's ideas in this thread . i've got a lot of good stuff to think about . thanks for the food for thought . :) mistyping is a problem that can be solved through learning jung's cognitive function theory . you are an infj if you use ni , fe , ti , and se . in that order . if you research these functions and ... i ingest marijuana daily using a vaporizer . it has greatly improved my life for medicinal and psychological reasons . i don't give two shits about anyone else's smoking habits . that's their ... few ideas i have that i humbly wish to share : - typing people using mbti descriptions alone is highly inaccurate . the descriptions are , at best , vague over-generalizations of human characteristics ... i know this part is a little off topic but ... i can't believe how accurately that describes me ( single child , broken home ) . that part really spoke to me . thanks for sharing . i originally spelled it the incorrect way , i think perc automatically corrected it , because i edited the post and changed it back to what i thought was the correct way , but i see now that it was ... from my experiences with my istj best friend : - don't make decisions without the infj's input . we are usually very compliant with ideas and plans as long as they are ethical , fair , and rational ... his eye movements , however , are not the only thing that makes me believe he's not infj . it was really the best concrete example of explaining why he's not infj that i can think of , because i've just ... when an ni-user is retrieving / manipulating information with ni , their eye direction is the typical up and to the left / right side . this can occur before , during , or after speaking , and the listener ... shit , he's not infj . he reminds me a lot of an infp male i know . his eye movements are indicative of ne , rather than ni , as well . my guess is that he's an infp that took the mbti and scored infj ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RidsxnnVTR4 look at these people , amazing how sheep'l show up for the slaughter . no one condemning you , lined up like lemmings you led to the water . why can't they ... it's good to see that there are others in this forum illuminated to the truth . god bless america . land of the frivolous and home of the brainwashed . infj in mbti = infp in socionics . if socionics has any any merits , it's buried deep under layer after layer of bullshit . socionics thinks it can type people based off of the dimensions of their ... nah , my plan would never work . without supervision , i'm pretty positive the intj's will conspire against us . unless we send over special infj agents as intj's in disguise ... but who gets to decide the standards of who / what is wise enough ? my half-joking answer is to overhaul the current system and implement an authoritative entity made up of two governing bodies , ... i do this all the time and have never been able to figure out why until now lol . people have in the past gotten upset with me for apologizing too much because of it , but my first initial reaction ... hmm , have you considered the possibility that you are an infj ? infj's often time are mistyped as infp's , and the ones with stronger ti ( introverted thinking ) are often times mistyped as intp . if ... an istj friend of mine asked me what i want to be for my friends . after about 30 seconds of silence on my end , i answered that i want to be a kind , fun person who shows people a new way of thinking ... oh , i didn't even see it as potentially condescending . :) i got a feel from the way you worded the rest that you meant no harm . the way you described fi-dominance is just fantastic . it really ... hey , thought i'd chime in here as i've been lurking the isfp area since i had an argument with one very recently . in this argument , from my pov , i felt that her fi couldn't help but make ... don't believe everything you read on the internet . i don't think it's wise to trust any website that says some random famous people are any one particular type . unless i have analyzed and reached ... intj <3 we get along so well . we understand each other like no one else has ever understood each of us before . it's nice having the whole ni-dominant thing in common . ( though entp + infj is ... i met my fiance on okcupid , actually . he messaged me and we chatted for a minute , and we had instant chemistry . we went on a date the next day and it's been the best relationship of my life since ... i know 3 isfp's personally , have a friend who's brother is isfp , and know of a few fictional characters who are thought to be isfp's ( harry potter , curtis from misfits ) isfp female : highly ... take the time to learn how each perceiving function works ( ni , si , ne , and se ) . relying on online quiz results won't help you find your type correctly if you have no understanding of the cognitive ... nt's don't scare me . in fact , i appreciate their sensibility and find their breadth of knowledge intriguing and helpful . nf fluff scares me more than any nt ever could . my dad , boyfriend , and ... fakeness witnessed in fe-users is usually indicative of an immature use of fe . this is likely caused by feeling like the fe-user has no other choice but to be friendly to a person , as their ... i'd have to agree with fe being overbearing and thus , easily annoying to others . i'm an fe user myself , but i think having ti as my tertiary helps me balance out my fe use a great deal . esfj's don't ... if you really knew me , then you'd know that i'm no different from you . nostalgia is fun when it happens , but i don't feel particularly comforted by it . i occasionally like hanging on to small relics from my past to help trigger nostalgia , but i can put those away very ... we might be a little hard to capture . we're elusive and introverted ; we don't go out too much . when we do go out , it's usually with a group in friends . we'll probably be happy , a little spaced out , ... '