this is good ... i was asking for a group analysis in the near future ( my main objection to zuko-intj for now is : he's dating one :P ) . ok , i'll report ( focus on the beach and theater ) and write back ... i am ^ ^ . i reanimated this topic so i can bring good ( and bad , but interesting ) answers and use them to explain mbti to a friend : it's easier with fictional characters , and likeable ones to add ... well ok , i'm late of some six months it seems but i really want to bring mbti pov to this anime's topic on another forum ; so please , if you are still here answer me on the last characters left a bit ... vash the stampede . damn awesome enfps ... sorry , intruder mode off , but he must be into any anime hit say nothing at all when you know someting is wrong is not a lie ? why ... i cannot get rid of the impression that in the following - censored - two minutes these cute puppets are dating and ending in bed , making fun of too serious mbti users - us . xd an entj walks in a bar and starts acting picky to surprise check the work of her employees . an intp walks in a bar : better to know earth people in their environment before he makes a first ... lol ... you are right , kirk is entp ... because i always assume someone i can't stand is one :P now i was not here ( only ) for trolling ... i just rewatched tng and enterprise . picard is totally an infj ... seriously , i had not expected some of last posts in a nt forum : in bob's shoes i'd take the 1 dollar if i could ... and i don't even score the 80 % t in the tests xd . could be a good thing , another ... never done any real research : i need at least some time when i may shut down my mind and dont ' worry , and i'd rather this being while enjoying se-related activities : eating , hiking and , i don't ... yes , the bolded part is not so clear : from the description it seems he'll never lose anything nor that he must give someone something back for the money so , i could offer the minimum ( 1 ) and he ... i just quit my job . this brings my firm changes up to four in less than fifteen years . more , this time , i have not even another job ready at hand ... i feel so inxp today . not wholly unpleasant ... for at least two of them ... and all the other ? by the way you phrased it , you focused only on the results which gave you the undetermined result , this seems so wonderfully p ... : happy : last posts give a quite different view of this ' enviable ' label ... and one i second entirely . personally i have no distaste for the tendencies life support listed perhaps because , as he said , they ... or reversed , as dementia in absentia said . i had the same guess ^ ^ . let's invite them and tell them to discard the topic title ? yes , nj , with future before , present parting at my sides , past behind me ... i think , i didn't look or felt my back too much as i was trying to step up the flow . this is a very good point , i didn't think separate the ' android ' parts from the ' data ' parts , when we had a comparison term as he is not unique . ok , intp . :) overseer has the higher value . it's semantic . the other are incomparable : in the ' incapable of being compared each other ' definition , not the ' matchless ' one , mind you . this is not another ... this could be applied to picard as well , and you dubbed him as an e , am i right ? : s . entp should have a strong ti as well ( you tell me ! ) , and the dom ne could be his ' fake ' fe when interacting ... picard seems something as ni > fe > ti > se or fi > ne > si > te , ( can't remember which type is the other but infj is good for him ) ... but data an introvert , seriously ? oo he's always pursuing ... xntp : translater ( e : real time voice translater ; i : books translater ) ' thinking ' on feet is one bit of a foggy description : s ; i'm hopeless at quick word retorting or jokes , i need a lot of time ( sometimes whole seconds ) to phrase what i want to say although the ... first statement is quite true , in a statistic way of thinking : a lot of religious persons came to a ( some ) god ( s ) out of fear . not everyone though . second and third phrases seem a lot more personal ... i can't help you , i am not even sure you can modify an already-open thread if you are not a mod xd . admins ! a little help here ! spock thinks abstractely - ss can do it ! - but doesn't choose the ... nt yes , and i like star trek a lot ( from top : voy and tng down to ent , ds9 , movies and least tos ) . i like it a lot more for philosophy and charachters than for the scientific reasoning which is ... why ... i could be one , if we can accept the ' went well ' interpretation for a relationship which , in the last , ended ! i'm not so sure i can , although me and him are still in contact and have nothing ... obviously you can ... as soon as dancing becomes a crime in your country . or fishing , if your ' dace ' is not a typo : tongue : i wish i could speak all tongues in the world ( this world now ) being an s or an n is then a genetic legacy ? :d ry : you are now :) . only you didn't specify to do what so you sit and do nothing from here to eternity ... i wish i'll enjoy any kind of busting of my wish in the next post yes to the mask , no to the ' real change ' thing . i tested intj before and after a deep clinical depression ( long ) period of time , when i was at the topmost of my insecurity , tested esfp and acted - ... subscale iq score = 88 subscale percentile = 21 according to your self-report answers , your emotional intelligence is somewhat poor . people who score like you may at times feel that they have ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... perhaps you don't like it because you are not one xd . also , ' inspector ' sounds cool to a non-inspector like me , not quite as ' brainless cop ' but more as a relentless , quiet and intelligent ... right ! remember , you are introvert , you _cannot_ do this , no you cannot ! yes we can convince them if we keep trying also , two already ... this starts to sound as a well-planned nf invasion ... sport in highschool (: shivers :) i did my best with not so much effort only the year when the ' sport hour ' was in the swimming pool . i was ( and i am ) horrible at team sports and coreographic ones , ... http://img716.imageshack.us/img716/105/dsktp.jpg cant ' see the pattern the op was searching for ... except in being all so different : crazy : uh ... actually , this is exactly why i think they are equal ! : crazy : i check the most interesting threads in ' last unread ' list and quite often i find myself in intp or infp forums . out of curiosity ... the better chess gamers i know are istjs ( tested or obvious ! ) . so how could this be an n - privileged game ? : s war is a terrible waste . of everything you can think of . waste is stupid . this , from my privileged , far away point of view ... i think i'd spend more emotional words being in a war xd . do you believe in destiny ? no - but i think this is te , not ni do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? no - and this should be fi , not ni does analyzing complex things give you pleasure ... i am intj , and i like chess , but i am horrible at them . i don't like scrabble a lot , yet i am good at it . : tongue : total thanks : 51 thanked 49x in 31 posts total post 130 i would thank the op for making me discover the statistic tab , but i ' d mar the beauty of this symmetry xd simple and efficient althougt inelegant :D i can , also , but the main redlighted reason topping all is still ' cheating on you for her ' . i read all these posts but i ma not sure i have understood : have you _asked_ him why he does ? iif his ... replace t with f and this is good for me :P . : you should have added an ' both ' option as well , i think it'd scored a fair amount of votes ... op : i should be an n , and i learn top-down-top-beside * ( i think a single direction is never enough anyway , both for ss or ns ) , but i am horrible at poetry too ... why did you relate these two things ? ... i was into occultism . some strange things i saw i cannot explain fully still now and this is a good thing . i am glad to ' take a look ' at anything out of the material earth yet today but the sad ... i don't mind gore in movies , animes and night-daydreaming ... i can really enjoy it if it's not the only thing the plot revolves around ; i find it cathartic and more i can handle gore irl easily ... when i am sick ( not so often , luckily ) i always underrate my sickness and warn people who make a fuss to ' help ' that i only need a lot of sleep and won't answer the phone . so they won't worry too ...