honestly , that doesn't sound like a friend i would like to keep ... but i guess you have reasons to call him your best friend and been through too much to just cut him out of your life . obviously ... feeling unloved and / or ignored for no reason , critisism , if others are down , when our freedom is taken ( by rules , special situations ) haha , that's so true ... ! xd haha , we're never really alone . :) whether that's good or bad is another question ... welcome to perc ! :D ( and don't worry , i'm pretty lazy too ... ;D ) yup , that's right ! everyone should feel comfortable . and once you got there ( which will take a whole while ) , you have to keep it up ... seems like full-time job to me . : tongue : we reassure and want ... lol , this whole post confirms that enfps need to be reassured over and over again . maybe we care too much about what others think , but then again that's not too bad , right ... ? anyways , i'm one of ... hello , jack , welcome to perc ! :D i'm also looking forward for you to share your mind and join conversations . it's always great to have someone new aboard , so enjoy your ride ! :) hello there fellow enfp ! :D enjoy your ride on perc ! oh , and i can't wait to read some of your new views . ;D first make sure she always feels welcome , because whenever there's an argument she'll need someone to talk to . communication is everything . ( this advice was rather for your friend's boyfriend . xd ) ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPKFfcomdZA welcome to perc ! make yourself at home ! :D indeed , forcing is not going to make things better . i know some js who keep trying to make me actually use ( and not only own ) my appointment calendar . and they call me one hour before any ... enfpleasantly yeah , that's what i also think when i meet some js too ! xd and after being confronted with that i also take some more time for things like this . it can be fun . but i couldn't do it ... congrats ! :D here's a big hug for you , dude ! * hug * haha , that might be the reason why some js hate ps so much ... i mean maybe they are bothered by our unfinished look ? o . o i can imagine every j taking two little ps by the hand and teach them how to ... she said her boyfriend is enxp , so i think it shouldn't be problem that we entered the discussion , right ? o . o i also think every response was important until now ... or did i got the wrong end of ... haha , maybe we're just too hot ? jk it's pretty cold here at my place ( oh , noes ! does that mean i'm minority ? xd ) , but pants are uncomfortable ! sweat pants are okay though . everything as long as ... hmm , i always thought that was a pro and a con for every relationship . i mean , everyone who is involved can be harmed , but they can also experient great feelings . or in the words of john green ... oh , i do that too . if no one's around i draw or write . today i found my old diary ... i'm so stupid sometimes ! ! laughing about yourself is good from time to time . haha , we need to read them ( i ... that's good , hope is a good thing ! you can do it man ! :D * pats your shoulder * or was that sarcasm ? oh ... sometimes i feel like sheldon ... . ___ . well i didn't knew about the double posting thing either ! xd oh , i always blame the situation . there are so many factors ... like the mood which can be influenced by the weather or the setting . or ... oh , but as long as you have nice people around you who accept that panty-thing it's great too . :D and i don't think anyone here has made bad experience with that yet . my fault ! i thought you ... was that sarcasm ? if not ... no need to thank me . :) oh , i can understand you so well ! xd but you should never blame your partner unless it was really his fault . maybe you can blame the ... tbh , you won't like what i have to say , but i think you do have a problem . it doesn't have to be monophobia . monophobia means you're afraid of being alone , but i rather think you have a problem with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF5uvXV93hw just discovered this band and i can't get enough ! ♥ haha lucky you , enjoy your panty-freedom . indeed ! i want to live alone or with a so too ... for now i have to cope with my mom and her spontaneous guests . xd but soon i'll get myself a ... lol ! oh guys , guys . that's the reason why i love you so much ! xd i could never start this kind of thread . __ . but i hate pants ... or at least the pants i'm walking around with all day . as soon as ... hello there ! it's always cool if someone joins us ! :D i hope you'll have fun and interesting conversations on here . welcome to perc ! :) i'll give it a shot then ! thanks for introducing me to it . ( even if it wasn't your real intention xd ) oh , it was ery interesting , i'll search for it ! :D hello there , welcome to perc ! :D oh , no ! i'm not . really , a big thank you for that compliment ! it means a lot to me . :) i was talking about your work . xd i wanted to see some of it , but i didn't wanted to push you at the same ... ooh , that's too bad , i'd love to see some of your work . but anyways , feel free . i don't want you to feel forced or anything ... xd haha ! why , thank you very much sir ! :) why don't you post a pic too ? aww , i see . i need to play this game sometimes ! :D ooh , don't say something like this , you're too humble . it's really beautiful ! :) i once found a ' font-thread ' here on perc . i'd love to analize ... oh , i didn't knew this character ... he looks mysterious ... and very interesting . :D ( is that a game ? ) why not ? ( haha , that's a dumb question since no one really likes their own handwriting ... or ... i had to think of cheeky vampire ( do you know this series ? xd ) when i saw your picture . :D and your handwriting is so beautiful ! love it ! haha , thank you , you're a sweetheart ! i'm working on it . ;D i need so much more practise , i want to study art . so i have not much time anymore ... > . < oh . my . god . you are crazy , i mean , ... no need to thank me , it was pleasure to help you ! sounds like he already plays with the thought of being a couple ? maybe it's infatuation , but your relationship is also a strong connection and ... oh , thanks ! but i'm not talented , i began drawing when i was in kindergarten and i was awful . xd it was a long way to go . but , you're right . practise is the key . i should practise a little bit ... oh , good that you mention him , he wanted me to show him a pic anyways . i hope he'll see it now ... otherwise i'll mention him again . ^ ^ yeeah , well i feel like i'm anime-trapped . xd i suck at ... oh , i can relate too good with you . i've never been in a relationship because i never wanted to . but i can still relate . :) i'd never give up my freedom , but being in a relationship doesn't mean that ... oh , i do ! love drawing , it's so relaxing ! :D i'm too lazy to scan any drawings up , so here's something digital . xd 61259 nooo ! i can't live in a world without hugs . ; ___ ; and my heart is warm and real , not robotic at all . promise ! > . < * runs after you * finding your balance is tricky , i guess others might think it's boring but i don't . i mean being balanced = being healthy . and how can you act out your potential the best ? right , if you're helathy ! ... haha , lol ! since ryaan is afraid of robots he won't eat me anymore . :P but probably he won't hug me either . : unsure : xd * tries to hug back but has no more arms * uuufff ~ ! : blushed : somehow i want to brush my teeth again ... : mellow : haha , i love hugging nts for some reason ! xd and i also hug people out of joy , i mean really , if you ever tell me good news you should automatically prepare for a hug ! ( run nts , run ! ) oh i just found something which might be very interesting for you ... there are just a couple of pieces of advice i can give you to help you in your quest ...