' meh thanks feelers are sweet but i'm much more attracted to thinkers .. who knew .. it's because i'm one of them : laughing : already got tested by a professional who's certified at my college . i trust their judgement . grrr the reason this confuses me is because i have deep emotions . i've always preferred predictability and people do seem to tell me i'm cold although i think i'm emotional . ehh . not sure about the functions but i was interviewed by someone after competing a ... i'm confused , all these years thinking i'm an infj , but after being tested by a professional i turn out an intj . this is confusing for 2 reasons , one , i'm emotional although others don't see it ... this isn't the first time i notice an intps irresistible sexiness ... i'm tired of how mysterious you all are .. why are you so hard to get ? huh ? there are people out there who need your affection . those toxic people are mirroring something inside of you . instead of cutting them out , ask yourself why does their behaviour bother you so much . this is how you will heal thats why you need an infj around the modesty :p erc 2 :: tongue : i'm wondering if this an infj thing .. the fact that we might not see ourselves as typical humans but rather saints and enlightened masters ? its not something you should take pride in , btw , because ... i dismiss unintelligent people from my potential mates . october 27th . infj 276546  2765 54 276570  2765 78 bump 276129 ohh god i can only imagine .. how did you two meet ? you did post actually hehe : tongue : one word . surrender to the higher purpose of your union with her . you cannot control the universe , you can only put as much love and forgiveness into this situation . this applies to pornography as well . these people aren't exactly happy would you elaborate on that i was forced to man up growing up . sure , that wasn't my natural personality , but this is who i am due to the world i live in and due to the circumstances i've been in ... i'm dangerous to those who ... there is a rarity of those who are in touch with their emotions , those who are in touch with their emotions end up suffering a lot more and thus not being able to actually retain balance and peace ... infps we will take care of you and protect you .. sorry but thats kind of mean .. but i guess its better to be straight forward .. i have nt friends who say things that are insensitive sometimes and its just plain cruel .. gawd i love drake's emotional nature .. he's probably an infj if not an enfj i see food as energy , and in order to reach the highest level of consciousness and enlightenment , you need to have a clean / light / full of love energy body . as you all see , other species are abused ... i'm excellent at giving pep talks . motivational speaking is why i exist .. totally relate bump i do feel drained in those relationships , but i know that it's me and not them . they're triggering me to heal a painful part of myself that explains a lot .. no one has mentioned the cons they are born with a disability 15 % chance they get kidnapped they get sick and die oh the heartbreak they keep you from pursuing a dream they cost you all ... i disagree with the intj . they're the most intelligent one of all , the arrogant would be the extroverts but those lower quality relationships might save someone else and help them . we are too selfish as a specie thank you this kind of thing is reality . the people we are afraid of are often the ones who can bring growth to us , we are afraid of change as humans . damn : frustrating : all this time then she simply says the word boyfriend to you .. : crying : you'll find someone better funny a friend of mine who is currently in an abusive relationships recommended the book to me .. no thank you so if i throw myself at him it's acceptable ? : angry : strawberry i get the feels when i see hard working people who care about other peoples feelings . they are usually enfps or infps . i do understand the sniper : ninja : reference , because thats the vibe i get from him , : angry : its like it's all or nothing to him .. and that makes me nervous because i don't want to push him ... thank you , the magic dust is hard to explain , i would think you understood how we can seduce those nts what if you fell in love with a psychopath .. yes that would be rewarding : shocked : i want to be the girl that's hard to get .. i attach myself to people then detach myself from them .. its unhealthy actually . its probably my messed up childhood though i think what many people cannot understand is that many people have such painful lives , much more painful than anyone can possibly comprehend .. its unfair how a pet in pain has the right to be put ... my intj college professor she told us she was an intj said this quote several times , only yesterday did it pop into my mind and i finally understood the meaning behind it . as am currently ... are you saying my infj qualities aren't enough .. although i admit i have used all of the magic dust i have on him with no active results .. so im not his # 1 . : sad : op apologizes for wasting your life reading this . : unsure : '