' sweet . niles is life . what are you now ? may i ask why you changed ? which types tend to be type a and which tend to be type b ? just curious ! thanks perc 😊 i love you fully now 💛 long live ziggurat incrediblex 85 lol thanks bud 😉 228954 when no one crushes on youx 85 as soon as i read the first two sentences of the description i thought entp . there's a kid in my ap lit class who does the same thing . he may or may not seem very outgoing ( the kid i know isn't ) , but ... prolix juxtaposed tenuous perpetual i also love the word desafortunadamente or unfortunately in spanish . when i'm a mix of angry , embarrassed , and sad i'll cry . once at a coffee shop the owner chucked a stuffed snowball at me and it hit my drink and it got everywhere . i was beyond close to bursting into ... introverted ( i ) 72 % extroverted ( e ) 28 % sensing ( s ) 104 % intuitive ( n ) - 4 % feeling ( f ) 65 % thinking ( t ) 35 % judging ( j ) 97 % perceiving ( p ) 3 % so isfj , especially s very against them . i mean , if someone happens to fall under all of the stereotypes linked with a specific gender then i don't care , but i don't believe in conforming to them just because of one's own ... you are a : left-leaning pro-government non-interventionist bleeding-heart progressive collectivism score : 17 % authoritarianism score : 17 % internationalism score : - 33 % tribalism score : - 100 % ... ✨ hot damn ✨ me too . i think . but yup , obviously best buds now 😏 my favorite is live colorfully by kate spade , reminds me of hawaii 😌 i don't like the cheap guy stuff , but some of the real cologne smells nice . for house / atmospheric scents , i prefer ... ok ! white - + 25 female - - 50 gay - - 150 cis - + 20 usa - + 20 not religious in usa - - 20 affluent - + 10 attractive face - + 10 intp - white , upper-middle-class , midwestern usa ( an hour from chicago ) , student . dad's italian american , mom's hungarian / czech / slovakian-american . aka , european . does cancer that's in remission count as disease ? my best friend is an istj and she is serious at times but we both know how to have fun ! she does waver between a t and an f , though , so that may be why ? either way , i enjoy her company . 222130 they didn't have my hair , but close enough ! ok , these are estimates : xntp-me intj-friend 1 intp-friend 2 esfj-friend 3 isfj-friend 4 ( the following are less accurate because i don't know them too well ): ixtj-acquaintance 1 ... i don't dislike it , i dislike the pre-group anticipation and the effort involved in looking presentable . the situation is usually dandy unless it's a party where i don't know anybody . i have a ... i kind of agree . for my preferences , i like to have coffee with friends and such , but that usually includes 1-2 people . i enjoy talking a lot and making kind of stupid jokes but i'm never sure if ... ok cool 👌 i don't have social anxiety , i think i'm just too lazy to get up and go out haha . this makes sense ! hey there , perc ! so really quick question : i tend to hate the idea of spending time with people but when i actually go out and do it i enjoy myself and seem to be socially charged when i leave ... i'll say january 21 . it's really anywhere in mid-late january to early march , but i just chose a day for you . well my first and current car is a volvo s40 to actually answer your questionx 85 12 breaths per minute . is that bad ? what is bad ? i just woke up to so is that going to make a difference ? i'm 18 . will it change with age ? gender ? sexuality ? ... np all the way . i've scored intp , entp , and infp , so i guess that's a consensus haha i want to brag but i'm bad at it . ok so i guess this is my brag : i survived childhood cancer pretty cool i guess haha do you know your type outside of xntx ? we have very similar taste ! i'm curious . hi ! do any of you have synesthesia ? i do . i was wondering if there was a correlation between type and this phenomenon , so i you have it , tell us your type ! i do and i'm an entp ( or maybe intp ) i tried ! 212490 personally , i enjoy weird music and indie / indie rock music . right now i'm really into crystal castles , iamamiwhoami , and mgmt . i like a good sound , lyrics are optionally understandable ( i like when ... a lot , but mainly for my own interest . if a teacher is organized and hands out a schedule for the entire year , i immediately think , he / she is a judger , and so on . i type really everyone , even ... i wrote my whole college essay about me living in the future 😄 hi there , perc ! quick question : do you have a fear of commitment ? also , is this common among entps or is this just people generally ? situation : today an old friend that i haven't seen for a ... 202618 even my senior photo 😏 ok , i agree : i worded this incorrectly . i guess i don't mean dislike i think i mean something along the lines of awkwardness and such hey there :) i'm ok at small talk most of the time , but the whole concept seems petty and meaningless ( therefore i'm not a fan ) . sometimes my absence of small talk with another makes them seem to ... i guess i'll join in on the fun ! 202570 hi there , t_laurich :) nice to meet you ! i'll be seeing you around perc i'm sure , have some fun here ! hi , lestany :) welcome to perc ! you chose the perfect place for mbti forumsx 85 the people here are passionate and knowledgeable about every sense of the topic . and as for the theories : very exciting :) ... hi there , romashka ( bee / luna / etc . ) :) hope you enjoy perc ! make some friends ! this is all i know : sun sign : leo moon sign : aquarius rising sign : libra and i'm an entp , by the way . entp , rather agnostic now . i was raised catholic , though . first ( looong ago ) i got istp , then in more recent times intp , infp , and entp . i settled on the last one . i really like this idea ! i want to do a few , so don't hate me if you disagree 😎 entp - ready for the next best thing intp - a love of life-long learning enfp - official optimist infp - feels thatkillme thanks for the insight ! i'm glad i can see things from a new perspective . i hope that's how my friend feels about me :) when you never really settle on anything because of two flattering traits called indecisiveness and laziness hi there ! i have a rather quick question : do you have any entp friends or people in your life ? ok . . . so i guess there are multiple quick questions for you . here are the rest : how do you ... '