' http://67.media.tumblr.com/0d2a574b0827fbb1e547bb1023a7d64a/tumblr_nx16ka6ReD1s5b5tzo1_500.jpghttp://67.media.tumblr.com/9b9d871c7cc4c5871a659508a24c37ad/tumblr_o5xupfhPxL1s5b5tzo1_r1_500.jpg isn't it in poor taste to joke about me needing to see a professional , then complain that i did just that ? i agree that i shouldn't have done that . i didn't expect such a reaction from someone on ... sorry i missed your original post , but i'm going to have to respectfully disagree that they're all that similar . bbc made sure to keep the murder mysteries similar , just modernized , but they changed ... oh , did it come across like that ? my bad , i wasn't taking myself very seriously , joking even in that last bit ( because a literal sunburn professional would be a doctor but an emotional one would be a ... just sayin ' , you have no reason to be complaining on the use of the word sweetie when you used irregardless . hers makes sense in some cultural contexts , while you added two letters to make a word ... the question of emotions . the problem of evil . valid stuff i've always struggled through . you want stuff to be all logical to rid the world of evil . that's like saying you'd like the world to be ... my infp friend came across a great phrase : intj's can come across as robots , but intp's are the warmest robots you'll ever see . anyways , we're too similar to not think we're totally opposite of ... sherlock's definitely an introvert . above all , he's got his mental construct where he does things through ti , and he's definitely got an inferior fe ( not fi ) . so , that narrows it to istp and intp ... just to be clear , this thread's not about sir arthur conan doyle's sherlock holmes , it's about bbc's sherlock . they act and react very differently . also , in bbc's version , there is more exploration ... 32/36 - i didn't see that i could enlarge the eyes until like 6 in . i only missed two after that . i don't know , but this seemed too easy . real life doesn't come in multiple choice with unlimited ... let's say i wanted to go find an entp in the wild . what habitats are you native to ? or are you more migratory ? hoorah for existential crisis # 5,326 . also , my deep-seated desire for freedom is the worst , considering i don't even think it's possible to be free . came to see if i could find any new songs i liked that were recommended to my type , and to be amused by what other types thought i would like ( be it accurate or not so much ) . 10/10 , would recommend ... i was distracted for the last five minutes seeing all the different countries that have watched my crappy video submission about my personality type that i posted somewhere on this site like a year ... as i look at the future i am building for myself , i am starting to see something i don't know if i want to commit to . i used to be so sure , but i may have been glorifying the job i wanted . and ... among the whole high school , probably a 3/10 ( i was known by some as ' the girl with the enormous cans of monster ' ) . among the people i had classes with regularly ( ap kids ) , that would probably be a ... i am fairly certain that would depend on whether he had lied right before saying that phrase or not . i mean , i tried going to a counselor a couple of years back , but that didn't really help . i don't know if it was because of him specifically or what , but i couldn't bring myself to do the things he ... i was professionally tested for schizoid , and i have it , if that answers your question ? maybe this helps more : ( relates to a lot , relates to occasionally , does not relate ) neither desires ... so , i think there may be something wrong with me ? recently i'm no longer motivated to do assignments in school no matter what they are worth as long as we aren't doing them in class . i think i may ... you too ? me and an intp guy had the same thing going ! it was the best friendship i ever had with a guy . * sigh * sadly , our friendship cut off suddenly and i haven't found another intx guy since ... i don't have 40 tabs on one window in my computer ; i have 4 windows with 10-5 tabs up in each , grouped loosely for ease of access . for some reason it bothers me when i can't see all the tabs that are ... security cameras are different , and even still they have to have consent from the people on it before they are allowed to show it to the public . well , when i am with someone , they usually assume i am their age . occasionally way younger , occasionally way older . i guess it depends on the context of the situation . so , i guess acting my age ... you're my lab teacher and you can't even pronounce cuvette ( it is not curvette stop that ) , and controls are not , in fact , controlled variables ! jeez , just because i wrote the end of a paper that ... why does plastic get so hot whenever it is deformed ? it is quite bizarre . oh definitely , my interests are so varied that i can't always keep track . as i say , my interests include interesting things . there is a common few themes that run among them , but it is not really a ... it is very illegal in the us ! do not do it , they can sue for money ! unless you blur out their faces . also you can get their consent to video their faces , but i have a feeling that you want to keep ... whaat ? definitely had to wiki that ! it kinda seems like your ' romantic orientation ' is which gender you get along with best , which is kind of weird to categorize imo ? i don't know , maybe it is ... just found out demisexual was a thing , and if so , i probably am such . although i am confused about the rules that govern that sexuality : i . e . if you can still be hetero / homo / bi / pansexual while being ... so , you hate anyone who is affected by the society we live in ? and you think that hating people before you know anything about them is okay ? i think it is okay to hate the actions , but hating ... the universe doesn't allow people to have good looks and acceptable social behavior at the same time . unless they are famous , and even then that doesn't mean they are allowed to have both . are you tough ? or do you cry with every little thing ? i like to consider myself ' tough ' , but i think the truth is i just cry ( or more accurately , almost cry aka tear up ) about completely abnormal ... okay . my emotions really have some explaining to do . i almost cried over a gif set ( cried ! ) , and it wasn't even tfios or anything particularly tragic . i am going to write it off as me being ... what's your favorite idea ? mine is being creative ! but really , i just learned dhmis and dhmis 2 have pretty deep meanings . i mean , i always thought they were supposed to be symbolic , it just now ... alright - this is for you photo editing experts out there . i spent a good portion of today modifying this picture so it looked like it came from a more quality source than my webcam . the result : ... when i chuckle about something funny i just thought of , i laugh at myself for laughing for no apparent reason . this then makes anyone around me confused , and the situation becomes 10x more fun ... congrats on losing weight ! keep up the good work ! :p roud : ( unless you are starving yourself or something . don't do that . ) if anyone points your stretch marks out , you can always brag about it ... i was extremely motivated to do my homework an hour and a half ago . then i got a brilliant idea on how to grow plants in my dorm next year . now i really don't want to do homework , and i want ... ad hominem attacks . and they don't annoy me because they are offensive . they annoy me because they turn discussions from thoughtful , insightful comments about a topic that could be really ... yeah , people can be a pain . and all they seem to say is well you will have to deal with it all your life , so you'd better start at least trying . :d ry : like , leave me alone . you have no idea how ... yes ! haha . and we are digging ourselves into the ground because we are asking him to make sense ? that is pretty much the undertone of all i am seeing us say . maybe he is trying to get us to stop ... ah , yes , i agree . thanks ! dang , i keep feeding the trolls , trying to think that they are attempting to make logical statements : frustrating : i just can't help but think they may just actually want to have a good conversation ... see , when you accuse me of resorting to the same things as all the other intp's , and then you always resort to using ' higher level vocabulary ' in an attempt for you to sound smarter than all of us , ... do any other intp's always forget nobody thinks in the same manner you do , so when you say what you think people accuse you of always ' pointing out how special / weird you are ' ? seriously , all of ... yeah , i do that all the time ! i'm pretty sure we're all details people here . but , since details make up our life , i wouldn't say you are too focused on the little things . but it is sure nice to ... why so ... sirius ? https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSv5N1ZacEBw4MFMlSADVYNJmbXgfrL0Apcaeq57mu-Pe2hYjOW if you don't like him , just don't tell him you like him . if i was him , i wouldn't assume you liked me therefor being friends would be my main motive for communicating to you . if you just have normal ... yes ! we have the most down-votes out of any subforum ! high fives all around ! :p roud : '