' i frolic even when people are around you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ' stranger : ' . strangers claiming to represent omegle are lying . you : hi stranger : ... don't think , just do oh , i got ya , ya now that i read it over structure does not exist much in it . i am incredibly a mess when trying to explain things , no structure what so ever . so do infp's tend to have no structure ... i am not sure what you mean . but , ya i guess my words that day may have been rather infp . i also didn't know i was trying to get to the point of anything , seems like i said exactly how it is . i click well with enfp females , its a great dynamic , the laughter is so insane between me and my enfp friend . i almost stopped breathing a few times , and laughed my self to tears many times . i ... thank you . i am so jealous , groundation is awesome . i went to their tribute to bob a few years back when they came to honolulu . so so so great . such a sick video ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIpcCzNiN5s&feature=related goosebumps every time i watch it . jaaaah raaaastafaaari ! ! ! i ship out for usaf basic training on august 9th . it will be quite the experience , i am looking forward to it . osama bin laden irish , portuguese , hawaiian , norwegion . are you a scorpio ? i get a strong scorpio vibe from you . but anyways , i would say it is a normal thing to lose friends at that age . hang in there your are definitely not alone on this one . the ... buy some land , have a farm , use sustainable practices . create your own village . i was so excited about my first cooking video i made , i wanted to share it . although its not your typical cooking instruction with measurements and so forth . enjoy ... i collect recipes , other than that i dislike clutter , so i get rid of stuff all the time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1BDM1oBRJ8 drink more water , headaches you are experiencing might be a slight dehydration . i also am having trouble focusing lately . i have not figured it out . one thing i did notice is the more i try to fix it ... crow was my next animal after spider , crows are cool . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbzgu_qaxPM&feature=related wow 6 spiders so far , maybe an infp thing or what ? just for fun ! try it out . it's quick like 15 questions also where else should i post this thread so more than just infp's can join in ? http://www.jerismithready.com/quiz/ you are a spider ! ... i work my ass off , when i do work , so when i get home relaxing is that much more fantastic sex then cuddle ... maybe more sex later , followed by cuddling till fall asleep . yay for beds haiku - uncyclopedia , the content-free encyclopedia < < < check this out , here is a sample : x93alfred molina has four extra metal arms i am fucking screwedx 94 ~ spiderman on doctor octopus fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuck ... fuuuck . usaf basic training , and getting yelled at for 2 months i wish i knew in a female , turn ons are : curiosity , playfulness , kindness , honesty , encouraging . also a deep connection . shawshank redemption the beach ( the book is better ) there are probably more , just can't think right now music : old school reggae , bob marley , aswad , black uhuru , toots and the maytals , the ... thats something i will take into consideration , thank you . covert manipulative behavior . the boss doesnt like his job , so he always butters me up saying how great i am at this and that . he has already asked me to stay to take a manager position . he wants me ... siddhartha herman hesse i love that shit , i have a puzzle book with math problems i solve while riding the subway , as well as sudoku i was fed up with a girlfriend ( now ex ) and just turned around and walked away . one of the best decisions i ever made . omg , i want to hug you and squeeze you empathy bear , you are so cute and cuddly , i wuv woo i concure , also a big fan of certain fungus , psilocybin i would say that i am very sensitive to how others feel on their deeper sense , not on the superficial side that they display . around certain people i have an uneasy feeling in my gut , because they ... i am hard to get to know . it rubs people the wrong way . but when i share myself , like genuinely share myself i really give to the other person . by give i mean my energy , it is a way to feel connected ... i would say that i am very sensitive to how others feel on their deeper sense , not on the superficial side that they display . around certain people i have an uneasy feeling in my gut , because they ... i scored estp your type is estp extraverted sensingthinkingperceiving strength of the preferences % 8912503 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvSgLHWR16o i love this song people who dont want the deep stuff i act crazy and looney around them people who do like the deep stuff i act crazy and looney as well as throw in some deep shat . yes , do not compare yourself to others . you should be grateful you are not married . save up some money and go travel the world . a humble man does not know he is humble all year round in hawaii , cheee whooo i could be one of those , may i join you ? i also would like to have a partner in crime , its fun to share the experience with someone . im going to start an off grid permaculture farm . or buy an old bus and turn half of it into an aquaponic garden all you people should try wwoofing , google it , its as close as you can get while ... one simple fact is i am here . you are here , because you asked a question and i am responding . i imagine when i am on my death bed , i would be more proud of the things i did , than the things i did ... the third-grade teacher calls on little ernie and says , can you use the word ` beautiful ' twice in the same sentence ? oh , sure , replies ernie . um ... yesterday , my sister came home , told my ... i say dat some darn good edumakashin , ya dun lurnd , reckon lemme in on yer sekret '