' the only one i kept stuff for was my boyfriend who passed away . otherwise it is either given back or tossed . i definitely feel that way . i feel disliked by everyone all the time . to me , it's a reality and it consumes me a lot of the time . and then , when it comes to those i know love me , i feel like a ... i couldn't travel alone . i have to share my excitement and experiences with someone . i can eat alone at a restaurant , because there's nothing to really experience and i can read . but traveling and ... out of respect i sit and listen and try to genuinely participate . i do this , because i realize that i want the same from them and how do i know they don't feel the same way about me . my mother-in-law ... i also have a hard time getting over emotional pain and heavy emotional experiences . i'm actually really good at break ups , but i've always done the breaking up so i'm that person all happy while ... i just wanted to say that from my perspective watching my little cousins grow up that i kinda ' feel sorry for them . my mom isn't / wasn't like yours , though she has her own control issues that she ... like an idiot . and i can't look them in the eyes . this isn't very typical of the infps that i know well - myself and my husband . i actually can read people very well and am usually very understanding . i also would be very happy to see my child as ... i have been diagnosed some overlapping anxiety disorders , the main one being ocd . apparently , these anxiety disorders can be so very closely related that unless you clearly have one dominant disorder ... how do you know that his feelings for you cooled and he rejected you based on your math skills ? i highly doubt that was the issue . it's very possible that his love for you went unrequited for so ... it's hard to say for me , because i had issues consistenly from a very , very young age up until even now . i had issues both from an environmental standpoint and from a mental one . my counselor and ... i'm afraid to admit that i have the same problem . i feel like most of my values / principles are fairly simple and not hard to follow and i get really upset when people don't share them or say they do ... i love turquoise and cobalt and i think they describe me well . one is lighthearted and sweet ( turquoise ) and the other is deep and almost brooding ( cobalt ) . of course , i find both colors to be ... depends on what month we're talking about . i'm thinking i could have done without this month . don't listen to this . it's not true . i think my husband is cute and he certainly isn't gay . i don't equate gay with cute . two completely different things . i understand . i know i'm happy and that i understand pure joy , but it seems that i always fall back into the pit of sadness and loneliness . it sucks . a lot of my problem stems from extreme guilt , ... take it as a compliment . i rarely get cute . if i do , it's usually in reference to how i dressed that day . i think it would be nice if someone told me i was cute . beautiful would be excellent . i ... i never even thought about it like that , but you're right . i am a very quick learner , but i'm also very good at understanding what someone is looking for . i've had many projects where i've either ... - great music - a great concert / show . the ones that got me going the most were the cure , type o negative , david bowie , ac / dc , jane's addiciton , rhcp , depeche mode , and weezer . i've seen a lot ... i'm far more sarcastic in real life . i also like to joke . i don't tell jokes , but i joke around . i'm rarely serious in person , especially in a group setting . and i'm more-than-happy to break up the ... i was a flop in high school because i was preoccupied and bored . my motivation was only in the classes i really was interested in , like psychology , lit , spanish , and art history ... and algebra ii ... funny for me , because i'm really good at interviews . i've been offered every last job i've ever interviewed for . i'm very upfront , honest , and know how to sell myself without being arrogant or ... i was 14 . it was my long-time boyfriend ( 1 month or 2 , something like that . an eternity in middle school . ) he was really cute and all my girlfriends were jealous he was so cute and always egged ... my mom and my husband . my mom has proven that a mother will do anything for her child . she always had my back and still does . and she gave me the freedom to be who i am . even when i felt like i ... 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . below 4 . yes , but in my case this directly relates to # 1 . i view my purpose in life to be helping those who are suffering the loss of a loved one ( typically an untimely death ) ... i had an artistic mentor . my mom is a professional artist and has been for some time . before she went professional and into fine arts , she did crafts . she always had art projects on-hand for us to ... i work in the fine art industry . we create custom mosaics for installation , fine art pieces , offer classes , and do mosaic jewelry . my mother has been a professional artist for a good majority of my ... i dated a guy like that . when i broke things off as gently as i could , he stalked me and told everyone we knew mutually ( including all of our co-workers and even some of my old high / middle school ... yes . my bosses would always have to reign me in and be like caterpillar , you can't expect yourself to be superwoman . you have to give yourself a break . that was almost a daily thing . great ... i've been having a really rough time these last few weeks and it just gets harder and harder as the days go . the only way i can really find myself living in the moment these days is when i force ... i agree you need to live with someone of a similar temperment and household philosophy . i lived with my family , then by myself for 7 months , then with my now-husband . those 7 months alone were nice ... thanks for sharing this . i hope to read it later . i looove john frusciante . he really seems as though he could very well be infp . he's definitely an introvert , that's for sure . incredible ... i'm very good on the business side of things . i can easily switch off my feeling / emotional side to thinking critically or business-y . i know how to separate those two functions as long as it doesn't ... this guy is wicked bitter , huh ? it's funny that he states that people are primarily drawn to the infp types thinking they're deep when really they're superficial once you really get to know them ... i definitely have this problem . my parents didn't have to punish me growing up . i didn't want to disappoint them , so when i did i'd be heartbroken . i have been basically told i'm a disappointment by ... what are you talking about ? the op asked if you liked it and why or if you don't like it and why . everyone is giving their opinions . no one is bitching except for you right now . i only responded to ... i think it's in your best interest to seek professional help . boredom is not typically the cause of suicidal thoughts . as for the jobs , you need to stay at this one until you find yourself a new ... i truly understand your plight . i realize that this sounds ludicrous to the people on this board who have seen my posts ... they're always painfully long . but , like right now , i'm really upset and i ... you will have hatred for her for a while , but it will diminish over time . i say that , because as time goes , you'll realize how much she screwed herself over with her actions . i'll share a ( hopefully ) ... like others have said , if it is someone whom i respect or knows me well , i'd think hard about it ( i realize this is contrary to what they're telling you to do ) and do some self-reflection . if it's ... i'm a last born and the description of last-borns is faaar from my personality . none of them describe me very well . i've also heard a lot about how the only girl or only boy will get more ... yeah , i try to be indifferent . if i'm not , i can get pretty frustrated . you can't rationalize with an idiot . typically , my best response is a facepalm and / or an eyeroll . strangely enough , i'm ... i tend to think i'm so far off from being a hippy . but , then again , sometimes i'd fit that mold . i'm all peace-loving and stuff , but i'm also pro-military . i'm not one that looks at society as a ... i'm so glad i'm able to help . just know that i've been where you are and i've made it through . you do have value , even if you don't see it or feel it . even if the people around you don't recognize ... unfortunately , i don't have enough time right now to read all the posts and give them the attention they deserve . but , i'd like to share what i think . there are plenty of other humans out there ... this happened to me , also . it was my boyfriend / best friend's death that led to me to finally want to end my life . he was my only friend . my only ally . the only person that told me i was worth the ... it always upsets me to hear people say to me that someone was selfish to commit or attempt suicide . when i attempted , i wasn't trying to be selfish . i was desperate and saw no other way out of my ... i've seen a psychiatrist for two years , which was between about 9 1/2 to 7 1/2 years ago . now , i'm seeing a counselor / psychotherapist and will soon be seeing a psychiatrist so that i can get on ... i don't have any advice . but , i can say that i'm not very good at making friends and i'm certainly not very good at keeping them . i'm much better at keeping male friends than female friends . on ... definitely . i hate when a great book ends . and when i used to play games that had an end , like diablo ii , i was always disappointed once i won . same goes for great movies . you kinda want it all ... '