' remergon ... never heard of it . the trazodone has been the only thing that does work , just doesn't work very well . powershell ... i would consider that a superpower . sex life and relationship with my wife is great . when i first climb in to bed , it takes me about 25 minutes to put every body part to sleep , this my relaxation / meditation before trying to sleep . ... lol ... i enjoy my mania and energy , but it all gets completely squashed when i can't sleep . must appear manic to some people . i do have zma , take that along with 3mg of melatonin and the 25mgs of trazadone . otherwise i have had absolutely everything under the sun that anybody told me would help me sleep ... and in every ... i'm in minnesota ... northern flyover . we were getting close to the medical pot being passed but the governor vetoed it . says he won't let it go through until all the law enforcement agencies will ... it's classified as primary , meaning it has no underlying cause and chronic . on a good day i will get 4-5 hours and can get by with that just fine . it's the bouts that last over three weeks with maybe ... i have , didn't do anything . and i love sleep ... maybe because i can't get any . i have , a little . can never seem to get consistant product . one batch will be good , relaxes me , gets my mind to quit spinning , then the next batch gives me bad anxiety . the best thing i ever had ... anybody else here have it ? what have you done for it ? curious if it could be an entp thing or there's something else screwed up in my head ! had a doc at the mayo clinic tell me i have the worst ... exactly ... i don't deal with them . ask me to do something and i'll do it the most efficient and effective way possible , not their way ! very nice ! no worries ... brilliant minds think alike i am very creative and productive between 4 am and 9 am , after that , something has to really light a fire under my ass to get my head going . stole my avatar ! ! oops ! accountants aren't too bad , attorneys cost a small fortune ( use sparingly ! ) . start up costs for a gym ? currently own a gym and a consulting business in the fitness industry . had two gyms but sold the second one last fall ( nice little profit too ) . used to own a personal training studio , closed it to ... any january you'd like to come and visit me , you let me know ! i'm in minnesota . all the national news stations have been playing a clip of a big ice flow on a lake that was damaging houses over the ... i started my first business in1995 and worked it hard , always trying to see how i could expand it and do more , every time it was a dead end but that didn't stop me from going after new things . after ... for me , meditation requires vicodin or some other powerful pain killer . the entp is to society as breast implants are to a woman . the entpis to relationships as an air conditioner is to an eskimo . the entp is to work as basket weaving 101 is to a student . 1 . tools ... i love them , desperately wish i was good with them , unfortunately i suck with them . 2 . sales ... terrible . much more creative and love learning about the body . 3 . not sure if i ... like i said , i don't pee on my hands . if i should , i'll be sure to wash them . you're going to have your hands full as she gets older ! wait until she figures this out : i once pondered this question to a couple doctors i used to train : why do we wash our hands after we go ... powershell , i wish i could convey in words how incredible owning your own business is . nobody telling you what to do or how to do it ( because that's how it's always been done ) , when to come in and ... perfect ... anything you make up is just as plausible as any thing you read in some book made up by somebody else . create your own heaven and after life . exactly . i get a couple hours of tv on the nights i can get to sleep . thank god for tivo and netflix ! 70104 you and i could be brothers . your daughter's a cutie-pie ! i have no idea what you two look like yet i can picture it as plain as day . as for entpism , my wife has been bugging me to clean the ceiling fans in our business , of course i have been ... novel and over 25 ( way over ! ) . novel could include science related topics . not sure how i survived this entp crap before the internet . i'm already doing option 2 ! sort of ... not quite at the 400k yet . wouldn't even consider option 1 , it would leave me too much time to spend the money on all the weird crap i'd come up with to do ... oh common now ! the imagination is going to kick in and i can forget about getting any work done the rest of the day ! just not the infp's , that's my wife and she'll turn into lady bossy-pants and give us all a to-do list of what and how to clean ! that looks like fun ... especially if somebody else has to clean it up ! [ quote = signify ; 3693038 ] currently , if woman gets pregnant , she chooses if she wants the child . if she does want the child , the father pays . excuse me ... but she's the one who chose it , why am i being ... yes to all of it ! it's the worst at night and cause me a lot of insomnia problems . ended up getting severely addicted to ambien ( evil stuff ) . i also do what others mentioned about going off into ... i could not fathom being a stay at home anything . good , school is good for us . gives our brains more fuel for uncovering the mysteries of the universe . lady bossy-pants ! love it . going to call my wife that next time she tells me to scoop out the cat box ! i have one problem with pascal . if there does turn out to be a god and you believed in him / her / it , and this god is supposed to be omnipotent , wouldn't this god know that the only reason you believed ... or picking your battles , which may be a wisdom thing . that is so annoying ! ! ! no good deed goes unpunished . yep , i think that's me . nice ! the all gore , blood and guts does not appeal to me at all . love the psychological / suspense stuff though . seven might be my all time favorite . when the guy that had been strapped to the bed all ... just curious about other entp's and kids ? i don't have any kids and have never had the desire . i don't mind kids at all , just never wanted any of my own . love when i say that to somebody that has ... lets not talk about me , tell me all about you . i would ! agreed , traffic sucks and stresses me big time ! '