' entp : pride - biggest personality flaw . lust - i have a good deal of control over this but i enjoy sex and physicality in excess and i'm glad i'm charming enough to get this comfort . gluttony - i ... okay so as an entp dating an entp , i would place a wager on deadpool and his love interest vanessa as a set of entps . i'm sure i will hear arguments for her as enfp but i'm pretty darn sure she is ... 480226 entp squared . :D i don't care what they say , entp + entp is a glorious relationship . intj tmlt not believe mbti to be valid ? those that don't know me say that my ultimate vice is lust . those that know me say it's pride . on our second or third date , my boyfriend ( fellow entp ) looked at me and said you're a narcissist with ... infp - gets offended real easily . i tend to like them and they tend to not like me . infj - haven't met very many , at least not that i've become close with . enfp - one of my favorite types , the ... esfp tmlt be best at keeping in touch long distance and tmlt be worst at it ? i'm curious why . either a really hippie fi user or a really evil ti user . tmlt enjoy clothes shopping ? everyone i've had serious feelings for has been intj , entp or enfp . my doggo is probably infp . she's an aussie who thinks she's a pug . calmest dog in the entire world , would probably lie on the couch all day . the only thing that makes her excited and bouncy is if you ... 459057 intj or intp . both of my relationships that lasted over a year were with intjs and i am still friends with both . both of my best friends are intp . interesting people , both types . entjs are too bossy ... haaa . oh fi users . more than me having a problem with them , they all seem to really dislike me . i come off intense and sometimes offensive . i'm aware of this but above all else value honesty and ... inxp . tmlt write poetry that's actually good ? i only have slight insecurities about my intelligence when i'm wrong . it's rare but it happens . ;) and honestly , i love it . i don't see how the conversation became about intelligence though . all ... exfp , yikes . d-d-double time . tmlt start a conga line while drunk and tmlt refuse to join despite a lot of goading ? i'm strongly t and not great at math . my brain thinks big picture and busy work such as calculation catches it up . i know the stereotype is that nts tend to be stem types but some entps seem drawn ... i think it really depends on the guy . my last relationship of two years with an intj lasted so long because i am so bold and we both don't fear conflict / debate . in fact , he and i remain friends to ... buddy : why do you believe so strongly in ___ , entp ? entp : i heard something about it on fox news , it seemed to make sense and so i didn't question any further ! buddy : entp , here's why you're wrong ... isfp . tmlt have a fursona or believe themself to be otherkin ? short and curvy entp female . my boyfriend is a tall , average weight entp male . i doubt there's a correlation . edit : however , the correlation between being entp and perfect is definitely prevalent . i am an entp female who does not bite her tongue when she wants to debate or make crude jokes and it results in my female friend group being very limited . culturally , it seems that politeness and ... let's go esfp . tmlt buy 10 lap dances from one stripper in order to tell her the entire story of fellowship of the ring ? his detail with the languages is impecable . you can surely tell where his interests fell . honestly , i felt like the silmarillion read like the bible . fascinating but the names were hard to keep track ... yeah , as stated earlier in thread - nolan charts are a lot more informative . for the sake of ease ( a mistake amongst fellow nts , should have known you all would be peeved ) i created a five option ... most modest mouse screams intx to me . most franz ferdinand screams entx to me . edit : perhaps enfx too ? i was in kindergarten when my mom read me the hobbit . in third grade , i finished the trilogy for the first time and in sophomore year of high school , i moved on to tolkien's extended works ... i'm a huge tolkien fan . :) ooh . my ex told me to read those at one point . sounds worth it . i'm not blaming the teacher at all , i simply said that i flunked for mistakes in calculation . no blame on anyone . it's just what happened . where is all the emotion coming from ? relatable . what book is that ? i'm also a strong economic libertarian but i believe social issues have a strong place in keeping the peace and lean strongly progressive when it comes to them . i got into gaiman after reading good omens , actually . i reckon that entps can especially appreciate both authors because we are so fond of clever wordplay . i've never read jim butcher actually . i would never give up my n , they can pry it from my cold , dead hands . i am definitely closer to f than s , as it is . some of the coolest people i know are enfp . easy decision . both make my favorite authors list too ! especially gaiman . american gods remains one of my all time favorites . wee free men by pratchett brings me back to early middle school , damn . you have good ... what is nietzsche usually typed as ? intp ? my intp friend is really interested in nietzsche . talk about dark . i've heard it translated as the stranger but the outsider really does make more sense ... ah , and see , i've never read the stranger . camus is interesting though , i've only skimmed the surface with him . existentialism is such an interesting and varied school of thought . he is without a doubt feeling-centered . part of why i find his work so fascinating . apparently , he was always a melancholic character who carried a lot of baggage . how i'd love to go back and meet ... thanks ! he's my favorite philosopher and fascinating character to boot . his short-lived affair / engagement to regine olsen is a great study of character . i wonder what his mbti would be . i agree that the four-point spectrum makes a lot more sense . however , part of this post was too see how many nts identified as moderate versus extreme . i am also an entp libertarian and progressive ... pretty sure my father is an esfj so there's a lot to joke about ;) the scientist by coldplay is intj in a relationship . how do feelings ? user cesspool bringing the heat . where do you , an nt , lean politically ? enfp . tmlt be late to a job interview and still get the job ? i understand theorem quicker than anyone in the class . i get fs on my work because i make a silly mistake in the actual calculation . is this a typical entp thing ? i also have dyscalcula which adds to ... i am definitely competitive in a childlike and lighthearted way . i love challenges and games and winning is so fun . but not in a scary entj way . and that kind of thing takes all the fun out of the ... see , this is interesting because my boyfriend is an entp and though most people recommend dating a different type , our relationship comes much more naturally than any i have previously been in . my ... enfp . tmlt survive longest when stranded on an island ? '