' you are so lame ! ! you are very easy going you are crazy ! where do you get this energy ? you are deep you are fun to hang out with you are a goof ball you should work on being on ... 55130 & having what they perceive as a friendly debate 55134 i am an enfp and i have dated a male enfp . be blunt ... but then play with it and pretend you didn't really mean it . usually this drives guys in general nuts . it will get the idea in his head and he'll ... thank you , i will definitely say something . appreciate everyone's insight ! so interestingly ... we never got too physical . he out of all people should know i'd be the worst person to rebound with ... i don't sleep with people because of my religious convictions ! we are ... so , where do i begin ? i am an enfp and i have known my istj guy friend since i was 17 years old ( i am now 27 ) . i still remember the first time we met ... it was at my cousin's lake house in the summer ... i hate their t . the ideal type is enfp , female ... named ashley order them to do something mundane and chore-like in a moment of stimulated problem solving of an abstract concept i'm wicked clumsy ! ! and i thought this same thing ... figured it must be my under developed si .. but then my girlfriend , who is also a flipping klutz reminded my that she is an estj and also stuggles ... i go out with my girlfriends .. shopping , coffee , drinks , out to eat . or i play sports ; golfing , shooting hoops , throwing a ball around . i need to always be playing ... or learning something . if i'm not ... distance yourself from him . know what you're worth ! far more than investing emotions into a taken man . if he wants you he will break up with his girlfriend and get you . if he doesn't ... you will know ... i can't spot one ... but i can tell what they are once i talk to them for five minutes and conclude that this nut wont be cracked easily ! and that i may never be the key holder to unlock who they are , ... presumably my opinion of ' good ' people : ) i hate plans ! ! ! and i hate people who force them on me even more ... i'm not saying we are perfect ... to people that are jealous , miserable / unhappy , sticklers , we probably will have a harder time getting along with them . i wrote that in a playful way , and it may have ... i am drained easily . i exert a lot of energy daily entertaining friends / working with people on projects at my job / playing on my sports teams etc . i am a ball of energy that just doesn't like to last ... people are jealous of us ! or , we just annoy the living crap out of them because they are completely sticklers and / or unhappy and hate life could be labeled that by the world but to me could be attractive as hell ! looks fade .. the man or woman you marry could get into a car accident and become disfigured and left with horrifying looks ... i don't struggle in that area either . i can say i am genuinely happy for people when they achieve success or have more than me . i usually enjoy assisting them to do so ! for sure . the guys i have found the most attractive in my life where not necessarily attractive in a physical sense . i love a beautiful heart & mind ! us enfp's love the newness of relationships ... but less of the maintenance aspects ! that's true for me anyways . not only romantic relationships ... all my relationships . i think when you meet the right ... my first thought : she wants you . you got under her skin & she is trying to control her emotions so you don't knowr . at the moment , i have the reverse happening to me . i ( an enfp female ) am crushing ... gotta love those beady eyes too their muscles ! ! sensor / j's played a part in my developing j ... not my fe . i am definitely an enfp , it did suggest i was an enfj . i take into account nature verses nurture though ... and growing up with a family of sensor work-a-holics . i believe this forced me to develop my ... your cognitive functions : extroverted feeling ( fe ) | | 9.38 introverted feeling ( fi ) | 8.71 introverted intuition ( ni ) | | 7.84 extroverted ... viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... i guess different strokes for different folks .. i agree , estj's that are insecure especially . my sister is an estj but has a good head on her shoulders ... we are very different but she loves me for who i am and vise versa . my uncle is an insecure ... i am posting this because i saw it in another types forum and to be honest it made me think . what do i like as far as relationships ? what do other enfps prefer ? ? i get along with all types ... but long ... i have a friend who is an entj . at first i didn't know how to handle her intensity ! ! and , didn't get her at all ... but am happy to say we are now good friends . she is very intelligent , confident , ... i also have a best friend who is an esfp that i have been growing apart from . she has chosen to go down the popping pills / drinking / sleeping around route , and i have chosen to further educate myself , ... we do come off pretty surface-y . we also like to small talk , which i am learning a majority of personality types do not enjoy ! ! oh , and i had a coworker for a short period of time that was an enfp . she was really friendly , bubbly , warm , talkative , but also too open ( told our office the first day she was there about her sexual ... i dated an enfp male . he was brilliantly intellectual , emotionally fulfilling , spontaneous , crazy , flexible , kind , down to earth , interesting , deep but equally sloppy , socially off , clingy , was not a ... you're the first person i have ever heard say an enfp is boring . the one entp i know is very wise . his passion and drive to understand and obtain knowledge is contagious and his enjoyment of life is refreshing . he is complex but simple . stands out of the crowed by ... too serious at work ... funny my boss always tells me to smile . i usually am pretty serious 90 % of the time besides the 10 % i am talking with my coworkers . there is a very clear line between work ... 1 . disrespect of myself or others 2 . closed mindedness 3 . intentionally hurting someone , especially those i love . 4 . judgmental people / hypocrites conservative ! yeap . have had a few in the work place ... but the one i was thinking of is on my volleyball team . really insecure guy on top of being a complete opposite of me . i get disgusted glares every joke i ... guys that wear funny t-shirts ... attractive ! it boarder-lines dorky but i love it :) it's interesting that you say that , from a male intuitive perspective . when choosing my clothes as a female i could put together something perfect to grab the attention of the opposite sex ... but ... i'm not determining what they look like , i am just saying the way we dress ourselves reflects the way we perceive the world and is how we are responding to it . i think intuitive types are less likely ... why doesn't anyone ever get a tattoo of hair on their head ? that could be an alternative option if it caught on . it was somehow acceptable to start doing it at one point for eyebrows .. never looks ... i think enfp's would also be considered so-so . most are not drop dead gorgeous ( besides myself of course ) but tend to shine from within . our types are similar in we don't really care too much about ... just playin of course . but on a serious note , i visualize entps only so-so in the looks category . once you guys open your mouths ( which is usually quite soon ) you become a lot more attractive . i get worse with age . i am pretty careless in this area ... but as a design consultant for a company i am forced to dress up and be fashionable every day . i would say out of all the other consultants ... soccer & volleyball leagues , any type of recreational ' fun ' where i can run around like a little kid and get my energy out . i enjoy playing pool .. and appreciate a nice drink on occasion . not really ... '