escapism world of warcraft , personality cafe , excessive time around new people and friends , television very few books can hold my attention when stressed but short stories work wonders i went into to dennys at 4am with no shoes and wound up with a free peppermint hot chocolate and the stuffed toy a guy won in those grabby machines i would say yes ... those seem to be the ones who initiate the silent treatment in my life . also .. you should never give an enfp too many children to play with .. we will devolve right before ... never give an enfp too much cookie dough my dad hugged me today . he didn't let me go even when i stopped hugging . it wasnt some half assed hug either he also made silly noises and then after he hugged me he didn't criticize me ... i find giving things names is kind of respectful ... as in you show how much you appreciate them by acknowledging them as something more to you . my bikes and car are all very supportive protective ... your doing it wrong ... being an enfp that is .. quick ! name the salt shaker ! ! ! my adventure bike is named phillipe my beach cruser is named apollo my cars name is nero i keep a dead boar skull on my shelf ... his name is yorrick the list goes on and on ... agreed ! i've been debating in my head lately why it bothers me so much ... i feel like it is the absolute worst thing someone could do to me you should never give an enfp a webcam ... you will drown in all of our video chats and meaningless youtube vids you should never give an enfp the silent treatment : angry : what is your favorite word ? onomatopoeia or indubitably because they are so fun to say what is your least favorite word ? orange ... i think what turns you on creatively , spiritually ... yay zombie thread ! rise my minion rise ! ! ! when angered ... to the point of rage and fury . i cry . only when alone though . if im alone i will scream and cry and break whatever i can find that i ... you know your an enfp when you sit down to talk to someone about how you dont like like them and end up making out somehow = s how the hell does that even happen ? ! ? ! i sang .. like all day . also ... hot tubing with my sexy male friends , i got a badass haircut ( err trim ? ) , i had thai food and i was lovingly hit upon by a pair of hot mexican identical twins . its ... omg ! thats so true xd when all it takes is a haircut and you feel like you can do anything ! questionable content the comic xkcd saturday morning breakfast cereal deviantart etsy pandora im fortunate to know a few ntj ladies .. and it hadnt even occured to me to be intimidated . i get that they are very smart and can be kind of blunt at times but i guess our friendships are such that ... i would have to buy a shotgun . in the case of a brain eating zombie break out .. i would feel very little chance or reason to survive .. but if they were to fight me for my sweets i just might have to ... you've no proof of that . > . > < . < haha i just had a very similar experience . ive been hanging out with / dating a guy for a little while who is an intj and at first he could barely talk to me and wouldnt make eye contact . he would ... i have made at least 2-3 intj males cry in my day . only once was it on purpose . it seems enfp's can do quite a bit of damage when unwittingly tromping in and out of an intj's life . also , i have two ... you know your an enfp when popping balloons makes you feel sad i had to pop a bunch left over from my birthday and i just had to make a small puncture towards the bottom instead of stabbing them so ... best sport ever : crazy : i find im not often absent minded so much as thinking in too many directions at once . however , ive recently been doing this thing where i will misplace something i use frequently and i cannot for ... im sorry ... iggy is this an intj derailing a thread ? ? ? are you ok ? should i go notifiy the other intj's ? oh ... in that case .. yeah i say something . usually i make it sound joking . it doesnt bother me too much if a partner has had sex with someone before me . it would be unrealistic of me to expect ... i could tell from the title this was from an nt i dont care about how many people i date , but i dont do that boyfriend for a month thing . i wont date someone unless i know it will last longer than ... ive been intensely mood swingy lately . i feel a bit like a messed up metronome . im either insanely happy or severely depressed and its messing with my ability to socialize . my friends all say i seem ... you know your an enfp when you wake up at an ungodly hour just so you can talk to someone because you like hearing their voice and want to know what their opinions are on trivial things .. i started and finished my final two hours before class . my teacher ranted and raved that it was the best one he'd seen , that he could tell how much detail and time id put into it , he said he wanted ... if things remain difficult i can keep improving without that plateau , but for most things you hit a barrier due to something . i remember some subjects i was really good at that i had just randomly ... you know your an enfp when someone offers to serve you a nice breakfast of looove and your first response is ... awww <3 i know for a fact that people think im stupid based on the way i type alone . im a terrible typist and i try to avoid serious issues more often than not so i come off sounding rather idiotic . im kind ... oh wow ... i dont think anyone has ever offered me a breakfast of love . hmmm as much as i love love for breakfast .. serendipitous has pancakes and strawberries ... im on my way ! ! ! :p roud : haha just this once .. it wasnt rube ... scary huh ? musikman ! muuusssikmaaannn its strawberry season ! you know your an enfp when you try to give someone a pep talk but you keep using metaphors and by the end your not sure if anything makes sense and you forget what you were really talking about ... i think i know exactly how you feel , but just know that each time your gaining the ability to make the next one better . you teach each other everything that makes you tick , weed out the bad parts , ... i distinctly remember someone flirting and offerings breakfast and strawberries with fresh cream . since this thread has started i havent had either of those ... someone needs to step up their game and ... im not an entj , but my dad is ... he is also a lieutenant colonel in the us military and i can try to answer for him to teh best fo my ability ( from my viewpoint of course ) what attracted him to the ... try not to think so much about past effort and feelings youve had together . its easy to dwell on those things and use them to try and validate staying / trying to ' make things work ' . so you lost a few ... hannibal ... i think i shall wait until your asleep and then paint your toenails a sparkly blue . it should help you get in touch with your feminine side . then we can stay up late and talk about our ... lol ... welcome to the club ... anti-helena .. err queen ... err ... you yay ! ! ! i always knew queen had potential to be a closet perv ... see ... see ! ! ! join us queen ... i think every enfp would absolutely love modcloth . seriously . i got so many of my friends hooked on it and they all hate me since they spend all their spare money there . * turns moby into a paper crane * just keep the origami paper coming and no one gets hurt i never said i didnt destroy living things ;) when my mind goes idle my hands pick up the slack . this used to annoy the crap out of my ex intp in the funniest ways . im usually pretty talented with little things like origami and doodling . once i ... lol i collect fortune cookie fortunes too ! i used to collect magic the gathering cards and pokemon cards back when i used to play the games . i also collect fossils and wine corks i also ...