' sampling the ivan fischer and the budapest festival orchestra recording of gustav mahler's symphony nr . 4 in g ( major ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASDytQ13sXU&feature=related ( begins at 2:08 ... london , what about dr . horrible of dr . horrible's sing along blog ? o . o i pretty confidently typed the strategist ( pseudo-antagonist ) behind his lotto fix deal driving the background for ... nt threads in general the most , but of those usually intj > entp . infs often , enfjs a lot before , enfps more recently . i have a female acquaintance who tested as an intj , but i think she's infj ( def ... > i enjoy dressing up in suits and collect neckties , where most intellectuals i've met prefer dark clothes or casual t-shirts and jeans . > i liked the environment of working in an office as a lowly ... my aq results , probably because of the introverted tendencies : 32 keirsey ( do you agree with the essays ? ) on it : keirsey temperament website ; keirsey temperament website ; & c . under other ... how about the mexican poet / novelist and political journalist , josé joaquín fernández de lizardi , a contemporary of napoleon ? : shocked : i was made aware of this today , even though i mostly listen to classical . the ti-ne / ne-ti comes to mind here with the video , but i'm not sure about the actual music or lyrics : ... i'm thinking the hellenistic historian , πολυβιος ( polybius , c . 200-118 bc / bce ) , author of his histories ( which notably includes the rise of rome ) , where it appears he claims himself as the first ... istp . there'd still be that presence of an overwhelming ti 8D , and i could learn judo with greater relative ease and with the actual ability of histrionicality and coordination . having that spatial ... i thought it was determined that brian eno was , or is entp more likely ? brian eno , member of the board of directors - the long now what about jean-philippe rameau ( his speech was difficult to ... how about cosplay / anime / sci-fi / star trek / star wars / gamer / comic book / etc conventions ? : mellow : in regard to my overt entp friend : goofy comedian , the creative inventor , groundbreaking thinker - all w / o a doubt . his humor is cerebral and often is in reference to something or puns or wordplay . he ... i heartily agree , but is that the best example you can come up with ? my personal favorite conducted by karajan is liszt's les preludes with the berliner . : crazy : his schubert unfinished b minor is ... this may have very well been already touched upon , but if you buy or borrow multiple varied books from the library ( or friends , for that matter ) just in case you get the sudden urge to learn about ... my reasoning for holding back is essentially the same as what you reveal or were able to articulate here . you have made a relevant contribution . it is audacious of the test author to think they can determine the level of genius of someone , even though they don't intend to claim this as scientific and authoritative , and if it is only ... i would attribute this low ratio to intps like myself as well ( you know you're an intp when your thank you to posts read is close to 0 . ) , although it may not be for being direct . people often say ... my old roommate who became a good friend ( who i suspect is intj ) says this all the time to me . in my experience , it seems your input holds true at least with how they perceive and deal with me . i ... おじゃまします 。 。 。 ぜんしょいたしますx 94 : わざわざですね 。 : wink : おじゃましました ！ i enjoyed this : http://www.youtube.com/watch#!v=rzpL_5CI0WQ&feature=related thoughts ? my mother is an infj , the family member i'm closest to among my entire tree of relatives , which isn't saying much . i have the most to say to her , which , again , isn't saying much . i'm not much of a ... i agree with another in that i thought super intellectual , nit-pick , and that's illogical were generally intp trends anyway , but i can identify with resorting to all of these at one time or ... お願いします ！ : blushed : goood luck ( slightly sarcastic and skeptical ) this was a difficult one to discern my fit , but after some consideration of those i share some traits with , but not all , idiosyncratic or solitary seem to resonate the most . 1 regarding connections , ideas , and unstoppable ti / ni but rather when i'm trying to fall asleep , but cannot . these are the perpetrators behind my insomnia . 3 . you have a million good ideas and a ... i'd have to switch out the i with an e , so entp . this guy i know who i've typed as entp reproduces every single thing he's learned and synthesizes ( or incorporates ) it all to apply to the current ... i'm utterly horrible with engaging in small talk , but this particular situation wouldn't be bad , since i do have a liking to chinese and japanese green tea . i'd probably mention something along the ... there's too many for me to list them all , but i'll give an idea . orchestras : london symphony orchestra , berliner philharmoniker , ulster ( these 3 have provided some of the grandest brass playing ; ... vicissitude and many , many words used by herman melville . also , many , many words in cyrillic and japanese . i may elaborate at a later point , providing my favorite examples . wait for it ... japanese ( particularly 関西弁 ！ <--- kansai / osakan dialect ） , cyrillic , victorian , and just manipulation of words , meaning , interpretation in general ( like an author ) . well , it personally seems to me as if we ( intps ) pick up on the subtleties , but just most likely are completely unaware that they are cues , and that we must respond . i would probably notice it and ... i've only seen lewis listed / typed as intj . who here thinks kurt gödel , the logician , is intp ? and what about william faulkner ? i appreciate faulkner's fascination with words , and kierkegaard's desire ... bertrand russell is supposed to be entp .  ... and in response to another post , gandalf is supposed to be typed as intj . herman melville's pierre , or the ambiguities . it should be apparent enough why once you have read some chapters . or so it seems to me . : crazy : officially , i am currently reading john updike's the centaur , and peter green's the hellenistic age : a short history ( which is laudatory for his listing and provision of sources ) . unofficially , ... i was actually given this instruction in japan , but for more understandable reasons ... o . o : unsure : '