' pop music hits of 2013 self evaluating . i'm a kinda horrible person . not evil , but just definitely not naturally nice . : mellow : someone who's usually unfazed . thai food https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJO3ROT-A4E for shits and giggles actually never mind . i'm just going to go outside and walk without a destination . just see where that takes me guys suggest something reckless for me to do . i've done many things and had plenty of fun / interesting experiences in life . however , i haven't done the basic / stereotypical crazy things . like i've never touched drugs , not even weed and in terms of ... that i found a stone which could take me back in time . might have been inspired by watching dragon tales recently . a goofy geek : tongue : horchata with a shot of fireball . or hot cinnamon tea with a dose of tequila . enjoying the rain , probably gonna make some tea soon . i want to meet an istp , everything says we'd mesh well . maybe i have already but it was only in fleeting interactions to a point where i didn't have enough information to make an educated guess on ... infjs because i think i've befriended one . very late to this shindig , but was out living the fast life . : cool : lol seriously though , being online really conflicts with my need to be outside exploring new things . it is nothing against you ... making dinner . waiting for the sweet potatoes to bake . shakira is still freakin amazing . what ever happened to avril ? i remember when this song was everywhere https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k . addictivemuse yes ! make the switch . experience the phone you missed in your younger years . honestly , if it wasn't for data i'd switch . bring that nokia back . ;) addictivemuse i felt like the shit opening those phones . just like oh , wait let me flip out my keyboard to type a text . that's right , bitches . got my own keyboard . xd i shipped them before i even knew what shipping was . please , miley ain't got nothing on my girl beyonce , destiny's child era . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6bKipdh294 what's worse , always wondering what if .. ? or not succeeding in something you love ? in terms of career that is . or does context really make a difference in answer ? playful and affectionate . probably a nice and generous person . i have reached a point of tiredness that i want to claw my eyes out because my brain is dying and life sucks . on a scale of toddler-kardashian how dramatic would it be if i stabbed myself with a pen ... to disappear . i should get a pet rock and name it dwayne johnson . i hate today . lucky . no one's given me drugs for free before . :( not that i do drugs , but the offer would have been appreciated . i was disappointed by pride and prejudice , but i think since it lowered my expectations i was pleasantly surprised by and really enjoyed reading jane eyre , which i thought would be the duller of the ... harnessing the power of my will against a fearful opponent . i don't know if i can do it , guys . i'm weak and outnumbered . the cookies are too strong . queenie mercer i really need to start being more of a bitch . i shall begin by telling my conscience to fuck off . i value honesty and i'm always one to speak my mind . that's the problem here , i want to be forthright , but not really sure how to do so without sounding cruel . in this instance , i feel like my ... kore pretty well in my experience . i desire to shut off my brain for a few short hours , but sleep is such a fickle thing . seems the more i crave it , the less generous it becomes . lol , glad i'm not the only that added this new sport to their to do list . is there really any nice way of telling someone you're not attracted to them ? like , hey , you're a great person , but i just want our relationship to remain platonic because i'm not feeling any ... for a communications class , we had a lecture by a this lady whose job is to teach employees for various businesses the skill of listening . it was all really interesting , like how listening is not the ... hiding . wisdom as i make some important life decisions . yea just gotta get yourself some imagine c . you can find the seller in the lower regions of dreamscape near slumber st . his name is subcon , tell him chick sent ya and he ’ ll getcha tucked right away , ... either my dreams don't have me in them and it's like i'm watching a play unfold , or i'm the hero trying to save the universe or whatever . it's just that in every single one , they're about the ... thinking about my dream from last night . it was the first time i can remember having an all claymation dream . basically , there was this rocker band member who wanted to have a baby with his ... i'm hoping i'm wrong for once . just hoping that tonight won't turn into a late night brawl . however , if i'm correct , then the bastard deserves it . sleep . not really a tv watcher , but these are the only shows i actually put aside time to sit and watch . the walking dead game of thrones sherlock estp a struggling , but trying catholic . twerking skeleton can't say i was disappointed with the search results . because he's the president america deserves , but not the one it needs right now . so , we'll hunt him , because he can take it . because he's not the president . he's an obnoxious candidate . a horrid ... '