' i jumped from the rooftop and now , i'm one with the rain , one with the wind , one with the pain . i jumped and i'm falling . please don't catch me ! please just let me fall ! today i'm feeling really really down . i feel so out of place , so alone , so tired of everything ... if only it all ended already . i even had to go online and look for reasons not to suicide just to ... demon of chaos and disarray , welcome to my mind , to my life , to my heart . please make yourself at home here , in this shadow , in this darkness . make me hollow ! well i'm still in my teens ( i'm a few months shy of being 18 ) and i can say i really enjoyed these last years . i came to know myself , i witnessed myself change and i could not be more proud of what i ... a year from now the world will have changed we will have been caged and everything will have faded a year from now nothing will be the same people'll still care about money and fame but this ... i feel so down so stupid so foolish i'm tripping on myself on my thoughts on my fears i hate what i've become this monster this creature i feel so very down i'm disappointed with myself ... i keep doing stupid mistake after stupid mistake , i keep running away from what i want the most and i keep suffering because i always take stupid decisions ... i'm so ... i feel stupid . why do i keep hesitating on doing things that are important and good for me ? perhaps , when it comes to infj , our intuition plays a major role . i've always been able to look beyond the looking glass and i like being able to see what others cannot . i would not know how to ... sky is the limit or something along those lines but i don't want your lying skies i am my only limit a land of opportunities this world you keep repeating and i'm just here sitting and ... really confused as to what i want right now ... i need to think some things through . i can pretty much relate to everything you said . i too have known betrayal and i know how bad it hurts to be stabbed in the back . i'm also very easily affected by weather ( rain makes me feel ecstatic ... imagine that you were in a room with no doors , just a light bulb hanging from the ceiling and a window . the inside of the room would be all bright thanks to the light bulb but the outside would be ... guilty ! they said as my wrists were being cuffed . death ! as my pain was getting sharper . murderer ! they yelled as i kept my tears locked tight . criminal ! and they were right ... my crime ? i ... i just finished the stranger by camus a couple of minutes ago and i'm going to start the alchemist by paulo coehlo on monday ( gotta pick it up from the post office ) . i feel lonely ... i crave for someone to hold in my arms ... someone to be there for me ... to talk to me and never let me be alone . i feel alone surrounded by all these people i don't care about ... i wanted to run away i wanted to leave and see the world , to travel all brave and bold , to not care about silver or gold ... i wanted to run ... but i was bound because this world that i found ... you're an infj if you can relate to this sort of situation : today in class : teacher : today's debate subject is rape ! student 1 : * fact * me ( thinking ): if unicorns are called unicorns because ... before i start , please do not take my post as a personal offense and , if i may seem to hostile , i apologize but this is my stand . i really do not understand how pre-marital sex is morally ... alone ... or maybe not ... depression , loneliness , my dear friends are you still here ? thank god in whom i don't believe ! depression embrace me again , loneliness heal my open wounds , my friends , ... i too hate people discriminating and being racist but it is not illogical . usually , when people have really bad experiences with those from different ethnic groups , they tend to become racist as a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBebocGnX_E why does it feel like this world is just not for us ? - i love this part . it always gets me . welcome to the forums ! there's a place for everyone here so you'll fit in just well :) . your point reminds me a lot of an anime i'm watching . have you heard of psycho-pass ? if you haven't and you are into anime i'd suggest it . the society depicted in that anime is pretty much what you ... sun stop shinning ! stop telling me everything is fine i already know i crossed the line so stop lying ! world stop spinning ! or do you not see that you're spiraling downward ? are you expecting ... while i agree with the fact that everyone should have a home , a job and access to facilities , i can't really understand how reducing an individual's privacy can help . also i do not believe that the ... welcome on the forums ! i'm sure you'll find plenty of interesting things and people around here . glad to make your acquaintance and hope you'll have fun around here :) . i . am . confused ... maybe ... i don't know . a gun in his right hand he sweeps through the white monster firing bullets like rain through him . he's moving faster . but faster is not enough for him who's acquainted with hate him who ... i think the girl i used to have a crush on might be into me ... which is terrible ... i barely managed to heal and get over everything and now my intuition kicks in . would it be wise to relapse and ... i once had a dream so beautiful , so pure a world unfolded free as i was still demure and in this dream of mine wings sprouted from my back memories had become oceans as i was tainting the ... it's raining outside :) . it's raining oh so beautifully that i'm feeling really really excited . it's been a while since i felt this way ... been a while since i last saw such a sorrowful yet calming ... this world needs some chaos . it needs chaos to wake people up and make them realize that their apathy and ignorance is not welcome in this world ... i just realized , i would never ever become the hero ... rain dear sky , may you shed your tears on me , may your zephyr set me free . please cry ! please cry ! for i find solace in your pain and your tears are not in vain , i agree ! it would be amazing to have moriarty back but extremely unlikely . definitely one of the greatest tv shows ever . i can't wait for the 3rd season to come out . sadly it's been postponed for early 2014 because the lead actors are busy with other projects but it's okay ... i would most definitely like to live in japan , sweden or norway ... but mostly japan because i'm in awe with their culture , their anime and even their language which i've been trying to learn and i'll ... fingers crossed fellow infj . i know what you're feeling ... i recently had my heart shattered so i'm pretty familiar with the pain springing from love so i hope you'll be successful . and if things go ... indeed i wouldn't see myself in a teaching position ... it would be too tiresome . i use to think about becoming a writer , a psychologist , possibly even something in the criminal investigation field ... an unopened book left on a table covered by dust next to a key eaten away by crestfallen rust a shadow watching from the curtains of twilight as darkness pours the blood is burning bright welcome aboard fellow infj . although i'm only 17 years old , finding out that i'm an infj and reading about my personality helped me realize that the job i used to dream of having ( lawyer ) was not ... i don't know what i would be fighting for but i know what i want to fight against . i dislike how people in our days fail to think things for themselves and allow the media and the society to rule ... welcome and good luck in your quest ! i'm sure you'll meet people and ideas around here that will be of help to you and i'm sure you'll have fun . welcome once again :) ! somewhat angry but overall surprisingly content . today i realized i'm not alone . i have depression to be my companion and i know i can trust it . i'm grateful to you , dear depression . let us slumber , let me cry on your shoulder for i know that you ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lO4NUTobFzw welcome to our community . make yourself at home and i'm sure you'll have fun around here :) . welcome ! good to have another psychology fan around here :) . even though i'm only 17 i have already decided that i do not want to have children and i highly doubt that i'll go back on these words . it's not that i dislike children ... ok maybe just a little ... not sure if these fit every infj but they certainly fit me : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyD8SOPq_XY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD0bjqI4W0Y ... '