' when s / he seems afraid to tell you that he does love you ? madvillain / professor , i was more of a trickster some years ago , but people change . i think i'd hunt and kill the internet , just for kicks . or cancer , fuck curing the shit , who needs a healthy cancer ? let's kill it ! oh and i'd probably do like jazzlee hunt you too , guess it's a ... concerning the original question ( it's late and i'm way to tired to read five pages worth of texts ): almost all the time and every day . it nearly drew me mad at a point in my life . not in the fun ... listen to this tune http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfq_A8nXMsQ it usually helps me a lot when i feel confused or lost . try playing go , it is one of the most interesting and challengeing games around . oh and yes , i usually end up beating everyone in most board games . and a load of card games as well . if someone offers you drugs , make cake . put drugs into the cake . suit up , get an officious bible , get a stand and offer free salvation cake to passers by . i have two real fears , and these are things i can't really confront in a constructive way . the first is that i will wake up one day and realize that this life has only been an absurdly long dream ... http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2228#comic author , engineer and scientist . all at once . it is actually what i'm going for at the moment and thus far it goes well :) paranoid 22 % 49 % schizoid | 62 % 53 % schizotypal 74 % 53 % antisocial 46 % 47 % borderline 30 % 47 % histrionic | ... my christian friend ( she is studying to become a priest ) once asked me what i would do if she were right . what i would say if i came to the pearly gates and all that crap and had a one on one with ... indeed , i am a sardonic dickhead when i want to be and you just earned it , happy happy you i don't dislike celebrating birthdays per default , but to me it is more a good reason to celebrate life ? that having been said i try to get people to forget about my own birthday . i think it all ... almost never . it's a to unbalanced drug . but that one occasional drink with a good friend happens . but that is like every odd moth . and it mostly stays one drink as well . so i'm not an enfj , but here's a poem that isn't finished yet and i have no name for it . it is meant as a slam poem so read it out laud and imagine a beat . there's a young boy sitting at the ... so i have had the student reception for the whole last month . it ended 0500 in the morning today . during this reception there have been several different competitions . one competition was reserved ... i do think most entp . s can be and are romantic . just in their own little way . as many has stated above me . it's one thing to follow the classic approach to romanticism and another to be romantically ... well actually there was one . the one and only , you might say . but i think we sent it into orbit . or sealed it in magma . or both . probably both ... yeah , definitely both . and sharks with knives too . spagetti ! ! ! glue coins to the floor or to the pavement . classic and fucking hilarious . get good seats though , glue them close to a bench or something . i have been sitting looping . this loop especially . c-c-crazy ? i was crazy once . but , they put me in a round room to die ! but you can't die in a round room ... couse it ain't got no corners ... i'm an atheist , i do respect people's religions ( one of older closer friends is currently studying to become a priest ) but i can't neither see nor understand why they keep them . it's a live and let ... locke lamora . read the books about him . the first is even named the lies of locke lamora . i think most entps would like it ^ ^ jazzlee : mm , kth , sjukt taggad , har gått ett tekniskt basår nu senaste året . sjukt härligt , vad ska du plugga där ? mohahahaha no . there is no conspiracy and even if you find more proof we will ... i'm mainly just being me . my friends have told me that i flirt with everyone i meet . but i'm not consciously doing that . i usually come of with a lot of energy and enthusiasm towards life . and i am a ... also cyberhug back ! what university ? ^ ^ actually , i'm also swedish and will be studying at the royal academy of science and engineering the oncomming five years ! also sort of worked my as of to get in so i feel you ! :D * checking doom-meter * nope . your not so doomed it would appear . only slightly doomed to your upper left side . but that could be something completely different affecting your doom-scale . maybe you've ... you know what you should do ? you should like ... buy a fuckload of swords , katanas preferably and like smash them to bits . then you could decorate this wall with it . it's like a mirror , only it'd be ... ironically i would probably have invented those eyes or arms ^ ^ and probably some more similar stuff like that . i will have a house on the moon , for holidays . i will have contributed allot to the ... chaotic neutral , all the way ^ ^ it is as they say might save your life , might steal your car ooppps , didn't see ya ther , said the shovelwielding-dungflinger , which on inspection turned out to be your father . i actually would stay the same , it is not that i'm not curious ( because i am ) but i like me very much as i am , dangling bits and all . blind or deaf ? defenestrated ... water . especially after training . si-fi or fantasy ? i have an account but it's been ages since i actually uploaded anything . chogi on deviantart i'm mostly into skulpting , sketching and drawing stuff , though i haven't uploaded any pics in say two ... emm .. death please ? no ! i meant cake ! cake please ! pub or café ? and you have the rights to keep it . still it is a illogical opinion but , i think it can be nice way of thinking . to me knowing that my emotions is based on different chemical compounds released in my ... although it certainly helps ^ ^ 1 . that might indeed be the case . or a different sort of mushrooms ? 2 . we used mimosa hostilis root bark . extraction method was to dissolve the bark ( powdered if you can get it that way ) in lye ... my drug of choice is the sweet cocktail of endorphins released when i train and go at it a 100 % . nothing quite like that . that having been said i have done some unnaturals ( meaning not bodily ... i confess to several things , first , i do confess a to a similar struggle with myself as the one kr3m1in has got . i also confess that i do envy those who can settle down and be happy with comfort and ... i like final fantasy six through 10 ( haven't played the rest and have therefor no opinion ) , most of the zelda series and also ssx tricky and ssx 3 ( un-realistic snowboarding games ) . ohh , and ... helped me loads already ^ ^ is it only me or shouldn't we get this thread sticky ? seems like a very good help to many of us ^ ^ i must say mister tony starks advice is totally awesome ! i agree with fizz , to little fire but still fun . i had a fun time though since i was going to three different parties that night . last one i arrived at 23.59 local time . this is a cool way to die ! dangerous ? perhaps . fun ? definitely ! happy yule-tide to you all and thanks for all the advice , i will take them into consideration . to answer you coke ; she said that i had bad manners because of me wanting to leave so quickly at the ... i ask this mostly because of a recent ( yesterday as a matter of fact ) unpleasant event . long story short ; my friend mimmi has a friend by the name of camilla . i met camilla for the first ... '