' i have the need to feel wanted , but not really needed im not really fond of the cheesy romance , but the whole istj thing made the whole movie xd yes but , when it comes to any relationship that strong we still make time , not brush off . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM6gDIPAsXg while watching the adjustment bureau , i realised that most of the people in the bureau are istj's . its quite funny now that i watch it . of course we arnt the main characters but its quite funny to ... i get antisocial ... this is not an istj , at all . period . just saying this happens to me too . i notice that alot of personalities will come to ours with there problems , and that can be because we are trustworthy to talk to , or we are kinda the perfect ... im an istj female with a infp boyfriend . and really the only problem area we have is to do with emotions . i can come off as too harsh and cold , and i sometimes see him as overdramatic and ... work , eat , sleep , payday , work , eat , payday , work , payday , work money sleep die . souls are hard to come by now a days ya know ? : wink : emotion i guess . we are oblivious to how harsh we sound sometimes . most of my family are feeler types , we were raised in a very unhealthy dysfunctional enviroment . my father is very manipulative and does anything to get his way , and my mother has severe anger ... loyalty , and frugality lol its true im and istj female , my boyfriend is a infp , he says he does all the crying for me . when im upset i just busy myself with alot of work , and drown out any emotion . i guess me getting ... hello , im an istj female and my boyfriend is an infp . my boyfriend can get really emotional sometimes because he thinks im being cold or im pushing him away , i have no idea how to comfort him ... hello , im an istj female and my boyfriend is an infp . my boyfriend can get really emotional sometimes because he thinks im being cold or im pushing him away , i have no idea how to comfort him ... i would have laughed to , whether thats good or bad , that is hilarious . i dont think something like that ever happened to me though lol :p roud : 1 . ) yes , its amusing at times because i sound like sherlock holmes to other people , 2 . ) ooo yes , im super hard on myself i was raised with an infp mother , i did have to become aware that some of my comment were hurtful , but all of them were neccessary and important . so i had to word them differently . i slip up quite ... ive always worked pretty good in a team atmosphere as long as we got the work done . i always kept everything as a proffessional relationship . whatever you have to do to get it done , get it done . it ... i like it ! : shocked : paint sculpt photography sketch watercolor all art basically dance learning culture and languages video games ect ect enfp males have been hard for me to deal with , they are a very fascinating group of people . i dont think its a very good match . very different group from us ... i cant cry in front of people just out of curiosity , what is your intrest in istjs ? ( im the investigative type i must know xd ) . : kitteh :: tongue :: kitteh : curious about how much differences between istjs and isfjs in fashion sense . : happy : 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? hate it . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ... as you guys are getting deeper in your relationship she becomes unsure . im an istj female , and i know in most relationships im hesitant to go to deep into because we wil basically be dedicating our ... we never needed to ;p i feel like this is important i read those word quite often but still i have no idea of what it truly is 1 how do you know your unhealthy ? when you start messing with other peoples heads 2 does ... if they cant hold a conversation i read that istj's view relationships as a necessary part of life and when they find someone they get attached to they make the commitment for life and don't really question it and / or won't be the ... i dont know he kinda sounds like hes in between . with a little bit of intj in him ... mabey hes an intj ahem ... sweety you cant handle us even if you tried . im the school secretary . o yes , and things that we done to hurt people or failed to protect makes us feel like shit . not in the moment that it happened , but when everything crashes on us at once . including people that hurt ... o and dont overdo it with embrace , because then we feel your pity . and really not tell you anything , we dont like looking down upon . it pisses us off i am an istj , i will try to answer how i was able to deal with mine . - tell him if he needs someone to talk too he can talk to you . ( if he trusts you he might tell you little things here and there ) ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKb1iYH2UqU i hate this song , but its stuck in my head ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1anxnA7Zwc this to ... i have 20 $ i dont carry coins , i put them in a jar . only one credit card and no pics . my wallet is the most boring in the world me + hugs = bad juju we will eat your soul . no , if anything im the complete opposite in relationships no , im too busy being independent for that . i could care less what he does . never accused of being controlling , but have been accused of being distant and emotionally unavailable ... istj party ! ! ! even though i hate parties ... i would still like to meet all of you . :) unfortunately yes , but i have to be careful sometimes because it can really screw them up and change there life . it's a game to me , yes . but if the game gets to big , i have to cancel before i win , to ... hahaha that's sweet , we defiantly appreciated it . :) google will take over the world one day ... i do prefer the mastermind bathroom because its small hate the kitchen because there's so much more to do . i am defiantly not a feeler , my infp mother would laugh at that . i think it all depends on the environment your brought up in or how you are raised , maybe even experiences that we go through . no , absolutly not . even if i do get married i am going to be bringing money home . definatly not in our unpredictable economy ... '