a lot of therapists have no idea what they're talking about and cause harm . some therapists are helpful . psych medications can cause serious side effects and there is limited ( or no ) research that ... female isfp 59.167 masculine 55.833 androgynous 53.333 feminine him complimenting your appearance in any way is not appropriate at all . also , $ 100 an hour seems super expensive . i'm seeing someone right now who charges $ 50 an hour . if you're feeling uncomfortable with your therapist , it's definitely okay to get a new one . therapy is for you , not them . it should feel right to you . trust your instincts . i was absolutely certain i was an infp for years . i considered intp , enfp , and infj when i started questioning my type . it took me a long time to realize i wasn't an n . sx 28 so 26 sp 12 http://i.imgur.com/nKZQRvO.png this test has an obvious n bias . the top half of my results are all n types and the bottom half are all s types . infj 58.17 % infp 56.83 % intj 55.74 % enfj 55.45 % intp 54.4 % enfp 54.12 % entj ... thanks for the suggestion but falling asleep isn't an issue for me . why do you think she'd want your advice ? nah , i'm not in danger . thanks for asking though . i've just been having more trauma nightmares recently . i'm becoming afraid to sleep . fi = beautiful by eminem https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTa14Sui7mw se = number one by custom kings ( ignore the music video . it was the only video of this song i could find . ) ... color . bikini or one piece . could it be because you're only showering once every three weeks ? why is that ? do you not have access to water ? http://i.imgur.com/I2KohYv.gif chaotic good human paladin / druid ( 2nd / 2nd level ) ability scores : strength - 13 dexterity - 13 constitution - 12 intelligence - 13 wisdom - 13 charisma - 12 isfp , artisan congratulations , you belong to the owl ( intp ) tribe ! i tend not to type as isfp on tests . usually i get either infp or intp . does a cake count as art ? http://i.imgur.com/nREUPjz.jpg fi dom http://i.imgur.com/UW1zZKo.gif te dom http://i.imgur.com/H2kNW2c.jpg ne dom kiss : istp marry : entp bed : esfp intp , esfj , intj winter poetry or short story ? tend to assume they're very intelligent . often not the case that they are . otherwise , very nice . i'll be graduating with a degree in acting . i'm an isfp . i suppose i'm most protective of isfjs , sweet cinnamon rolls that they are . in general s types seem to be considered idiots on typology sites , but i think esfjs get the worst of it . 14 , isfp okay , i don't ever . dragon age inquisition shattered idealism can push any fi-dom to villainy . also , self-righteous anger , e . g . the vigilante type , would alse be believable for an fi-dom . in other words , someone who was hurt and can't ... i would most certainly never . when you do a ton of complex processing inside your head but don't feel certain til you test your conclusions in the real world . isfp usually mistaken for infp , occasionally infj . i think this is a really wise post and it's a good idea to make a plan , see how it works by trying it out , and then reflect and figure out what to do next based on experience . good luck ! you sound less intelligent and more delusional . intj is my guess . sorry intjs . zuko the honorlord http://i.imgur.com/eGiFAf2.gif this thread is full of hysterical type-related stereotyping and nitpicking of traits in order to confirm a preconceived bias . isfp 4w5 6w5 1w9 . envy , pride , and wrath for me . what stood out to me in what you wrote was fe and a lack of si . enfj . 1 . i feel compelled to speak my mind even when i know i shouldn't . 2 . i have a huge amount of determination and i don't ... what is keeping you from getting these things ? why do you hold your cards close to your chest ? is there something that's making you afraid to open up ? i think the bolded is the root cause of the problem . what would you need from someone to be able to connect ? i think what you described is a fairly common thing for intjs who are having a hard time dealing with the part of themself that feels . this , except for me it wasn't kids at school . i kicked back in self defense near the end and i've never been able to live with myself because of that . i wish i'd had the mind not to , but it was ... sometimes this thing happens with some infjs where they become accusative of other people because they feel threatened or misunderstood , but the people they're accusing don't deserve to be accused ... eh , i think this is more of an enneagram thing . counterphobic 6s seem far more likely to immerse themselves in a subculture . there's a certain kind of hypocrisy in seeking a group to escape social ... katurian katurian katurian is a character from the play the pillowman . katurian , a writer of short stories that often depict violence against children , has been arrested by two detectives , ariel ... overrated : infp underrated : isfj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwENzYn_axc