ponytails on a man = infj ? my supervisor is a male and he does not have a ponytail . sent from my iphone using tapatalk any other baristas in this forum ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk are you indian sent from my iphone using tapatalk are you indian sent from my iphone using tapatalk do you have any mental health issues sent from my iphone using tapatalk no sent from my iphone using tapatalk precognitive , like a day in advance is natural ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk nope , read infj job descriptions sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm 13 years clean of marijuana and years sober of alcohol . no thank you . sent from my iphone using tapatalk asd ? autism spectrum disorder , aspergers spectrum disorder or antisocial disorder ? i have ptsd and emotional stress and i can tell you when anyone pushes my buttons i want to go ballistic on them ... hmm . so you think it's natural to know what's going to happen ahead of time ? for example saturday night i had a strong feeling my child was going to end up in the er and she did sunday afternoon ... an antipsychotic for sleep like seroquel should take care of all that . ptsd is not a psychosis , it's an anxiety disorder . bpd on the other hand borders on psychosis . sent from my iphone using ... hmm , that could be shaming to an infj / hsp with ptsd . sent from my iphone using tapatalk yeah i've gotten in too much trouble for sarcasm , so i've developed the capacity to morph into an intj and one other so as to protect my feelings . sent from my iphone using tapatalk does anyone else think that being an infj / hsp / empath make one more prone to trauma ? also all are infj also hsp and empaths or only some . i am all three and psychic . is anyone else afraid to be ... intj cause they are arrogant jerks sent from my iphone using tapatalk they kick a * * sent from my iphone using tapatalk i have a bad mouth if i want to , like to wear skulls , go ballistic if i get bullied . sent from my iphone using tapatalk fine a flaw is the wrong word . i apologize . i've heavily influenced by an intj with a pd . what i meant to say is this article is talking about a sensory processing difficulty not an hsp or an infj ... i have a degree in cdev . i've taken classes in sensory motor development and sensory processing difficulties . i've also been identified as an hsp and have tested as an infj for 20 years . you are ... are you sure this is not kind of bpd response as opposed to an infj response ? you did mention you're an alcoholic . i think perhaps what you're referring to is not an infj issue . sent from my ... the whole article is about sensitivity that is a disorder which is different then being a highly sensitive person . have you studied child development in school ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk this is saying that being sensitive is a flaw . sent from my iphone using tapatalk hmm sent from my iphone using tapatalk i know right ? stereotyping the types ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk hmm ... do you want what infj have ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk may i ask why you are curious ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk i replied to that post sent from my iphone using tapatalk see a psychologist . i don't believe in online tests . sent from my iphone using tapatalk don't go sent from my iphone using tapatalk why would an infj hurt someone sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm extroverted when i have to be or want to be but i never bring anyone home nor do i ever go over to anyone's home . i do all my socializing on a group level , i don't hang out one on one . sent ... i apologize for my post , i can see it was out of line . sent from my iphone using tapatalk don't like them or celebrations , don't like feast / fast cycles , don't like excitement , festivity , celebration . i like things cool , calm & collected , peaceful & serene , like a spa or a forest ... ... lol ! ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk yeah that's funny because the intj i know and i can really get into it ... my daughter likes to lawyer too but i don't know her type . like i said i'm a strange infj i have an internal intj that comes ... truth , honesty , passion , persistence , determination , forthrightness , certainty , decisiveness , confidence ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk so i call the intj disease bpd , what do you call it ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk thank you that is kind of you sent from my iphone using tapatalk another intj . yeah i'm definitely done . sorry for the offense intj s , wasn't my intention but i can see it was insensitive . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm done personally sent from my iphone using tapatalk lol . an intj stubbornness when they think they right is not the rest of the population . let's agree to disagree . don't want to flame out here . sent from my iphone using tapatalk um i don't type people they tell me their types sent from my iphone using tapatalk are you kidding me ? bpd is all about misperception and when an intj thinks they're right ? lol , ain't nobody changing they mind . so a misperception + stubborn unwillingness to be corrected equals ... huh ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk you mean thinking i can find a safe place on line ? i know of one place and it's not here nor is it a forum . i told you i'm a strange infj . i have a lot of t in me , more then normal for an infj .  ... yeah i'm on my iphone and don't usually look at people's profiles . i'm on tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk i know better then that sent from my iphone using tapatalk the answer is the intuition and the introversion and the judging make for compatibility , the t / f dichotomy does not . sent from my iphone using tapatalk um are you serious ? sanctuary ? online ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk