' istj dad : what are you thinking about ? infp me : i'm thinking what if we got percy ( the shih tzu we just adopted ) a litter box ? dad : a litter box ? ! oh hell no , he is already enough of a pussy ... estj grandfather on me adopting a shih tzu : all small dogs are the same ( stupid and yappy ) and i am incapable of training and caring for it properly .  ... i hate writing , i love having written . why dorothy parker is my literary spirit animal . dear exfj sister , i'm sorry , but you really hurt my feelings . i'm not going to tell you that , because i'm afraid you'll just crush them more , not because you mean to , but because you are so ... i just had the best im convo with a really good friend who i haven't spoken to since i left school in december . she happens to be an infp and it was just really great to express my fi a bit . she said ... i think this is a fantastic idea and would be totally interested . maybe instead of random assignment we could have a sign up / selection thread . everyone fills out a survey with things like age , ... < < < see avatar . voted extinct because there will never be another dottie . ithe 50th anniversary celebrations are going to air on tv , steven moffat is being quite coy about what exactly it's going to entail but i expect it's going to be brilliant . i wouldn't be surprised if ... i am and always will be the optimist . the hope for far-flung hopes and dreamer of improbable dreams . u200bfavorite of favorites . around 3am this morning on facebook a good friend of mine posted a status saying a friend of hers was in a coma after being hit by a car . three minutes later my favorite student teacher from high ... a good friend of mine who is really involved in fandom and runs a kink meme ( so she's seen everything and then some ) summed up this issue brilliantly : your kink is not my kink and i'm okay with ... my close friends tend to be njs for some reason , though i have a couple infp pals . there are two infjs i'm pretty close too , and one who tested enfj but i actually think esfp is more likely . my ... i'm utterly obsessed with doctor who , as 90 % of my tumblr could attest to . i also love parks and recreation , how i met your mother , once upon a time , the borgias , downton abbey , sherlock , and the ... akhjasd , yes favorite quote of the book ! i read it for the first time recently and that whole scene gave me nf goosebumps . brave new world does a brillant job of illustrating why suffering is ... http://zenpencils.com/comics/2012-05-29-gaiman.jpg i actually feel like i developed my si pretty early on , i had a great knack for memorizing and recalling facts as a child ( my mom called me an elephant :P ) . as for te , i can get pretty logical about ... um , guys can we maybe lay off posting hard numbers ? a lot of factors influence weight and it is way too easy to make comparisons and feel crappy even though every body is different . ed has already ... okay , so in accordance with rule 7 i shall regale you all with my tale . i live with my parents ( strike one , i'm super paranoid about them being privy to the ongoings of my love life ) in the ... 25 % , i really don't relate . i imagine codependency would have a stronger correlation to fe than fi ( incidentally the people in my life i think most exhibit codependency are all fjs ) though i'm sure ... i voted 8 , the transition from adolescence to young adulthood has made me feel like less of an adult than i did at fifteen . i've dealt with on and off depression for the past three and a half years , ... when you go to eat dinner and your family looks at you like they haven't seen you in three years , and it suddenly dawns on you that you haven't eaten or left you room for sixteen hours because you ... paperwork is the greatest innovation ever . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbN0nX61rIs&ob=av2n i'm going to defer to my nfp homegirl amelia pond on this , she puts it more eloquently than i ever could . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnnWUoLcmns that said , i find voices really ... thanks for the new guilty pleasure guys , bravo has nothing on this thread . http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m50o4fKHUI1r3la3n.gif it's been almost a year , it took me two months to properly break down and cry about it , and now i can't so much as write your name without bursting into tears . whenever i use a dishcloth i just want ... middle / older hybrid . my parents each had a daughter prior to meeting , my mother's firstborn is nearly ten years older than me and was raised with me and my younger sister . she graduated high school ... my enfp sister is the youngest of three . i'm a bit surprised many of you are first borns , i would expect oldest siblings to be more likely to exhibit judging preferences . actually audrey hepburn's singing voice was dubbed for my fair lady , she did her own singing in funny face and breakfast at tiffany's though . her voice was really quite lovely , it just didn't have ... this just makes my fi want to do backhand springs and bind itself up into that novel i keep telling myself will happen someday . and it's nice to know i'm not the only one who fears the man with the ... late to the aww party , but seriously this is 36 kinds of adorable . my dearest friend is an intj , it really is a very special dyamic . based on the recent events of his love life , i just want to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxBJYSU3RJ8 because somewhere in every infp there are dancing mushrooms . ne in gif form . http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lv909cx6gL1qieqgu.gif http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0f1lvLMJJ1qhd2y8o1_400.jpg plot is so ni :P i would destroy it , if i kept it i would eventually go althaea on someone . i just want to say , as a twenty one year old infp who currently feels incredibly stuck due to her infpness thank you for the lovely nuggets of encouragement and assurance from those who have made it ... yes , rachel is totally esfj , she seems to get typed as enfj a lot and just no . kurt : enfx brittnay : esfp mike : isfp sam : istp i feel so incredibly i right now . my sister is having a pool party for the people she works with , i don't know anyone . i went out for two seconds , people said hi to me and my first instinct was to ... evidence of matt smith being just as ne-dom as his fictional counterpart : http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4pvbtPebH1rwo02fo1_1280.jpg there seem to have been quite a few threads that involve esfj moms lately , and i thought the special brand of stress they can cause deserved its own thread . i'm going to refrain from speaking too ... autumn raven you have a mini chewy . how do you ever manage to keep your reproductive organs from exploding daily ? i have just one kitty right now . she's the sweetest cat ever ( maybe because her namesake is melanie wilkes ) but i really want another dog . my puppy left the mortal world last summer :( i just read the book last weekend , katniss struck me as a hard core ti user . the way the book is written gives such a clear view of how she thinks , i can almost see the ti-se loop . istp would be my ... lately , i've been thinking about the novel i want to write . i try to push my mind a bit farther each night , trying to get my subconscious to continue the story . it's being stingy though , i might have ... i've come from infp land to bring you all this completely ordinary picture of my enfp sister watching tv . http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/61731_445441052336_573197336_5629754_6407359_n.jpg happy about nothing . one of my enfjs does that . her features do have quite the range : crazy : it kind of amuses me that this thread isn't more active , i have three people close to me who are confirmed enfjs and they are all camera happy . probably because they photograph ridiculously well , ... you infp lads are so adorbs ! me and cameras don't cross orbits very often , i was voted most likely to avoid the paparazzi at governors school ( aka glorified nerd camp , so i had some pretty stiff ... my istj father is stunningly hilarious , as is his estj father ( though my dad's humor isn't as self aware , which just makes it funnier imo ) . isabel myers comments on humor in her istj description , ... i'd say nfp is likely , though i think she skews e . i absolutely adore her music . '