' nfs : the druggies ( don't be nfs , kids ) . i guess i took that in a different direction xd . being a peacemaker is more of an enneagram 9 thing or a fe thing ( well , fe is meeting group needs which may not be peacemaking ); but it's a common enneagram type among infps . fi may have a strong ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqR6CBFyelw since we've moved away , we quit the gym membership and i've been getting exercise at home . i finally have a place to set up my gazelle , use that at least three times a week . doing some light weight ... maybe sometime i'll feel different , but for me right now ; following current events might be the least productive , net-negative , annoying wastes of time i can think of . especially for something you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHoNWwhzh3M ... no sleep deprivation apparently really messes with my anxiety . makes me think i'm somehow going to screw up at my work and lose the house.makes me want to shut myself away from the world even more . when ... thought i was out of my nighttime meds yesterday ; it was sunday so i couldn't call the pharmacy . 3 , 4 hours tops of miserable sleep . woke up to find i actually had two bottles of the stuff left ... love ___ or hate ___ always means hate , doesn't it ? hr giger ? ( i guess he worked in a lot of mediums ) i get too angry when people don't align with enough of my values . granted , most of those values i consider don't be a dick level of common sense . i sometimes go into things ( especially when i'm ... how do you deal with tilt ? could be competitive games , something related , or just anything that causes tilt for you . do you switch games , stop playing for a while , something else ? i try not to . at least outside of the fictional realm . i like when i recognize when i'm in a dream , and can decide how long i want to be in it . if i bite my lower lip in a dream i can end it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oehGtcW6BU i'll still never return . not worth it ; they'd have to ban like 20-30 people to remove the toxicity and other keyboard warriors would fill the gap . if i ... i like to guess who are on these lists . i'll just list who surprised me : does phil collins include his genesis work ? same with clapton ( with all of his bands ) i'm surprised queen is so low . same ... was spiderman socially awkward ? screaming for vengeance was my first avatar on this site . totally agree . i think that it's so bad it's good movies shouldn't count . at least the ones that are intentionally bad . maybe they are too easy , or not the point of the phrase guilty pleasure movie . i dunno , ... forgot how irritating a bad run of results can be . 1-11 today in eternal ( think hearthstone ) . at that point i don't know what combination of a ) just bad luck / good luck for my opponents , b ) making bad ... astroneer ; really helps you forget the tilt caused by going 1-8 in eternal this morning . so many unskippable ads on youtube right now , grr .. are any of my meds antipsychotics ? ... ( hops on google ) yes . seroquel has treated my insomnia , which ... yeah , really really bad to have when you have to get up at 6 am . fwiw , my friend who helped drag me out of a fog of anxiety and low self esteem into heathlier territory is an intj . that's basically how mine works . found my old nes that my parents had in their garage . it's yellowed to oblivion ( which i'm fine with , for now ) , i only have two games ( roadblasters and tetris ) , but it's another nice hit of nostalgia . it's 8 pm ; let's start watching everything creepy i follow on youtube ... have you seen the elbow drop ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOJGFrMzN3g manic today . really impulsive , short attention span , pretty sure i forgot my morning meds . it's not too destructive , but that's because i didn't need to devote a bunch of time to anything today . wield i think people start at one extreme , discover the other extreme , and eventually find a balance . you'll get there . someday i'll make enough money that i can support a bunch of youtube content creators through patreon / twitch , then turn ad blocker back on because f the actual youtube . i love museums , they are one of my favorite places to visit . i drive my wife crazy though while we are both in one : she has a theory . people fall into one of two categories : the what's next ? ... i forgot how much fun it is to optimise a deck in a customizable card game . evaluation of individual cards ( which cards are better than similar ones for the same role ) , making sure i can play things ... i'll respond by stating how and why i use likes here or on facebook / twitter : 1 . i enjoy the post but have little to add to the subject . 2 . i use it as a ' discussion capper ' . if i'm going back ... i need to recalibrate my perception of what is exciting and what is anxiety inducing . i'm playing an online card game ( eternal ) , playing ranked games at the very low levels , and any close game ... meal in a glass . wish i didn't hate bloody marys :( i successfully ran four errands at four different places ! dad ( isfj ) we're both alcohol snobs . only microbrews and expensive single-malts while we're together . i'm starting to drive slower . i'm actually turning into a safer ( slower ) driver than my dad ; ... first major relationshit ( har har ) had me being codependent . i was just trying to get out of my cycle of ( low self esteem / anxiety = not trying to date = i'm terrible so nobody should date me ) , ... a semi-controversial subject is of fps ( frames per second in this case , not first person shooter ) of modern games , especially on consoles . ubisoft once said that 30 fps was more cinematic than the ... basically i'm a feeler who's obsessed with irrational vs rational thought . are we sure i'm a feeler ? lol https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjVmeKWOsEU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qztuEucrNBc one big difference between early 20 ' s me and 32 almost 33 year old me : i relish being a hypocrite and relish having ethical quandries , if that means i'm being a good person . or doing what i think is ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfD8Dnh2xho lyrics are either irrelevant or matter very much . i think i should have had more examples of non-english songs i like , but many songs are in english , ... i'm forever intrigued by the pursuit of objectivity ; an imperfect pursuit , vs giving up and going for pure subjectivity . one place where you can find both in spades is in documentaries . maybe more ... i often place myself in the role of somebody else , and roleplay what i'd ideally be like . if i was famous for some reason , or rich . not that i want to be either , just that's where my dream worlds go . hell yeah ! i got a buzz going right now . because i take so many days off it's my first beer albiet a high proof one i love when these threads get brought up . i'm neutral good , but wish i was chaotic neutral sometimes . like garak from ds9 / that depp guy from the pirate movies . '