' people have their priorities . it sounds like you know what his are . i'd say enjoy the friendship but don't necessarily get too invested . people don't always stay friends for various reasons , but that ... haha , the idea is interesting but wouldn't work for me . i was a classic 8w7 growing up , and even more eightish than i am now . a return to childhood would mean being even less mindful of others and ... i find comparisons to a robot distasteful . i've had that term used to dismiss or downright discredit any feelings i had because i didn't put my heart on display in a fe / sx-approved manner . being ... i went through something similar ( long distance move by myself away from family and friends for work ) . i know what helped me was speaking to someone who had done that same thing before . they were ... i'm pretty busy with work and personal projects ( graphic design ) , but i'm still around . yes . agreed . i think three is more in control of their how they are seen . what i mean by that is they have more a hand in intentionally crafting it . i think eights by comparison are less hands on about ... i'm going into art directing . it will take me a couple years to make the full switch but i've decided to make it anyways . i'll have regrets if i don't pursue it . it's interesting - - mbti career ... being an estj would probably explain why i've always been more business-minded about art . i'm less into art for art's sake and more about being creatively productive . it's a large part of why ... i've talked with a few people about this ; all of these people had very successful careers and retired early in life as a result of their career choices ( all of them were born and raised in low income ... i am pretty oblivious to office politics . fortunately , my coworkers and immediate director are excellent at it . i consult with them whenever i need to deal with politics as part of getting something ... i just took the test ( after reading this post ) . it's a pleasure to see my current career goals line up perfectly with my results , artistic-enterprising ( ae ) . this probably would have helped me ... vive it's ridiculously manipulative . and yes , i do think she's probably an example of an extremely unhealthy six with a terrible sense of self esteem . yeah , i didn't realize when i first ... having been on the receiving end of this recently , some observations : asking the same questions in different ways to test the truthfulness of the answer . looking for cracks in the response ( not ... since this topic seems to have brought out the pro-weapons group on perc , question for those who use pepper spray : how much comfort does that actually provide you as a tool ? i've owned a few types of ... i think its worth examining your own expectations . are you hoping this is a step towards a relationship with her ? do you want it to be ? will you be able to handle the non-romantic dynamic ? by that i ... i left for a three day business trip . the trash can was near full . i come back and it's packed and the kitchen reeks to high heaven of rotting food . my roommate is oblivious to it , as always . ... type ones : have you had people tell you they need a more reactive response from you ? i talk with a type one sometimes , and i will get an emotionally neutral positive response when in a passionate ... yes , especially in a professional setting . unless i dislike the person , at which point it's more about seeing how far they can go before they realize they're digging their own grave . i think 90:10 is a good way of putting it . there are maybe some underlying pieces that are still there , but those parts are kind of under anesthesia once the 90 percent is gone . then even those ... i don't think i've become more prejudiced or tolerant . i'm not more or less open to people as a result of mbti . i am , however , better at finding ways to communicate with people i engage with . i ... voicing what others have said : four . most likely 4w3 . i believe it's part of being 8w9 ( maybe it's just an eight thing ) , but being able to disconnect is fairly easy for me . it's a default defense mechanism . on some level , getting emotionally ... i don't care about intensity , and i think it's safe to say i don't seek it . this is probably a byproduct of being sp first , sx last . my four friend is sx first and all about intensity . i find she ... second what a few others have said . what you want and should strive to be is assertive , not aggressive . being aggressive will only create a new series of problems . 739/793 the eight answers always seem too aggressive for me and the five answers too introverted . everyone i have ever asked says none of the enneagram types sound like me . i don't know why . they'll pick out types for themselves , their sos , their friends and family , but when it comes to me they ... i legit forgot there were other long-time estj members on here . the biggest thing you can do is show that you are personally responsible and actively in charge of yourself and your duties . be organized , be a step ahead . time manage yourself and keep track of what ... i think i'm going to try and go back to school for design . i don't just want it for a career , i want to be one of the best in the field . i need to lay out a financial plan , though , to make this work ... i'm 28 . i work in digital marketing , which pays for the bills and social life . i didn't major in marketing ; i fell into it after i realized my original major had too bleak a job outlook ( and the ... thank you for telling me . i figured you ( and the others on here ) didn't mean it to be pedantic . i just find it frustrating because it does exactly what the intuitives are creative / visionary talk ... in case it hasn't been said , get off these forums and stop reading mbti . this personality system is toxic to you and has become verything a personality system shouldn't be . you are not supposed to ... this sounds incredible . i would go in a heartbeat . i'd also offer to drive the whole thing , because they no such thing as too much driving . goofy practical artistic warm / friendly optimistic always running late energetic prefer working with people drive too fast like to stay home i would rather be awake than asleep . sleeping can be pleasant , but it more often feels like an interruption from more interesting tasks . so if i understand what you've said , the passively established boundaries set by parallel play style interactions are viewed as less mature than the act of actively setting boundaries . ... chad 86tsi what then is the walking stage ? if what you described is the crawling stage . oh , i see . based on what you wrote , i thought it was considered a very specific stage in development , one that considered either a precurser to other stages or the end goal . i wasn't aware it was ... which is considered better from a developmental standpoint ? or is neither significantly better or worse as a practice , so long as there are no miscommunicated expectations ? i can't say i've ever had that desire . the idea of someone being my world is incredibly uncomfortable . it undermines my freedom and autonomy and erases my independence . it makes me dependent on them ... education : english currently in marketing , looking to move into graphic design and eventually art directing . am a bit concerned about the intial pay for graphic design , but i woud have more ... i personally don't care for math as an activity in and of itself . i'm more oriented towards the arts . is it really a break if you're still talking to people , though ? on the istj subforum . best part of the week : the guy i'm designing a movie poster for is paying me well . and he's a good client and great to work with . i'm so damn lucky . it looks like i get to feel statistically special for a change . how nice . which mod do i contact for my shoulder chip ? am 4 sx . so much me . very concerning . pls send help . i originally typed accurately , but it was during a period when eights were viewed as black swan occurrences . so i ended up switching to other types before eventually finding my way back to eight . i'm somewhat confused . from what you're saying , it seems to me that you want people to stand up for you , but don't think much about giving the same in return . not intended to be a slight - - i'm just ... '