' i used to think my first love would be my only love in this life and that she's all i needed . things didn't work out and it ended abruptly soon after . i mind and soul went in search of dark ... reading up the 8 pages of posts in this thread . it's been a while since i've really been on perc . feels like home here :p roud : people often say i look scary and sometimes depressed . so yea ... i don't think so . : confused : i'm guilty of this as well . even after 6 months i still have her at the corners of my head . i don't particularly hate her , but i just can't face her in person anymore . i cannot fathom how anyone can ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtf7hC17IBM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzuXZfKg2YM i fell in love with this song after watching the tear jerking fault in our stars : crying : ... cried the most ... has it improved your relationships ? how ? - i tried telling a few close friends about mbti and me being an infp ... but only my close intj friend understands and tolerates me a little . but i'm still ... fish sticks ! ! ! i can relate to all of the stuff listed except for 20 . sometimes we forget to eat … .. i'm always hungry : blushed :: tongue : always been labeled weird and crazy .. i guess they are true to a certain extent . still searching for that someone which weirdness matches mine : tongue : struggling with post-breakup symptoms : bored : on the same boat here buddy . struggling with the social thing as well ... : rolleyes : guess we'll just have to make an effort to try out different things and let the experiences guide us through i think having a proper mind set and a few core motivators are essential create an exercising routine . next off comes the boringgg part which is exercising itself ! ! i cannot fathom how some ... that there are plenty of loved ones and things in life that are worth living for ... we just have to keep searching high and low for them so never give up on life .. and never lose hope in yourselves ... hey ! ! i have flat feet too : tongue : i go barefoot 100 % of the time indoors ( asian household ) and i have a need to wet my feet every 1 to 1.5 hours to feel ' hydrated ' as well . : laughing : i wear ... most likely due to my default stoned + dead facial expression that makes 99 % of the people think i'm an a-hole or i have a problem with them . : bored : i'm making progress though ... i think * i think it's great to be doing something that interests you so much about ! given the opportunity , i might give it a go as well ! : tongue : i'm mildly messy i guess , but not slobish messy ; just clean messy .. if that makes any sense ? i would clean out my desk every 3-5 weeks or so . but i mop the floors every week or so . :p roud : i like ... wow that was trippy : frustrating :: confused : you are in a perpetual quest to find the new , the exciting . emotionally volatile , you are known for sudden changes of opinion , of appreciation , and ... daytime : i want to be proactive ! ! : shocked : late at night : i think about her still ... : sad : my ex girlfirend said that i was genuine . : rolleyes : random this thread just makes me all warm inside : tongue : * hugs everyone in the thread * intelligentiful you are not alone on this as i too scared off my ex the same way . thinking back i feel like i wasn't entirely in love with her as i was was also in love with the idea of being in ... here ! ! * raises hand enthusiastically * i would say i'm more goal and career oriented rather than relationship oriented . i pretty much have the same route as . i aim to get into ... try dropping everything and do something that relaxes your mind for 30 mins or so and continue your work ? try to not panic too much and keep at it ? i'm sure you'll get through it . : happy : ... i feel empty . thanks dude ! skiing sounds awesome ! i may never get a chance do that from this part of the world : laughing : gave me a few chuckles ! ! thought i'm pretty sure i give off an anti-people vibe rather than a bunny / hug vibe : laughing : i just broke up a month and a half ago as well . i got this portable magnifying lens for my bio-loving gf some time back and it's gonna be shipped to my place next month . i was planning to ... i deal with it by letting the pain slowly fade away . keeping myself busy and having closure on issues helps as well . have been sulking a few months after being dumped and one day i just woke up ... went to sf and took the alcatraz tour back in 2012 . it was a really weird experience as we visited the prison cells and such . present summer however , i'll be travelling to and fro campus doing ... nah , you're not alone on this subject . i had the same feeling when i tried to watch the office ( us ver ) as well . i tend to stop watching a series when i start to feel emotionally burdened by the acts ... you have your emotions under control ! nothing beats the sensation of cruising on a relatively empty highway with your favourite tunes on . i tend to escape and go for a drive when i mind gets too clouded or i get too emotional . also , it's ... if only that could happen more often :/ being in mid 20s , getting hugs from anyone at all would bring me great warmth from within . i'll definitely cherish it and thank the person . tested fnip - samwise gamgee ( snuggie ) - an infp in this mood is always trying to find simple solutions to the emotional turmoil in people's lives . once they find such solutions , they try to ... thank you shiraniu 117 ineffipy and acey for the feedback . i have approached her hoping that i could convince her to allow us to try again . but alas , she said that we blew our chances together ... breakup really sucks : bored : . but i guess it's just a part of life . best i can offer you is a virtual hug . * hugs tightly * apart from that , i'm just clueless regarding the subject matter . : unsure : first off , i'm a 23 year old male and i had always struggled sustaining ties with other people . a week ago , my girlfriend ( 21 yo ) broke off with me through text . she said that she no longer has ... kudos for posting this video ! i only find the last scene ( exiting through the bushes ) describes me best though . the feeling of a void expanding inside of the heart is so hard to bear with . =( i experienced this 2 years ago and i ended up breaking bonds with my circle of friends . till this day i do not know ... infp - the healer you scored 25 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 40 j versus p ! amanda 32 wow , your post just made my day . as if i've taken a stroll in a female infp's head . i too came to this point shortly after i have signed up for a facebook account . this is the case especially when so many people around are extroverts and such . having people judge your worth by ... i've always wanted to connect more with the friends i had but sadly i don't seem to be trustworthy enough . guess they got the idea from my volatile personality . being told that you're a really ... why did the duck cross the road ? i voted yes , running low on cash now . i guess i would do it after some consideration . having a way to kill myself would be good too if things go out of hand . it's a baby polar bear . sadly i don't own one . doubt it can withstand the weather in my side of the globe . = o hello . glad to hear a fellow infp getting back on track and all . cheers . got hold of ' classical music top 100 ' can't seem to get bored from it . '