' thanks ! ! and yes it seems that way , he is very rarely like that with words . he mostly enjoys sharing his interests and teasing me when he can . when he said those things , he seemed almost ... thank you , i could see him in your explanation . i've noticed he can be negative , with himself especially . he seems to act uncertain as though i may be manipulating him or just teasing , ... yeah . i'm thinking that's the only way . i just have to be direct about it so i can move forward , and he won't be all confused / frustrated by me anymore . we're talking better these days , which is a ... well he's a mess of mixed signals , i can say that for sure . my phone has been acting up with this irritating glitch where it seems to hold text messages or delay sending them , and he'll get them ... hi all , i'm not really certain what i'm trying to ask here , but i'll do my best to explain . i have a crush on a co-worker , and i believe he's either an intj or istj ... i can't quite pin it down , ... wow ! that's crazy , i bet you were in for quite a shock when that all went down ! i'm sorry to hear that . i can only imagine how you handled it . i never understood the obsession with certain religious ... what did u find most difficult in school ? i was often distracted if we were learning something i didn't particularly care for or piqued my interest . i preferred fantasizing or sneaking in a book and ... i don't know about that but i have been complimented on for being smart in the past :) but i'm kind of ocd about certain things and make sure to put in all this extra effort into my work . i stress if ... incredibly difficult , but i leave them alone . i attach myself to memories and go through a whole turbulent process of grieving . the best thing is once he's certain it's over and doesn't feel the ... i'm not even officially in a relationship and i can't think of or even try to feel that way for anyone except my infp . i keep thinking how hard it'll be to move on , if he ever said it should be so . ... for a while i was feeling pretty bad about the mixed responses , and the more negative things said on the infp side but ... i've realized that these things don't entirely define us as people , and who ... my father is an intj and he cheated on my mother ( which ended their marriage ) , but even so when he was caught he felt guilty and dealt with a lot of emotions then . but i never took it out on the ... i agree with what lenabelle said , i have an esfj mother too and the best thing you can do is to give her as much information as possible . and of course , once you are there , try to keep in contact so ... no it means a lot , thank you . i'm definitely more the type that likes to take things slow , and get to know a person . i'd never in a million years accept a random hey ! you seem interesting , let's go ... i'm curious from an infp stand-point , how do you deal with such things as having romantic feelings for someone , or when they carry those feelings for you ? furthermore , if you're in a relationship or ... thank you so much for your interpretation ! :) one thing you said really stood out to me because he has said it himself many times before , is that he really desires for someone to truly understand ... i'd love for the opportunity ... but he lives in another country , overseas . he just did some school in the u . s . with me before going back to finish . it's so complicated because of the different ... yes , you're exactly right , he is an infp :) i've actually written about him in these forums before . it's hard to be so close to a person , even harder when you're close and yet so far away . when ... thank you very much for your analysis ! haha , i really do appreciate everyone's insight . i feel slightly bad for putting his words out in the open here , but i just wanted to be certain before i ... haha , aww well thank you for your response ! ! :) our relationship has always been an interesting one . it always sounded funny to me to say ' friends ' because it felt so much lighter than what it really ... it's not necessarily a poem but ... you see , i've been exchanging letters with a very dear friend of mine for quite some time . he went away to school , and in the distance i feel like i've grown fonder ... i feel like the worst sister ever . my little sister is struggling with body image issues and isn't willing to talk about it , and she's getting to the point where it's almost anorexic . she's ... oh i definitely see that . my mom is esfj and my brother is an intp and they clash a lot . but regardless , my mom cares for him very much and just needs to take a little more time to talk with him in a ... i know this is a dated post , but i felt like i had to reply . my mom is an esfj too , and it may often feel that way , but she's a really caring individual and i know she loves me and my siblings very ... isfj's , i'm curious about your families and their types . are they all very different , or perhaps you're pretty similar ? also , have they impacted you in any way in regards to relating with others who ... i'm so glad to see i'm not alone ! ... not that i'm happy you others feel detached however . exactly ! it's a trust thing with me mostly , i don't feel like i can just open up or approach just ... honestly regardless of type , it can be very difficult to tell the meaning behind a person's actions or words , or what they're thinking or feeling . everyone has a certain way about them , and we don't ... in a professional setting , i usually focus on getting the task done and trying my best to overlook things and not share my feelings or personal opinions , especially if they may cause any ... for a while now i have been experiencing these feelings of detachment . from my surroundings , from myself , and i find it hardest to make a connection with other people . often times it seems that i've ... see , i've never been married , so i probably can't say very much . but personally , if i was receiving messages like that from an ex , especially if i were married , i wouldn't continue talking to that ... unfortunately , lots of things lol i'll mentally fight myself not to . intimidation is a big thing ... at my old job , i was often confronted with irate customers and intimidating authority figures , and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBBdSzer6L4 and there's too much going on , but it's calm under the waves in the blue of my oblivion ... yes lol that's what i love about this section . i also seem to get along better with other isfj's i know in real life . imagine that :P i always feel closest to others that are isfj or infp randomly , ... 7392273923 totally embarrassing lol some random school notes and my name , comparing smaller and larger writing . i have ' crowded ' handwriting , and i form the weirdest k's i've ever seen . a lot of ... i feel ... horrible ... dx to quote teddy unfortunately it's the same for me . also like with what tenderheart said , i'm afraid of letting my guard down and allowing myself to be vulnerable with someone else . it always ... helping others , seeing and being apart of changes for the better , forging strong and loving bonds with people , moving forward in my life and my relationships with others , family , friends etc . there ... for today ? 1 . the great sermon in church ( touched close to home ) 2 . my wonderful mother 3 . my health ( i've been stressed and overly anxious , but today is the first day of relief ) nothing extraordinary , just a picture i thought was kind of cool . it's my dog when we went up to the lake in january . i just like the way the sky looks and the snow on one side of the lake and the ... i am not even sure , i was never good with labels . i was quiet and liked art and got stuck hanging around a lot of the brainy types because i shadowed my best friend from middle school mostly . i grew ... yes , i can totally relate ! group settings aren't usually my thing , but if i'm going to go out with someone i'm not too familiar with , i'll want to add more people so i won't be the only one left ... i always feel incredibly awkward when people offer me anything , let alone having to scrounge up the courage to ask for help if i really need it . i'm always trying to take care of myself , and for the ... and suddenly i'm feeling self-conscious about being only 5 ' 3 1/2 ( about 161 cm ) ... really hating my short , stubby legs . i've noticed i do a lot of complaining in this thread ... my apologies : 3 still human beings so yes , anyone is quite capable of this lol though i'm the type that feels bad afterwards and winds up apologizing later . i really wish i didn't check his updates . seeing him again is killing me inside . new photos ... he looks great ... as always . hair's a bit longer . i miss him . it doesn't matter how far apart , you can't ... so it seems like after all my effort , he's taken to avoiding me . it was a hopeless thing in the first place , i knew that , but still . we live too far apart , it just happened by chance that we met ... thank you for your thoughts :) and i feel like you're right about that . it was building for a while and i just kind of thought it'd be best to say something if i was going to be that neurotic about ... while i can't speak for others , personally i feel like it's more ' me ' that i express and it just happens to correlate with a more traditional role i suppose . i wouldn't really think of it as being on ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i18qg9Y0QJM '