' my experience with an isfp lover was that the ni-dom / se-inf in me + se-aux / ni-tert in her made for some amazing underneath communication and extraordinarily sensual / physical / sexual connection with ... on reflection - for myself , i've found it clearer to think about it terms of literal versus associational thinking / interaction ( rather than direct / indirect ) . noelle re : random note - computer security issues make it difficult for me to log onto this site , so i'm only here every so often when i have access to a different machine . wish it weren't so ! i wish i had more time to speak to this , and i don't know when i'll be able to log back into the site again for a while . i have a lot to say on this topic and would enjoy the opportunity to reflect ... ^ ^ truth ! ( for me also ) i seldom have the chance to log into the site anymore , but this little bit of insight made the visit worth it all by itself . in my case , this only happens in specific circumstances ( not generally when being social ) and in my case when this happens , it's usually what i call ni perception served by se information - ... for me , very clearly intj but with a caveat : as long as we're speaking more from / about our inner perception rather than from or through our aux functions . the only useful thing about sociononics for me is its focus on fe as a way to affect my environment rather than how i have experienced fe , which is a sometimes harmful over-valuing of external ... well , the chance after chance thing also has a downside . at minimum , it can drain energy in some cases . there have been plenty of times i knew in my gut what i should do pretty early on , but held off ... this is true for me as well . and : piscean princess , i finally got to log onto the site and read this thread - and the above meshes so closely with our discussions , it's eerie . especially that ... fuck you . you are a repressed little panda . i'm sick and tired of having to hold myself back because whenever i'm around you , because you can't handle the starkness of the prodigious flow of natural ... okay , will take your word for this ( see below ) so you think brown is himself ni dom ? i think there would be a real difference in feel if he was writing from his own perspective versus writing ... oh , there you go bringing class into it again . honestly , i thought we were an autonomous collective . i haven't read any dan brown stuff and don't plan to , so don't have a perspective on the main question you're asking ... but i was struck by this part of what you wrote : being romanticized can ... her internal fi values act as a filter . i don't know about static / straightforward . i wonder if the op or any discussion in this thread about fi-dom versus fe-aux will be useful in illustrating what i ... my basic sleep minimum for good health is around 10 hours . is it a vice ? i don't know . i have thought of it as a handicap . but i'm watching the recent news items about how sleep cleans the ... i lack a sense of direction as well . it's either se-inf , and / or the fact that my people wandered for 40 years in the desert ( presumably because they were lost and couldn't figure out wtf ) and / or ... i don't think it's generic nf though . my infp doesn't have this problem at all . she's fi-dom and that is a whole different approach to the world . fi-dom / te-inf argument mode ... try having one of those experiences in person ! ( or ... don't . it's not fun ) saw the thread title , thought , unfortunately , fi then came in to see that in others ' answers . i say unfortunately because my mate is fi-dom . and if i dig deeper , the truth is fi bothers me but ... don't tell my fiancee ! my results were pretty extreme so : 45 sp : 39 sx : 3 whatever that means . i don't know if this is the same , but i was thinking last night about how i persistently feel like i'm an imposter when i'm doing paid work requiring a lot of fe ( or fe-ti ) . those functions aren't ... i think pus is worse than blood . but that's just me . even when i'm really unsettled / riled from other experiences , being in the room when my beloved does reiki ( the real deal ) on the bird feels immediately and strongly good good good - in my body , in my ... i can't help but picture that scene from run fat boy run where the friend pops the huge boil for simon pegg's character . i remember when i left for college ( decades ago ) , there seemed to be so much more legitimacy for me being away from and missing my significant other than there was for the heartbreak of being away ... oh hell no . i'm vegan se-inf and blood / tissue smells like meat in the worst possible way that such a thing is possible . so ... i guess by this standard , the farting is a never thing for my ... i despise my fe-aux right now . just fucking disgusted with it . i suspect it's been this way all along , but now with this process of ni-se return , i can really gut-level perceive - almost in real time ... this is why i like reckful's suggestion ( quoted in my previous comment ) , if you can manage it . i am aware that it's a very ni approach in a lot of ways , though . i don't know if it's an infj ... ^ ^ this ! this ! i like this ! ( but i wonder , is this just a couple of ni doms wanting a ne-dom to take a more ni approach ) . i think this is a truly wonderful idea ! would you still need to hire movers if you were just going to another unit in the same complex ? if so , i wonder if the apartment complex itself ( management ... tangent , but : this exchange is freaking adorable and so very true to life for me . it reminds me of clashes between me and my ne-aux . i also think this came up in a conversation with me and ballast ... i actually think i get this . it reminds me to some extent of how my infp mate approaches things . imo the main reason i understand what you're saying here ( assuming i do ) is my learning about ne and ... random thought : keep in mind that ne and ni process possibilities very differently . ni takes articulated possibilities much more seriously than does ne . i've seen this in dialogue with my ne-aux mate ... hmmm . i don't know how he experiences this communication . i can say that in a very very different context , i've been messed with by the aggressive push from my fi-dom mate simply standing in her fi ... if this possible relationship is stressing you out this much before it even becomes a relationship , i strongly question whether it would be a good relationship for you to be in at all . just ... my suggestion : instead of approaching this as arguing a case , i suggest you consider it a matter of mutual communication and respect . there seems to be a need for the two of you to discuss what ... just as a contrasting data point : in my case , any irritation i have has nothing to do with my label and everything to do with my gut-level feel of the energy that comes alone with the special ... and i've since posted in other places on perc ( more in comments than in started threads if i recall ) that i really don't believe that this experience is specific to infjs . for example , both my infp ... intjs , i nearly always learn at deep levels when i'm in dialogue with you . ooooh , it's a perc trope now ? a real trope ? wow ! i remember when it all began . i was a regular bago fan * . but it was over when she had the plan . to start writing gobs and gobs of spam . now the only ... hmmm ... i don't see being moved when you encounter emotionally charged stories , relating to the characters and feeling that you feel what they feel as necessarily infj-specific . why do you link that ... no worries . i should warn you that my energy is going to be limited for this discussion because of my fe-ti exhaustion tendencies these days ( interactions requiring a lot of fe and ti tend to drain ... yeah , i was being pretty flip in my response . i don't see it as homophobia , i see it as aspects of my community that irritate the hell out of me . i assumed you were coming from a similar space . was i ... yeah , meetups can be good and book club meetups are my favorite kind . and there are all sorts of flavors of book club meetups . i've gravitated to lesbian / lgbt book clubs - not saying you should do ... hmmm . this makes me wonder , is it homophobia when my infp and i make fun of michfest and greatly enjoy lisa koch's i won't survive ( the festival ) ? i would be quite petrified to find myself there ... i don't know if this will help , but - my experience in interaction with an enfj showed me what i think are some differences between ni in service to fe with inferior ti ( enfj ) and fe as an aux ... i agree . no need to slam fi like that . my infp doesn't talk about herself all the time . my observation with her is that fi positions the self as a cognitive reference point in certain ways . i ... i have that response quite often when i see comments from that particular individual . for me it's like - i don't get it , this is the sloppiest , most bizarrely jumbled and incoherent thinking i have ... '