' you said nearest book , right ? make love , not war . i had to excise my infj ex-best friend from my life about four months ago for similar reasons . it sucked for a little while , but ultimately , i'm so much happier for it . like me , you also deserve to ... that was astoundingly accurate . coincidentally , bjork is an infp . i grew up in a very conservative christian household . my family and i worshipped baptist churches every weekend , although we did not commit to a congregation until i was in ninth grade . i also ... you need better friends . and the ending to this movie was just ... perfect . this film is so , so , so good . last year , i had a nasty falling out with one of my ( ex - ) best friends . i was actually the one who initiated it . it sucked . i was actually so devastated that i couldn't cry ; i could only tremble . i ... i find this statement rather offensive . if normal is synonymous with heterosexual , does that make anything but heterosexuality abnormal ? such a binary approach is too limited . there are various ... 6 . i can definitely relate to the story about the sensitive boy , never forgetting a moment of your past , and seeking an escape from suffering . musically , however , the song is just so-so . i like the ... jekyll and hyde , les miserables , matilda , spring awakening , ragtimeu 200b , the list goes on . for whatever reason , all i can think about while reading this thread is wrecking ball . 83 . i feel like this is more of an s-versus-n test , though . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i would encourage your child to report what he is experiencing to the authorities . the number for the domestic violence hotline is (800) 799-7233 . child protective services will not ignore your son's ... i'm 21 . two years ago , a stranger asked me if i went to her son's middle school . i rest my case . infps aren't sexually aggressive because we don't like objectifying people . we're also not the type to express our desires , especially if they conflict with yours . based on those two observations , ... yes , i would have been quite offended . my sex life - or lack thereof - is my business . it is irrelevant to my masculinity , my social success , and , most importantly , who i am as a person . your ... i'd definitely cut down on the ellipses and change some names . fred is fine , but spacestrong is too much . world decisions towers and glazed duck restaurant are also dreadfully cheesy . ... never dated or married an sp but have dealt with a few esfps and an istp . the esfps are nice people . a little extroverted and chatty for my taste , but fine people . the istp , on the other hand - ... my life is not a sad story . - charlie , perks of being a wallflower 1 . i am exceptionally intelligent . i mean , who else uses tutelage and zeitgeist in their writing assignments ? 2 . i'm quite charismatic . 3 . i'm exceptionally nice . 4 . i'm also a great singer ... hmm , this is a toughie . you purchased the house , so it is technically your own ; however , for the sake of your family ties , i urge you to be respectful . maybe grandma has good taste ! if not , then you ... i've become really good at hiding it . mother , isfj . father , estj . hmm ... perks of being a wallflower ( the book and the movie ) charlotte's web ( good grief , i bawled after that one in fourth grade ) les miserables ( like , duh , doesn't everyone cry in this ... i'm a vocalist , so i don't smoke anything . i'm also on scholarship at university , so enjoying illegal substances isn't the smartest idea . i am so awkward on the phone . #infpproblems psychologist number 5 recently suggested i might have asperger's syndrome . i've done some research on the condition , and some of the symptoms do seem to fit me ( though it's supposedly an intp ... my reaction will just spring forward spontaneously . i'll gleefully say , thank you ! or you've made my day ! if i'm speaking to a friend , then there will likely be hugs and i love you or i'm glad ... i would share everything that is worth knowing . my best friends pretty much know me inside out . i like it that way . yes , as i said earlier , the lying behavior is astoundingly unusual for an infp . how could he sleep at night without a nagging conscience ? most of us would be tormented by the thought of putting up ... aw , stop it , you . lips , you and toxicatedrose are quite right - we infps are not exactly quick to say how we feel about anything . it's often very difficult for us to just say how we feel ... greetings from the infp empire . i have many high-quality friendships with infjs . i care for them deeply , and the feeling is reciprocated . nonetheless , i've read many complaints about the infp-infj ... i used to retreat to an imaginarium where i'd care and be cared for by all the inanimate objects in my life . i imagine them as benevolent to a degree i don't see in humans . as much as i like the exhilaration , i think i do need the woman who will give me rest . yes , peter knew . peter also knew about sam's mental state ; he knew everything . not exactly . i have a lot of friends who are sexually active and am not bothered by that . and did you read the ... thank you much . the situation is so fucked up i can't even describe it . peter called sam right before he had sex to ask how to use a condom . let me repeat that sam struggles with depression and ... i don't harbor anger for extended periods of time . there are too many other stimuli craving my attention . i suppose , in some regards , i forget and do not forgive . there has been a recent incident ... this is spot-on for me . my secondary schools placed a huge emphasis on debate , and , with a lot of ne and a lot less te , i would make speculations that could be readily be destroyed . even outside ... c & p'ed this from the infp vent thread . i honestly just need to get this off my chest . just respond in any way you feel appropriate . pain from a stab in the back . i regret to inform you that this is a true story . everything hurts right now . i post frequently about my two best friends from university , an infj ( peter ) and an intj ( sam ) . to say these ... functions aren't dichotomic , my friend . for example , introverted feeling ( fi ) seeks virtue , justice , and internal harmony , whereas fe seeks affection , expression , and external harmony . these two ... you must know that there is nothing higher and stronger and more wholesome and good for life in the future than some good memory , especially a memory of childhood , of home . people talk to you a ... the bookstore will lead me to bankruptcy . #infpproblems this misogynist homophobe at work is driving me nuts . #infpproblems absolutely ! i think a purebred infp ( fi-ne-si-te-fe-ni-se-ti ) is a very , very rare creature . my functional stack is fi-fe-ni-ne-si-ti-te-se , which essentially makes me an infp / enfj / infj mutt . all of ... since we have an infp problems thread , let's start a more optimistic infp solutions thread ! remember , complete each answer with #infpsolutions . when your friend says you're one of the most ... who else feels really appreciated at work ? anyone want a free barnes and noble gift card ? i'll never use it ! how to exploit charities 101 be a man - why america is full of wussies and gay people ... yes ! infps love random acts of kindness . destroy life i also adore my intj friend ; you remind me of him . in fact , your username even sounds like something he'd choose ! as infps , we're ... '