' i think infps make the best gifts to their friends , because we as infp tend to be thoughtful and idealistic in what we do . so , my infp fellows , what is the best gift ( s ) you have ever gave . feel ... it is said of infps , that we usually dream of a better world , but what have you done so far to make it happen ? nope . not true . the guy who has become my team lead only got that job because i declined . he himself admitted that i'm better than him . the only thing he is better than me is because he is a people's ... england resp . the uk is not in the eu anymore . lol yeah , i know . but at least you have a rough image of it's people and culture . europe is bar large european dominated - by looks as well as culture . it is not as a melting pot as australia is . i don't like them . if anything i only play mario karts and civilization . lol the mere fact that there are a-holes , don't puzzle me neither . it's the fact that these people have power in areas where you have to take care of others and not yourself . i don't back out of plans . i usually tend to stick to it to the very end . but deciding on what plan , is like really hard . i would usually consider all possible outcome before i can make a choice . why did you choose it and what does it mean ? for european women i may get a sense what you mean . but for australien women ? australia is a country of immigration . people from over the place and backgrounds are there . thus the notion of an ... according to him , yes . was it really necessary ? was this an veiled insult ? mind you , being sexy and being attractive is not always the same thing . i find most puzzling is that people who are obviously malicious , stupid , ill-intended , have toxic personality , often get promoted or are respected . while soft hearted people who could benefit the ... in my 20s i used to like types like heidi klum https://www.meaus.com/117-heidi-klum-1.JPEG but looking back at her pictures they aren't as appealing as they used to be for me . nowadays i ... i know keyboard stickers are easily to find on the internet : https://keyshorts.com/collections/laptop-keyboard-decals?page=2 but they either all have letters on them or they are blanko keyboard ... according to the flowchart , i'm secular humanitarian https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/1a/d2/90/1ad290007c49697cdd66fec78fbdd798.jpg i asked myself that question when i created this post here : http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/1107234-infps-please-describe-your-dream-girl-guy.html#post37081666 in that post , i ... you can do so by descrcribing his / her personality with words or post pictures of him / her . looking in the eyes of other people . what a common misconceptions people have about you ( as an infp ) i'm in my 30s now . and not before 30 , i didn't had sex . though there were a few girls who were interested in me and openly said so , i never had a real gf or sex till 30 . after i hit 30 i had sex with ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/94/73/6c/94736c71a7ee326a030c09cccd361549.jpg if you do , why ? i'd be interested in your reasoning . i'm ( probably ) an infp . and i simply love and pride myself in the core aspects of an infp . for nearly two years now i'm working as a software developer . probably due to the way of work and the way ... that's the point . nice guys aren't nice . they are actually pretty mean ... or better miserable beings . that's where my confusion comes from . i think , even if infp guys aren't necessarily nice ... very good description of the mechanism behind the nice guy syndrome . i just realized i misunderstood the question . the question was in what way am i not stereotypical infp . but instead the points above describes what makes me stereotypical infp . shame on me . - . - there is a study about this that i've seen by the times i think . if you are referring to the same study , then i have to say that this study doesn't make much sense and i doubt it's credibility and ... i think someone else mentioned it before : you have to differentiate between intent and action . if you look at the action only , then i do think lots of infp appear to be nice guys . if you stop being ... most of the content of your post make sense to me . except this here > the nice guy is actually an a-hole . contrary to the genuine nice guy , the nice in the nice guy actually mean the ... i - am ideaistic - daydream without intention - don't care about what is trendy or not . i like what i like - usually side with the underdogs , the less fortunate , people in need - can't work in ... so , basically you are similar to what i have described : if someone misinterprets your kindness , then you'll change your behaviour towards them , i . e . you won't be nice to them next time . this could ... no idea what you mean with nut her . but if you mean sex , then yes , that too . but it includes more : find a girl / woman for a relationship ( and sex is a part of it , yes ) . hmm ... that may be true . but here is the crux : what i certainly don't like is when someone misinterprets my niceness with being weak . i don't expect others to return my favour , and i don't even ... i'm scared now ... it's actually a sport term but then coined to social inapt guys who have difficulties getting a gf or sex . yeah , that's what i mean . if the moral code of an infp is that people have to return his favour , then he can get really ugly . this is when that infp guy fits the nice guy , creepy image . yeah , i see your point . and i did point out that not all infp guys are like that . but i do think ( and i could be wrong ; that's why i started the discussion ) that infps ( and maybe other feeling types ) ... hmm ... sorry , if i didn't make myself understood then . if the defintion changed , then it wasn't deliberately changed . from my pov it's still the same . but please feel free to point out where i was ... but please only females . and only the young ones . he can listen and care , gently and respectfully only so much . that's the kind of creepiness i'm talking about : his nice behaviour and forthcoming is just ... creepy . http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/911682-seeking-penpals.html how does this contradict to what i said in the op ? ... sensitive , helping others ... ---> and then see themselves betrayed ( she makes fun of him or mistaken him as weak ; maybe favour not ... somethng lke this yeah . infps are sensitive . they do lots of stuff for others . we have our own moral values . the combination makes infp guys prone to be nice guys imo . most of them are considered creepy by lots of women with nice guys i mean : - those that finish last with women and / or - whine about their lack of success with women not the world but me resp . the way i think : sometimes my infp type is so annoying . you want to make the best decision and want to consider all sites and do all parties justice . but sometimes goal is ... after watching this video series https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSctMnn2aWQ i think i'm an istj . :/ ... it's like my type changes the more i dive into the function . yeah , people should see beauty in the seemingly ugly imperfect world and they'll have peace in mind . '