' being famous and popular are two different things , but i understand your meaning , i think . i think it's possible to be popular by keeping things to yourself like in the instance of silent ... anxious about getting my first of the month workload sorted . foodporn is delicious ! this thread is hella entertaining . i think holding the door is okay as long as you do it equally for everyone . some men ( read : chauvinist pigs ) hold the door for only women so they can watch ... i disagree . popular - liked , admired , or enjoyed by many people or by a particular person or group of course there can be different definitions , but tucken is unclear at best . haha ! ... does rocky horror picture show count ? singing and dancing while you're choring is a non-negotiable . maintaining anonymity ? so , the only way to be popular is to do these things , but you can be popular by doing neither ? contradictory , but okay . i tend to gain popularity because i'm genuinely charming and fun to be ... because - social media ! ugh . i agree with taking a few shots or a short clip and then settling back into your show . we are experiencing so much of life secondarily because of this pics or it ... vegetarian lasagna ! proud of myself for recent accomplishments . ne's and se's ... makin ' the world go ' round ! :D how do we do this ? :) welcome ! if that's you in your avatar , you's a babe . <3 if it's not , you're probably still a babe . ;) welcome and thanks for the endangered species education ! welcome back ! i'm interested to know how different mental illnesses affect personality as well ! my husband is bipolar and an infp . they don't - destroy - those options . i mean , they don't cause issues with having a life at all , but yeah , the career is harder . plenty of people do it well , though . 530586 sin esperanza by frida khalo has always moved me . i have had disordered eating tendencies from early primary school and i discovered her in early high school . i identify so much with her ... unfortunately , you can place reality into fantasy and it becomes fantasy , but with no point of reference , this image appears quite realistic . i understand that on an art type-specific forum , you'd ... hi intp ! biotechnology - so impressive . welcome . welcome , infp ! looking forward to your participation ! thanks , doll . : wink : misterperfect - i agree that they are both totally hot . there's something about the mentally unstable that really turns me on . not sure what that says about me as a person . :D i might post ... misterperfect - actually , no , i don't read comics . i do , however , really enjoy characters and story arcs and reading in general . so , i have read a lot of the dc and marvel character's backstories . ... i had my first a year and a half ago at 25 . silentbutdeadly - that's quite the lineage ! had to look up the cane corso ! what a very powerful , intimidating dog ! three kids ! holy moly . i can't even imagine at this juncture . our little man ... silentbutdeadly - are you military now ? what kind of dog ? ours is a german shepherd / lab mix . love her . i considered shooting her while i was pregnant , though . fun fact , i don't own a gun ! :D you're right ! we all do the best with what we know . :) i figured it out ! * spin * i think the original file was corrupted , so i did a screenshot and edited to fit . perfection . silentbutdeadly - my father was in the military until i was 3 . after that he was employed with a company that allowed him to be promoted if he moved to different startups throughout the u . s . i've ... hi ! welcome ! your energy excites mine . let's party . welcome ! typing people you don't know is part of the fun ! welcome ! i have tried lucid dreaming with a bit of success . welcome intp ! i have three cats . nice to know you . i do this same thing with cooking ! sometimes it's incredible , though , so it's worth it . thanks for wasting your life with us ! welcome . new experiences are the shit ! welcome . dude , i read your cya as cover your ass . lol . guess who's worked in an office too long . welcome ! thanks for no longer lurking . my hubby is an infp ! you're in good company . :) there's nothing wrong with you ! perhaps the type of job you're going for isn't working out because they suck or it's just not the right fit . it ... uraniaisis - thanks ! i tried . jpg and . png uploaded from my computer as well as trying a url . i need my avatar ! * weeps * jimmy - thanks ! i think people who use too cool for school are also ... if you don't have super powers , we can't get along . nice to meet you ! i would disagree with this . some of the dolls , like echo and alpha , develop personalities . they can draw from all of their previous imprints , but ultimately , they have created a personality for ... with any luck , you'll be the first one that likes me . :P thank you ! hi everyone ! someone linked me to this site and i found it interesting , so i decided to join ! also , i need friends because everyone hates me . :D i am a bit put out because i can't get my ... '