' i am married to an istj . we get on really well . while we are both rather introverted , he is more socially adept than me--which is helpful . i am so thankful because he is really good with the finances ... yes , i relate to this a lot ! i go to counseling , and sometimes i'll think , man i talked way too much in there ! - - when of course , it's counseling ! i'm paying the guy to sit and talk about my personal ... i loved this movie ! it really had a great message that you need to be able to express your feelings . it's ok to feel sad , angry ... i think so often it is easy to judge the emotions we're having ... some of my favorite people to hang out with are enfp's so i'm a little lost about what you're asking ... i love academic topics ! and i couldn't care less if someone doesn't align to a group's agenda ... i am terrible at decisions . i also don't really do structure in my life . there is definitely a flow and rhythm to my every day activities--like i'm not completely random and spontaneous--but if i try ... i really relate to this . i also hate to wait around while learning to do something . i just want to do it and learn as i go . i'm a very hands-on learner , but also love to read--like crazy . i have an ... you sound a lot like me :) i think sometimes , introversion and fi can really come off like n , so it can be confusing for some people . and if you are a 9w1 , they can seem dreamy and kind of ... my best and also favorite : literature , art , music , mythology , psychology , geography , biology , geology , language ( i did spanish and german ) my worst : math of all kinds :/ , chemistry , astronomy ( too ... i get it , as i thought i was an nf type for a long time , even coming out infj on the official mbti . i think with some isfp's , at least with me , i feel kind of daydreamy and ethereal but at the same ... i was crazy into my diary as a teen--it was a place to let out my teen angst ... i have a little notebook now that i will occasionally write my ideas and thoughts in , but that occurs only once in a ... wow , this is such a complicated question for me ... i grew up in a conservative evangelical environment--my family , schooling ... all conservative evangelical . thankfully , my parents weren't very strict ... how do you view and handle theory ? if it is something i'm interested in , then i handle it well . if something gets too mathematical or technical , then i'm sunk . how does your fi work in contrast ... i love miyazaki / ghibli films , lord of the rings , princess bride , star wars , period dramas ( pride & prejudice , jane eyre etc ) , harry potter , disney / pixar films , prince of egypt ... there are probably ... i'm not sure if i act like another type , but if i get really stressed--and i mean , like pushed to the edge of my patience ( usually by my 3 yr old daughter ) , i get really te-ish ( ? ) in a bad way . like , ... i'm lazy ... but then i'm not . it depends on whether it's something i want to do or not in that moment . :D just to add , in case this is helpful ... i find i'm more minimalistic in some areas than others . for example , in the kitchen , i like everything super pared-down and stream-lined . don't like a lot of ... i was very attracted to minimalism in college . i never went full on minimalist , but lived simply . it made me too preoccupied with my possessions though--it was never less enough . married with a ... my motivation to engage : being a mom and staying strong for my family and investing in those relationships , sharing / performing music , working with animals / being outside not sure what evaluate info ... i am a 9w1 . 946 is my tritype . subtype is sx / so , i relate a lot to what you said , right down to loving lab way more than the lecture part ... though i was not a bio major . of the group i would always end up being the one to cut up ... i also thought i was an infp or infj ( which is what i got on the official mbti--with a super close s / n score ) ... but something just felt off especially after i did a little more reading . n started ... ferroequinologist funny , just yesterday i was just thinking about the song imagine and how much i dislike it ! i don't know what it is , but the whole thing kinda creeps me out ... the tune , the ... i am definitely more of an informing communicator . like , it's really bad ... lol ! anyway , i am sure there would be isfp's who would relate more to the directing style . i could see it being a nurture ... i used to equate my quiet artsiness as n , and thus was pretty sure i was an intuitive . plus , i can appear dreamy and i am interested in deep , abstract topics to a point , as long as there is a ... i usually come out as an infj on the test--both online and official mbti . i also thought i was an infp and an isfj . isfp feels the most right after thinking about it more . people who know me well irl ... thanks for your responses , mikhail and angelcat . that passage on fe and fi was really informative ! going by this description , i'm fi . i have always felt , even when i was quite young that i'm way ... oh yes , i see what you're saying . i am definitely the behind the scenes style of communicator , which is isfj too , i think . i think infj is chart the course , which is not me at all ! fi always ... i don't mind your questions ! they help me clarify some things , too . i guess an example of what i mean by bad at improvising is in music or when speaking in front of someone . i have to have a plan , ... just something to add ... i think the main reason i question my type is because while i'm usually go-with-the-flow and laid back , i like to have a plan and know what is coming . i'm never very late to ... just something i've been wondering ... is it possible for an infp to be a little out of practice with their ne and feel more comfortable going to si ? or , just develop their si more , to the point of ... scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... ok , coming back after a long break from mbti ... still having trouble pinpointing what i am ! took the mbti official with a practitioner and came out infj . was almost 50/50 in my n and s score . i ... i know this thread is kind of quiet right now , but i just found it and it was interesting ! i agree about the myths of tradition . from sj descriptions traditional comes to mean conservative , or ... hi , i'm not 100 % sure of my type yet , but i'm leaning toward isfj . i got infp on the online test when i was in high school , but once i entered college a few years later , i always got isfj and ... infps are often described as having a cause that they devote their life to . i've never really seen this in myself . i have always been passionate about things and tend to be holistic in my view of ... i enjoy the way i am for the most part , but there have been struggles . mainly , my sensitivity and shyness and feeling overlooked or ignored . people not understanding my feelings on things . being hard ... i've often been called an old soul , but also innocent and childlike . infps are ageless . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=654tlKKI_Ys love her . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM1wEyQBFLA so haunting and like being on some wild mountainside . and i love native american instruments <3 ... i do wear make up for my everyday look . i used to wear none at all , but i've grown to like it better once i learned how to apply it in a way that works for me . i like a doe-eyed , soft , fresh kind of ... the very first time i even heard of personality types , i tested as an infp in high school . revisiting it in college , i often got isfj , isfp , or infj . i often questioned my type--and i often ... oh i love this movie ( and other ghibli films too ! ) ! <3 i love all animals , but i do love cats more . i used to be more dog crazy , but the older i get , the more work they seem to be , and i don't really have the means to care for one . they need proper ... i've been going back and forth between isfp and infp , and this is what finally nailed it for me ! it's almost like i'm in constant information-gathering mode . going back and forth , trying to find ... my philosophy is the job i have * has * to allow freedom for me to do other things that i want to do . not really into a career , never have been . i knew when i entered college that if i ever had a ... i've wondered this too . test questions often ask , do you like abstract or concrete information ? without giving examples . i mean , what is abstract information vs concrete information ? and how do you ... the feeling of being in harmony with the earth . the feeling of warmth and closeness with my family . haha , yeah it's gone way off topic lol ! wow , that is the best description i've read of infp . i love the phases of life that they describe . i definitely feel like i'm in the phase ii--it's kind of ... , i am a lot like your wife in the scenario you gave . i don't know , my intuitive global thinking is so close with my sensing thinking more of the particulars . i did just come back ... thanks for responding to my question ! i don't know , i think i would only really do this if i'm stressed or nervous . i'm not sure about ne--i don't really know what it looks like . so is it seeing ... wow what you described does sounds like me ! ok now i'm questioning again lol but that's ok ! i have a hard time doing something like that unless i have done it many times . i have got to be comfortable ... '