' i think people are generally hypocrites , so i do agree with that . but i wonder if this double-standard is more common in fi types ? i've noticed similar behavior in my enfp sister , and enfps are also ... i think more smaller conversations is a great idea ! :) and as you said , will hopefully be less scary for him , too . big conversations i know are draining for me . breaking them up will be better for ... i wasn't sure where to post my response . ^ ^ ; ; ; so i thought i'll put it here since i'm technically responding to this post . it really does sound like you both want this . as you mentioned in your ... i wouldn't encourage playing games or testing him . it's just not nice . : no one likes to be played with . again , it would be best if you two talked about this rather than making any assumptions . the ... first of all , i'm so excited that you have some great outings planned ! :) it sounds like you're in a much better place and that you're really living your life . don't let him make you feel guilty ... she probably wanted to join , but got wrapped up in something , and by the time she realized she should be moving , everyone was already gathered and it was too late . timing is everything in these ... her not coming to hang out with everyone after everyone else had arrived is not surprising . as i said before , for a socially anxious person to come into a room with a group of people already there is ... kind of like what metamd said , some people still have preferences for there being a distinction between the man's role and the woman's role . now saying that is going to bring to mind all of the 1950s ... aww , i feel like this is great progress . :) it sounds like she's becoming comfortable enough to open up to you . it'll be much easier for her to express herself over text than in person , at least at ... sorry , not an isfp , but i thought i could help shed some light on this . :) i had some serious social anxiety and shyness issues when i was younger , and i can see a lot of my younger self's ... since you've just moved to a new area , you get to start your life totally from scratch . this is both a great opportunity and a challenging opportunity . since you're new , maybe you can spend some time ... how interesting ! i've never been to asia , but i've felt like the places i have lived ( the us and now the uk ) , no one seems to even notice when someone has nice manners or carries themselves well ... i didn't know anyone felt this way about proper ladies anymore . :D i'm so happy to get to be able to help ! ^ ^ thanks for letting me know how things are going ! i always eagerly await the next installment of your story . :) okay , mid-range i isn't so bad . it ... this is interesting . so would you say that he's very introverted , more introverted than you ? so the reason you're hard to read is not necessarily because of the degree of introversion , but because ... lol you should know google tracks what you search xd this may set off a few red flags . it does sound like getting him to come to your place or meeting outside of either of your houses is probably the ... wow , this sounds great ! you're seriously making me jealous with how this is going and what a sweet guy you've found ! it is good that he gave you some feedback about being hard to read . i think for ... intps make quick judgements , but don't necessarily jump to conclusions quickly . the intp i know quickly makes a judgement on new information , but he doesn't necessarily reach a conclusion . lol i can relate to wanting things planned well in advance , but it's so sweet that he's being so thoughtful about planning this ! and he seems to be staying surprisingly flexible . i think it's good ... just wanted to give some extra feedback on this :) i would probably ask , too , more out of curiosity than anything . i would want to be sure i understand why the other person is asking me before i ... i'm talking about function stacks . introverted types are confusing , because their first function will be the opposite type of function in regard to p or j in their four letter code . extroverted types ... this is fantastic ! i think this was a very wise thing to do . it shows him that you're willing to be open and honest with him , and that's essential for a relationship to work . that he apologized was a ... pureintj i meant to add this in my last post and forgot . this is a little off topic , but have you heard of the app called bumble ? it's relatively new . you said you were new in town and didn't have ... he sounds quite sweet ! using emojis correctly is not something i've ever thought about , but i can see how it would have a serious impact when just starting to date someone--when everything gets ... pureintj wow , it looks like a lot has happened since i last posted ! my mom is an isfj , and she definitely needs alone time to recharge after socializing and after any intense emotional situations ... thanks for including me in your update ! :) i feel rather touched that you thought enough about what i said to include it in your newest plan of action . i'm sorry to hear you feel like things ... yes , i think being introverted makes it much more difficult . i have to say , though , it seems to be at least in american culture that partners are generally prioritized . everyone has hopes of being in ... i really like how you've phrased this . and i totally agree with what you've said about prioritizing partners . infjs , who typically struggle to find someone who is accepting of them as they are , i ... it's very hard for infjs i think , because people are just so unfamiliar with how we process things . even the most empathetic / sympathetic people struggle to see where we're coming from . it's just too ... wow , i can relate to this so much ! all of it . but i have to wonder , even if we don't wear our hearts on our sleeves or aren't so vocal about our opinions that we are inconsiderate of others , does ... something that i discovered while working really hard to figure out my enneagram was that it's important when you're trying to figure out your core type to basically type your pre - 25 - year-old self . i ... i agree that infjs are likely to be the least authentic , as they typically function in a way that if often very strange to other types , mostly because the type is not so common . early on , infjs ... i think i'm 459 . i relate to a lot of the descriptions of the contemplative archetype from the link that was posted . even though there are 741 million infj's on earth , out of several billion people , it's still quite a small number . so i guess it depends on what your definition of different is . unusual ? yes , because ... i'm also 5w4 , but i don't advertise my being strange . might be because i have 3w4 in my tritype ( no 2 in there at all ) , but i really don't like sticking out . it seems like it's something i can't ... this is actually a really interesting connection that i never thought about . a well developed infj is able to operate as an estp ? that describes the transformation really well , though . i feel like i can identify with your experience . i can't really explain how or why i developed my se , i just reached a point in my early 20s when i thought , there is so much beauty around me . i want ... i think mbti and enneagram together create a fuller picture of an individual's personality , but enneagram seems to get treated too broadly ? thinking about numbers , most websites only describe the 9 ... ah ! that's fair enough . i felt like as soon as i started reading about it , it was so interesting i couldn't stop myself . now i know more than i wish i did , because i've spent so much time on it , i ... i think the only reason i started studying functions was to confirm my type , because i had read so much about the pitfalls of tests and the difficulty in determining s / n and p / j . i think it's ... i think this is a good way of thinking about it ! improvement rather than complete change . i don't know how much people can change , but the only pitfall of mbti that i've found is quite common ( not ... as aurly said , he's going to need his alone time . don't interpret it as rejection , but like most introverts , he will need time alone to recharge after lengthy interactions , especially if they're very ... sorry , i just had to respond to this , hope you don't mind ! as someone who has gone through depression , i thought i could provide some insight that will be helpful to you . don't take your friend's ... i feel like i can relate to this a lot . i went through a phase where i always expressed things as they were , and people really don't like that , especially girls . sometimes , i still find myself doing ... not an intj , but i hope you won't mind if i contribute my two cents . i totally agree with luck that you shouldn't compromise who you are to attract someone , because honestly , who you really are will ... # 1 : i would probably straighten my clothes and compose myself , and then i would try to walk away . to be totally honest , i'm not entirely sure what i would do if he came after me , though . depends on ... i second this motion . i've never been much of a fiction reader , though i've drawn and painted all my life . even so , i've always been very drawn to sciences and am now in chemistry . i read a lot , but ... i'm not an intj , but i can relate to some of what you're saying . when i was in high school , i was borderline ocd . as soon as i recognized that i was falling into this behavior and giving into ... it's so interesting how circumstances can make two people form an unlikely relationship that ends up blossoming . :) i've noticed this , too ! i also make an effort to listen to upbeat music to prevent bad influences to my mood . especially when i'm stressed , sad music is really not helpful and seems to have a greater ... '