' a good and useful point . i have a system that i've worked out for myself , but i sincerely question how much value it may offer to someone else . the idea of it is that you simply have to find the way that you process , or ... indeed . look for patterns and broader level connections and configurations . i can tell you the least likely ... intj . we're the most likely to lay out a scenario convincing one of the other types about why they need to do it , why it's the best plan , and then to give them the ... you're right to look into all of these roles pull together . i don't know everything about it by a long stretch , but i do keep my eyes open . regarding how the project worked out , it was a bit of a ... the knowledge seat is the one that is most prone to manipulation or to charlatans ( people who claim to have a skill / knowledge set but dont ) . and everyone wants to be a broker--one of the people who ... i never suggested a necessary contingent of if read a lot = = > then = = > wise . only a correlation , but i did state it in if / then logic it could be stated as : if wise = = > then = = > reads a lot . logically , ... not sure what i can offer , but if i can be of use don't hesitate to reach out . be careful with books like rich dad , poor dad . it's not bad stuff . much of it is common investing sense ( use cashflow to buy luxury items ) . but there is an inherent message and theme in those works ... you do both at the same time . use your chiro work to develop your reputation , and over time , to give you enough extra income that you're not working 90 hour weeks ( common in my business and with a ... intj ... there will be too much to type here so i'll try to keep it brief . 1 . keep this simple forumla in mind . price-cost =P rofit . it's fundamental equation of business . anything that allows you to ... trouble with reading is a really common issue for intjs . many come up with ways to overcome it , but few i've really met with thought they had found ways to optimize how they think with reading . they ... i have yet to ever meet a person who was wise who didn't read a lot . but in practice , infjs interact with the world in very different ways from intjs . indeed . yet i spoke only of the end ... ah , the romance of precision ! honey , do you love me ? why my dear , of all the alternatives i sampled , i preferred you the most ! honey , am i your ... i don't see this ending well , for you . there once was a man named lawrence , who didn't like limerence or divulgence . his girl was besotted but his brain was clotted so he answered i love you ... excellent point . though close by letter description , intp and infj are both worlds apart in many ways from intj . at least in my anecdotal experience . no better or worse or any hogwash like that ... no defense of this girl , but it's not hard to understand shy extroversion vs expressive introversion . especially if you look at with more jungian eyes . the irresponsibly oversimplified answer is ... lawrence =/ = limerence . got it . i'd recommend further research into general human behavior , intj and mbti , and the acting business before commenting further . truly not trying to be an ass , but you're just dead wrong on your comment . wow . and in one swoop you prove that you lack understanding both of human intjs and the acting business . absolute puffery . and quackery in terms of your seudo-psychological rigor . 1 . if you're so good at typing intjs , then why do you hold beliefs about intjs that have no foundation in mbti--the ... as politely and simply as i can say this : you have no idea what you're talking about . i wish i could dance like carlton . i would have used that shit for the purposes of sarcasm so many times . the danger is using stereotypes to host a witch hunt . it's very hard to sort through their coping mechanisms vs their base personality vs their survival behaviors . they may come into the forum ... never heard the words before , but i love it . i didn't take it so much as a statement of lack of capability , but more one of optimization of the existing system . hell no . i work on a lot of political strategy at the local , state , and national level . i've been approached to run for different offices at different levels . i have zero interest in being the guy in ... others will know more about the specific functions than i do . but i did want to add that , anecdotally , in my experience infjs and intjs are very different in all practicality . danny ocean from ocean's eleven . george smiley and control from tinker , tailor , soldier , spy . , now you're into the world i love and that both fascinates me and drives me--relative competitive superiority . and i love the picture you are painting . i would by analyzing each of ... really interesting story . and i'm a sucker for case studies . the chiro angle is an interesting one for multiple reasons , but i have seen that trend of become an extrovert ! just buy my seminar ! ... i don't disagree with you about the missed opportunity part , and i agree . i feel like i could have given that talk , or even prepared it for someone to give , i could have done better with it .  ... i'll answer both you and in the same bit . 1 . i do a lot of research so information for me isn't characterized by boring or exciting . more like useful or not useful . few things ... there's one more thing i forgot to mention . there is an effect that i don't recall the name of , but you may want to poke around for it online . there have been a few studies and a book or two about ... mel , i'm not sure i have much to add other than to maybe suggest you think about it in terms of the neuroscience . not too deep either . just a shallow look may have some insight . feelings of ... it's interesting . in his usc speech ( linked above ) he talks about something that he hasn't addressed much before . he talks about how he had to learn not to threaten people above him even though he ... a ted talk on the power and social value of introversion . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4&feature=youtube_gdata_player this thread is great . i don't even know who's being sarcastic anymore . we need hazmat in here , stat , to get this cleaned up before an s comes in here and gets hurt . we use sarcasm ? you taught yourself fonts ? awesome . i couldn't care less about any social status connected with labels . that's all hoolahoops and horsesh * * as far as i'm concerned . but language is important in our comprehension of a thing and so i ... i agree with the i hope so . classic munger . he's got that extremely dry and bloody-nose wit . that first video is kind of the same thing--he knows deeply what he things but refuses to say it all , ... feel free to agree , disagree , or provide additional examples of wisdom and the intj . i read a lot here from intjs that wonder how to structure their thoughts in ways that can benefit them--how ... certainly not the only reason , but one common reason has to do with the tests at the surface level . a lot of tests try to make s more about facts , reality , and evidence . very few intjs i know ... topic : genocide ( modern ) why : genocide is a very peculiar type of horror . it is as accidental as a symphony ; that is , it is orchestrated and engineered . and the intent is to remove a group of ... one amazing thing about intjs is that we can take on a new interest , and dive amazingly deep into it to the point of almost becoming an expert--and then move on . so i've done knowledge threads ... excellent points here . the thing i can most liken it to was that i used to play football ( american ) and rugby in college ( and bit after in the scummy minor leagues ) . i played fullback in ... more of a factual statement . we are this tiny delicate life form floating on a small outpost planet in a small outpost solar system in an unimportant universe that may be one among many . the ... a general rule of thumb , at least among the more assertive males of the types : 40103 '