' ya i guess i'm pretty similar , if i'm with a couple of friends then i open up really easily about almost everything . if i'm at a party i'll start dancing and grinding , and just being really friendly ... what are you like when your drunk ? i've heard people say that we turn into emotional pussys when we're drunk because we actually are very sensitive inside , but personally i'm nothing like that . what ... i guess i like it most of the time , but sometimes i fucking hate it . there are certain decisions that i think about way to much , expecially insignifigent things . i'll have the hardest time deciding ... ya i tend to not want to get into relationships at all , i've never been in a successful relationship , ever , but i'm still pretty young . i basicly stick to friends with benefits , or drunk make-out ... my grandma is an enfj and she seems to think i'm depressed or sad all the time . then she tries to be cute with me and baby talk , it doesnt go over very well . i suck at telling stories , i was talking to my brother about how when my dad ( estp ) tells storys he over exagurates his stories to the point of it being annoying , i asked him if my stories ever get ... i usually do best when i have someone to compete against , right now i'm trying to make this intj feel dumb . usually i dont give a fuck about subjects that dont interest me , so my marks wouldn't be ... in kindergarden all the kids would follow the teacher around and give her hugs , i just did my own thing and hung out with this kid called evan . when i was in middle school there was this thing called the athletic council , and had to hand in applications if u wanted to be a part of it so the teachers could secect you or whatever . so i didnt ... wow elvis 2010 that was alot of info , and i dont think i fully understood all of it , but ya i guess it does make sense that he in an n . thanks ! what is the one personality type that completly confuses you ? you cant understand their point of view , you have no idea when they're mad at you , or how you caused it . whether its in relationships , ... not in order nirvana mgmt tokyo police club arcade fire hollerado paper lions loom said the whale because artists tend to be sensors thats what i thought at first but he picks up on so many subtle details and i dont think intuitives are like that . ya i felt like they could have easily swaped me into his role ( if i were a guy of course ) , especially the part when he's in his room with the song on repeat . thats exactly what i do . they always have some awsome plan / idea that no one else would be willing to do ! and they go along with my equally weird ideas / plans what personality type do you think jane from the mentalist would be ? after annalizing his actions for a very long time i came to the conclusion that he might be an estp heres why - although he ... i usually dont hug people , mostly because they usually dont mean anything . however if i'm in the mood , and the person actually deserves it i'll great hugs . it seems us istps only show our soft side to animals ( myself included ) lol ! i dont think its her personality type , it could be part of it . but i actually really like entjs , it might also be that you have authority over her , and entjs like to be in charge . although clint eastwood porteys the istp quite well , thats mostly how we think , i guess . its a more exagurated form of the istp , or the stereotypical istp . if you were looking for an istp based on ... if its broken you can guarenty i'll try to fix it . what really pisses me off is when after about a minute of trying to fix it someone will come up and say oh dont worry about it i'll just get a new ... # 1 - if you want them to come around to your point of view you are going to have to give solid facts to change their minds , opinions dont weigh very much . #2-dont say anything along the ... when someone askes you a question you just give them blank stares until someones else answers , then nod . when i'm in the extroverted mood i think i can definatly come across as being flirty , although most people don't interperate it like that . or maybe they do and i just dont notice . i never thought that i gave off that vibe but i have been told that when i dont like someone , its very obvious . even when i really try to seem nice to them , people will point out that i seemed very ... hahaha p'ness ! ! ! records ! ! ! and maybe some concert festival tickets for the summer staying out late doing whatever i want , and thinking that i'm gonna get in shit when i come back , then come back and realize that no one noticed cuz that's just how awsome i am ! its the actual people , not the forum people . i know two infjs and they both act the same way - overly sensitive about the stupidist things that i dont even notice and they fail to tell me , they ... i'm an istp , and infjs annoy the shit out of me , and as i was complaining about it the other i realized that we probably annoy you guys just as much . i was curious to know what annoys you about us ? ... ... as i said from my experience , the js that i know are far more competative than the ps i know , mostly just for the sake of beating someone else . most of you stated that you are competaive with ... wow , you're such a judger ! i think border collies are also a lot like istps , completly loyal to their owners , untrusting and sometimes hostile to strangers , playful and friendly to their owners / family , and will defend them to ... i tend to be very competative :p roud : , which from my experience tends to be more of a j thing , andi was wondering if any other istps are like this or if it's just me . when people keep reminding me to do things , i would have done it ages ago if you just shut up and let me do it . it's like every time they remind me to do it i purposely put it off more just because i ... also remember that if you move to fast he'll probably lose interest , the worst thing to do is to not make a move because he shy'd away the first time you did . i tend to enjoy parties where there's only about 20 or so people ( whom i know fairly well ) , any more than that and i get uncomfortable and dont enjoy myself cuz im too self concious . if its a party ... ya that's me , mostly in school with subjects that i don't like though . i can be getting 90s in english and bio , but failing math all because i just can't concentrate . as most of you said , i'm a lot more extroverted with people that i'm close to , more so to friends than family . i also tend to have this constant fear that i don't really belong to whatever group i'm ... i tend to lie a lot , not even as a joke or anything . i'm so used to it now i just instinctivly lie before i even think about it , which really isn't a good thing because sometimes as i'm saying it i ... i'll smoke if i'm out with friends and they offer me one , but i honestly enjoy the smell of second-hand smoke more than actually smoking . i usually dont have people coming to me to complain about their shit because i usually dont pretend to care . however when it's someone that i care about i'll go out of my way to make them feel ... skiing , hiking , swimming , running , camping , listening to music , going to music festivals / concerts , finding new music , fixing things , getting into trouble . that's an intersting thought , but i think an other reason might be because we're complete opposites we see something in them that we lack , therefore being with we complete ourselves . this is all ... well thanks for all the imput guys , but due to my short attension span and tendancy to move on with things way to fast , i'm no longer interested in this particular estj . he's actually really getting ... enfjs drive me crazy , they just talk way to much in general . there's this one in particular that really annyoys me , if were're talking in a cricle she'll make sure that she's in the middle and when ... my mom is an infj who often tried to fix mine and my brothers personal problems out of concern , rather than helping us fix them ourselfves . this was very annoying espcially for me because i like to ... thanks dusty , i guess that means i won't have any luck with that one then , i was sort of hoping they'd were subtle about it , because he hasn't really said anything directly suggesting that he might ... '