' this is a question for those who have dealt with anxiety and / or depression and / or abusive relationships . i was stuck in an abusive relationship for six years and had several life-changing events ... efficiency . cleanliness . dancing . human connection . i don't find alcohol to be the answer to my emotions , but sometimes it does help to take the edge off the anxiety . video games and reading are my bread and butter . don't worry about your mbti defining your hobbies . the mbti is how you go about doing something , not why or what . i love my hobbies and ... i would say you'll find entj's in many places , but it depends on their enneagram . type 5 ' s are more likely to be at the networking events . i'm a type 3 , myself , and the networking is my worst ... all aboard the high standards ! the sky's the limit ! : laughing : not only do we have high standards , but that's likely the name of my spaceship . 1 ) yes , but only insofar as they are effectively a business partner when we are well , and they are able to take over in case something happens to us . i do not relinquish control easily , and i get ... personally , i have a vendetta against isfps , but that's mostly due to an abusive relationship i was in with a very manipulative and deranged isfp . my best advice for you is to approach the entj ... i have never been in a romantic relationship with an infj , but i have a very strong friendship with an infj coworker . she's my anchor in the storm a lot of the time . however , the amicability of our ... if you're looking for a book on the entj processes , read ender's game . it's entj crack . usually that monster is right . i'm on the i need to be alone swing of the pendulum . the issue is that my intj isn't really fully aware of my hatred for anyone and everyone that dares require some ... yeah , i'm still stuck on the op as well . dating is hard and unfulfilling . granted , i have the go big or go home philosophy , and i tend to jump straight from one serious relationship to the next . i ... yeah , i'm still stuck on the op as well . dating is hard and unfulfilling . granted , i have the go big or go home philosophy , and i tend to jump straight from one serious relationship to the next . i ... as for my feelings on birthdays , i like being the center of attention , so i love celebrating mine . as for your situation , i think it's a nice way to start off a work week with a surprise party on ... 1 . both . it depends on the chemistry . 2 . b . a . in english ed . i teach sophomore english . 3 . when i was younger , the answer would have been both . now you can find me at the office , working , or at ... i find mbti very useful . i don't take it as gospel , as it's more a tool of how someone will do something rather than why . however , as a teacher , it's useful to be able to determine how my ... 1 . name the most amazing place you've ever traveled to . where would you like to go that you haven't been to yet ? - the uk . - japan 2 . tell us one thing about yourself that doesn't fit the entj ... intp , actually . but that's also for mbti , not socionics . i know i personally am drained by f types , no matter sf or nf . my feelings about isfps are best summed up in the below photo , though admittedly my experience has been limited to a past abusive relationship : 188930 i have the anxiety and self-esteem issues as well . i have to echo what others have already said , however . it comes more from the enneagram than mbti . as type 3s , we're driven to the extreme with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkU23m6yX04 siamese kitten . four months old at time of post . named her chess , as she was black , white , and a very calculated move on my part . i adopted her after a rather nasty breakup as a final insult to ... after having just removed myself from a toxic entj / isfp relationship , i'm much more sensitive to recognizing sf types and staying the hell away . an intj and i are now circling each other , and it's ... i would get that blunt if i hadn't been aware of the emotions at hand . had it been a professional problem , i'd have hammered it out in public . where emotions are involved , i'm significantly more ... as one entj to another , i'd find a time and place where we were in the same area , wait until he was staring , make the come here motion , pull him into a side room , and flat out ask him why he's ... i would disagree with that . i hold grudges like a boss . you just might not see it . i'm not sure if this is a trait common to entjs , although it was common to the other entj i know personally . we ... the conflict seems to happen primarily on the personal level . i can deal with just about any type on a professional level ( i'm a teacher ) , but my issues with this isfp came out during personal ... for entj : 1 . describe an a . ) isfp . broken . b . ) intp . internet troll . 2 . how do you act around a . ) isfp * grrhisspfft * b . ) intp amused banter usually takes place , although the few i know can ... as an entj , i definitely have a flash temper . however , i've learned to nurture my fi over the years , so i generally have a much more controlled response . it allows me to be more human and have more ... speaking for myself , the only thing that really made me jump at a relationship in order to get out of a rut was the idea of someone providing resources , be that decent conversation , new experiences , ... alarmingly accurate . we've been on and off for six years now . i'm starting to realize that he's been keeping me ( unintentionally ) in a shadow form for some time now . i intend to discuss that with him ... so here's the next question : how does an entj deal with sfs when he / she / it is under an extreme amount of stress , almost or totally at the point of being in shadow form ? teaching does this to me ... that's usually what i try to do . however , in this situation , my buffer person failed me and i was left feeling jilted and floundering and , consequently , angry . so what would you suggest as an isfp for me to interact with ... it seems rude to say your kind , but that's all i'm coming up with . i don't want to starve either side of pleasure during the ... this . this is what i'm going through . i don't suppose this is just my j function rearing its ugly head and deciding that these people are a waste of my time , huh ? it's starting to seem that way the longer i have to calm down from this ... i've been having a rather uncertain time in my life where i'm shrinking away from people i don't initially trust or feel like they're a waste of time , and this has almost taken the label of shy for ... you make it sound so easy . * sigh * what's worse is that i'm sure you're right . it's just that my patience levels don't allow for that type of topic searching during conversation when i'm at the stress ... that's what i do when i'm on my own . this is when my boyfriend decides to introduce me to someone new for the sake of integrating me into other parts of his life . these are the required ... i can't seem to limit my contact with them . they're everywhere . it doesn't help that i'm a high school teacher and am inundated by the sfs . yes , i have other nts and nfs that i hang out with for balance , and they surround me at work and at home . as for why i'm dating the sf in the first place ... that would be the million dollar question ... nevermind . i figured it out , i think . i have to be out of the entj section before that shows up . i definitely feel the same way . i can socialize like a beast with anyone and anybody so long as i have an endgame . if i need something from these people or have to teach them something , i can talk to ... i'll discuss this or that with them for a few minutes and then observe them interacting with others , as they're not usually so deep in conversation with me that they can't flit from person to person ... what problems do you have the with sfs and fps ? i'm curious if we have the same kinds of issues . i ... i'm not sure how to respond to that image , so i'll divert with a question : how do i get my mbti type underneath my username on the sidebar ? * crickets * either that or you've never played pokemon ... that doesn't change when you get older . i'm going through the same thing and i'm well out of college . you just have to find your person or small group and then accept that class will be a completely ... '