' different types have decidedly different writing habits . entps and enfps both tend to be able to write large amounts of text on a moment's notice . infps and intps tend to be slow starters to ... - it's disrupting my sleep habits , i haven't gotten a good night's sleep in forever . - limited to under two hours a day now . no , he is definitely an entj . he lives and breaths te , takes over anything he gets involved in , even ran a business ( just out of high school ) for a while . can always be depended on to get things ... she sounds like an infj <- my first thought . how does she write ? what is her process ? does she need a good amount of time ? how does she organize / prepare it ? don't worry , i'll come up with something just in time . sure , i'd love to drive you downtown ! i just put a kitten in the microwave , it was interesting to watch . thank you for ... what is she good at ? how does she organize her room / stuff ? if given a writing assignment , how does she go about doing it ? i cry whenever a character in the movie stands strongly for what they believe is right in the face of strong opposition ( like mr smith goes to washington ) or is selfless / selfsacrificing ( sam in lotr ) ... isn't real world basically short for te dominated result-oriented practical business world ? does he want to talk about emotions ? no . would he deny all neediness ? hells yeah . so , how is he needy ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2btR9rAcdzo ... feel anything worth sharing , maybe ? : kitteh : as the title says . not just a pear , a pear core i finished like two hours ago . and she's picking it up with her paw and holding it to her face going lickilickilickilicki and it's so weird . aww ... ... the peep ? how ? i'm confused now . could you explain what you said in a well laid out chart or make use of some other visual aid ? yes scary , but he kept under control pretty well . came to me for advice rather than hunting down and killing someone ( not a joke ) . descriptions of introverts on the internet , even from introverts , seem to be lacking . the information is fantastically generic . not much depth . very repetitive . i'm probably expecting a lot out ... in general n's , though ' general ' refers to some kind of average , and the question really has to do with specific people , for which averaging does little justice . some n's really grind my gears . ... i believe that you can truly love someone , that love is true , and that it is good to love someone truly . i don't believe that there is one person in the world who is a perfect match , that is your ... sounds a lot like what goes on in my head . and does not sound like an infj . intps can actually be very internally emotional about what they believe to be true . but the process of deriving that ... everyone is a good learner so long as they meet these two conditions : a ) motivation to learn it b ) ability to learn it humans learn , and learn at an extraordinary pace . some learnings are simply ... i feel awkward breaking silence . i usually feel little need to anyways . my infj wife doesn't seem to mind unending silence . i feel weird if we haven't talked much . if a group of friends are ... random comment : from my perspective , if someone was prone to withdrawing , it'd be fine so long as it wasn't entirely unexplained . i get the need to withdraw , but if the withdrawal is without even a ... i'm going to not try to explain the inside of my head ( because explaining that is weird and i'm lazy ) and just say i use functions aaahhh ok , maybe a more intelligent response could be , uh , ... quote from my infj fiancee : expensive rocks . $ 20 titanium rings , our marriage will be unbreakable . and she loves it , because saving money makes her happy : kitteh : i think we need better parents and grandparents . i'm pretty sure i'm an intp , most of the time i just think and things fit into places , i don't actually go through and organize . it mostly just fits and organizes as it goes along . i find it ... i think about how i think : unsure : though what exactly that means is up for interpretation : mellow : anyways , at the core of what was described , it would seem strange to not try to make things line ... he's your older brother . he has a right to be annoyed if you ask for help . that is what older brother's do . he'll help if he thinks you really need it . because music , like sex , builds slowly , has many interwoven parts , can climax ( multiple times even ! ) and makes you feel awesome . its also endlessly entertaining , and never gets old . at least , ... we need to masturbate unashamedly ? recently discovered my feelings , and thought they might be useful . turned out to be uncooperative , unpredictable , prickly little bastardizations of my own thought processes . ugh . but , ... random explosions of depression have left sections of my brain as little more than charred husks . though i think i'll keep on keeping on , seems like i don't have better options lol . yes , intps ... my mind has no limitations . at all . does that count ? : kitteh : the only thing that this results in , in real life , is i tend to have few restrictions on what i say ... which can annoy or even hurt ... a living body , and a nice scalpel , can be really , really fun . oh , and you need restraints . bodies are cool , it has so many entertaining parts ^ o ^ though even if i felt like being evil , i would ... si can be a pretty good way to know what you like , though in a different vein than something like fi . also , i've found that things that are popular are sometimes popular because they're good . ... random thought : esfjs are external and communal , primarily . their combination of functions often leads to them accepting some kind of external order / agreement in order to get things done ( which ... the best lies are carefully considered images and facades placed over the right people over a long period of time , formulated in the mind in a system , making it easy to fit moments in as they come . the earlier posts push brain to wonder , what value is there in not proving what you believe ? what point is there in choosing your beliefs and then proving them ? doesn't that automatically favor ... i'm not sure if i can . i can go on endlessly about what it makes me think of or what it is like , but to describe yellow for what it actually is ... that seems hard . hmm ... yellow is a e major ... i wanna be a cat : kitteh : yes , it is something to envy , housecats especially don't do anything , get all the food they need , any number of beds , and no responsibilities . seriously . and they're ... i think anyone who thinks their type is totally them knows not their self . at any rate , it's more practical to use the functions in the type to figure out who you are , what others are , your ... i love reading about ti and its ways , i identify with it soundly , it makes me happy : kitteh : and i use ne / si , se / ni is intelligible but would painful on my brain to try and actually use . point : ... ditch them and spend your time reading . you can kill a lot of time in books . somehow , i don't think asking a psychopath personality related questions would lead to an accurate assessment of their personality anyways . the article talks like you can actually put a number on ... encouragement to work on the technical bits more , yumm yumm . just a random note , we met in college , and one time when her brother was down here visiting , he saw us talking at a table and said he's ... how do you learn to express your thoughts ? perhaps more interestingly , how do you learn to get some useable idea of what your thoughts are ? how do you learn to have a conversation where you ... my porn : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNoW1dHiWsw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up8NTTkokJc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzC4hFK5P3g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2btR9rAcdzo if a conversation where about enjoying the conversation and not playing with what the conversation is about , i would fall into tiny little pieces internally . that thingy out there to be talked about ... want to talk about the nature of time and how it relates to god ? sure ! how to start intp flirting . it worked for me when i wanted to go out with an intp ... also worked with the infj i'm ... '