' i don't believe this is true . the golden rule says nothing about being identical , merely that as a decent person you will treat others decently . for example , to exercise social restraint at ... what ? what do you mean , not productive ? :-) you shared a profound and meaningful insight with your fellow human beings . you generated insight . you made me laugh . these are all good and valuable ... archer game of thrones defiance due south life on mars ( british ) sherlock ( british ) firefly dollhouse buffy green wing it's amusing this thread got bumped when it did , as yesterday i started pulling the black t-shirts from my wardrobe ( completely unaware of this thread ) to find i had ... nine of them ... :-) at ... the golden rule covers it pretty well for me . do unto others as you wish be done unto you . if you take the time and care to think that through , it can guide you through life pretty well . that , ... to the op : you can't get out of the situation , so figure out what you want / can get from this . do you want to be liked ? do you want an education ? something else ? what do you want from your school ... hmm . intps are more socially acceptable , have a better social manner . they can manufacture social acceptability better than intjs , perhaps . but some intjs at least are very attracted to people ... this . oh , this ! can i give you a gold star ? a bottle of champagne ? something , anything , to show my undying appreciation for your insight ! :-) it depends on the street ... :-) if it's a rural or suburban street with no people on it i spend a lot of time looking at the plants and animals , thinking random thoughts about nature interspersed ... intj here . i cook a lot and really enjoy it , both mundane everyday cooking for the family and experimental or adventurous cooking . i rarely use recipes , and mostly cook by feel , but generally ... kleptomaniac liturgical dancers jig for songs advocating deprivation iigrigg wow , that sounds hellish uncomfortable . however it makes you still sound like a human being . :-) ( some intjs worry me , in that they appear not to feel the emotions at all , and therefore do not ... this . this is absolutely my experience too , on both counts . and what's more it's accurate ; it damn well works , even if there is no immediately obvious causal link . maybe so ... but the rest of us haven't . :-) and neither have you , since you not only clicked your way here , but also bothered to post . :-) infp ? yup , that's the important bit right there . by constructing a temporary social self you are not manipulating others into something they don't want or that is disadvantageous , but rather putting them ... why not ? you are hardly alone with that one . :-) at least men can get away with a certain discomfort with the gushy hugs & air kisses thing . but if i show anything other than massive enthusiasm for close ... i'd debate that on both points . :-) without being contradict-y , i just want to raise a couple of points : statistically we make up + / - . 5 % of the population , so to me that's pretty rare . and ... just out of interest , do any of you intps find a lack of empathy ( when compared to the probable empathy levels of other types ) a functional problem at all ? do your social interactions get along ... is it actually true that we all hate showing emotion ? i don't mind showing my full emotional spectrum to people i care about or people i trust . however i am not overly keen on showing emotion ... while i do completely agree with your general line of thinking ( manners maketh the ( wo ) man , people ! ) , i'm assuming that as an intj you've mostly been posting in the intj forum ... and you do know what ... mendi i'm a female intj and i get exactly where you are coming from . maybe it's because i'm female ; maybe because something like that happened to me not so long ago - a long-term platonic ... okay then . that settles that question - snapple is just trolling and isn't remotely on the level here . sex work is a difficult , dangerous , and poorly paid trade and very few women do it as a ... sorry i'm a bit late in on this one , but i had to say something here : love can turn to hate in a heartbeat . they are two sides of the one coin . if you love , if you hate , - you care passionately ... this ! this is so true . i am not sure that anyone , of any type , appreciates being fixed in the context of a romantic relationship . romantic relationships - healthy ones at least - are ... love is a state where , to a greater or lesser extent , the well-being of the love-object is essential to your own happiness . the well-being of an object of pity is not essential to one's own ... apparently i'm an elephant . good memories , good family structure , formidable opponent , generally liked and respected ... could do worse . it's not what i think of when i look in the mirror in the ... that's a good boss , right there . lots of people aren't very keen on people who are right a lot of the time , let alone acknowledging it publicly . heh . my son and i are fairly similar ( both ... you must be better at this process than i am - i find that while it _should_ work in theory , it tends not to , for me at least . people get confused or resentful or just plain old want to do it ... my current job is an exceptionally good one , as it consists of a regular array of new projects , mostly completely different from each other and requiring an extraordinarily steep learning curve for ... oh okay , i think i get what you mean now . there's an idea worth considering . i doubt anyone is going to come up with a conclusive answer to that one in a hurry though . :-) this seems reasonable to me . one needs the other to give context to this . neither happiness nor unhappiness could be well understood without the other , as then whichever state prevailed would ... of course you are always right . :-) i read somewhere that one of the reasons intj is so exasperating to other types is not just because we think we are always right , but because we actually are very ... i could not agree with you more . that book is going on the must buy pile . :-) i've read others by rosin and they are usually interesting . like you , i am a little bit sceptical about this ... gullible ... :-) i don't know about wanting to rule the world . i don't think that's my style . but i do want to make the world a better place , and one of the most tangible ways to do that is to help people to whom ... ah , now there is a question . which is happiness and which is joy ? i agree with you about happiness - happiness seems to me to be the simpler of the two , more readily triggered by ordinary things - ... i agree there has been a lot of change in the past ten years , but i am not sure that all of it has been positive . for example raunch culture , which is allegedly about women being free to express ... maybe it's all about the moments ? i know the times i can accurately say i have been happy , happy through to the core , have all been fleeting . intense , but fleeting . you've answered your own question right there - with the words of a true intp . case closed . :-) argh . i wrote a long and thought-out response to this but was interrupted . when i went to post it was all lost . stupid timing-out tokens . hmmm , interesting perspective . i don't - and ... that sounds a little bit too good to be true . :-) not even the mormons themselves seem to have taken this to heart sufficiently to lead lives purely in pursuit of joy . for my part i suspect the ... why sir ! but we've scarcely met ... actually we haven't met at all , i'm on my 10th post in this forum , and frankly two words are too cryptic for even me to make much sense of . bed is fun and ... this is hilarious , mostly because it is so hideously accurate ... that's interesting - i never did the contorting in the first place , and as i get older i'm starting to think that maybe that was a bit of a mistake . because of my directness and almost fanatical ... just a very slight diversion from the op ( whose author is so very young , and so very intp ... ) has anyone had this exact argument with anyone who was not an intp ? now i'm not exactly a bleeding ... and then one day you actually fall in love ... and are mighty confused that there seems to be more to it than that ... :-) ah yes ... i remember those days . sometimes i'd drive to a shopping complex ( on my own ! ) and just ... park . and i would be alone and there would be no-one tapping on the car window . i wouldn't ... apparently the wanting of a baby , the ticking of that clock , trumps everything else - even for an intj . i remember making long lists of the pros and cons of having a child . the ' con ' list was way ... '