' jeeze what a topic . i think you go on to any forum anywhere you get the same answer , yes . run . just run . story of my life . i think there are a few factors . because of our sometimes secretive nature about parts of who we are , the one that people see the most prodominatly is our puking rainbows .  ... my secret ? ready , this will change your life . do it . it's really no hard . okay okay i'll repeat it again . do it . it's my motto and it works every time . when i get stuff done , i not ... i can emotionally detach quickly if i had reason . guilty as charged . go go get em tiger . ( tip . most of them i have met hate poor posture . puff your chest out ! ! ) thats intersting ! i have a very close intj friend who says the best thing we share in commen is the desire to travel . he and i are both very curious about the world , and want nothing more then to ... only like a million ! intjs are the icing to a cake for me ! i love all humans , and a lot of them intrest me . but nothing like an intj . i need at least on active intj friendship to keep me ... so i'll spend a lifetime annalyzing my past , predicting my future , living in my present . how would have room for you in my heart . i've built my love around this the kindness of others the ... she sounds like a great gal . i know an intj who is in love . i notice he is much more affectionate . and lately i even struggle to get an objective opinion that isn't saturated with feelings ( although they are always very ... i get very internal when im stressed and try and tell myself im okay . as a result of my e , this doesn't work out well . i've developed many colds and flu's from being stressed out , as long as ... my intj companion hates it when i make assumptions about how he feels , even if i'm right . he also hates it when i make negative assumptions about myself without listening to his input . which , ... i really enjoyed reading this ! i think your quest is noble , and is a good one . i have never had a real want for money ... maybe it was the way i was raised . but i found the times i was happiest ... your enfp brethren extend there love to you . i'm skye . i cant say i have to much experience in this area , but i have loved , and ill tell you a bit about it . as someone who , does love very ... i only really like people that the connection is quite clear between the two of us . where there is no denying we are into eachother . otherwise i don't really get interested . well i may , but i don't ... i'd say your right . yes i thought i might be entp for a while to , but i realized i have just developed thinking and rely very heavilty on analyzing . i would agree that alot of people think just ... hello . so the movie the giver is coming out , i thought i would read the book before it does . i'm wondering if anyone who has read the book knows the receivers character profile ? i've looked it ... your jointing a very interesting set of people . i spent a lot of time trolling on the intj forums . i'm telling you it leaves me in stiches everytime . im sure you will enjoy yourself . welcome ... i play guitar and i've learnt drums but i don't get a lot of chance to use that skill since i don't have a set ... yet . and i sing :) ( if i'm good or not is debatable ) i regularly play with a group ... haha the two estjs i know , we spent months and montthhhsss trying to change eachothers mind and get us to see eachothers point of view . when we finally learnt to agree to disagree . it kinda ... maybe to those who break down the iron gates . what can i say too much time with feeler's lately : laughing : : wink :[ / quote ] can't imagine why . from the coupple who have been interested in me . the first thing they always say is that i broke down a lot of emotional walls , usually without even trying . and that they are attracted to my aura ... truth is there is always something standing in the way of love . and it may not happen naturally like so many people say . that it's something that happens and is totally un breakable . i think love ... slightlyeccentric ... now just wait for the comments that i'm a sensitive touchy feely person : laughing :[ / quote ] you are a sensitive touchy feely person . i'd say our a ability to play wingman is extensive yes . the enfp's are here for you ! im going through a break up with an intj now to . but much different situations to yours . i won't go into it here , but if you need to talk please pm me . i'm not ... no problem glad i was able to help . i think honesty in any relationship is inportant , but especially with enfp's and intj's since enfp's get almost all there information not from what people say , ... haha , unfortunately we are just friends . * sigh * haha , yes usually much more so . i think it's surprise . like , one time i was talking to a friend ( intj actually ) and its not like we were really that close , i mean we were , but he didn't know me ... yes ! because we are both just as crazy as the other . constantly . it's exhausting i know about 14 different greetings , and yet still no complete language . ahhh i'd say you're pretty dead on . and we are not always aware we are doing it . often when i'm talking to some friends who know me really well they look at me funny and say something like what are you ... here's what im thinking ( just going from my own experience with intj's ) he likes you ! and i think a lot of this has more to do with his love language , the main one seeming to be acts of ... i love you're signature haha ! thanks for you opinion . =) this is the exact same thing ! thank you for those positive vibes , but i'm doing pretty well . would you like them back or you good ? xoxo yes ! i do understand now thank you i appreciate that insight . i understand much more now he is typed as an enfp . ahh ! that makes much more sense . yes , i agree . no , that's what i was highlighting . is that the stubbornness could be a j or p , that it is not just j's or p's that do that . i defiantly agree with ... but again that stubbornness to not be controlled can be contributed to an enfj just as much enfp . i'd say reading people is what i rely on most of the time . it interests me , and if its not too vain , it makes me feel important and validates my worth . so yeah , i'd say i'm very good at reading and ... i think peeta is an enfp , but can anyone explain why they think he is a p not a j ? because he tends to manipulate the world around him according to how he wants it . he doesn't exactly let things ... interesting theory , but if i remember correctly , her test itself she shouldn't tell if it was real or not , but it was only in the mental stage she could , but that was her divergence . not her ... hmm . i think istx but i'm leaning towards p , because she doesn't really have the desire to control the world around her , but lets the world evolve and she just fits into it . and the fact she ... no no , i put this thread up to get your opinion . thanks for it . =) he sounds very immature . by enfp standards to .. if that's possible . i know an enfp like that . see , most enfp's protect there inner world from the ones who don't care to look for it . but an ... intj's do not love broadly , they love specifically and intensely . an intj in love will be driven to understand that person , especially if that is a challenge . enfp's love all , however for ... thats true , she does have a few . but there are many instances where she doesn't let emotion involve her decisions , or her actions , and doesn't even consider how she feels until well after the event , ... i had an intj friend who would have that song am i wrong by nico and vince , at the part that he sings thats just how i feel . ready at any and all times when talking to me . because i use-to ... haha , explains why i don't watch tv then ? has no backbone .. as an nf i can say yeah that's about 90 percent of what we do . '