' when some days you talk with every people you meet ( even a lot of strangers ) and when you come back home you call your friends to tell them of each detail and emotion of the day ; while others you ... esfj similarities : - i have a strong fe , i'm very sensible and emotive . - i'm in tune with other people moods . - i like people and talking in general . - i like to help and take care of people ... 6 “ i wanted to scream what i felt , but i was silent for fear of not being understood . ” charles bukowski 4 ( i love this quote ^ _ ^ ) we , like flowing water , we are wanderers in search of a sea . juan baladàn gadea following these definitions : defense mechanisms | dave's enneagram enneagram defense mechanisms 1 ... adam : esfj o estj sarah : enfp julia : istj crosby : esfp camille : infp zeek : estj kristina : esfj joel : isfp jasmine : istj haddie : isfj i admire you mystery's aura and your voracious curiosity . https://38.media.tumblr.com/2c6a4e2043a0b4d229b668df0ae0f3b2/tumblr_nfi2okhCfN1tg0xtbo8_r2_1280.png https://33.media.tumblr.com/01536e9ef4188ee65c7b33517731efef/tumblr_nfi2okhCfN1tg0xtbo10_500.gif ... stop always talking about emotions and feelings , these things make me upset . let's talk about some concrete : what we're going to do friday and saturday night ? and don't tell me that you are not going ... unhealthy enneagram types in order : https://33.media.tumblr.com/7b53fad476d75dcc4863f70f759adec2/tumblr_nes2c4Twc51tg0xtbo4_250.gif ... and you cry for that ? ? i've bigger problems than you and i don't waste my time crying but reacting ! you have to go out always even when you feel not good , you have to be always strong and being ... 2 > 4 = 6 > 1 > 9 > 7 > 3 = 5 > 8 2w3 sosx a normal 1 https://38.media.tumblr.com/d959154564371a3a17eaf1f85cd7327e/tumblr_n77k1wWqi61sh43kgo1_500.gif ... 1w2 spso i'm pretty sure you're a fi user . you seem very self-aware about your emotionsfeelings at least more than those of others . moreover you don't feel the need of helping others even if you can be very ... i feel exactly the same . this thing , with the time , is becoming so boring and frustrating that i'm loosing enthusiasm for this forum . : crying : puer_aeternus that's just the bitter and harsh truth . ok , maybe it's just a mine wrong impression regarding my sister , or maybe she's quite an exception for a 5 if she really wants to be seen in that way . i think the 5 it's the most mysterious number ... ok , but if a person acts in a way of not being know very often that is perceived by others as being mysterious . i think that my sister is pretty aware of it and also accepts to be seen in that way . i ... for mysterious i meant not being really know by anyone . my sister , as a 5 , acts in this way , i'm not really sure , effectively if she really want to be perceived as a mysterious person ( if that means ... definitely the 5 ! his security coincides with his awareness of being not know . you can search images in this site by putting a word in the web search followed by the word gif for example i searched disney gif : disney gif | tumblr other sites of random gifs : señor gif ... i don't know a lot of esfjs but i can answer talking about me as esfj . thanks to my dominant fe i'm , generally , able to feel others emotions with a deep intensity . to me it's easier to understand ... no more gifs ? : tongue : it's not so simple to explain in few words , you've to gradually enter to the mtbi theory that is all about functions . i give you some links about functions so you can start reading them : ... hi ! the best thing to do is to read all the functions of both these two types and understand what are the functions that you use the most . esfj and esfp share between them just the order of the ... type 1 : http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3gmkqyVvJ1rv82wko1_500.gif type 2 : http://data.whicdn.com/images/22534453/bob-esponja-cute-funny-gif-spongebob-Favim.com-291466_large.gif ... i agree with you . i see the type esfj very stereotyped and a lot far from me , but i think that maybe it's the type that is more similar to me . since i've a pretty developed fe , i should be a esfj or ... honestly no . unfortunately there are a lot of people that reason in that terms . i'm happy for you that you was just joking ! : wink : you can't convert a subjective thing into an objective one ! i know a lot of persons that love twos , included myself and some 7w6s like you , so your phrase has no sense . the fact that a lot of ... i have to always be good with others . i also feel the needs of others with an intensity that is impossible to not hear so i feel obligated to help them to satisfy their needs . if sometimes i'm not in ... yes , sorry . i'm italian and i realized now that i didn't get the sense of the phrase . so if now i really get what is your view , do you think that people that consider all esfjs illogical and ... yes , i think the same , but sometimes it's interesting seeing if there's correlations between these , but going to far it could bring typism . we share the same view . : wink : ahahaah , ok ! ! since i don't think stupidity it's linked to any functions or order of them i have to do the same with idealism ! : laughing : yes , actually i know that i'm idealistic but even if i'm aware of it , sometimes i can't stop myself from being chagrined because of that . i often hope the best from people . i think it's more a ... ok , maybe i'm not one of the most stereotypical esfj since my functions are not very marked . i'm a medium way between introversion and extroversion and between sensing and intuition ( i scored 51 % vs ... [ quote =p uer_aeternus ; 3697390 ] well on the net i can see why esfjs are notorious village idiots because the web is dominated by intuitives . especially message boards . intuitives galore . so there's ... that make sense to understand why others consider esfjs stupid , but i hope that there would be smarter people that would go beyond appearances to understand that this consideration is just a ... if the reason of , at least , a lot of people consider esfjs stupid is because they've ti at their repressed function , a lot of people should consider stupid also the other types with the repressed ... yes , that makes sense . however i was talking about fe as one of her probably first fourth functions , because i see that his desire to be linked to others , to be considered and to share her ... hi , welcome to the forum ! i hope you will enjoy it ! :p roud : that depends . not all esfjs are actually in that way . i know a esfj that is pretty similar to your description , i think that it depends more from naivety more than to the type . however it's true that ... isfp for the avatar and because of poem on your signature . entj for the avatar . i pretty agree that pinky pie is a enfp , but don't you think that in some episodes she seems having a pretty developed fe instead of fi ? for example in episodes such as too many pinky pie and a ... well , i find that her type is a little ambivalent as rarity's type . both of them are sometimes very practical , they love fun and adventures ( especially sweetie belle ) but they could be considered ... mtbi : twilight : intj more than intp . she's so organized and anchored to lists . fluttershy : infp or isfj . spike : istp rainbow dash : estp pinkie : enfp applejack : estj rarity : not very sure , ... estj because of the signature . you're welcome ! :p roud : '