' i know two couples wich are isfp esfj . so far so good ! ;) so musicislife there is hope indeed ! and me and my ( not ' boy ' ) friend , are also a great combination . we just ' feel ' each other . he is someone ... ( luckily ) haven't noticed it yet with my esfj friends ! i know three esfj boys , and they are just the best . i wish i had more around me ! :p roud : exactly ! started as very good friends , because we can communicate very well , and than developed feelings . exact the same things you name , is also what i liked about the esfj boy . and complementing ... she doenst say she's not attracted to isfp's , she says she hasn't got any experiences with them :) i know a few esfj's and they are , just like musicislife said , very supportive , loyal and caring ... yeah i recognized he needs it a lot . i'm dating one for half a year now and he says he has never been so happy because i appreciate him so much . he has never felt so good about humself . so thats ... [ quote = lenabelle ; 2963645 ] the main way i can tell esfj from enfj is realism / pessimism . i tend to lean toward pessimism and see potential consequences for certain actions , which means i'm firmly ... hello everyone ! are there any esfj's here who like / are dating / have a boy / girlfriend who is isfp ? i am really curious about the experiences ! i really like an esfj guy , we are exact on the same ... they are . yesss esfj's have very strong emotions ! they can be totally happy or totally down just from one little sentence or something someone said . i've experienced it . they are great , awesome people , i ... it is possible indeed she is an esfj . she sounds as a wonderful person ! i think one of the most important things between you is that you have try to be open . i always find it very hard to open up , ... haha this is also a little esfj like :P giving themselves compliments , on a modest way ! i think to get the appreciation they wanted . but i like to give them this appreciation cause they are very very ... hey esfj boys ! where are you ? ? i wanna see youuu ! ! :p roud : that's funny . or weird . my brother is intj and we are like best friends . we get along amazing , ever since we were young . isfp / intj in this case works great ! pity you and your father are not like this . all the time .. esfj's tend to like me a lot . i do like them too ! ! :) but i want to hear from you esfj's :P it's funny you say this . they are not too loud for me ! it's actually a good balance between too loud and too quiet i think :P maybe it's diffirent cause i'm an isfp girl . maybe it's diffirent the ... i also thought our match was esfj ? some sites differ about the match . i tend to like esfj's though .. anyway , you say it exactly the way i feel it . people say : give him a chance ! or : give me a ... could be .. he is esfj , so very caring . personality is just perfect for me . but for some reason .. i don't find him attractive enough i guess .. i hate myself for thinking and saying this ! ! :( he ... esfj's are very caring , always helpful , warm-hearted - good listeners , good speakers :P , energetic , loyal .. i just love you guys i ´ d say isfj :) how often do you think about your goals and values in life ? i don't . and if i do , it's very vague . never concrete . i think about the moment and not much further , unfortunately . i do have some sense ... thanks m_dogg for your reply . but i am sure i am not in love . i could have him if i want , but there is something in me , a feeling , which says , i don't want him . not now , not later . and about the ... i agree . esfj's are awesome ! ! ! i don't know what exactly it is , but i feel so drawn to you . you are all so kind , loyal , open-minded , funny , open , don't judge , caring , warm-hearted , and i can go on ... people can never figure out what i am like . sometimes they try to ' read ' me , but 90 % they are wrong . when people don't know me , they think i am quiet and shallow , but when they do get to know me , i ... weird , don't get it . everyone has something . if possessive is everything .. i mean , they have really good harts . maybe they come across emotional ( which they are ) , but they are very warm-hearted and ... esfj's are sweet , very caring , warmhearted , open-minded , don't judge , open , can laugh with them . don't know what it is with them .. but i love them ! ! ! i would also say isfp .. i at least connect very well with them ! ! ! and they with me ;) i can get along with esfj's very well . i just love them ! the only boys i really connected with , were esfj's .. so i do think i'm attracted to them . they're personalities match just amazing with mine ... doesn't sound isfp like .. i totally understand what you are saying . i have this too .. i like to have friends , but i don ´ t really really need it . i also don ´ t need to catch up with my friends every week . once in a while is ... they hate when people give up quick should i ? or should i not ... well okay than , here it is ... :) https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/548807_277620212312391_360231944_n.jpg like to see you all :) hi twigs , i totally agree with you . i have to say there are some isfp's i know which are not very intelligent . but i don't think it has a lot to do with type . it's just that an isfp would do less ... absolutely method a ! ! ! nice introduction ! :) welcome ! welcome :) hi there amen :) tine : so true ! i always say : why do today , what you can do tomorrow ? welcome , i'm a newbie 2 :) hope , with the knowledge of the mbti about yourself and with this forum , that you will understand and appreciate yourself more . you sound like an unhappy isfp and i feel ... all true , but i am very optimistic . more isfp's agree with this ? blue butterfly , i want to thank you for making this threat , because now people will get right answers , from a jw self . i'm a jw as well , and sometimes i get ennoyed of all the prejudices about ' us ' ... you know what so confusing is about isfp's ? they are confused too ! they mostly don't even know themselves what they think or feel . do i like him ? or do i not ? i notice this myself . then a boy wants ... i absolutley agree with you 100 % ! ! a lot of my friends are esfj's . i can get along with them very well ! i love being around with them and i notice they do too with me . understanding each other is ... me 2 . my father and my sister are enfp . and i know a lot more . ( too many in my opinion xd ) i talk a lot with esfj's , we can get along very well . so i'm sure too they like to talk to isfp's . and overall they have better conversations with f i guess . at this moment not very cold :) it's still winter and its already 16 degrees . not too bad :) wauw epimer ! thank you for your sweet message ! that's a warm welcome ! ! ! :) i grew up as a happy kid , worried about nothing , i had a lot of friends , but i enjoyed playing on my own or with a close friend most . i could play for hours with the barbies or something else . i was ... '