' i'm an entp currently in a relationship with an infp . it's going quite well , there have been some problems , but they haven't really been because of personality clashes . anything you guys ... i love the night . i just wish i wasn't always tired . i also love the day , but only when it is really sunny . i can't stand days ( like today ) when it is just overcast and you see barely any light . i read somewhere that you shouldn't do the enneagram test before you are 25 , as until that point your personality is still developing . to learn so much about yourself when you are still young can ... father : enfj mother : esfj yeah i think that is how i should act . i am a notorious over-thinker . the one i have read most about is the 9/11 attacks . a whole lot of fishy things went on . i also love the really ancient stuff like - as several other people have already mentioned - the ... i can't quite identify with your personal root of depression , but i find that depression has only one cause , and only one cure . the cause is over-thinking . doesn't matter what it's about , but if ... i do work out and i have quite a lot of self confidence ( other people think so as well ) . i do pretty much all you said i should , but that's what makes my lack of ability to initiate in the kind of ... i used to never care about how i looked really . that's changed somewhat . i like looking nice , and i buy myself some nice clothing , but i still don't really care all that much about what other people ... mzansi - i do similar things to people i don't know ( or barely know ) , but it is when they are more than simply acquaintances , but less than friends . i feel as though they fall between two camps ... sorry but i totally disagree with this . scientific epistemology is totally dependent on faith as well . plus faith isn't absence of proof , it is simply belief when you don't know 100 % for sure . i had ... dear entj , don't think i'll obey you like everyone else . if we go head to head , you'll find my will is just as strong as yours . signed , intp pro-life . i've become even more convinced of this since starting my philosophy degree . i find i have a big problem with initiating things with people . now random people i have never met before i am fine with , and it's the same with close friends . but i find it really hard to ... i agree totally . i think you can find joy and meaning in life without a deity , just not objective meaning . big difference ! i liked the idea of being free from any objective meaning , that was why ... thanks bro , but i already knew what nihilism was . as i said in my post , i study philosophy , so that is kind of a given :) to explain further , as you correctly guessed , i do think life is totally ... i'm a theist . i used to want to be an atheist ( i kind of liked the idea of meaningless for a while ) . plus the abuse i got because i was a theist made me want to be accepted i guess . so i felt ... while i never became an atheist . i outgrew any desire to be an atheist when i was 18 . that makes me think i am an entp it describes me so well . eternal means exists outside of time . everlasting means exists forever within time . i believe the first , richard swimburne belives the second . why ? read ' is there a god ? ' swimburne gives a fairly good definition ( but i don't agree with all of it ) . i would start there . i'm not blaming anything . i am just saying , intjs are known to be literal , and when you are on an intj forum you should be more careful saying what you mean , as people will take you on what you say ... i take everything too literally . i'm an intj . but i take you on what you say , and i will show you why what you said was wrong . do you know what an appeal to ridicule is ? i mean look it up ... what would consitute as evidence in your eyes ? i find most atheists say that they are open if the evidence is there , but then refuse to say what the evidence required is . that is a very close minded ... another appeal to ridicule . you really should learn your fallacies . please tell me where in christianity a ' fairy ' is mentioned ? or scratch that , where in the five largest religions a ' fairy ' is ... most atheists are ignoring the hard questions . the arguments for god vastly outweight the arguments against . most of you became atheists over emotional issues ( problem of evil etc . ) and yet ... what has the realization santa doesn't exist have to do with this discussion ? aappeal to ridicule much ? highly religious catholic . i contemplated atheism , but found it would be dishonest . deism is a much more honest position ( in my view ) . but i read a lot about the subject , weighed up the evidence ... not a problem :) thank you very much for the link . i'll look into it at once . sorry i was being stupid . i totally mis-understood what you were saying . with sjs they like some one who will help with their projects or every day work . what keirsey would call the ' help mate ' ... thanks , that's really interesting . does that mean asking enfjs about their emotions or noticing one of their emotional responces and being interested in that ? as for sjs and sps , it all depends on ... sure , but he did believe in a god . that was all west was saying . he never stated he was ' religious ' . i kind of like it , but i have only watched one episode . i don't think i would enjoy it in the long run though . something about it just wound me up slightly . as an intx i find that if people show an interest in one of my subjects ( philosophy , theology etc . ) i instantly find them much better looking . literally once somone started talking to be about alvin ... does anyone else find people a lot more attractive if you know they have a thing for you ? why do you believe atheism to be a religion ? it's not a religion . it isn't even a world view . naturalism however is a world view , and as almost all atheists are also naturalists , i'd argue against that rather than simply the statement of ... yeah i agree anyway . i think the only point such a line of argument could possibly prove is you can be a great mind and christian ( i dont ' think anyone would argue against that ) and that these people ... i am personally friends with six roman catholic nts who are all under the age of 25 . intps can be over introvert , and can just go off and do their own thing randomly . things like that annoy me . but generally i get on great with intps . darwin was an agnostic . on page 94 of his autobiography he says : the mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us ; and i for one must be content to remain an agnostic . and why ... i don't know . ( i'm in a self destructive mood today - ask me tomorrow and i'll be able to give you a clear , ballenced , rationally thought out answer ) . i remember my dad saying he used to argue with his theology professor regularly . i think often though with intj / ps we can think we understand what the other person is saying , they are trying to ... not always , but quite often . i get along great with intps , and i might be an intj . perhaps . i like to think i am soft on the inside as well though . at first i saw that the melon was hard on the outside but soft on the inside , while peach is soft on the outside and hard on the inside . i just can't connect with a watermolon in the same way ... i'd have to say peach . but that might just be because i like peach more than watermelon ... i'm going through the same problem . i have no idea if i am an intp or an intj . i love planning things out , and i know i am way more productive when i do so , but i also love keeping things open . the ... used to be . made some friends . not any more . '