absolutely terrible with names . people's faces / vibes / body language register better . hullo , isfjs . out of curiosity , may i inquire about your views of nts ? :p roud : hullo , isfps . out of curiosity , may i inquire about your views of nts ? :p roud : * covers lillyflower's eyes and ears * the esfj snacks were pretty gr8 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo35R9zQsAI when i lived alone , i did often forget to eat and drink , and the house was a mess . living with others certainly improves my survivability . not that i know of . i was so calm and pensive as a child some nuns told my mother i was a reincarnation of buddha . git me da vodka ! * slams table * oh , that topic . i'm of the guess that most of us don't care about it enough . could you get me a parrot burger ? i see you are not very socialized yourself , for being ignorant of such ... ( awww ... ) i'm nice . hmm . bringing it up still comes across as creepy and nosy , i'd say . you win , little parrot . you win . ;) * refills your martini * ah . ouch . be at your leisure , little parrot . i'm just here to have refreshments . hmm , yes . though i would think having named it a challenge would consequently put importance on the outcome . or maybe that is not so for ps . * takes a cookie too * * consumes refreshments * sadly , one seemingly effective strike doesn't equate to victory . but at least you're having fun . alas , the esfj thread has better refreshments . * moves over * here , you can have my olive . it helps with the bitterness . awww . don't be sad , little parrot . perhaps a change of tactics would bring about new prospects . 21 pages . not bad . * stirs martini * nice party . if you really are smart , you should know how to put others at ease . just my two cents . just me , then . : unsure : 90 . almost every day . mmo / rpg / survival / anything aesthetically pleasing that involves satisfying strategy tidbits . ... and pokemon . i would like to participate . awww . my bad . also , thank you for the information . would be nice to inquire further , but it seems a tad rude to derail the thread . * continues lurking * i'm afraid the prime moment for humour has passed . however , i do wish to know why infjs seem to be present in virtually every thread i came upon . mayhaps it is relevant to the topic in question . shame . my inquiry was left unanswered . do tell . music , arting , reading , games , movies , wikipedia ... pretty much what erialclaire said . it seems to me he values you enough ( or , a lot ) to want to help you save time . we tend to think we can do everything faster / more efficiently . i would say we enjoy the feeling of making things ... you see marriage as a baby-making project . i've been following this thread religiously . < insert moral support > so are those eyes , nipples , or something other ? ^ depends on the sf . generally , i try to learn what i can from them . same . hmm . youngsters these days . △ metamd it's exhibiting the first signs of success , but i wouldn't say it's working just yet ... ;) metamd they do , some quite persistently so . i find that it's very hard to click with them , though . i usually drop out of contact after the first date or two , unless the alternative route of ... * smashes talk button repeatedly * black n ' blue . sometimes white . i don't believe exhibiting intelligence has ever resulted in a negative response from the male party for me . i find that they end up staring at me with a look of curiosity and wonder . granted , i tend ... not sure if influential per se , but i enjoy going back to these . the things they carried , tim o'brien druids , morgan llywelyn monsignor quixote , graham greene 1 ) can't confirm those type assumptions . 2 ) nay . i'd find it more hillar-ious . would be best to keep in contact . i prefer a balanced approach .