' that makes a lot more sense than what i've heard before . what i heard was that isfj's are 14 % . i live in the united states and i only know one isfj besides myself , lol ! so i definitely agree that ... thanks ! i won't worry about it . yeah , i would say you're an isfj . it's a pretty awesome type to be but then again , i might be slightly biased ! i don't cry very much . just because i'm an isfj , my instinct is to help people . when i cry in front of someone , it makes me feel vulnerable and like i'm the one who needs help . i do cry a lot ... i love that song ! from your description , i would definitely say you are either an isfj or an isfp . fynest one whoa ! you have a pretty good memory then . especially the part about remembering your weight . i didn't realize just how much us isfj's have in common until i started reading this ... whoa ! i loved all the things you listed . sometimes people post things on this thread that don't seem to match up to the typical isfj . but i was like lol exactly ! at every single thing you listed ... yup ! i can identify with all of these . . . whoa ! same for me . i've only met one other isfj , but i know oodles of intjs which are also one of the rarest . i don't know . i think i do pretty good when i tell a joke to a crowd . but i have to admit that i only tell jokes that i've practiced before . kind of like giving a speech , i don't like to wing it . for me , i would say : warm and caring quiet reserved tactful funny aware of others considerate optimistic i'm still trying to understand why both of them were shot . my goodness ! what an amazing song . i was almost in tears after i watched the video though : crying : no wonder it's your current sad song . the cold never bothered me anyway ! so yeah , i like cold weather . although my favorite season is fall , not winter . i like the cooler nights , piles of leaves and dustings of snow . it's so refreshing ... lexierose this is my favorite reply to my post . i really appreciate you giving your thoughts . i don't think you could be more spot-on . as i was reading through i kept saying yeah ! that makes so much ... thanks ! i'm glad it's not just me . you're right about if it was my dog , it would probably hit home a lot more with my emotions . i know : crying : yeah , i really like kids , especially ones under 5 ! they're so darn cute and lovable . so you're probably right , it has more to do with your interests . thanks for you reply . that makes a lot of sense . and don't worry ! i wasn't going to turn in my isfj card or anything . i'm absolutely 100 % positive i'm an isfj :) so as an isfj , i have a deep care for people , how they're feeling and how i can help them . but when it comes to animals , i'm afraid that i'm cold-hearted . a couple months ago , my mom's dog ( the ... heck yeah ! this happens to me all the time . i'll have to pay attention to which one i listen to more :) slate harsh yup ! that's me and my mom . here is a link to play simon free online . basically , the computer will play a color pattern . you just have to repeat the pattern . each time you successfully repeat the ... that is so cool ! my mom is an intj and her instructions were usually pretty vague . in fact , there were even times that she would say can you go get the ' thing ' from downstairs and expect me to ... yup . this sounds pretty spot on to me . by the way bluekitdon that is one fantabulous avatar raawx i'm curious what you mean when you say someone can be esfp with enfp tropes . what are tropes ? i definitely agree with what others have said . isfjs want to be needed . if we feel like a relationship exists for our benefit , we're not happy at all ( at least in my experience ) . i'm not sure all the ... i feel you there ! my schedule can be booked and i still find myself saying yes to everyone i know :) http://caccioppoli.com/Animazioni%20segni/wel055.gif yeah , i guess so . i usually don't feel that way on the inside , but i probably end up being very composed and calm on the outside because i'm an isfj and all . sophi me too . i would love to be an author . i hope you get a chance to someday soon ! thanks ! okay . so in the past couple weeks , i've received an unusually large amount of compliments about how i'm level-headed , stay calm and make good decisions in stressful situations . frankly , these ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dN1enxA9NxE i've often wondered how accurate the population percentage statistics for mbti types are . for example my type is supposed to be the most common , accounting for 13.8 % of the population . i've only met ... wow ! that sounds like me . i've tried a daily schedule with time slots several times over the last couple years and it only lasts for a week or two . i inevitably fall behind my time slots and then ... sophi - are you a professional writer ? or do you do it as a hobby ? i think writing is so cool and i wish i could do it more . amazing song ! i've never heard it before and i love it . i like it . talk about sensible ! thank you ! that is very encouraging to hear . oh dear ! that is hilarious and sad all at the same time . i remember a time in one of my classes ( a pretty large one ) when my instructor made some announcements and asked someone to come up and ... btw , cool avatar ! thanks for the input . this is getting crazy ! * scary music starts playing * it doesn't sound like this is an issue with just a specific browser or anti-virus software . maybe there's a hacker on the ... yes , exactly ! i like being the go-to for people when they need help and support . when i'm feeling bad and accept help from someone else , i feel like i can't help other people now . i tend to ... this is interesting ! no , i'm not using avast . i am using firefox as my web browser ( has virus blocker add-ons ) and norton as my anti-virus software . lol about creeping on the intjs ! yeah , it seems like it works when i go the perc homepage , but it's when i try to access the isfj subforum that it tries to block it . welcome ! sounds like you're more educated than i am on mbti and enneagram :) glad to have you around because i ♥ infp's whatamigonnado ? say welcome ! glad to have you finally stop lurking and join the crowd ! * hug from brave internet surfer * '