' it made me go totally batshit insane the first time . after that i've been fine . i get bit nervous during the peak but i'm usually just fine after that it's reimu from touhou . guess it just reflects my general appearance and mood . ( not a girl tough , but i do have long hair ) she smokes , somewhat empty gaze and looks like she is bored . general gloomy ... a boot to the head as long as it's not just beating the living shit out of the kid just for the sake of it , it's okay . in moderate amounts . keywords , shitload of tabs . quantity over quality . i use keywords that are somewhat near the subject and see what i find . usually it reveals something else interesting too . usually just how to if ... i can't really pick one , most of them have happened while i was drunk anyway . the memories of them ain't exactly accurate either . i guess it would be something in lines of going to somewhere i've ... i do think out loud sometimes . it depends who i'm with and where . i'm not really always honest and tend to be manipulate too . depends on the situation tough . i respect honesty at the same time . it really doesn't make sense . could have something to do with my ... my purpose is to live and die . wake up go to school go home sit on the computer ( anime , youtube , chatting , whatever catches my interest ) go to sleep weekends i'm usually drunk in my room while listening to music at high ... i think it would be horrible since you have limited amount of choices . and if you don't feel satisfied with any of them , or if all of them end up killing you soon . something like that . haruhi suzumiya ore no imouto serial experiments lain those two came to me first . third one is the most important . i have watched it three or four times already . go watch it if you are thinking ... why do you want to be intj no . 10char they don't . i don't prefer either . do you watch anime ? if you do , what is your favorite series ? they're not i postpone things as much as i can . about writing essays .. i'm just going to go about my stuff normally until i have day or two left . only that i'm almost constantly thinking about ideas and how ... i'll have to start using this one this was important song to me , especially when i was younger , guess it still is . to some extent . there are a few others but this one was the first to pop into my head . i'm tired and don't want to ... the opposite of boredom have fun . 10char personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? manekineko or just plain neko . ( neko means cat in japanese ) - any nicknames ? in real life , yes * male / female / trans ? - male / trans , not ... jellyfish facinate me and i'm bit scared of them . i've never seen one in real life . i don't think i want to see one . mushrooms freak me out too , i love them as a food , but seeing them eww . scares ... making people angry is amusing . watching how they react to things and so on . it's not good for my social status and i have to watch out that i don't take it too far . guess the topic was about making ... i like text messages and i respond to them most of the time . if they are something worth responding to , like questions or so . i'm not sure about the part someone i don't know so well asking me to ... i would like to have my name changed to manekineko because quite few of my friends read these forums and i don't want them knowing what i say on the internet thanks i did not read the thread but in my opinion it depends on the person . you can't just say someone is not suitable for a relationship based on mbti type . it can give some advice , like what to expect ... not any real hobbies . i entertain myself in my free time by watching anime , browsing couple different forums , keep clicking the stumbleupon button in my browser and chatting with few people online ... it's impossible to say what exactly . guess music with lyrics i can relate to / or lyrics that are similiar to current mood . never been in love . i have had strong feeling towards someone , but i don't think it was love . . __ . 1 . ) geniuses - i'm not genious 2 . ) psychopaths - introverts 3 . ) no feelings - they are well hidden 4 . ) atheist - not every single intj , but i am one . 5 . ) cocky - yes 6 . ) not romantic - most of the ... yep . people always ask me why do you talk about yourself in 3rd person ? it's amusing and adds a bit of variety in my life . my life is usually pretty boring so i like to mix it up a bit . it's not ... melodic death metal , japanese music ( mostly vocaloid , touhou and trance etc ) , some trance and even some pop and instrumental . i'm going to list just a couple bands here : mors principium est ... do you make people go trough series of tests while trying to get to know them ? like finding if they're worth your time ? i mean like testing ability to notice sarcasm and other similiar tests . i ... i agree on the what about when you intimidate people by trying to be helpful and they take it as criticism ? part . i just don't get along with some people because of this . my friends know ... happy birthday from me too . i won't put any nice pictures here . it's too troublesome ( sorry ) . mors principium est - cleansing rain i think that you would need couple nt's and few sj's or sp's . every type has it's weaknesses and strengths . you are going to need a well balanced group of people if you want to take over the world . ... i'm also bored . someone suggest something for me ? actually , does anyone have ideas what to do when bored ? i was called the small , quiet , annoying emo kid . thats all . i'm listening to marilyn manson and i'm pretty tired . i slept for 11 hours today but i am still tired . on top of all shit , my head hurts like hell . i talk finnish and english my mother tongue is finnish . i only wear black . black tight jeans , black hoodie , leather jacket , black comfortable shoes . i also wear this black hat , but i don't know what it is called and i cant find a picture . its almost ... stargate ; it's the only tv - program i can watch without getting frustrated ( my english is shitty , forgive me ) i don't like any parties , so i don't celebrate about my birthday . just say it straight . make sure that the intj does not think you are joking . explain why you like her . she probably wants to know . this is my second post in here and i dont know what to tell about myself - i'm intj - i have been reading the forums for a while , but not posting - i hate christmas , the stupid songs and all - ... could relationship between enfp female and intj male work ? '