' have you ever considered it ? yes . in that cold practical way that intps conteplate everything . not many non-intps can accept that you can look at something horrific dispassionately to evaluate it ... https://i.ytimg.com/vi/xX0RmxWIGrU/maxresdefault.jpg my girlfriend is an enfj , and that f part is to an extreme . she literally talks and remembers feelings , emotion . not facts . almost never facts . she can say something to me , that i repeat back to ... 10 currently , often more , but then i usually have 3 or more ssh terminals open , each running screen with 5 more screens each , on 3 different machines other than the one i'm using . i don't have ... actually yes , they do have those things in common . regarding ' bossed around ' : no , no intp likes that . however , i think that how an intp tends to deal with a situation is often perceived as him being bossed around by others , including the one doing ... taken concretely , i don't agree with much of the book . but taken conceptually , i agree with it entirely . i see the impact of being able to love your partner in a way that they understand , they ... fumetsu you have exellent points there :) not all ti doms hate change though . i thrive on change . if you want to see me miserable and complaining , stick me in a stagnant environment i can't get ... we can be really positive . just ask us for how we would do it . if you want to see negative , give us someone else's method and ask us to find the problems with it . or don't ask , because will do ... i'm a social recluse , said the turtle , i'm looking for other social recluses to be social with face to face . file under inconsistency . i liken the mbti traits more to having a bunch of buckets , one bucket for each of the traits . life gives you sand to put in them , maybe a few ounces at a time , every event in life . with a few ... my intp sister said that the easiest distinction between j and p that she found was : the stronger your j , the better able you are to be proactive in your environment . the stronger your p , the ... see ? i mentioned this :) what is going on in the life of that real person at the moment a post or thread is created always impacts not only whether or not it is created , but the content within ... motorsports sees all sorts of crazy unlikely stuff to happen , often caught on video . other things start becoming entirely believable . a pair of examples that immediately come to mind : ... i think the article is one aspect of something that could be replicated . why introverts should fall in love with an extrovert why sensors should fall in love with an intuitor ( what are we ... some basic real rules of internet forums as they might apply to your threads : - if you post something , someone will disagree with it , someone else won't understand it - not everyone who reads a ... i remember one years ago ... y2k bug planted by russians . it still remains the hallmark tabloid headline in my mind . keep in mind , people that don't really have a good idea of who they are get imprinted by other people around them . this is hugely rampant in pre-adult years . i'd bet that a large number of those ... i'm glad someone pointed it out :) in a twisted logic way ... misspelled titles are one of the greatest attractions , because it's something we find repulsive that we can fix . i like being a ... the first several points are good , but pointing it out to him is a bad idea . i know you want to make sure he notices , but you won't need to point it out and pointing it out would seem like ... i didn't . it's not something i can easily pinpoint and say with clear definition , but for an initial flare of interest and connection , intps seem to generate that for enfjs and infjs rather ... that's quite a different question all together :) my opinion for that then is to look for an enfj or infj . while there are some types that work better than others , picking and choosing based on type across all types is just as prone to failure as picking and choosing based on intp . blunt honesty : no ... i've never found anything that works . only things that conceal how bad i am at it . that's a tragedy . :( i would suspect that what you felt with that wasn't actually accurate to reality . it was responding to a fabricated reality . unfortunately , that's the big trip-up possible , and i ... from my perspective ... there is another person inside my head . my great array of mentally spidering down possibilities no longer starts with a single root of me , it starts with a root of us . it ... honestly , the fog isn't a good sign . i know precisely what you mean by the ' fog ' . it's a word i have often used internally . it sounds like you could make it work with him , but the fact that you ... if i take over the world ... i'll have to manage it . sure . i only know some of the details of some of my enfj's past relationships . she will answer any questions i put to her about them , but frankly i don't care about them enough to go digging ... my enfj feels the same way . she is constantly expressing how strange but amazing it is that someone can approach a relationship completely different than anything she has ever been exposed to .  ... most non-intp atheists i have met display an extraordinary degree of emotional foundation for their atheism . i don't think intps have this same piece , and intp atheists might be the only true ... i do this . actually just did it on the phone when my enfj called while i was typing my response above and took a break from replying . she was in a crabby pissed off mood because of her roommate's ... dessertlife there is a lot of your story that resonates with me ( intp ) and my enfj girlfriend :) the short answer is : don't stress out about this , it's going good . the areas you are ... yup . definitely . i've slowly learned how to avoid the paralysis of drama-fear with my enfj , though much of it is just a matter of her really recognizing my small ways of affection ... and those ... yup , i totally agree . belief in and of itself is incredibly strong , how it is used is different from it's existance . not quite . you can have faith in science , for example , without ever actually ... something to consider , though i expect it will be rejected . :) there are laws that govern when chemical reactions occur that produce energy in the form of light . entirely science . where is the ... i am not an atheist or agnostic . however , i am not religious either . i have a set of beliefs that i have seen far too much evidence to ignore the existance and validity of . however , i entirely ... you aren't reading too much into it , you are understanding his attention . what you aren't understanding is how he is dealing with what he is feeling . he is struggling with what he is feeling more ... totally possible . but you have indicated consistently that a relationship with him is what you are looking for , or did look for , so that is what we are addressing . you came to a group of people ... sinister magick i think the basis of your conclusion is faulty . it assumes that romantic compatibility is something that is intrinsic to you , rather than intrinsic to the connection between ... chelon i believe that intps struggle with handling emotion in large part because of how when we do try to deal with them in the open as kids produces a painful reaction from those around us . it ... avoiding emotion , avoiding facing emotion , avoiding expressing it , avoiding being around it being expressed . intps make a habit of these things , a habit that is very very hard to overcome ( some never ... i personally have an extreme aversion to committing to anything unless i am 100 % solid on the accuracy of my information , my judgement of that information , and the conclusion i came to . however , once ... i don't mean to get all philosophical on you , but the level of your loneliness is essentially up to you . i don't mean that harshly , but rather as encouragement . that reaching out ... it is what eases ... no judgement here . it's really rough to deal with . you will find that peace though , and without burying it all . lonewaer and highsteaks rough . i've been there , though for a different reason ... ( # 2 in the questions ) and then coming to terms with the level of pain i had been hiding from . massive currents of ... we will all just be nobody together :) this is going to seem contradictory , suggesting being direct at them as well as avoiding that focus on them , but it really lies in the quiet but critical distinction for us ... when you want to ... this isn't going to work . i'd be as straight with them as possible , as gently as possible . if i can't do both of those , i'd prefer being blunt over being gentle . if they turned it into a big deal , ... most of my close friends share several deep interests with me , that's 4 people . i haven't really added too many friends in the last 20 years . finding other people that share enough of them to really ... '