' spreefirit warm greetings to you too ! * insert picture of cute rodent thing rolling around and apology for the lack of tech skills necesary to make that happen * not sure why , you chose to write ... windmill slam awesome post ! ! ! like , seriously , wow ! :D lots of good stuff ! so don't hop over to the intp forum just yet ! to paraphrase what i'm gathering from your analogies : the main ... such as ... ? and , istps , do you agree with the cryptic signals part before the pounce ? you guys are a straightforward bunch , so i doubt the signals are meant to be cryptic ... or are they ? oh , so that's what you kids call it these days ;) ( sorry for being of no help whatsoever ) why , thank you :) since my tried-and-true methods don't exactly work with istps , the only tools i have left for reconnaissance purposes are my googley eyes and my adorable guesses ... so , in other ... i think i read somewhere that istps like / need to feel needed , first of all , is this true ? and second of all , if it is , it seems like there could be an awful fine line between making the istp feel ... why do you get all mother hen on them ? i think the specifics are really helpful ; even if they're just based off of you personally , it's starting to help me formulate a general lens in which to view what he does and therefore how i should ... i wonder how many years of unsaid butthurt it took waif to get enough material to make this thread : tongue : that being said , a lot of it does really ring true , as long as you take out the ... thanks , this really helped put things into perspective ! but this whole ti-se dichotomy doesn't exactly make sense to me yet in terms of an istp in a possible relationship situation ... yes , you ... hmmm , an enfp adding fluffy emphasis ? well , i never ! ! ! : crazy : now that sounds a little more technical and emotionless istp to me ! heaven forbid there's an istp out there that's one of ... thank you ! that post is the culmination of quite a bit of head scratching on my part about istp behavior and subsequent thread-stalking about said subject , and i'm glad i could turn it into something ... i think i've forced all the istps to go into processing mode : cool : mission complete wow , i'm super sorry ! i bet that made your head hurt trying to read all that : blushed : hopefully the edit made it semi-ok , i'm still not good at paragraphing since i pretty much talk in one huge ... hi everyone ! confession : i've been lurking on this thread for a bit and soaking up all i can about you istps : th_wink : so now i think in order to make myself not ( well , less ) creepy , i came to the ... enfp female most : intj , istp , intp least : estj , estp , esfj as one of the many enfp's helplessly intrigued / baffled by an istp , i've been trying to read up as much as possible on the subject ( blame the si ) . i've read a lot of threads that give me pieces of the ... update : i tried telling him that even though we haven't hung out too much that i would really like to get to know him better so i invited him to my school's basketball game , but he just kind of ... alrighty , i guess it's go-time now , like glyphs said ! ! ! :D let me just find a wheelbarrow to carry around the gigantic balls i'll need for this one haha :P whew , time to be direct ! ! ! apolo - ... when you appreciate the kitteh smiley on here just a little too much lol : kitteh : is it possible to be too direct ? ? ? is it possible to come back from this ? ? like have i reached the point of no return ? ? too bad this one's already taken ... or else i'd even be tempted to swoop in on this random enfp lady too haha , kidding ! : kitteh : but seriously , she needs a trophy or something for being like the ... i'm not sure truegenius knew what she was getting herself into when she made this thread ... 262946 is it that time where we all kumbaya now ? phil - you know you like it :P cinnamon 83 - dawww , thanks * blushes * glad i could help ! * resumes supportive lezzing out , but even more intensely to make phil feel awkward * vacious - thanks for the insight :D first of all , congratulations on all the dates with beautiful ladies haha ! you little ladies man , you ! do you have any idea why you just seem to attract all these ... ok , now that i know she's an enfp , let me get a little more detailed and hopefully give you some perspective . the fact that she is copying you so much means that she absolutely adores you and thinks ... is your enfp best friend the one you were mentioning on the thread about imitating ? ? ? funny you should bring that up because i was just looking at that thread and i was like , wow , this person who's ... why does it make you annoyed to be imitated ? yeah , she's imitating you and it's lame , but i think you need to pinpoint what it is about her imitating you that bothers you . because imitation isn't a ... totally fine , don't worry about it haha :) i could definitely see where it could be misleading and i'm sorry that i got your blood pumpin ' a little bit with the first post lol :P should i just tell him outright that i think he's really interesting and cool and that i'd like to get to know him better ? or would that be creepy of me and scare him off ? ? i don't really see him around unless i randomly bump into him on campus ( we go to the same school ) ... and if texting is a snooze-fest for you guys , then how do i get to know him better ? like i feel ... # 1 : i don't really refuse to do much , whether out of fear or out of anything . i like to dive in head first and then see what happens . if nothing else , it'll probably make for a good story . # 2 : the ... sorry you feel this way , but i think a lot of your opinions are unfounded . i apologize for coming off as i did . unfortunately i left out as much detail as i could to keep it short and sweet for the ... 1 . sentence length : realll long ... i'm pretty sure my conversations are all just one long run-on sentence . i dance around the subject for a little bit while my brain catches up to my mouth and ... check out this thread , it's really entertaining and can help you a lot in terms of being able to recognize the types . enjoy :D ... enfp here :D infp best friend : i call her mini-me because we're pretty much the same person . we view the world the same way and we connect on so many different levels . i can be shallow and fluffy ... hahahahaha ! i know , right ? ! he's giving you guys a bad name :P but unfortunately , yes , i'm sure ... my dad's an istp so i know how to spot ' em sorry i wasn't super clear about that ! oops ! he's not the one with a girlfriend , i was referring to guy i like talking about his roommate and his roommate's girlfriend 261770not sure how this is an uninteresting and unimportant thread haha ... ! but then again , i don't think it's possible to have an uninteresting and unimportant thread if we enfp's have anything ... hey istp's ! i just wanted to get the inside scoop from you guys ! ! ! i've done as much research as i can , but i want some answers from actual istp's ! so enfp here , and i've hooked up with this istp ... now that we've gotten that out of the way ... let's be civil about talking about what we don't like about the other types lol :P so the thing i've found with pretty much every description for mbti types is that they highlight all the good parts about each type and then stop there . with as much class as we can muster , can we ... i agree , totally useless and not cool or fun to use at all lol :P tanstaafl 28 but is there really some ne bashing going on ? ? haha ! fortunately it's not ! i was just like , hmm my audience for this question is going to be enfp's so might as well have some fun with it ! * insert fictional dog-kidnapping sequence * lol but yeah ... so i was looking at the ' passive aggressive ' thread and it made me wonder how all you enfp's deal with people-related problems ! whether it's the hairstylist giving you a really ugly haircut , your ... i'm not sure if we're actually passive aggressive or if , as perceivers , we just wait for more information to come in before we handle a problem . i personally have to eliminate every single ... i think that's the best how did you guys meet story i've ever heard ! what a great little coincidence :D oh and are you sure he wasn't just trying to steal your phone lol ... and pillow fights lol dawilliams - solid advice ! you disagreed with the suggestion i made to just go out and find another dude , which i think needs some more explanation . since i have zero real-life experience with intj's ... '