' have any of you seen the harry potter posts here ? http://enneagramcentral.com/Explore/Harry1.htm ( see also harry2.htm and harry3.htm ) i found them a while ago and thought they were ... just because you use words like all comes down to , foundational and fundamental doesn't mean that you actually have an unopposable , just nature's messenger argument . it's spurious ... my mother is an intp , as is my ( sort-of ) boyfriend . far too much intp . i usually get on like a house on fire with infjs and have managed to retain a couple of them in my life despite their rarity ... yes , i meant she's the one who's stuck herself in the vulnerable situation ( though not that she's necessarily the only one ) . it's taken me a few days to answer this because dating tips aren't ... i'd say yes , or at least not unusual . you're sticking yourself in a vulnerable situation ( shit ! i've said too much ! ) and giving yourself a whole new gamut of possibilities to consider , i . e . now ... i agree . as a fictional character he might be written not completely consistently to an mbti type , but still , i think definitely intp . i sort of see why people say istp ( though i don't really ... well , well done for being a troll . we need someone round here to dupe stupid people into thinking you're being an obnoxious prick when , actually , you're being , err ... it was a good long post ... your whole post sounds like you've absorbed a load of ideas from , i don't know , trying to get off with women in bars etc ? perhaps not actually that , but generally coming face up against a ... er , 5w6 . based on initial instinct backed up by the fact that you are 5w6 and have based your username , avatar and signature on him , and you're starting this thread , from which i assume that you ... search me . my friends by and large seem to regard this tendency in me as an amusing foible or cause for exasperation . perhaps because they don't see the necessity to dwell on everyday things - how ... well , i'm not that new to it - i started looking at it about the time i joined perc , so january , but then i was away for a while so though it's been ticking over in my head i've not spent months ... i've been trying to work out my tritype and have been considering this ( as 548 , maybe 584 ) , but i'm not sure how to establish this as the case - feel like i need more information and can't be ... why did the man fall off his bicycle ? because someone threw a fridge at him . first anti-joke - or actually perhaps less of an anti-joke than just a complete-non-sequitur-joke - i ever heard and ... first memory : age 2 or 3 , having chicken pox and my mother and her friends leaning me over the arm of the sofa so they could point at spots on my back and ooh and ahh about how big they were . sorry , double post . erm , i'm not really involved as such in any fandoms , but i do find fiction and being a fan of it very interesting . i went to watch some of a tv programme being filmed , partly because i was just ... true ! irritating when people make philosophy ( as i've noticed , probably other things too ) so much more complicated than it would be if you just swished through saying , this is all words ! stop ... if you could know one thing that it is , as far as we know , impossible ( or very highly improbable ) to know , what would it be ? e . g . about the future , the nature of the universe / the human condition , ... yes , i've thought the same thing - learning why i exhibit certain negative traits was quite thrilling ( if that's the word ) , and i worried that it might become a justification . you could possibly ... i intuitively agree that this would be a preferable method of thinking , but does the fact that you perceive lack of critical thinking , which is something you value ( perhaps most highly ) in yourself , ... when i was at school my friend went through a phase of trying to get me to shout , because she'd never heard me do so . she kept demonstrating in the corridors and telling me how easy it was - i ... everyone here seems a lot messier than me ... i wonder if i'm a secret j . no , probably not . i hate mess because i hate losing things , and i like having clear floor space to walk around ( especially ... you're welcome . also , i think that emotional coldness and sexual apathy can be to do with introversion - not inherently , perhaps , but as a reaction to feeling an outsider or a disconnection with ... this post reminded me of a blog post i read a few months ago on a website called the kingdom of introversion . here : introversion and schizoid traits « kingdom of introversion . he ( the writer of ... while i agree that nihilism does not equal or entail depression , i'm not sure i agree that intps are less likely to get depressed . i am sure that some - including you - engage with stuff in the way ... are all intps plagued by doubts as to whether they are true intps ? from the thread about imposter intps , and this , it seems so . i for one only looked into my type a few months ago , initially did a ... i was thinking that , but then maybe she likes having the thread all to herself . if it were in the intp section other people might get in on the act . so perhaps : you know you're an intp girl when ... ah , me too - the doctor , for the reasons you've said and because it makes me happy to see the eleventh doctor succeeding being brilliant in the way that i would be brilliant , were i so . what seems ... yes , thatx 92s possibly a cause , with the x93opportunitiesx94 being non-specific , vague ideas . stage-by-stage planning could be a help actually for some things - not something i'd tend to think of , so ... one of the big things that bothers / fascinates me is , what do people do , and how do they live ? i don't mean as a job , but in spare time , where you ( presumably ) consciously decide what to do . it ... and you still feel aggrieved about that slight decades later . - feeling horrified / vaguely contemptuous when you hear about someone who showers twice a day . don't they have better things to be ... i think they change sometimes , but not a lot , nor in a fashion such as you might expect declining nouns to . but then i haven't got the puzzle right yet , so listen to someone who knows better if they ... having had a look at other people's offerings it seems i was right in my first two sentences ( which i posted last page but have since edited out ) though mathematician seemed to imply that i wasn't ... hm , so were my english -> waanyi translations alright ? or do you mean look over the first three sentences of the story to see where i've gone wrong ? just realised i can't sent a private message until i get to 15 posts , so will type my answer here ( in white ) and then edit it out once you've responded . probably haven't got it quite right yet but ... i've been at it for about half an hour - i think it's slowly coming together , perhaps . fun puzzle , anyway . a ) i often get really anxious after communicating with people that are important / potentially important to me . if i've had me fe out , as it were , when my ti gets a look in it tends to panic me and ... so many people here run their hands along walls too . i thought i was the only person , i've never seen anyone else do it . presumably an intp thing , for some reason . ( why ? ) backfired on me in ... i'm not , nor do i look , very feminine at all . i'm actually very pleased that i seem to have evaded a lot of gender-based socialisation habits and just go about as i wish . what's tiring is people ... oh , and it wasn't a situation where there was any sort of apology required , nor is it something that as a specific event still bothers me . i was just wondering about generally learning about stuff ... i pretty much jumped backwards from the screen when i saw that ! i think that perhaps you're right - i notice now that i haven't really had many overreactions like that in the past few years , not with strangers at least , but i have been spending more time alone of ... you are probably right , i do suspect that i'm an intp after all . i hope i don't actually almost completely lack fi , that sounds like a b ad thing to lack , but i do have quite a poor self-defence ... do not think by the title that i mean to say that introverts can't easily be good people . i'm very much an introvert and consider myself quite a good sort . what i want to ask is related to ... hmm , thanks for your reply . i have been accused in arguments ( i . e . a form of stress ) of always trying to explain my emotions by making them into logical processes and not just accepting them . but ... i don't know if i'm an intp or an infp . i think this might be partly because i recognise traits of them both in me , and partly because i think it's illogical to ignore feeling , that feeling / emotion ... '