' warf from startrek ? get off of this ! go nao ! :) counselor troy from startrek . i've met a couple , by watching them . you may mistake some of them for other types , because some people can be quiet and appear introspective , when they are actually just retarded and totally ... i'll say something different , than i assume my brothers have , not to speak a certain truth , but to broaden the view . i bet you think he's controlling , yet you are also trying to control the ... if something tells you it's not working , then it's not . you can trust the feeling , and break up with the person , or do what you are bound to do and dwell on it until you find reasoning behind your ... ah .. that's too bad . now it will look like infj's have a specific beef with another personality , and we'll look non accepting .. unusually judgmental , and non empathetic . good . herd them like cattle , ... train yourself to be able to get hit in the face , by not getting hit in the face . good story , don't block with your face next time . :) i'm sorry that people are so ignorant , and attain meaning in their life by causing battles with our peoples . they have nothing beneficial to offer ... i said capable ... you have the ability .. the capability .. i think you are amazing ! because you have the capability .. and like those who have done .. who are amazing .. in whoever eyes , they are equal ... rouge , he got tired of dealing with people with problems perhaps .. or developed naturally into the way he is , avoiding the helping people stage . he strives to better himself still , but not at the ... kalina , you are that amazing , because your'e a person capable of acts . acts similar and considered more worthy of being on film . you can give a better explanation if you explain your feelings in ... frustration the girls are crazy first of all , and either i'm attracted to them , or they are attracted to me . but hey , i'm only 23 .. i'm sure i'll find a non nutter and bone her . and she will be hot , and or very ... i love you . i believe you . this movie has too many subtitles . how did it end ? i confront people too ... online . this constant self exploration..self/world/same all of you are doing .. yeah have fun . it won't stop . it's your coping mechanism to deal with the world ... who is you ? i drew a girl a flower once , and left it on her desk i bought a girl a flower once and had it delivered to her at school , when i was in school of course too . neither of them knew i gave them ... you infj's type too much . i'm allergic to two sentences in a row that aren't my own . evil eh . a frustrated mind would seek to push them totally into the dark side to limit the shades of gray . you struggled against what was , on the quest to achieve ideal situations , one where you can ... there's a european country full of infj's ! ? lets go . pearl , describe your problem . don't beat around the bush with generalities . sick of that shit . open up and be done with it . or i'ma ... ! we're not rare ? ! after i take you out ... we ... mf ... lawlsk why are you people still even talking . stfu before you get to arguing with people . i stopped coming here , then i see conflict .. and feel the need to tell you this . thank you , that is all . i love you cbelle : laughing : i r gud infj . even when i cause pain o_o how could hitler be an infj ? you know all those judgements you have .. now think if you were to think you were above others instead of just different because you notice things they don't . and all ... i do freefall , cause i masterbate strange like , and then just go to sleep in my filth . i mean wha . amazon.com : higher observations (9780557241 071 ): ian oliver : books i mean my book does . amazon.com : higher observations (9780557241 071 ): ian oliver : books my book does . i wear red shirts and haiti bracelets ! ! because thought is prayer ! and prayer is hope ! : laughing : meaning .. i thought i said something about that . are some people selectively reading to maintain a belief that keeps their fragile minds stable ? answer is yes :) if you prescribe to one belief , and ... are you asking me ? should i even reply to this .. i'm thinking not . who's a columbia , and why should i care . who's a haiti and why should i care . i see the dog on the street and i stare , because he's there , thin with matted hair . and feel more .. because i can ... that's like saying i don't give a damn about my mother when i cuss her out , don't give her hugs , and don't say i love you when i hang up on her . house could grow to be apathetic about certain parts ... religion is programmed . convince the wild eagle that a mouse in a field isn't food . i wouldn't try unless testing the eagle . i don't care , like when 911 happened , didn't care . they make it out like i should .. but i don't initially . when the news feeds roll in i listen more , and thus care more through exposure . i didn't ... someone trying to steal ideas for television show success ! o i'm on to you o_o because the tiniest sound can cause large ripples . and for those who live in their minds , shit , has been disrupted . at times i've wished i didn't know english at all . i'll take her from you . don't move at all . :) you're dealing with it just fine . how else do you deal with a retard , besides cutting them off , fuckem . they'll get the point in their own way , because they sure as hell don't understand intellect . son 456789 i must be aware of that which i love , an awareness given through time and contact , not necessarily conscious cognition of the subject , to love , unless i love an aspect .. but an aspect ... isn't you , ... your titles mean jack to me . speaking of jack .. i should sleep after i do so . this place is far from the rest of the world , and i could tell you a few other things that may ease you into expressing yourself , but you said you're a hypnotherapist amongst other things . so maybe ... i said she , your mother . why am i even in this forum topic . damn . then you must like people lying to you as well . there is honesty in the asshole , and that is the attractive quality . and heartly , you're hott . korvyna , sounds like she took offense and was caught off guard indeed . i don't know heartly , i think thems fightin words . korv , perhaps your parent chooses to go along with the manipulation , sees it , and accepts it . there are many forms of persuasion . 1 , 2 , 1 , 2 , ... i mean , on here , state your issue . the real issue , without me having to pry it out further . now , do it . '