' i've come to realize how often i resort to imagining violent circumstances and imagery in relation to people who make me upset . granted , there are only a handful of topics that * really * set me off ... i'm the type of person to fake my own death just to get a person to leave me alone . mainly because i'm also too socially awkward to just say exactly what i think or feel ... or , when i do , i fluff ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOKukkEck8&list=RD-_Y2jfK06pY&index=5 favourite female artist at the moment . i think the problem is that sex has been approached as something entirely physical ; removed from love , and mental / spiritual connection . i myself do not think there is an issue with sexual liberation , ... shit in my life is getting really weird . like , i think i have a high tolerance for odd people , lifestyles , and situations ... but even for me , this is just a bit much . you know how people get ' alarm ... it's sort of difficult to say when i have no other dream experience to compare it to ... like how do i know what separates my dreams from most peoples ? well , i will say that when i tell another my ... yeah , i like your theory . it does make sense ... especially what you said about blood being the essence of life , and a primal part of ' being ' . upon further reflection , i think my attraction and ... yeah , i've seen it suggested that the reason women may get menstrual cramps is to tell them to slow down , and relax , during their menstruation , and to hopefully rest . the thing about resting is ... not to , uh , get too personal or nosy here - but if your period started today , then you're synced really well with the moon ... which is rare for women today . you would be on the white moon cycle ... i also posted this in a 4 thread , but i kind of want to post it here as well in case any infp's can relate ( i'm hoping someone else experiences this as well , and can perhaps shed some insight on why ... it's weird but , i romanticize blood . i don't know how to describe it ... but i find blood very beautiful and sexual . simultaneously ( and perhaps a bit paradoxically ) , i do not like physical violence ... there has always been something about the approach to female sexuality in today's society that has really , really rubbed me the wrong way ... i could never quite put my finger on what it is , or how to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8D8qVUh_c4 memories ... used to listen to this song on repeat . steel i feel really scared and alone . i wish i just stayed in my bubble where it was safe . i get that people are always praising youthful faces , which may mean having a bit more fat / collagen in cheeks ( it's one reason people start to look older in time , they tend to lose collagen and fat ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKiLEgAzFDQ&t=70s transcendent . girl , i do the same thing ! i get so much flack for it ... my dad's family is all about appearing ' proper ' , and one time i was in my pajamas and an over-sized plaid shirt in the middle of the day and ... i tell him my sense of self-worth is entirely based on my appearance ... how does he respond ? not by telling me i have other good qualities ... not by saying he appreciates me intellectually . nope .  ... i'm so grateful for you ... you don't even know . you write out exactly what i'm feeling . what you said about calling yourself an asshole , and simultaneously smiling at it , and feeling gross about it , ... at this point , my reason for existing is twofold : beauty and art . literally nothing else matters to me . i want to create art . and to be art . uhh ... i think you're forgetting someone there , frienderino . 716921 do people ever become famous / appreciated for their drawings ? i feel as though it's always for painting ... but i enjoy drawing / sketching infinitely more than painting ... painting is so much more ... thank you . :) although to be honest , i don't even feel disgust over having these particular traits ... i've just realized that everything i value in life and want for myself is very physically focused ... is it weird that i somehow knew you were blonde ? like , i just felt it . i know what you mean though , i naturally have light ash brown hair , and dye it red . the funny thing is that people think ... double post fun facts about me : - i'm extremely shallow - i'm not a nice person - everything i do is to serve myself - i will probably die alone https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OQ99ROFlCk i don't want to judge what's in your heart but if you're not ready for love how can you be ready for life ? fucking hits deep . you just articulated everything i never could . i wish i could identify as an alien ... seriously . it would help to relieve me of the nagging guilt that i'm not a proper human . i constantly look ... i think you're right , lakigigar ... they can't explain or understand us , so they invent a fancy label to brand us with . in a world of sameness , they can't make sense of the idea of individuals who are ... thanks again for taking the time to reply , and for caring enough to try and help me gain some clarity on this issue . to be honest though , i'm realizing that every reason i'm providing for why he ... i think what incites more anger and hatred in me than anything is the disconnect between what i know to be true in my heart , and what the rest of the world believes and preaches . it's not just ... golden candle i should add that my uncertainty is not a case where i wonder if there's someone better for me ... it's a case where it's between him , and no one . and i'm not sure which is the one that ... if anyone dislikes you , they must be operating on one small thing rather than looking at the entirety of who you are as a person , because you have sooo many wonderful traits … too many to allow you ... hey , no worries , i sincerely hope everything is alright . <3 pm me if you ever need someone to talk to / rant to ... i'm always happy to listen ( read ? ) . if you read all of my posts , you would know that my reason for looking down upon those who act as beasts is exactly because i do not think it is their true nature . i know they can do better , and am ... when i play devil's advocate , i make it relatively apparent that i am not ' all in ' with the mindset , but rather challenging the information presented for the sake of growth and consideration . i doubt ... group think ... mob mentality ... etc . one of my least favourite things about society . we need more critical thinkers and free thinkers . it's the followers who are responsible for the bad in the world , ... yes , you're right that man is in a constant battle with his natural impulses . if you've ever read the bible you would know that that is what the beast is , and that 666 is the number of man ... even ... not if they wake up . i'll clarify something : i can forgive and even understand someone who does fucked up and selfish things , but knows that what they're doing is fucked up and selfish . if they can ... mmm , if ' we're ' all beasts , then i am not a part of the ' we ' . so , yes , perhaps everyone else is a beast , and i'm living in some sort of test of spirit ... some matrix , or sadistic game . but i know ... i seriously hate today's society so much . i'm tired of making excuses for everyone else and saying they just don't know better or they're good people deep down . no . i'm fucking sick and tired of ... like a heartless bitch . forsaker isn't too dark ! ( i read your edit thing , and gave it a listen ... it's really good ! ) . also , you're totally right about four sometimes being about getting real and ' gritty ' ( good word choice ) ... thank you so much , you really have a knack for making people feel not only ' better ' , but actually accepted and understood ... i appreciate that so much . i hope you're right about these not being ... you shouldn't feel left out ... i can usually relate to your posts quite strongly . i can relate to the feeling of almost being part male and part female from a mental perspective ( if we're operating ... i hope you're alright , and that things continue to improve for you . your ability to stay strong and positive through such a scary situation is extremely admirable , as is the fact you stuck to your ... like i've really fucked up . i'm caught between a rock and a hard place . yeah , you're not wrong . he does try to help me grow by pushing me out of my comfort zone . he's probably better than anyone i've ever met at actually getting me to do things . and i'd like to think ... you're so right , and what you said about the pressure of the alternative being the only alternative .. damn , so fucking true . i got fired yesterday and was told that it's just ' not a good fit ' for me ; ... '