' 1 . bison or a flying bison . 2 . graduated college or employee of the month . 3 . incredible internal gps . like in baseball sometimes you need to throw the ball in a hurry and you don't look where ... i don't get along with esfj and estj women . this is true . and girls find me creepy because of it . but once i talk with them one on one then they like me . age : 27 gender : male ethnicity : white personality trait you are proudest of : super dependable ( best guess ) profession : judge hobby you most identify with : puzzles country of origin : usa ... nothing against enfp women , but this is going to be tough . a long distance relationship is easy for an istj but i don't trust any other types . i expect her to have a fling while over there . she ... your right ! i don't know how i missed it before but i have a sister esxp and it sounds like something she would do . i didn't want to say anything because i don't know her and he might know her ... this thread is old . i still have my old female roommate's wedding bouquet and a dozen roses in my room . she likes to dry them out upside down . she and her husband got up and moved to new york and ... i don't know what you're talking about . most infps are excellent writers . many infps are journalists , authors , and english teachers . [ / quote ] my brother is an infp and he writes with different ... esfps are fun . esfjs are mean . if you are an istj and you don't know who is on mt rushmore then you need help . my mom who is an estj doesn't know basic trivia like this . never in a relationship with one . my girlfriends have been estj , isfj , and infj . isfj has been the best so far . since nobody is talking , i'll bring up my newest relationship with an exfp . this girl came down for my brother's girlfriend's birthday party . she was definitely looking for some fun , and since i ... reading this makes me like enfps even more than i already do . i don't know anything about this guy , seems weird . no girl ever asks me out . i like to do everything and talk about everything . i like fashion if it's something i'll wear . i have a tough time doing something i'm not good at , like tennis , underwater hockey . me too . here's my latest story , just happened on thursday . this is from christian mingle where thegood girls are supposed to be . i messaged her a few times , she gave me her number . i set up a date for ... is another enfp with a very successful relationship with an istj who posts here a lot . also is married to an istj . but i appreciate the plug , you know i do love you ... i stay away from all emotional talk . it's kind of like treading in shark infested waters . i hardly ever have emotions so i'm not comfortable talking about them . i like to talk about things i know ... the basic example i use for i or e is this : when you get home from a long trip , do you call up your friends and tell them that you're back and to hang out ? or do you go to your house and stay there ... this is exactly when i cry . the worst day of my life was when i muffed a punt return in a playoff football game that dramatically changed the game scenario . we lost and i cried uncontrollably . you ... i don't know what type , doesn't matter . he likes you , but do you like him ? i think it's interesting that there is a very popular istj-enfp relationships blog in the istj forum , but if you go into the enfp forum , there is hardly anything about istjs . the only one that seems ... this is pretty funny / ridiculous / idealistic . this might work in an ideal world , but this isn't real at all . you haven't had real breakups if you think this can happen . maybe after a long time when ... i couldn't agree more with yardiff bey . i've gotten a few dates on plenty of fish and christian mingle but never a second date . i wouldn't even call them dates . i wish women would look at them as ... well it's more of an sj temperament song . things i'll never say by avril lavigne . that's the only one i know . i don't know about the rhythm part . but i do know that if i am going to dance , then i want to be the best one out there . i'm the same way . i'm even more demanding . there can't be any children . i don't think i could pursue anyone two years or older , older than me . why would i date someone 32 when i could get someone 22 . [ quote =d atmbtiguy : 3868677 ] agreed with infx and probably type 1 or 4 i'd say . sensitivity and a cry-prone reactions to stimulus are things that , as i understand , are not at all common among us istj ... do you have any istj friends ? i'm here because i am trying to figure out if we get along . i have an aunt and sister in law esfjs that i can't stand for most of the time . dear esfp in-laws , why do you talk crap about me to your significant other when i can clearly hear you . i'm in the same room . i would never do this to you . istj i am a lot like that guy . so that makes me immature to you people . i have the exact same views . i know that relationships have some bumps that can be worked through , but most can't . i can fall in and ... i can understand how we compartmentalize things . in relationships , i need to feel that both parties are putting in equal effort . which hardly ever happens . i break up like that . it's better than hearing nasty criticism or clichéd breakup lines . sounds like she doesn't want to see you again ; she's moved on . more of a girl problem than a personality situation . i challenge myself all the time , especially my intuition . there are certain situations that i see the easy istj answer , but i'm like today i'm going to follow my gut , - which is very nerve wracking ... my memory is also very good . i usually can remember every basketball / football / baseball / track meet that i played in growing up , especially if a great play happened in it . all of my friends knew this ... it might be typical for the fact that he can't go on living knowing someone doesn't like him , and he wants to make it better . but it's definitely not normal to stay hang out friends . as soon as one ... growing up in an educated christian home , my three brothers and i had pretty close to the same views on premarital sex . the intp , infp , and istj are still virgins or are married , but our little esfp ... definitely not a group date . he won't ever talk , except for a random fact he finds interesting . i like to do everything for dates , but in high school i liked more of a seclusion date , like a walk etc . i am most like tealfootball . i have always had a problem with the term crush . to me love / crush are the same thing , or better described as high infatuation during a short period . there has been at ... if my name is being printed for professional use , i use kenneth . i introduce myself as ken and newspaper articles usually shorten it to ken naturally . i do not go by kenny at all anymore , except ... i like the fountainhead better . mainly because i relate more to roark than any of the atlas characters . even though i am probably a clone of eddie willers . i also liked the roark / dominique ... i lived with a female istj / isfj and i could never keep a conversation with her . i don't think she is an isfj because i dated one before and she's nothing like her . i would say it's not a good match , ... i have been trying to date my first enfp . it has not worked well . she gave me her number without me even asking for it . i called her and set a date . when the date came up she said she had back ... miller how do you know he's an istj ? it almost seems like a lot of guys are getting clumped into my group . if he is an istj , then all i can say is that our group can vary a lot . me , personally , ... i like to play sports mainly . but i also watch movies and i have rated each one . my total is at 1,952 . i like doing 3d puzzles . i collect bicentennial quarters . ( so if anyone has some i'm ... i am a die hard objectivist . figures since i'm a type 1 . my intp brother told me to read the fountainhead when i was in college , and it has since been my favorite book ( i read it in 4 days ) . it ... i don't know what any of this means . from what i gather , you two seem pretty young . i have never been drunk . i never drank at parties growing up or at college . i do drink the occasional beer at a bbq or when my esfp brother is in town . '