' since everyone is shitting on see's ti to make their point here , let's have a pop at sle's fi . they're usually utterly oblivious to how they hurt others ' feelings and in their worst moments they ... if i'd never seen you before i'd guess iei some infj vibes there , but close enough . figure i'm liking the see-fi desc , i mistakenly think i'm good at te all the time , feels like a kick to the ego lmao . and the shit about interactions with ili-te sounds like conversations i have with ... this is how i'll always imagine isfps because we're normies who are just too fucking cool to act like it . 706610 dunno if it's something you can really correlate , but i can see why ixfjs might be super social for introverts . for what it's worth i usually fall somewhere in the middle of i / e , probably cuz i ... the fact you managed to write that much in such a simply themed thread immediately suggests ne-si lmao . yeah you're infp . never seen you before but i guessed istj . so yeah , good enough . did you just make this up or is it actually based on something ? what the fuck is going on ? ? dude , being a sensor is the dopest thing . fully immersing yourself in the real world around you and appreciating life for every single visual , auditory etc etc . experience it has to offer ... nothing ... it started out with a post , how did it end up like this it was only a post it was only a post i feel responsible for this . do i know you from discord or something ? :P uh , what part of fi dom needs explaining ? the person who made this thread seems pretty set on their type . luckily for you , the whole world is not gays . it's probably not even 10 % . so no one's dying out . if you're concerned about people not having kids , i'd start with the straight people choosing not to ... plenty of gay people are born to two straight parents . and straight people are born from a gay parent . so i don't know what you're trying to say . i know . i know this too . i've read some stuff about younger siblings being more likely to be bi / gay , too . would make sense for me because my mum had two children before me ( one male , one female ) . not sure how accurate that ... we don't know why people are born gay . the best evidence we have , so far as i know , is exposure to hormones in the womb . genetics may or may not be involved . my point is , there's no evidence to ... biology also made lots of people not want to do that , so hey , that's just how it is . people are gonna keep being born gay and having gay sex regardless of what our bodies were made to do . so you may ... mr . peanutbutter from bojack is a total esfj ( fe all over the place ) , but some type him as an enfp or esfp . easy to forget that esfjs are often bouncy , fun loving people when your only exposure is to ... alone for a long time makes me depressed , lonely and anxious , because i hate being wholly left alone with my thoughts ( unless i'm feeling really emotional and need to be left alone to deal with it ) ... no kidding . i've pretty much never received hate for my type , beyond being a dreaded sf . doesn't seem like isxps are either favoured or disfavoured . we're just sensor counterparts to likely the most ... when will the gods stop your sinful typing fingers just found this post from 2012 . i cannot emphasise how much i've changed in five years lmfaooo . i swear a lot , talk openly about sex and willingly disagree with people and stand my own ground ... they correlate to behaviour , but they don't cause it . because i'm describing behaviour instead of thought , of course none of the functions actually correlate to behaviour because it's literally just thought and perception . but that's way too abstract ... auxiliary se is less thrill-seeking than dom se . your se serves fi , so it gathers information for your fi to evaluate . it's pretty typical of us to decide whether an action is really in line with ... when staying inside all day makes you antsy as fuck despite being an introvert , because you need to take in that sweet physical stimulation and outside is the best place to do it . i mistyped as infp because sensor descriptions are awful and i mistook the ability to delve deep in thought for ne . sounds like we have similar music taste , i'll link a few from my running playlist . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGEFTt_ETvk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5pWlAAnUFQ ... i'm not going to give you a description of each type , because that's what online articles ( and this website's threads ) are for . what most people mistake about 6 is thinking that they're anxious ... my favourite analogy of type 6 is that it feels like everyone in the world was given a book detailing exactly how life works ... except you . and you're stumbling through life pretending to know ... it's cunting unacceptable 4w3 > 6 > 9 first time i've seen you ( seems odd with the cafe legend status ) but yeah sure . you have some enfj vibes but i can see the fe dom . can confirm , dicks are just magnetized to my face . maybe i'm sure we used to talk on here years ago . or maybe it was someone with your name . anyway , i think you come across as someone really chill . willing to hear people out and chat with them about ... huh , maybe . didn't have you pegged as an istp but from my experience they're not nearly as easy to spot as intps . so fair play to you . damn this guy is the nicest intp i've ever met yeah i often pick up totally irrelevant information and miss the main point . i'm bad at interpreting something's message or any meaning it's supposed to convey . i was always terrible at english ... silent treatment is such a ridiculous thing . does this happen often ? does she communicate the issue with you afterwards ? i used to get silent treatment for up to a week u200bfrom my ex . neither i nor my ... sick of people not taking me seriously . talking about my feelings is not an invitation to make fun of them . it's dumb as fuck that people even think that's acceptable in any situation . even more so , ... edgy on the inside but in practice always ends up blending in for the sake of being agreeable . feels like their inner self and the person they present to the world are two completely different ... probably right in front of you . most intuitive types are more than capable of blending into a totally normal life . often don't even feel like they have to make a serious effort to do so . i don't ... living in the moment is a big deal for me . i don't like thinking of all the hundreds of possibilities ; in fact it makes me pretty anxious . i can't make accurate judgements about what might happen , ... representin ' intj , a pretty content and self aware one . could totally see you as a 6w7 or 7w6 . you're a bit too chill to be a head type but you can give off the impression sometimes . sx / sp maybe . your tritype is spot on though . i feel like i'd fit better into a troupe of superheroes . think like guardians of the galaxy , avengers , old era overwatch . i always fancied myself a sniper . hidden from sight , not consistently and ... 1 . infp 2 . i'm a bit of a daydreamer , sensitive beneath a confident exterior and easily see the ' melancholic artist ' image in me . 3 . realising how attuned i am to sensory details ( not necessarily ... '