' fantastically well-written . thank you ! omg ! ! is it me you are talking about ? ! whoah ... that apparently hit straight into your fi . sorry about that . i empathise . did i spell that right ? dont blame your loniliness on your underdeveloped fi . further , underdeveloped intjs need henchmen to rule the world . you arrive at a conclusion that you want more friends . you analyse your circle of friends in a chart and build a strategic plan for getting more friends based on the result . thanks a lot . a fantastic explanation . seems like i am infp after all ... very interesting input . the conflict itself is not necessarily that bad . it can actually be quite thrilling . however , what scares me is what conflicts can lead to . by the years i have been more and ... no , i'm not like that . i strongly dislike the last 20 % of anything i am supposed to do . often i post here in the forum without proof reading what i have written . however , i am very perfectionistic ... already mine :-) thanks all . turns out she is a healthy 3 ... any opinions on that ? should i still , run ? muchaparadox please someone research this area with real eye tracking devices . cannot believe it is not akready ongoing . imagine how mich money could be made in recruitment or other areas of psychological ... a girl that is ! is there anyone who could let me know what to expect from an istp with the enneagram type 8 ? i am also obsessed with my looks . i am also obsessed with others ' looks . i have a hard time seein beyond looks and i tend to idealise and read things into people based on their looks . i have recently ... yes ! that is exactly what i think of myself . i am very disappointed every time life proves me differently based on objective measurements . i find myself very attractive . didnt mean to generalise . rather i am interested in knowing if there are any infps with narcissistic symptoms . thanks for your post . i liked it because i am feeling something similar . can you elaborate ? one funny thing with me is that i am more ok with hugging guys . maybe because there is usually a little ... it is not , but i am fed up with the song . glad i could let hou know , then . so i did some online tests for personality disorders . turns out i score high on narcissism and on histronic personality disorder . however , borderline did not seem to be likely . what about other ... thanks for the feedback . ill try not to drown you in words the next time . if you are good looking and cold .. then you are like cryptonite for us . i am also irritated by waste of resources . check my mbti profile . thanks for your reply niss . it is an exact copy from the mail . i found it to be a very strong formulation , given an istj . i also think it would not attribute an istj to express herself in that manner ... point taken . xxx , i really like you .. my stomake hurt and the next two weeks will be so difficult . i already miss having you next to me and i cannot believe it . so there is this 25 hear old istj girls . she ... so , is this guy an entj ? i had to smile . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl1ujzRidmU&feature=youtube_gdata_player i want good looking girls to touch me . im english speaking countries dear is used . just as awkward as my love shaking hands is very nice ! i like it a lot . i am very much like that when it comes to social interaction . i do not like initiating it , for the very same reasons . however , i long for it on the inside . i love social interaction and i crave for ... for me it's about fakeness . hugging , or in fact physical touch of any kind is very significant to me . i only do it to people i feel a very close connection to . therefore , if some random person ... strangely enough i prefefer the kissing as a way of greeting . maybe because it is not a natural part of my culture and therefore not as strongly emotionally wired in me ? ! kissing feels like acting to ... people sometimes tell me they feel as if i am judging them without me doing anything . sometimes they are right .. i judge fast and hard on the inside . muahaha . interesting . even with lovers ? i cant leave lovers alone . must touch all the time . well .. and then i will be known as socially awkward .. hmm .. then i rather hug . i also hug the romans ... however , i do not like it . i like physical contact a lot . i crave and need it ... from people i like . especially attractive and smart people :-) well .. people i do not like and people with whom i do not feel any attachment or bond . i dont like hugging family . but i do like hugging other people i like . even men ! so , i have this thing ... i do not like hugging people whom i do not have a feeling attachment to or people whom i do not like . imagine i have met a person only once . the second time i meet them ... i agree . ironic / sarcastic british girls are to die for . well .. then you have to come to terms with yourself . unfortunately , personally i prefer living in a nice neighbourhood , driving a safe modern car , wearing nice clothes ( nothing excessive , but classy ... i'm 32 . my advice would be ; follow your dreams and ambitions as early as possible in life ( after completing a university degree , obviously , which can also be a dream ) . there is a limited period ... whatever . dont bother . as many as you need ; if your intentions are genuine . he , he .. you like the way you are clever . now , tell me , what type conclusion does your insight provide ? further , for which enneagram type is the basic fear to be alone ? wooops ... ;-) sometimes i just love when you guys point out the obvious . '