' * peeks in * uhhh , hi guys . hadn't been here in a while , but i got to thinking about how many of you helped me get to where i am today both directly and indirectly . my ex intj and i - i am proud to ... double post . my phone spazzed as i typed it last night , so i didn't think it had posted it at all , much less twice . dee pest apologies . i get in a very bubbly mood after discoveries . oh my lands . it just hit me that all of the guys i've dated ( for extended length of time ) have the exact same functions . intj :: ni te fi se entj :: te ni se fi esfp :: se fi te ni hai guise . long time , no talk . so i did end up breaking it off about 2 months ago . i hadn't planned on it , but an entj sort of swept me off my feet and we dated for a month before i got yet ... this is a very personal tale , but it's one i think is worth sharing . i'm recounting it to the best of my ability to do so 20 years later . when i was really little ( around 3 ) , i had an imaginary ... um , i'm almost 24 ( i think age plays a huge factor ) , and as i said yesterday in another thread , i am a freaking care bear of love . like , rainbows shoot out of my eyeballs and into theirs . i can't go ... my brain seemingly rewires itself to include that person in all aspects . someone's eating mixed nuts ? oh , he loves brazil nuts ; i made fun of him for it . i'm wearing striped clothing ? he will love ... i was just talking to my mom , and we were discussing one of my cousins ' kids vs my niece and nephew . this made me wonder how i was perceived as a child . my aunt always told me she thought i was ... missjordan , you ( along with so many of the other intjs ) have been so kind and expressive and helpful . i agree with this wholeheartedly . my guy definitely isn't as emotionally mature as me ... have any of you dated an intj ? that night , lilysocks so graciously allowed me to have an im conversation with her . she made me realize that i honestly did nothing wrong . all the same , he hasn't talked to me in almost 3 days ... i so desperately wish i had one of you on speed dial . i'm afraid i may have fucked up . but i'm too bloggled to type it all . * wrings hands * brb gonna let the anxiety consume me i agree with orangeappled . i also feel the need to rally to intjs ' defenses . they get a lot of hate , as well . i , for one , have pretty much always felt comfortable in their subforum . there are ... thegrayvapour , i've literally just been pronouncing it as the gravy pour in a really obnoxious dick van dyke does the english accent way to remember how to spell it . little did i know , i was ... thegrayvapour , well , i have nothing entirely insightful to say . i went from feeling all swoony for you and the lady to feeling devastated right there with you at the end . honestly , your best bet ... holy shitballs , that is one verbose-ass post . i think things are ( very ) slowly getting better . i've tried to extricate myself from our relationship because i felt my motives were becoming partially selfish insofar as that we were basically a ... just as an abridged update : things came to a head ; he got mad at me . after some thought and a couple days of ignoring me , he said he understood why i made the decisions that i did . he seemed to ... tldr version of what feels like some nicholas sparks novel that is still stuck in the thick of the plot ... intj male is depressed . attempted to kill himself . afraid he may try again . is in ... note : not to discriminate based on age , but if you are under the age of 25 , your advice may not be entirely applicable . ( i say this as someone who is 23 . ) i can't go into detail in this thread , ... sigh . grumble . sigh . can't i just hit an intj over the head and hope that works ? if there are any intj's in here who have been depressed in the past or present and would be willing to talk with me , would you pm me , please ? i need advice on handling a ( truly ) depressed intj . i ... i swear to all that is holy , after i ( finally ! ! ! ) finish watching this last doctor who episode ( and cry to myself softly ) , i am going to respond to everyone i owe replies to . yall da besttt my stomach dropped when i saw this . i'm afraid my intj is losing his ' logical ' battle with his suicidal thoughts , and i really hoped you weren't him . and you're not . but i must admit that the ... it's 5 o'clock in the morning ; i'm exhausted after closing 4 nights in a row ; i still have yet to respond to some very important pm's because i have no mental energy with which to mentally dictate my ... jfc i got to the part about you sending him the hyperole and a half depression post , and now i'm in tears . huff . i literally did the same exact thing about a month ago . gurrrl . * pats sofa ... vad 124 they were originally called something else , but i can't remember what . it was like mgv maybe ? something to do with their last initials ( mccauley , griffin , and vasquez . ) anyway , yes . i was ... vad 124 i actually prefer middle brother to their respective bands ( aside from delta spirit who will always be my favorites ) , so good on you . also , i served jack and walter from foals the other ... all right , going to try and break it down into genres as best as i can . i'll also list a song by each artist . pop / rock generationals / / put a light on miniature tigers / / dino damage ... hey guys . hey blacktide , hey dingo , hey lilysocks , hey , hey anyone else i'm likely to forget . y'all are great . just letting you know . [ / list ] dearest ex , for the first time in a long time , i have your physical echo wrapped around my body . i had missed it so much . i don't know what it is about you or your body that leaves such an imprint ... wowww . okay , , don't let them scare you away . my ex intj and i dated for nearly a year , and on our first date we got very intense / deep , as well . we both just felt extremely ... you know , i never really thought about this until just now , but my ex did this and it drove me insane . but you're right , their worrying and complaining is a soothing mechanism just like my need to ... his ! can you imagine how much shit he got from his roommates for that rosebush ? ! sooo much . can you imagine how many kisses etc he got from me for bringing me roses from that rosebush every time ... hahahahahahaaa , god , i love intjs mine showed up with roses from his garden , and all of my questions regarding the status of the outing were immediately extinguished . later that night , he ... the world keeps flinging him in my direction , and i don't know if i'm supposed to take this as a sign or what seriously . was dragged to a locals only bar after work last night , and he was there . i ... hi there ! got your message . that's gonna sound weird here . anyway . to answer , i work ( temporarily ) as a server in a very busy and popular downtown restaurant in a city that thrives on tourism ... hi i just read this hahahaha * high fives * only read through to page 2 , but here's my take on it . i was a straight a student ( top 200 students in my state , actually ) . my brain is pretty well-rounded . when i was little , however , i was ... i'm going back and reading my old posts and subsequent advice , and i think i need to print this out and tape it to my door . this is depressing as fuck but possibly true . i don't want this to be ... i second what delilah said , but i wouldsay be extremely specific . e . g . , don't say , i'm still hung up on that relationship . say , hey , i have this sense of betrayal due to what happened between ... actually , i always thought it was my te's way of trying to figure out my fi . if i don't get to talk it out with someone , i literally just sit in a stew of my own emotion . i often resent the ... dingo but it's hard to push away someone who i feel so much for and who i think may be trying to reach back in a positive way ( finally ) ? i cut him out again about 2 1/2 months ago , and he said ... my fi sees your fi and raises you a dominant functioned fi-led mind that's still struggling with her intj ex . ughhh . imagine loving said person , knowing they care about you , but ... my realistic approach to this answer is going to be heavily influenced by an fi that was overwhelmingly crushed by my ex boyfriend / reality . i'm currently on my phone , but when i have a moment i'll ... i'm going through it right now , and i've had to turn on what i call my infp logic zone to deal with it . i grieved . and i grieved . and i grieved some more . and after getting it all out , a calm ... this , a million times over . it's so important to my processing to talk it out , but pretty much every time i did , i ended up regretting it because my family and friends would just say , he's an ... syntax error ! this is what happens when i type posts on my phone . i meant clarity of his own emotions . that he has none of . i would never deign to say he has no emotions . lord , he has plenty . it's ... i ask because i have been in four months of limbo that i finally had to cut off . we did this two months ago if you'll remember , but we tried to sort of be together again ? guh , i don't know what was ... '