' so the military would turn you into a sheep ? would you say you're impressionable ? none of my political opinions have changed since joining over a year and a half ago . i'm still socially liberal , ... it is literally called a division in the navy , though . about 25 people . being in charge of the photocopier is meritorious , btw . that thing never works . we didn't properly secure for sea when ... yes , division officer or divo , is where all people of my designation start out . it's a leadership challenge for someone who has had very little leadership experience . any intps join the military as either enlisted or officer ? i did so last year in the navy as a surface warfare officer partially because it requires personality attributes that are opposite to my ... i couldn't bring myself to buy the pc version after sinking 300 hours into the ps3 version . i just bought the ps3 dlc and i'm happy with that . it's a game best suited for a controller anyway , and i ... it's a serious responsibility , but not most likely won't get selected . you'll likely get sent home . the last time i was called for jury duty , it was very important i arrive by 8am , so that i ... have you ever seen forks over knives ? it's available on netflix . ironically , one of the best anti-vegan arguments i have seen to date came from an analysis of some of the inaccuracies ( and some ... i know of someone that developed sleep apnea after becoming obese . obesity does not help respiratory issues . from the op's post , it would also seem that this is a recent issue . if not , holding it ... i meant a medical issue that is resulting in abnormal weight gain . obesity is obviously caused by weight gain , and the respiratory thing very likely is as well . if so , weight loss will solve those ... people with hypothyroidism that attested to slow weight loss by calorie counting . your sister in law shouldn't be working out for 90 minutes a day . working out past approximately 45 minutes typically ... i believe that he no longer loves her as well , and that it's possible that her weight is simply the easiest target for his frustration . the very way he's discussing the issue shows a huge amount of ... koalaroo well , some people are more specific about what they're attracted to . if i love someone , i'm attracted to them regardless of their physical features ... so far . ( i haven't been with someone ... how did you decide that it's an illness ? i think calling stu katz shallow is premature . in the real world , there are things people find attractive and unattractive . if you're in a relationship , you should maintain around your same level of ... congratulations ! congratulations ! what a great post ! i would have more to say on it , but it seems spot on from what i've observed in those around me and in myself . assorted sashimi and hot sake . thanks . i ask because i was diagnosed and i used to have the thoughts i quoted in your post . i was reading a pretty good book on adhd once and a neuroscientist hypothesized that in people with adhd , ... but unless you have something replace that time with , you'll just end up slumped over the couch wearing your sad face . focusing on more activity is rewarding , where as limiting what you like is ... addiction is a symptom of emptiness . i'm sure that if you had more varied , active interests you wouldn't feel addicted to the internet . but if you're happy with your life , why not embrace the ... do you have adhd by any chance ? pixiesayshi n2freedom i just started taking 5 - htp , ginkgo , and more lecithin based on links posted in this thread . if i have any noticeable changes , i'll let you both know . great ... in my opinion , guided meditation is more like relaxation than a mental exercise . the meditation that has always worked for me is focusing on having as little as possible in your mind , ensuring a ... i do weight work and cardio work ( cardio with hiit ) to expend my excess energy . that first step makes any relaxation techniques that follow much more effective , of course . as for meditating , i ... i'd imagine that high norepinephrine leads to high anxiety and an overactive mind , which is an introvert problem . extroverts seek stimulation , while introverts are already stimulated , so more ... very interesting and useful links . i'm looking at supplements suggested for certain deficiencies in the test now . from what i interpreted , we were discussing the possibility that while ... extroverts : introverts : arlene r taylor phd--norepinephrine levels--realizations inc . this seems to support what i've heard before about introverts having more active minds , and so ... internally or externally ? confronting your mother is just a symbol . consider two negative possibilities : 1 : you confront your mother , and it turns out that she had more hardships than you ... pixiesayshi introverts x97 different brain pathways and neurotransmitters « writing from the edge 2 intj - dopamine vs . acetylcholine and blood flow i'm aware enough not to cause problems , in no small part due to playing first person shooters for over a decade . i recommend them to all those who are in danger of walking into a wheat combine . i ... something just occurred to me . introverts are more sensitive to dopamine , so the value judgement of type fives having low dopamine may be missing the point . it's in the red , but perhaps it should be ... i'll concede that average type 1s with type 1 as a strong , primary type are predisposed to have counterproductive traits as parents . however , i still believe that even average type 1s with a good mix ... i'm sorry , as someone with strong 1 instincts , i don't see why it must be so . my search for the best way of doing things overpowered my type 1 tendencies to the point where it isn't even my primary ... that weaknesses can be offset by having / marrying other personality types . if the 1 also had strong aspects of 9 or 2 , they would be more supportive . if they had strong 5 aspects , they're most likely ... perhaps this will help . :) i like the discipline and protection of 8 , the emotional attention and harmony seeking of 9 and 2 , how dynamic 7 is , the moral sense of 1 , and the clarity of 5 . edit : i forgot to clarify that it ... i noticed a lot of members were banned , so i began checking that forum to get a handle of what is not tolerated here . knowing the rules is always important , but knowing which general theme is ... ah , but i did say that the tax would be offset by how many citizens you hire , average pay for employees , and benefits offered . should all three factors be high enough , i mentioned that a company may ... i do not donate to causes that will be worthless in the long run . i try to only give to self-sufficient causes . donating my money to feed someone for a day when they will simply be starving the ... i will try not to advocate for any of these ideas unless requested to save space . this will be what my ideas are , not why they should be . 1 : we should restructure governments to give far more ... i appreciate this thread for it's insight . when i was in elementary , i'd help the janitor clean tables and talk with him instead of playing with my peers . i was seen as mature and wise too , but ... if you find any inconsistencies between my posts , i would appreciate you pointing them out to me on a separate occasion . that said , i did not go through your threads ; it happened to be the first ... i'm sorry my post upset you . you are asking for advice . if you were simply venting , i wouldn't feel comfortable giving you advice . my point is that by your own standards , you should reel yourself ... you know , you expended quite a bit of energy in the type 5 religion thread telling another woman that : and it seems that from your own religious , and indeed personal , beliefs that you should stop ... that's so very type 9 that it made me smile . i find intellectual conversations and similarity to be a bonding experience . and speaking from an intp perspective , i would agree that would cause me to lose interest . introverted to me doesn't mean ... several months , i suppose . they're consistent because i have them laid out in an excel spreadsheet sorted from top to bottom , and i focus on the scores on the bottom until they're bumped up . i'm ... many in this thread have said i don't understand the purpose of flirting . my friend's parents are both happily married and flirt with everyone around them constantly . ( maybe it's one of the secrets ... i always obsessively did things like this , all the while realizing it was strange and none of my friends shared the enthusiasm . then i discovered the enneagram and type 5 . various descriptions said ... '