' yes , i'm 21 and i'm a pianist and arranger of sheet music . i do it as a hobby . i like lots of different genres , e . g . rock , pop , film , classical and indie . i upload videos on youtube quite frequently : ... is this their version of opening up to someone ? i find their emotional distress difficult to handle ( and sometimes annoying ) but of course i don't judge them for it . it's funny cause these two infjs ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEOGQj1yOPQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd9ezQuQ4Fg finally found one , eben pagan . i use figurative most of the time . i like to leave things open ended and up to the interpretation of the other person . even better if they take the conversation off track . it's ne's playground that ... my dad is an istp and he loves mediating , it clears his mind . he's been a buddhist for 9 years now . ok , this may sound like a weird coincidence . but i'm in my teens and i read a few serial killer articles plus watched youtube videos on them and i'm seriously starting to get interested in learning ... they're about feelings - playing piano ( i'm very advanced ) produces lots of different tones and shades of emotion in each song , if someone asks which songs i play , i'm afraid to admit the emotional ... i've found out that if acquaintances or even close friends ask me about my hobbies , i get really guarded and normally just tell them the ones that aren't important to me , e . g . watching films and ... i think he's an nf but could be an nt . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzeFi85mwIs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_8gc59VXTc is it a habit ? do you ever do this ? i think immature intps are capable of serious emotional damage to others since we wouldn't care if they got hurt and we're capable of seeing insecurities that ... i have but he doesn't believe me . i think he's so insecure about himself that he always sees the worst in situations . exactly . go away and leave the poor intps back in their own mental dens . infjs caring nature is scary and we don't know how to reciprocate , intps don't want to be helped or saved , it'd be better if ... infjs scare me . without making them feel rejected . i have an enneagram 2 friend and he always needs reassurance for some reason . every time we spend time together , i always have to detach so i can get into my ... which other types can you pretend to be quite well ? either in public , with certain acquaintances etc . i can slip on an intj front , intact with the self-confidence and arrogance at any time , i have ... any experiences ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Qtgw3r662g 20:12 he details about nt's . nt's like to be empowered ? ? what are you opinions on this ? inferior fe . at the beginning , i idealise potential friendships and relationships too much which leads to me getting more attached to the other person than they are to me . but then after a while , ... does anyone find that they have an easy time ending a relationship if they eventually discover that the other person isn't the ideal / perfect mate ? being an intp , i think i have very high standards ... yeah , i also find it interesting that while i eventually get bored of topics that i know a lot about , music is an interest that never goes away . i think it's cause there's so much of it out there and ... hm ? my istp brother and my istp friends don't do well in school at all . one of the reasons is they don't have the patience and the other is that they're just not interested . do you do well in school ? any ... and it offended fe users ? i used to have it when i was young , until some fe developed . some people still think i hate them though because my voice isn't as warm as most people's . the thing is , i'm ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc3-o97OSeU i agree with this video . i prefer to live spontaneously . haha , good idea ! i plan on ignoring him . haha , that's exactly what i'm thinking right now . i don't trust him . i do know him really well , known him since i was 4 and we spent most weekends with each other . haha , because he's hella stubborn and no one can talk him into doing something he doesn't wanna do . because knowing how he is like , he'll likely say , just move on or ignore the past . he won't want to explain why . correction in title : * does huh ? after putting me down for 6 years with diminishing comments about my achievements ( not recognising them , laughing at them etc ) . getting jealous because i got a ... we usually aren't good flirts but would you say we're good at playing hard to get ? ti-ne can really confuse the other person ( we're abstract and sometimes say things in a roundabout way so making ... piano i'm a 19 - year-old intp studying 2nd year physics at university and there has been numerous times when either the professor or my intj friend would call me out for over-complicating the questions we ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZ1T6dRvWw4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee_uujKuJMI i'm an intp 5w6 and i study physics . i love it ! typical intp , got bored before they could even finish the sentence . i wouldn't say i'm gifted but i am very good at science and i find it interesting . i find math boring though so never really put ... unreadable . i think this is a pretty accurate representation by clint mazikani : when you look at an intp you might not even be able to tell that its an intp depending on the social context or the people ... haha , something i do every few months with my friends and acquaintances . i think i'm quite unpredictable but i don't know how it looks to outsiders . i know i tend to throw people off guard when i start talking because it's creative thoughts and i always end sentences ... because of se inferior ? i remember having a few random explosions of anger while in the company of an infj friend and i've never seen someone so scared in their life . like yeah , they were ... i'm studying physics as well , i tend to do 2-3 hours of studying 6 days a week ( this includes homework time ) . either develop a routine or do what i do , study when you feel like it ( when your mind ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3B70IDkXtY elainemusic 369 - intp musician . but i wonder if they know you very well in the ways that you don't think of yourself as - - things that are not important to you but that are important to the infj . what does that mean ? infjs can ... yes , i've been close friends with one all through elementary school , great intellectual discussions and compatibility as friends . i've had two male infjs really drawn to me in high school , they ... a few years ago , i think i was the subject of an infjs obsession , it was very intense and he kept trying to get really close to me . analyse me and figure me out - unsuccessfully . at first , he ... ... that's what i've been thinking of too . eww . yes , just the other day two guys from my physics class at uni opened up to me . one just came up to me at the bus station and started talking about how he was feeling that the course was difficult and ... i have gotten this several times in my life , all from the people at school and even last year when i started university . and i've always been wondering what it means . usually it's after i say ... '