' i am creative , usually with lots of ideas but i find it hard to put them in words . they just work in my brains and i can explain them to my close friends but still ... hard to get them out in words . help with action . listening is comfort . : happy : hi guys ! ! ! i am back ! ! ! did anyone miss me ? : tongue : kidding . tenshi yes we can seriously commit to someone but it takes time for us to trust them because we are just tooo afraid to get hurt ... 1 . yes , of course but it depends on the other party . we are just human to have the feeling of shy and nervous . 2 . yes but not through our mouth or language . it's a concept inside our brains and it is ... i like sports and played a different variety . i like to watch football known as soccer in some countries . i like the spanish league and usually watch international matches . i also like to watch the ... success comes from having self discipline ... think about more examples ... 1 . top athletes , have to force themselves to go for training even they don't like to go . ( that's self discipline ) . 2 . you ... i think artistic ones looks nice are you asking a guy's perspective or from a girl's perspective since guys and girls usually have different views on this topic . : wink : i am a tibetian buddhist : tongue : yeah ! ! this is finally stickied ! : crazy :: proud : haha .. your voodoo doll friend is cool ! ! haha haha ... i quite university after my 2nd year of my undergraduate . i just didn't like those essays and projects , you spend so much time but not getting results , felt like waste of my time . i rather ... i think core values refers to what their moral values are on a certain subject . personality and core values has nothing much to do with each other i suppose . e . g . someone who drinks and take drug ... i don't know what to do too ... i am rarely emotional as well , i guess i wil just hand them a tissue and listen and give a hug but i don't try too much in case they feel even worst or victimise ... is the sea an object ? this is the first thing it pops up my mind . i could be as fierce as the sea when there are storms when i get angry but it won't last for very long . i could be as calm as the ... still nobody helps to sticky this thread . : sad : hi coffee soap yes , this is my thing too . i am ver determind at times especially i know it will do me good . we can tolerate some pain and if we are sure that we will achieve what we want to get at ... for me to trust them . 1 . they are an open book , at least not a sneaky personality doing something behind your back . 2 . have kept on promises all along . 3 . be responsible of their actions . 4 ... i like intjs and entjs , because they are the thinkers type as well and can draw some conclusion and make up their minds ... i can be very good friends with all the tjs . i find that i tend to have ... i don't think i am getting to that stage yet even though i have to be constantly working on or doing something but i don't really seek for attention or do anything strange or unusual ... so i am just ... my signature below says all ... i am bad with theories i learn through actually doing it first , then when i read and see it gives me more time to digest , if i only listen to it , there is a limited ... i don't really have a most wanted type , i think if i am in love , i don't care his type much . however , i do have something i want to avoid . fs and ps ... : unsure : first of all , i don't really agree on your assumption on feeling about when estj is apologising it doesn't mean much . estj hates the idea that they are wrong and have difficulties in admitting to it ... wickedqueen i think estj can be disasterous if someone flip the table or annoyed us to the limit . i am not married either . but what i can say is , you might have to pay more attention to her face ( facial expression ) , it could mean more . ask her to be a bit direct too if she is not happy with ... that sounds cool ! ! he got guts ! that's a good description , and come to think about it . i can be 101 % concentrate if i have to and block everything else out , other times i would have a lot less . hi ! i wasn'ts sure of my mom's type before but i have asked her and actually seated her down to do the test ( how cruel of me ) haha .. and she is a tested esfj so it fits to what i thought too . life must be hard growing up surrounded by fs : laughing : but at least you have a brother and your grand mother who can understand you . i only have my father who is logical enough to talk and ... didn't notice this thread until got refer by another estj :p roud : 5w6 wow thanks ... it was a while ago right ? so i should close this thread then . thanks . haha .. thats so sweet ! ! : happy : that sounds like esfj to me . my mom is a esfp and she is very controlling and emtional black mailing ... she has bad tempers too .. there are many possibilties to guess / assume someone's type espacilly ... hmm .. no one is replying ... maybe its not a popular thing for us ? cazza and lorelai there are not a lot of estjs females anyway , this is similar to estps it is a more musculine character and personality . you will see more female having a f compared to a t from my ... thank you bookbutterfly . just a point that the sjs don't usually dig deep into the topic too much because they usually have a short concentration span and need new things and interesting things to ... oh if i have to give my reasons : 1 . moral is more important , people are getting more and more selfish these days . there are certain people in ( a country i do not want to disclose ) they can walk away ... i think its about infj dislike conflict and estjs don't mind if we have to . but be lucky that we nag , be mean or do something to do ... otherwise it could mean that we have better things to do than ... bookbutterfly yes ! ! thanks , i forgot the website already as it was a while ago when i read it . haha .. i think i mixed up with talkativeness and interest for conversation . i am not sure about the ... agree to a certain extend . when are are excessively mean ... that means we have reach to a point that we cannot tolerate anymore and probably there is a person that we dislike . i don't think people ... pier 56 you have a very cute signature photo . my family : me estj father unknown he refuse to spend time and energy to take the test i suspect istp or istj mother esfp sister enfp i am buddhist and my type ... please see below ... : wink : i read something somewhere before . they have this typing saying there are certain types who tends to be very talkatives and i am not surprised by the outcome . nfs are the most talkative ... thinking 74 % sensing 63 % extraverted 58 % judging 53 % so i am a tsej ? what were you like as a child ? i was a very sporty kid and always have my schedule full jam pack of activities and classes ... oh i am a shy extrovert too . being extrobert doesn't mean you are not shy . we just get energy from external world that doesn't mean to be socialising with lots of people , i actually prefer very small ... i was chased by estp and was in a relationship with him for 2 years . then the rest i am not very sure . but i fall for one infj and we like each other mutually but i don't have the patience for him ... wow , running a marathon ! : cool : my max is only 10km and anything after that it hurts my knees .. : rolleyes : aresdude patent lawyer ? we definitely need you in asia haha there isn't many here to ... wow , i just feel this is coming too emotional . i can sense anger and frustration because you are getting orders . why don't you say no and explain that you are tired or drained ? if you truely ... i tend to not break more serious rules so that i can stay out from headaches and trouble ... i think these are naughty stuff only and doesn't do any harm . :D do i just send them a message for the request ? thanks . '