' 76257 i will leave you with this . i usually follow my gut but there have been times when i do not listen to it and end up hurt . good luck ! i have a best friend who is a male isfp . we get along pretty well but he can tends to oscillate between wanting to always talk to me or being distant . it can be confusing , especially if i hear he has ... i've written and been written to . the one who wrote to me was a long-time friend ( probably an ixfp ) who never got the chance to be with me because he moved far away . we spent a while writing ... this fits me . dad : super competitive , high-achieving authoritarian ( he's an entj ) . mother : sacrificial , explosive outbursts , dramatic , knows no boundaries , caregiver ( she is some sort of xsfj ) ... i think space is ok as long as it is not hurting the person you are being distant from . but that takes communication and honesty . i think what scares some people who want space is feeling like they ... all i can talk about is my enfp . he is spontaneous but get's shy / nervous if it's something he has not done and does it anyways . very energetic but sweet . makes sure i am not uncomfortable , hold ... if i said that it would mean that i want to distance myself to work on something , like healing old wounds or get over some emotional issue . it's not that we want to push you away because we don't ... 7233772338 72339 i'm a 4w5 . i constantly battle feelings of alienation ( nobody likes me or people suck ) and wanting connection ( empathy and meaning ) . envy is my demon . i love seeing passion in ... @ ancientone i just saw iron man 3 last night so i have an idea of what you mean . lol thanks for the picture . his lab is very cool . so much intellectual freedom and the right amount of ... @ marek that sounds so lovely . :p roud : for me it's enneagram . i think it is because i have more to gain from learning about being an enneagram 4 from other 4 ' s than my mbti type . i can handle being an infj alot easier and don't require as ... i don't have one yet either . lol people around me keep asking me why and i just don't really need it yet . maybe when i need it for work or something . i see young people doing this the most but ... that is one of my favorite visualizations too . and your avatar photograph is amazing . : happy : if you can visualize a place that calms you and makes you happy what would it look like ? it would be a place that is tranquil , vivid , and allows you to restore balance . these type of exercises are ... bekkajp consists of a mish-mash of grasping key things about me / my thoughts / feelings ... even if he doesn't agree with it ... and then on top of it , accepting and respecting it <--- this is a good ... compare yourself only to who you have been , not to everyone else . everyone is walking a different road in life . two reasons : 1 . to break down the walls that separate me from other people and feel more connected to them on a human level . that cannot happen if i understand them but they don't understand me ... yes , that helped . thank you . : happy : and at least from my experience i tend to try to think about why i am feeling something rather than just accepting i feel it . it's almost like i try to ... hi ! i am happy you figured it all out . i used to think i was intj until i saw the light . plus , your avatar is adorable . : happy : kiwi thank you so much ! i like your explanation . : happy : it's ok . thank you for trying ! :p roud : i have seen how my enfp thinks aloud too . and i know it is very difficult to explain what happens inside . that is how i feel about ni . i did ... i am here because i want to know what fi looks like for an enfp . could one of you try to explain it ? i asked my enfp boyfriend about it and he could not say too much because he does not know mbti too ... how would one be aware an infj loves them ? you will feel it coming from her . you will see it in her eyes when she looks at you . she will be vulnerable yet still guarded . she will put herself ... most irritated : long days having to engage with alot of people because it is the polite thing to do . most annoyed : having to listen to shallow and uninteresting conversations but not being ... i used to score as intj all the time . then i realized ti is pretty high on my list of functions and te was somewhere below it . i think that te was only showing up on tests because my father is an ... for the moments when you feel alive . i want the opportunity to have moments and i get swept up by them as they come . 1 . beautiful dancing or singing mesmerizes me . i know when it is good because i get goosebumps that run all through my body just from observing . tango , ballet and ballads are some of the most ... i guess i will try : can you tell me any one secret about yourself ? i like walking barefoot on grass , mud and pebbles . it feels wonderful and i do not care about having to wash my feet ... hi ! i am not sure if there are many estp's on this forum so i figured i should ask infj's instead . i could really use some advice . a friend of mine has a girlfriend of about 6 months . he is an ... yes , i have been called intimidating before . my friend says that i have too many defenses surrounding myself and that it is easy to just look from afar . lol he once used a castle metaphor and said ... unless it will affect my relationship with someone i care about or it violates one of my principles / values i always avoid it . for example , someone cutting in front of me in line is not worth me doing ... i am actually having some problems with an acquaintance of mine that i think is an estp female . she thinks i don't like her because i am quiet and don't comment on what she says . any advice would be ... skewed like italics . i would say upper-right corner like the person above me . i hate groups , but if it has to be done it has to be done . i observe and listen mainly . if someone forces me to interact i get nervous but i do the minimum . i hold back alot of myself , though . i ... yes . this is a recurring problem of mine . writing has really helped me . i would also recommend finding inspiration . watch movies , read , look at art , take a walk , talk to a stranger about it , talk to ... that is because you are usually lying big brother . i only turn , how did you say it , harsh when there is no other way to get my point across to you that you are being fake . if you were being ... they are sunshine on stormy days and human piñatas filled with love ( if you can get them to open up to you ) . : happy : they are fun-loving , charming , quirky humans who like making people laugh by ... forgiveness from past mistakes . and a haircut ! :p roud : make them laugh somehow . it works on me when i am getting to an unreasonable point of irrational ranting / brooding . enfp's are especially good at this btw . :p roud : creating a distraction such as ... i used to be this way ( though not as bad as you ) when i was in a codependent relationship that revolved around the other person . however , i am not codependent anymore . these feelings pop up from time ... i don't know about other infj's , but i want to know people . there is a curiosity in me to understand . i have had people freak out because some of my questions are too deep but i don't care . hi ! welcome to perc . i hope you have a blast here . the infj sub-forum is pretty cool . :p roud : don't confuse feelings with the truth . it ruins relationships with people . especially because i hate conflict and do not give them a chance to prove my feelings were wrong . my boyfriend is an enfp and i always say that he is really good at hiding his intelligence with an armor of random silliness / enthusiasm . he is really interested in social sciences as well . others ... - i rarely get bored . i go inwards and think about things if i am unable to leave the situation . only time i get bored is if i am trying to please someone else and don't have the nerve to tell them i ... watching an excellent dance gives me unexpected goosebumps too . it's just so beautiful . i like shopping for about a total of two hours when it involves clothes . anymore time and i start settling for things just to leave . i find it somewhat boring and start getting pissed off i have not ... petrichor ( the smell after rain ) , passionate speakers , a man playing with a child , and intellectual banter . my brother ( one year younger ) is an istp . we have awesome conversations about complicated matters , but his insight is always direct and short . i always want to hear how he came to it and he can't ... yes , i have been accused of talking down to people or making them feel stupid when i go overboard and start telling them they are feeling and thinking something they reject wholeheartedly . i have ... '