' sounds like you are doing something like anthropomorphizing a computer that doesn't necessarily have agency . this is how i would distinguish .. is it a command that the computer spits out when it ... want to know a secret ? we all create our own value , and meaning or we buy into what others believe . you are smart and understand this which is why you struggle with it , so realize meaning is a ... we are not rational animals , but rationalizing animals .. because they are ways for us to connect with others in an indirect but awesome way . we as humans invented dance and music to connect with one another . it's anthropological . there are basically two loves . one is romantic and tends to last around 5 or so years , long enough to rear a child through the rough parts . usually couples stay together ... sure , men and women can be friends .. but how we define friendship is the crux . so when we say , just friends . that can mean a couple that broke up and are just friends , but know one another on some ... how do you become friends with people you don't really know ? and your a , b , c either or's are pretty limited . you believe that , ether a person believes they can be friends with the opposite sex or ... if my name means fearless then no .. but , if my name means courageous then yes . good thing he was wearing that khaki shirt and everything matches . don't even focus on happiness as an end or you will end up rat racing for things , and reasons that aren't even your own . instead , you should focus on living the moments you spend with people , and ... haha , i'm average :) 26/36 figure a test like this would have footage rather than an instance of a photograph . might be a better way to test ? seeing right through you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhgcComAyRA strongly admire deydey https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBkw2vtW6AE we have very different definition of what friends are . there are acquaintances that we all call friends , whom we dispose of . at various places of difficulty we give up because the person is too ... enfp's are great . but , really you shouldn't seek out types , just let the people fall where they will . use your judgement to determine whether people are genuine and consistent . lots of people ... kinda personal but i'm more a virtue theorist / categorical imperative follower wannabe . a way to think about honesty and about right and wrong can be determined by virtue , rather than rules . ... case by case basis . after a betrayal is one of the best times to think about who your most consistent friends and loved ones are . if people other than them betray you , it's no real loss . ... the thing is about rihanna and most major mainstream performers are more types of conglomerates for mainstream to eat up . when you think about it the whole persona is boxed into certain packages to ... am i the only one who thinks celebrity crushes are kinda silly ? really , on an existential these feelings are ascribed and not my own . level . isn't it odd , and kinda gross to feel about people ... haha , looks like most aren't differentiating crush and simple attraction . how do we know who these people are that we supposedly have crushes on ? and , are those your true feelings or are they the ... nope , for me it doesn't happen . question , would you still like her the same if you found out she didn't write her own music ? i guess even infj's fall for celebrity . maybe it has to do with how honest we are with ourselves or how we process friendships vs . love interests ? i went through it with a particular lady who i really enjoyed being around , we had a ... i think it's possible . if people go into friendships without extra motives . usually there's some attraction though and someone ends up getting hurt , when closeness and connection get confused ... be careful with timetables man . the thing that happens sometimes if we aren't careful is we put ourselves on paths of self fulfilling prophecies . there has to be fight in you . i read this a few ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5N3kQfNaPE i agree about people becoming comfortable in their own skin and in different situations . but it's not like there are social pressures for extroverts to be comfortable alone time , or to recharge ... all of those things , justice , mercy and grace are really contextual . justice is more about concepts of right punishment for some crime . based on ideas like prevention , punishment , rehabilitation , ... according to the video infj's are like stuey from family guy after brian got drunk and drew all over him ? : laughing : yes i totally meant jackson galaxy . i think he's an interesting cat btw ... but he is a pretty unique person . whats frustrating about this is that the hegemony of , normal is defined by extroverts . it's not that introverts need to come out of shells , it's that we have to grow comfortable with who we are in ... long thread , but a lot depends on how we define , nice guy . there are certain guys who tend to get friend zoned . these are the guys who agree with everything she says , who constantly seek ... i absolutely adore dogs and consider myself a dog and cat person . but , i was a cat person before i was a dog and cat person . i recently had a conversation with a friend about how unattractive ... it would be less superficial , but also less fun . it wouldn't necessarily be quiet , a lot of songwriters are introverts . it's just the extroverted pop stars who sing them . think about music ... really ? i believe the way our intuition and logic connect get us to a point where we develop hypothesis . what would we have without hypothesis ? what medicines and breakthroughs would we have ... i think those emotions are often sorta mixed ? while a lot of us say we love people for who they are , and it's true we do love them that way , there is always room for improvement . there is a ... process it out . what's great is that she made that assumption about you , and now you are in a position to show her what you are assertive about . you don't need to now talk about being ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDj54ZdJw_w another interesting aspect is how we take criticism so personally and the ways we deal with our emotions . obviously in the military there are times when criticism is just sort of part of the ... military certainly isn't for everyone . have to be careful with using exceptions as standards though .. not everyone who joins is going get brainwashed . often even the elite units act similarly in ... my experience was of some of the best and worst times . the weird thing is .. regardless of politics , you grow close with the men and women you serve with and go through everyday life with in the ... 153746 dime drop my rationality exactly . :) well that's the thing with the nature of atheism , agnosticism and faith . agnosticism leaves open the possibility for god through our current overall greyscale cosmological ignorance . atheism ... what's weird is reading what you say , then seeing the comic on the bottom . if what you say is true then an infj would likely go with a comforting lie to get along with those he loves , but it's ... as guys we have it rough admitting we are emotional . for me at least from the time i was a kid i recognized these concepts of young male stoicism being linked to manliness . those attributes were ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0N_hd0drIc the one and only i think a lot of us are kinda hybrids just like we are psychologically . i'm into strength training and into game of thrones .. i joined the military and played d & d . i was into school and played ... you would probably get along famously with an infj . my sister is an enfp and we have an amazing relationship . you will find infj's doing the things they love .. helping people .. being in ... environmentally tan , and blue .. i tried to pick both :) '