' some see a sink-or-swim environment . the fear is that some people aren't strong enough to swim , so it's through no fault of their own if they sink . i'm just saying , it's possible to do ... just a couple of examples : my godsister's family is very proud . like , proud of their pro-family moral superiority . any marriage proposals need the family's blessing ( to an extremity where one of ... i'm sorry , i don't recall having had any past discussions with you . but if i'm not the first person who said this to you , and you keep getting the same kinds of responses , then maybe the problem lies ... oh yeah ! all the time ! it's kind of like how muscles need to break apart ( disintegrate ) in order to become stronger ( integrate ) . disintegration and integration's a cycle . so for me ... when i'm ... right ? my position on it is that psychology isn't a pure science , because the fact that ( general ) you're studying humans also qualifies it as humanities . i don't think the subjective qualities ... 1 . ) the intelligent enneagram , a . g . e . blake . - i like processes more than i like people . there is a shout-out to the personality enneagram in here somewhere ! 2 . ) the integral enneagram , susan ... oooh i want to try ! q : how many fours does it take to change a light bulb ? a : none . they live in darkness . brightflashes : either chrome or perc is not letting me reply , so i'm just going to ... structure this somehow ... this is not necessarily my perspective , but there's that replication problem . not ... speaking of haha ? , i'm on this forum for entertainment . it just looks like seriousness to everyone else . some people take their entertainment seriously . i essentially made the same argument ... i'm sure this is a rhetorical question , and i don't mean to insult your intelligence , but i think it should be spelled out somewhere . for some people , there's no boundary between what they value ... if people can spread misinformation , and people write books , then why would books be free of misinformation ? who decides what is misinformation and what is another valid perspective ? which are written by flawed people with their own biases which may or may not be addressed . why do we take what is written in enneagram literature as perfect information that couldn't be revised or ... how is it any different than me going , as an american ... or as an asian american ... why do we assume that there's only one legitimate experience of a type , and everything else is ... bias : background in the hard sciences . there isn't exactly universal agreement on whether psychology ought to be considered a science or an art . there isn't even universal agreement within ... exactly ! and that theory is going to be informed mostly by a much more vague way of theoretical understanding than one that has a scientific foundation . [ / quote ] bias : on the spectrum of ... what is with people's black-and-white perspective on health ? people are treating it as if you're either healthy or you're unhealthy . it's something you are , at all times , everywhere . it's like ... fun to me is mostly about having mental stimulation . in normal days , it's i don't want to be bored or i have so much to do that boredom is a luxury , but if i think a little harder , it's more ... there won't be much official resources on tritypes because ... it's an intensive effort to study the process of individuation . actually , i feel like that's the part where we learn more about ... impure anger types unwelcome ! D:< yeah , talking about you 8w7 and 1w2 ! a line is a boundary . when lines are crossed , people get angry . you know what makes me angry ? ( a lot of things , but ... it's the same idea as all nine types are variations of type nine ! well , there are people who fear themselves as well . they have issues relating to experts and other kinds of ... but that does happen ! over pms or other private channels . that's how i first learned about those feuds that have lasted across many typology forums ! rarely , i get an invitation to get involved , and ... duuudddee ! you ever read the ban / infractions forum ? there was once a mod who wrote poems . * sad * sorry , i'm going to rant . feel free to ignore . all you are general you . so a lot of ... people have all nine types within them , so people should be open to and accept the possibility that there's not always a clear or easy answer . for example , if it occurs to me that someone could be a ... warning : cir's stupid pedantry . motivations and emotions share the same latin root , mot . something about motives and motion ... * arbitrary skepticism * maybe there's some kind of center ... there's an entire center , the image / shame / emotion center , that deals with hiding our motivations from ourselves and from others . plenty of people consciously and unconsciously hide their ... if you don't think it's possible for people to hide their motivations , then what's wrong with starting with what's already been said ? what if complaining about it , either looking for help or for ... the secret to happiness is low expectations . have you ever read ouspensky's in search of the miraculous ? there are a lot of chemistry metaphors being used to illustrate scales of life , and ... a min-maxer in single-player games . the persona video game series is influenced by jungian psychology , tarot , mythology , etc etc ... and also the enneagram ! as proof , here's a screenshot from persona ... that much ? why would you invest any effort into people who show you zero respect ? what were you hoping to get out of these interactions that would make it worth your troubles ? i think you should ... everyone , whether they realize it or not , has multiple personas for use in more-private settings and multiple personas for use in more-public settings . public and private are in a spectrum . as long ... the circle is the law of one , and it's basically relating to cycles , recurrence , and / or eternity . nine and zero are either the same point or they overlap . the law of seven and law of one ... quite frankly , the enneagram is about self-discovery , so the bottom line is : only you can determine your tritype . your posts on the internet is not an accurate representation of who you are . every ... rose for a heart : i'm sorry . this will be my last post . what makes you think i'm interested in a complete picture of you ? i seem to recall you bitching about large egos in a thread about ... you were pretty good at telling me to let go of my conceptual understanding , so please allow me to modify that advice and redirect it back to you . you could let go of your preconceived notions ... i'm just going to throw this out there as food for thought . anyone is free to ignore this if they do not find it relevant . the construction of this response will be a bit different . i'm replying ... i acknowledge your desire to end this conversation , so this will just be my closing statement . shame : if someone has done something to cause distrust , then the serious emotional toll is the ... premeditated murder , drugging with a psychedelic that amounts of psychic rape , inducing an opiate dependency , capture / rape / torture ... if ignoring your existence is on the same level as literally ... i find acceptance that i can be a cruel person . shame is the emotion of disconnection , and that includes social disconnection . people can only cry wolf so many times before their words start to ... check this table out . the basic desire column ? i gave an egos are a defensive mechanism answer . i would suspect people would give a type-related answer because we all see egos as different ... ah yes ... i should understand this struggle because people often question any eight's typing ... to be completely honest ... my typing is not questioned anywhere nearly as frequently as other eights ... i have to admit something . i may have been seven shots of vodka in when i wrote that ( crying feels really good and indulgent sometimes ) , and a night's sleep later , i realized i forgot to include some ... if only perc has a freudian psychology or jungian psychology forum , then you could cross-post it there as well . it's perfectly normal to want to be unconditionally loved by our parents . and ... but i go off the rails because of my deep love for humanity ! : crazy : after all , the only difference between reality and fiction is that fiction needs to be credible . and that's why sanity is ... it's very possible . while we're united by our aggressive , expansive approach to life , where that expansion occurs varies per individual . the description seen here is from a close friend . i ... + 1 since we're stacking masks now ... i have a 3w4 fix . to say that it's possible to fully know who we are is like saying that it's possible to fully actualize all of our potentials . human ... obligatory not a four and this is probably unhelpful answer : also , consider : don't get too excited by any creative career because your creativity could be restricted / ignored by ... here's a trend that i see : what essentially differentiates the contraflow stackings from the synflow stackings is their relationship to their tertiary instincts . the contraflow stackings have a more ... english : do you know it ? honestly , i put in quite a lot of effort into responding to this post , but i had to look up and post the definitions of too many words in order to continue this ... all of them . be less lazy . continuation goals : do the following every . single . day . the main goal here is optimal habit formation : do a set of exercise ( squats , 15 minutes of rowing , or ... tl ;D r : death . lots and lots of death . death to 2016 , and a piss on its grave ! happy birthday 2017 ! may we live in interesting times ! where ? i'm placing bets on the first three definitions ... '