i do this also . sounds so funny and ridiculous when you look at it from a distance . but when you're in it it's insane idk in general but i'm infp and this rocd sounds like me this also : i'm an infp and i always felt and thought that there is something about me that invites people to be mean and push my buttons . but with time i started to love and accept myself more and not to take ... 712074 cool , the group is getting bigger , we can have a meeting soon maybe . :) zagreb . i guess we should speak english so everyone here could understand :) yeah , me :) omg , this is amazing . i can relate to every word . you summed it up very well - nothing to ad . also , you are a good writer . greetings from croatia ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66quTi26YLY&feature=share hahaha , infp humor ... sometimes i get the impression that other people have nothing on their mind and that they walk around like zombies and i can't believe that ... how and why you hurt her ? :) black books i love it ! ! ! flea markets , second hand stores with clothes , furniture , things for the home ... i even check dumpsters on the street . i wasn't raised like that . when i discovered that world in an ... : laughing : till i was 25 or 27 i was trying to go in a certain direction . i was trying to finish faculty and have a job that will help me to create happy life . i was doing ok . my grades on ... i always woder also :/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uKQd2mWV8g&index=3&list=LLkIEC5W-rsU0fvwLcsSG9XA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNyFi5yNO-k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJp3kVelU3c bump :) hope to hear more :) click on cc button for closed captions of sub-titles in english https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZvehG_Lgls https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCdNFyfxMx0 this is one of mine but i'm searching for something more fun but also spiritual , more to listen then to look , while i'm knitting , lol . i like gardening , metaphysical stuff , infp stuff , funny stuff , ... well ... from most authors i read only one book so for now i can't realy say that one author is my favourite . but i did read a few books from amos oz , gabriel garcia marquez and milan kundera and ... i also own an adult coloring book and been coloring occasionaly for the last few months . sometimes every day . sometimes once a week . it is a good distraction . left it now at my boyfriend in another ... i had to go today with my mother and felt terrible . she had in her head what will she get . i just followed . if i have to go shopping i prefer to go alone , with enough money and i have to know why i'm ... true for me ( infp ) i think this is very infp song , video and lyrics - a boy living wild and free , riding his horse on the beach . the lyrics were translated from french to english just by google translator . it was an ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfbQ5mHWkOs if i have been hurt or exhausted physically or emotionally , after crying and wanting to die , i want to nurture myself usualy with a shower , alone time , sleep , movie , tumblr and a lot of quality food , ... hahahaha , yes liinabeans so many things you wrote in your last two posts i recognized as my struggle too . curently on the first season of ' ' black books ' ' . like it so far . book shop , eccentric characters , nice set design and costumes . i like british stuff because people there are not hollywood perfect i also had this ' ' warning ' ' of a headache . had this unpleasant pressure in my head for a few hours and then the migraine would come . i started to have those ( vomiting , rolling on the floor thinking that is the moment when all the veins in my brain explode and i die ) in my teenage years and they stopped when i was 25 . why i had ... idk what other people experienced on dating sites but i would say that hose are places to avoid . i spent a lot of the time there ( i'm 32 years old ) , met many people , dated some ... i wish i never did ... when i was in high school i was also like that . came home from school and did nothing for hours . just daydreaming . and always did homework in the last minute . my family always caled me lazy . also i ... i dropped out of my first college after a year there and from a second college after hmmm ... maybe 8 years of trying to finish it . first one was just not for me . second one was but i just couldn't ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_s_-kWY8WE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhoPPnDiY5c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hN1M97aG4t0 hey , i am just going to copy paste something i wrote the other day on one other topic : ' ' i am 32 and changed between 15 or 20 different jobs till now . some suited me some i endured . i just don't ... in my mind i have both sides - i try to understand everyone but i also judge a lot and say insults to people in conversations that we have in my head . but on the outside i'm different . i am ... infp cancer , water sign ( cancer sun , pisces moon , aquarius rising ) yes , very much . whatever i see or whatever happens i see so many posibilities comming from it and i have feelings towards those posibilities . i am 32 and changed between 15 or 20 different jobs till now . some suited me some i endured . i just don't like to live like that to show up somewhere every day at same hour . after aproximately 6 ... i went through all your stories once again . in each story there are also big parts of my life . i was anxious today and that's why i went back to read this tread . and also to activate it again :) even before , when i was brushing daily , i got cavities . you can brush all you want but i think it depends on a diet and maybe genes will you get cavities or not . paleo and lchf ( low carb diets ) i ... i brush my teeth aproximately every third day . it's working out just fine for years now . when i was younger i believed the media that you have to brush it 3 times a day . i brushed just once and ... since i'm constantly broke i wear what i can find in a second hand store or what i get from my friends , neighbours and relatives . so there are many styles and sizes in my wardrobe . but still i try to ...