' help me i am lonely over here : unsure : hey guys ! okay so , i have been lurking around this forum for ages despite using this account a while ago as i forgot my username . : blushed : i was looking at a random thread when i spotted a ... i just remembered my username ! yay ! :D i've been lurking around here without a login for ages ! : kitteh : hey , i'm younger than 20 by the way hehe ^ _ ^ restless imaginative wacky creative fun-loving musical dreamer curious mum : esfj dad : intj sister : ixfj me : enfp despite the similarities , i've always felt a bit like the odd sock ;P 1 . uhmdy , it depends . if it's a close friend i'd be like hug me anyway ! and they'd probably get annoyed at me a lot , but if the person isn't that close i don't expect it would bother me that much ... i really like it , i think it really reflects me when it says fly high and free as do the birds that is definitely how i feel about life :) ) also the first line very much resonates with me . thanks for posting ( (: i totally agree with what your pointing out . for example , right now , i just want to read and be on my own . i can be really shy sometimes , and i find myself feeling introverted ... oh right , i agree with you on the different sense of humor front . i wouldn't say i say jokes when it's inappropriate though , i am quite careful , especially if i don't know the person very well . yeah , i get what you mean , but i tend to only reply if they ask me straight out what did you think ? then i'd tell them honestly how i feel . it also depends who it is , a and if i know they are going ... ikr that is some tasty stuff ;D totally agree with you , its great to feel like you can just be you , warts and all ( if yu get ma groove ) xd well when me and my friends have a joke around i get quite hyper and i think some times it comes off to people ( not my friends ) as overenthusiastic and strange , especially as some of the jokes i say ... i always speak without thinking , so to get in this situation with people , occasionally happens when i'm in a conversation with someone who says something i don't agree with . i'd say something off my ... i decided to start this thread , because even though i get on with a lot of people , there are some that just don't understand my humor at all . i think they find my enthusiastic jokes overpowering ... i hate it when i open my heart out to explain one of my lifelong dreams or something to someone and they say you can't do that . and i'm like why ? and they say because you just can't . ... i enfp :D http://i224.photobucket.com/albums/dd269/koollkatt_1/Timon-Moore.gif you made me think , so i just took online iq test , score was bang on 150 ! is that real or what ? ! either the websites messed up , or i seriously doubt myself , , my mum took it though and she got 106 , so ... i would say i appear , and on the whole am , a very joyful optimistic person . i jump , sing and act all happy generally , but i do find myself constantly hiding negative emotions . for example , if one of ... haha ! i had it boiled ! is that a good way ... ? probs not , but hey ! it tasted goooddd ( (: plus since no one else in my family likes it , i get all of it xd yes ! result ! * imaginary high five * amzies hahhah ! you are defeated ! no ... of course not ... i haven't tried it or anything ... * awkward silence * please ... don't call the police ... http://www.quailblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/chipmunk4.jpg omg ! that sounds exactly what i'd say about mushrooms ! it's soo weird because i smelt my feet the other day ( don't ask ) and they smelt exactly like mushrooms ! ! : ooo :D http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/watch-out-we-got-a-badass-over-here.gif ohhh we got a badass over here xd haha noo my beloved tofu * sobs * this may sound really random , but what do you guys think of tofu ? i personally really like it , but my sister hates the stuff . do you guys like it and why ? sorry sort of had a random calling of ... drama horse riding tennis reading art writing saxophone going on holiday ( does that count ? :D ) amateur radio that's funny cos i'm actually doing it right now * removes pringle from mouth * ooohh , i think it's boredom though , i always find myself doing it on journeys a lot too . :D weirdly though , i find myself ... http://i669.photobucket.com/albums/vv58/ardaniss/lol.gif nom nom nom ! foood ! ! ! :D dd and art . lots of art . : kitteh : phew , i was getting worried there ! :D it depends if my loved ones could live forever with me <3 everybody hates bananas ? ! nooo ! * screams * hahah , typical me ! avoiding conflict as always : tongue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XC0SEK_Yfk that is all . nooo ! not dem bananas ! * sobs * do you not sense smoothie opportunity with squishy debris left behind ? and yeah banana bread sounds tastyy :D i like this epic criticism , i am lmfao right now ! ahahahh xd saxophone yeahhh ! xddd noo conflict ! * shuts eyes * shytt umm well it look like you guys have got ur hands full so imma just sit here and wait for the person below me to strike : tongue : v strike person below strike , my ... i don't think there is really a real side to an enfp ( or just me if other enfp's disagree ) , i see the different strands and parts of my personality like a jigsaw piece that makes up me , none of it is ... yeah i think people do jump to conclusions about me being stupid quite a lot , i do find it slightly irritating at times , especially when people talk down to me with less complicated language like i ... one of my besties just took tha test and she is an enfj :D randomly turn up suggesting some fun activities to knock her off schedule :) tell her that you're there for her and if she needs anything she can rely on you xx sounds great ! never would of thoughta that , i was thinking something really crazy like blueberry and lavender jam , i don't know if the blueberry could taste :p , but i'm willing to try it ;) hahah ... i loathe boredom too , so i just get up and do something random like climb a tree and eat jelly ... :D on weekends nothing , but i kind of feel like i'm wasting the day if i don't do anything interesting , so i get up pretty early anyway , does anyone else get that ? (: yayy it's soo fun ! :D dd thanks for postin ' dis (: heyy , i feel like making jam , any suggestions ppl ? ;D i get : hahahhahaha ! do you talk for the sake of it ? are you crazy , ? ! omg epic ! can't believe you just did that ! :D hehehe i agree with some of those , but i don't consider myself a cheater , i avoid it at all costs , can't handle the guilt :D '