' how old are you ? you can think of this in a way that this is something you do for yourself quirta , not for your mother . you must realize that you care about someone and you will do it because you ... it looks like she is in the grip of her inferior function . if you want to put her back , you must find a way to engage her into her dominant function activities until she switches to normal ... can any of you explain me what is thinking ? ni is internal to the point where its difficult to describe . its not something that is willed to happen or not happen , it just happens underneath everything . you can't just turn your dominant ... jeremy 8419 i see , makes sense about focusing on ego vs super id as healthy and unhealthy . very good insight . the_wanderer haha that's what i'm talking about :) ) ) i was talking about ti as your dominant function , but that isnt the case . i just mixed things up . but your dominant function is intuition . so i would be asking . how do you rest your intuition ? i mean ... december flower i just realized that isfp in socionics is isfj in mbt ... at least in the first two functions . lilysocks that made me laugh :) see the post above of what i mean by not thinking . with not thinking i mean not having conversations and voices in your head and not talking in your head or trying to explain something or draw any connections and review theories and experiences . just ... i know i just forget sometimes ... lol , sorry i see that i totaly mix things up . in socionics intj has ti - ne as first two functions and ni as nr . 8 . but i guess you are then intp in socionics . as their first is ni and second te and ... was one of my favourite words for a while . that was how i used it . as in a sense of listening but in other ways too . oh waifu you so funny ! ! :) ) ) no , for you guys not thinking about nothing means tuning into your sensory or se i guess . that is why you love going to mountains or nature where you experience this ... so after all intj's also can experience this kind of rage too . sorry first two functions for isfp in socionics is si - fe ... my sister said the same thing . but she scored as infp . so i thought she must be infj . what i am curious is how do you get your energy up ? what gives you energy ? and what takes it away ? is there a day ... i don't beat around the bush . how do you deal with it ? why do you feel like that ? what is missing ? what is not there ? what get's you out of it ? what external things get you connected and not feel ... just sit down and let your body do what it does . just trust it can deal with whatever is happening without your input . just like when you go to sleep only now you are awake . and then just observe ... how does it show when someone doesnt get you ? like in what sense dont get you ? and how do you experience this deep connection like physically in an energetic level what is happening ? how do you feel about people ? do you have this sense of deep connection with others ? how do you deal with your emotions ? good and bad . how do you experience them ? in thoughts and physically what is your attitude towards health ? how important is it to you ? can someone make you angry just because they don't take care of themselves ? physicaly ... how do you experience fe and how do you ... do you often not know what to do with your emotions ? like it's giving you awful a lot of hard time . like when you don't get to express them or some other situations . do you often hold your self ... do you often experience physical pain from overeating ? or from emotions ? do you find it easy to stop thinking ? does it ever tire you ? how do you switch off ? what do you need during those times ? what do you get really pissed off with people in general ? how do you express ... what emotional struggles do you experience ? how exactly do you experience your introverted sensing side ? do you ever like over eatthings to compensate for your mood ? or to fill the emotional hunger with food ? do you often get disgusted by ... is it difficult for you to express your feelings . put them into words ... is it scary to share your deepness with others ? do you often do it ? do you often feel lonely ? do you often say obviously when someone is explaining something ? or when someone asks for something . how do you recharge your batteries ? how do you recharge ? emotionally ... the book is in latvian . thank you , but esfj is fe - si - ne - ti too in socionics is not true . it is fe-si-te-ni just like i said . and te - ni are in the super-ego block . it is very important which one of them is ... appreciate your thoughts , but each theory interprets the information they're working with differently is not what it is . they are working with the same information from a bit different angle . or ... thank you , i liked your take on my ti . ok , so i have a few sources : gulenco's take on types . watched an extensive video on it . then i have 400 page book on socionis written by practitioner ... esfj socionics : fe - si - te - ni ... kiersey : fe - si - ne - ti ... there isn't a single type in socionics that has kierseys esfj first 4 functions in that order . they are all mixed up . so ... just can't wrap my head around this esfj socionics : fe - si - te - ni ... kiersey : fe - si - ne - ti ... ... it works for me . interesting . i am talking about socionics then . and in socionics esfj is intj's dual . and in socionics description of intj is pretty much that of what it is seen here and on videos . intj's ... you seem enthusiastic . but that doesn't mean anything . infp can be enthusiastic , to the point where she acts like a real extrovert . my sister is infp . but sometimes she'd put up this mask of being ... when you have a chance . until you build up your energy levels to stop craving bad food - go and be away from those people as much as possible . occupy yourself with other activities . ... thing with ... a good album :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6OB24I4fOs from my own experience of drinking water . i had the speeding up thing . and dizziness as well . forst 600ml an hour a bit too much mate . relax . start your first week with 2l - 2.5 l a day . give your ... you go like f it , i really don't care about socionics and in 15 seconds you are buying c . joungs book to make sense of it . then you realize it is as logical as anything else about socionics and you ... i've seen it happen a few times over with different isfj's ;) if i was to talk from my own experience with a few isfj's then yes they do try to save relationships even when situation really calls for ... what was that :D :D :D isfj's are really protective of relationships and sometimes when you need to get the job done you find out he wouldn't move because relationships above all and everything is chaos and you see one ... man you guys also know how to talk about wallpaper and floor of the room and then notice how great lamps are and how clouds are swirling in the sky and then have a chat about million different things ... '