' i'm only fluent in english . i took three years of spanish in high school , so lo sé un poco de español . but i'm going to learn french in college , which i'm super excited for . somewhere between a 5 and a 6 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjTIbuaGozU in the aeroplane over the sea by neutral milk hotel - - i see several others have already recommended it , so i'll just reinforce its recommendation . great , great album . any album by arctic ... americanah by chimamanda ngozi adichie and never let me go by kazuo ishiguro . i finally watched pulp fiction for the first time . interesting characters , great dialogue , and overall a good movie ; but the expectations were set so high for me that i didn't really get what all the ... you could probably get into any field that requires a bachelor of arts degree . that's what kind of degree i'm going to college for and i only have to take one math class to fulfill my gen . ed ... sanguine / melancholic . lavender girl , smelling the raindrops , touching the roses , finding her kin , lavender girl knew she wasn't really a flower but however she felt came from within https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3yod_H2XU8 i've never been too sure of my type . i've identified as all of the nfs at one point or another . i know that their ( xnfjs and xnfps ) cognitive stacks are entirely different but both of my feeling and ... biological female , enfj . the dialog window x'd out before i could screenshot my results . i do remember the whole numbers , something like 49 out of 100 masculine , 71 out of 100 feminine , and 66 ... i didn't realize this was a thing among enfjs but it makes so much sense . this really is what happened to me for the past few weeks . i wasn't outwardly rude to people , but just ... god i didn't want ... so , i'm a high school senior contemplating college majors . i've gone back and forth on many things but have recently been thinking of doing a double major in journalism and international affairs . i ... i'm an infj , and a senior in high school . i work retail part time and i plan to major in some sort of social science . i'm really interested in sociology , international affairs , anthropology , ... i saw the thread title and read it as is it odd that no guys bother with me ? and i was like i feel ya girl but no , i dont find it weird . i agree completely . i don't understand girls who put up ... there is one that comes to mind . life is pretty pointless , but your life isn't . im sure there have been more deep sounding things , or more complimentary ones , said to me . but this came to ... when you're researching celebrity mbti and you're happy to see morrissey is typed as an infj too ( because his music means so much to you , you angsty teen girl ) your soundtrack could be a film score , or a compilation of related songs , or produced by one singular artist . it could be twee and cheery or melancholy or both at the same time , or anything in ... i'm equal parts ravenclaw and hufflepuff i'd say . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN78DkeIeX8 i do a lot of writing . i write mostly poetry or ramblings about my life , but i thought of an idea for a short story series and plan to start that up soon ! i also read , blog , play guitar and sing . i ... back in middle school , we had a technology class , which had an emphasis on typing practice . the program we used timed me at an average of 90-95 wpm with near 100 % accuracy . ( this was amongst a ... it varies--i'm more often told i look young for my age ( 18 ) , usually around 16 or so . but on occasion , i've been asked if i go to school at the local college here ( i'm a high school senior at the ... i actually had a very good day today . i had to wake up early to go to school with my sister ( my midterms are over , she had one left ) but i got to talk with some friends in the library and just relax ... i don't really know what to say other than reading this did help me out , so thank you for taking the time to response . ( it's a bit bizarre because the way you write and the situation you went ... thank you guys so much for the input ! i've done some research into cognitive functions but i'll definitely continue to do more . :) there's scars in my eyebrows i'm pulling at my hair i'm squinting at the sun the train pulls out the station you grin from the boxcar dopey , sideways , lively scratch my face tempera paint ... by things i mean relationship things i guess . stupid relationship things . for some reason this stupid stupid , stupid and ultimately unimportant thing has me all bent out of shape and has had me ... juicebox by the strokes . ~ * too lazy to link sorry * ~ i've been a straight a student all throughout high school ( that may change now , what with midterms ... damn you ap statistics ) and have always been a very bright student academically . i've probably ... i don't personally believe so . i think it's more a mixture of outside influences ( the tastes of those you care about ) and some conditioning ( what music you grew up listening to due to your parents ... i'm young and haven't really dated much . but judging from the few dates i've been on , a good date has three key components for me : nature , food , and cuddling . i've been a writer my entire life i guess , but nowadays i mostly just write about my life and feelings , usually in verse or another poetic fashion . i have always wanted to write a novel or even a ... thanks for the input : ~ ) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? so i've , for years , considered myself an enfp with only slight preferences towards extroversion and perceiving . but nowadays , i feel ... i've found that my type of guy is really a varied sort of thing . let me give you a lowdown on the last three guys i've been interested in . ( 1 being the longest ago , 3 being most recent ) . 1 . very ... in a word , yes . i often feel very contrived with how my mood can change daily , it can be exhausting . in my time zone it's 1:30 . my sleep schedule is all wacked up due to winter break , but i have to work for nine hours tomorrow so i ought to be sleeping . oh well ; who needs sleep when you have really ... '