' i love how i hadn't posted for months until i saw this thread , now you know there are fair few intj rip van winkles about . 645138 that was quite touching . :') on the part in bold , i've never thought of it that way quite honestly , i know a handful of people who i have that kind of relationship with , people who i can be myself ... swedish french old english elvish ( sindarin and quenya ) spanish german persian italian pig latin i can be a very smooth talker when i'm not aware of it and when it's not my intended purpose . i think most of our communication isn't verbal . and even when it is , it's as short and precise as possible unless it's intentionally dragged out or ambiguous . no , not worth the time . no , i've ... i tried my hand at writing a blog or two about politics and current affairs , i thought that since i enjoy debating these things , it'd be worth writing about them too , but i gave up quite quickly , i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAlTOfl9F2w i'm not american , but i look on and i see bernie as the only tolerable candidate . trump has about the intelligence and nuance of an especially dimwitted baboon . hillary's rotten to the core , and the ... i helped an old lady cross the road yesterday , literally . no cold stare or protracted silence , no inner thoughts of global domination and strategy , and how i could use this moment of helping the ... intellect . has to be smart , strong , and has to be able to deal with me effectively , as a partner , not as someone i could roll over with a few calculated words . ambition . has to have some sort of ... now that i think about it , one of my best mates an infp and i got along with quite well , we were quite different in our styles , attitudes and and approach to others . what i admire most about infps is ... http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/things-i-hate-vandalism-irony-lists-on-the-wall.jpg okay , so this is a complicated one . and even with this post , there's a lot i won't go in to and that i'm not telling you ... i know , typical , right ? but here goes , in previous years i've not ... all i'd need : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4ezPvzKe5M ' goodnight , sweet prince . ' most often it's entj and infj for obvious reasons . my friends would guess the former , some people can mistake me for either including the latter . awesome , these lists give me a lot to consider . on my own list of books to read , to name but a few : city of god by st . augustine animal farm by george orwell a brief history of time by ... this thread's for all bookworms , literature that intjs ought to read or have read , reviews , recommendation . i enjoy reading , although i seem to limit myself to literature that i've already seen some ... behold ... 524802 just shaved , observe the chin , feeling smooth . :o) 524810 and here's an artistic visualisation of me , complete with a tux . nice of you to drop by . hey , you could be an excellent test subject for the intj death stare we were just discussing . http://awesomegifs.com/wp-content/uploads/clint-eastwood-staring.gif brace ... i take back what i said about not wanting to come across as intimidating , it's only true about 95 % of the time . reading your post made me recall the instances where i've used the death stare , ... i think loads of us have that death stare you describe , it's often unintentional , pretty natural , the death stare need not be aimed at a person , any space or inanimate object will suffice , but it's ... i agree with the rest of the assessment and differences . but on a personal level , the parts in bold describe the opposite of me in terms of being intj . i make a huge effort to tell people that ... depends on the weather , my mood , how much time i have before leaving , where i'm going . it tends to be either something comfortable , with no consideration for style or look , or big coats and lots of ... some people find me intimidating irl , and i don't blame them . i give them every reason to seem so . my flatmates at uni in first year thought i was either ; incredibly nice but withdrawn , weird and ... i don't know if it's typical intj behaviour , but what you just described op , i've also had , almost word for word . so you're not alone . i love art and creativity . it gives me joy where i may not get it from elsewhere . perhaps not so much in paintings in that form , the only tangible example i could give is that i like going to the ... quite sure he is , there are tell-tale signs of this . his stupidity of course helped him in the primary . as a foreign observer that is up to speed with us politics and fairly aware of the system you folks have there . trump seems to be the most ignorant , inconsistent , childish buffoon of a man i've ... http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/banks-hate-him-see-how-he-made-10k-dollars-in-an-afternoon-with-one-simple-trick.jpg i take interest in them to the point that they offer you insight about something unusual , and not when they're described with any validity or seriousness . during my second year at university i ... i take interest in them to the point that they offer you insight about something unusual , and not when they're described with any validity or seriousness . during my second year at university i ... a man is jaqen h'ghar ... 522353 perhaps it wouldn't be wise to hearken to the words of morgoth bauglir on these matters . but i'll continue anyway . green girl is absolutely right on that key trait of the ring that it feeds on the ... not just the us , but pretty much the whole world . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGjwMMlUhCQ oh also , op , if you're talking about responses and conversations in general , and not just questions . often the reason i bother explaining anything is when there's something i disagree with . if an ... it takes effort to say something , i'm lazy , and if i do speak , i'll make it count . i take a back seat as long as it's convenient , and as long as someone else wants to take the role , but often i find myself taking on the lead when it comes down to the thing people hesitate to do , ... i've got nothing to report , which is generally a very good thing . how come you guys take this intj stuff so seriously on here ? i know idgaf about it outside this forum . you don't need to answer that by the way , it just bothers me , and i had to ask . yes ... hodor ... esfp ? me : ' hey willis , what's your type ? ' hodor : ' hodor ... ' : happy : i'm a terrible liar , but i can bend the truth and make it very convincing at will . you'll find if you can strategize a conversation properly , specific lies aren't necessary at all , use your words ... because we give them all the reason in the world to seem dislikeable at times . sometimes , even i suffer being willingly disliked by others if i feel like not putting any effort in to explain / excuse ... tired , but unwilling to go to bed . need someone to come sing me a lullaby or hit me over the head with a dull object and knock me out for the night . that's very brave and incredibly nice of you . but if i were you , i'd just go ahead and ask , make it clear what you think of her and what you would like most from the relationship , try not to send ... only thing you'll notice about some typical intjs . they won't talk much , when presented with small talk , you get even more condensed conversation in return , often just one-liners or words . if you're ... architect ( intj-a ) only 20 % assertive though , that ain't much . hey sorry if my tone was off . i wasn't criticising you . :) just giving you a bit of an insight into the real intj and the online intj . especially here , it seems carrying the personality labels ... warning : you'll regret saying anything , you'll doubly regret not saying anything . you won't know what you're missing , but once you're in , this train will never stop . itt : i quite like infps . come to think of it , i've met the annoying and lovable variety of all personalities . some seem to do a better job at each , but nothing that would make me hate a specific ... '