' my roommate is an infp . how this happened , i don't know . anyhow , our friendship is a sequence of you ever feel like ... – yes ! i thought i was the only one who thought things like that ! we get ... my two closest friends x96 * they tie for proximity x96 * are an intp and an intj . i'm also really good friends with another intj , an enfp , and a fellow infp . the issue is murky because people who commit suicide are almost always in an unimaginably awful emotional place . i don't think people who commit suicide ever want their lives to end ; they just want ... how to communicate with estj ? don't . i'm kidding . one of my good friends is an estj , and i'm an infp – try that one on for size , will ya ? i think there are two things that allow us to have a ... private witt : do you ever feel lonely ? first sgt . edward welsh : only around people . - the thin red line i wouldn't consider myself a loner . do i suffer from feelings of loneliness and consequent ... estj parent : sometimes houses do need to be cleaned isfj parent : be super sensitive to others ' needs entj sibling : uh ... enfp friend : the world is a beautiful place intj friend : following your ... welcome to the tribe , buddy . people learn and explore dark corners of themselves during difficult times . i mean , my deepest thoughts and most interesting bursts of creativity are inspired by my ... thanks ! it wound up taking a way more personal bend than i ever intended , so it felt ... too much to put on public display . i started writing a brief story in response to this picture . it wound up being eight pages . the infp imagination is indeed kind of intense . basically , a man who is near death is given the chance ... my younger brother is an entj . we get along really well . he's hilariously unemotional and callous in comparison to me . my only complaint is that when he does show emotion , it feels incredibly ... sometimes . i know it sounds cynical , but with my work schedule – * i'm a graduate student on a teaching assistantship – it's hard to cherish the magic of christmas . there's also a lot going on this ... yeah , sure , pm me . i internalize everything , so being ignored feels like getting hit by a bullet train . i mean , i know people are just probably forgetting , but i'm never going to say , hey , can i come too ? because if ... i used to struggle with intense feelings of loneliness – * still do to some degree , but things have gotten better . one of the biggest obstacles to intimacy for me was just the unwillingness to be ... interesting . an infp friend i know in the real world loves wallace . i have a soft spot for walt whitman . i'm totally into comedy . tina fey is an inspiration . 451274 one day in sixth grade , my classmates and i were playing kickball . i was in the outfield , which meant it was my responsibility to catch the ball if it got near me . well , one time , the ball landed six ... i can definitely relate . when i was in tenth grade , i experienced an incredibly deep depression . i started whining about life in the most petty ways on facebook to a bunch of people all the time ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VErFODMZ7o i actually recommend the entire album imaginaerum . its emotional depth is absolutely incredible . it tells the story of an old man suffering from ... i've grown in countless ways during the past two years . i'm becoming more introspective and reflective by the day , but in a good , healthy way . i think about how i can be the best possible person ... i get a little irritated when people say , oh , i'm an infp , and i'm so misunderstood ! i can't deal with the broodiness and angst ; it seems seems immature . i think most people are misunderstood ... we're all pacifists here , bro . death is the winner in any war . nothing noble in dying for your religion , for your country , for ideology , for faith , for your myers-briggs type . actually , i specialize in research and teaching . i might get a counseling degree in the future , haven't decided yet . thanks for the encouragement ! i think he really wants to talk about his ex . and i know that's probably uncomfortable for you , but i think he really needs to let some feelings out . he's probably still dealing with feelings of ... absolutely . i am fiercely independent , and , in most cases , too insecure to be candid about my emotions with most people . so if i'm going through a difficult time , baring my soul is a last resort . very much so . my friends and i experiment with philosophy like nobody's business . i've dabbled in some nietzsche ( though it's been a few years , and i need to reread most of it ) , kant , kierkegaard , ... i'm somewhat familiar . i read beyond good and evil and thus spake zarathustra a while back . i think he's one of those absolutely brilliant mad genius types . if i'm correct , he was actually the first ... i once had a roommate who was an enfp . what a nightmare . he constantly screamed at me and teased me about my struggles with mental illness on a regular basis . that said , i have another enfp friend ... really shallow fears : ghosts , fire alarms , and cartoon trees with faces . deep fears : ( 1 ) that some fleeting emotion x96 anxiety , sadness x96 will keep me from fulfilling my purpose . ( 2 ) that ... i absolutely love that song and that movie . me : infp ( obvs ) brother : entj mom : isfj dad : estj yeah , i definitely felt like an outcast ... i've only had to cut one person out of my life . he used to be one of my best friends , if you could call him a friend . warnings that he didn't care about my feelings were everywhere . i kept him around ... i remember seeing this segment with my friend ( also an infp ) . we both gave each other a look of sheer joy when we found out stephen colbert was one of us . infp , psychology . if i had to do it over again , i probably wouldn't have picked psychology . it's absolutely fascinating on the surface . what drew me to the field was the notion that i'd get to ... confession : i've done tinder . i'm 95 percent sure i had a little alcohol in my system , but i digress . but sober me hates the idea of tinder . i feel like it turns others into objects that exist ... yeah , sure . what's up ? charlie is such an infp . i know it's a bit cliche , but i don't think i've ever been able to relate to a fictional character on such a level . agreed . i'm 23 and actually just watched star ... oh , yeah . constantly . my brain literally cannot shut off at the end of every day . but i've come to appreciate the moments where i can just sit down and think about life , doing nothing else . so i ... ha ! luke skywalker is kind of an infp icon . come on ... okay , i guess i can see your point . my choices ? uh ... napoleon dynamite . like why the hell was this ever a thing ? depends . for me , i love hugs from close friends i haven't seen in a while . i also feel like a hug is the only way to conclude an emotionally deep conversation . on the other hand , if someone hugs me ... great point . and teaching someone means you have to improve yourself too . very true . however , i think infps master different skills at different times in different ways . so if one infp is stronger than the other in something that infps generally struggle with ( e . g . , being ... my roommate is an infp . we just ... get each other . i can't describe it . we were friends a few years before we became roommates , but i never really gave him the attention or kindness he deserved – ... interesting . i'll consider myself outvoted . i just can't see primary ne in him , though . on second thought , one of my good friends is an entp ... and i can kind of see your point ... best : english ( i mean , my linguistic skills are damn good ) , foreign language , music , history , math . worst : science , particularly biology and anatomy . i'm good with physics and chemistry – sciences ... spoilers ahead . actually , i do see an fi / ne dom / aux function in watney . here ya go : i think that's classic infp optimism . furthermore , a lot of infps also have this beautifully ... i used to be really worried , but i'm not so much anymore . i've learned to trust my instincts on when i should feel comfortable . especially when they've been vulnerable . in fact , in hindsight , i've ... aww ... hugs . i believe we can all be forces of such good in this world . now that the movie's been out for a few weeks , what are your thoughts on each character's type ? i'm pretty sure that mark watney is an infp , though my friend passionately disagrees . teddy sanders ... the brothers karamazov . '