' i don't like reading right now , only because i already have to read large textbooks for my uni classes . but before college , i enjoyed reading a mixture of non fiction ( psychology-related ) and fiction ... trays the way villains laugh makes me think of crazy people laughing . like why in the world would a sane person laugh maniacally when they do something wrong ? it makes me think of the term madman for ... cheerful , observant , daydreamer , hopeless romantic eggsies yes , i know i messed up , too . just because i - and many other friends i've met online - am genuine online , doesn't mean everyone i talk to will do the same . i know that one of my ... i live with an intp , and yeah , sarcasm and jokes that seem to have a deeper meaning are a usual occurrence between her and her estj so . i suppose yes . however , when i meet someone for the first time , i tend to trust them almost completely ( i usually think the best of people ) . my intuition lets me know if something doesn't feel right ... infp favorite genres : story-driven single player , mmorpg , co-op action i do enjoy solo games , but i like the option of having friends . i also like story-driven stuff , but more into rpg instead ... maybe not totally catfished , but i was definitely deceived . i talked more about this on my blog , but long story short , met a seemingly nice guy on a game . eventually , we had some sort of feelings for ... i'm so sorry . it's just the worst feeling when every happy thing is just gone . i find that the heartbreak hits me in waves , where the most intense ones hit me right before , and after a break up . it ... floatingpoint i feel like i went back to my first semester of college . like , back in my first psychology class . interestingly , i can't remember much of what we learned , but all i recall is sitting ... this makes me think about my two ex bfs . i could feel like there was something special about them . like , despite their deplorable grades in school , i had a feeling that they were smarter than they ... kendall and kylie app that came out on google play . i've been at it for about 2 or 3 days , and now i've realized that it's finals week . i need to play it more so i can get bored of it quickly ... i have been confused about this for a while as well . i talked to my professor about it a few weeks ago and she told me that i probably test pretty evenly between s / n . it really depends on the ... same ! for everything except getting a d . maybe . i remember second grade being horrible , but i just remembered that i was always zoning out and i really didn't care . really , when i felt like something ... 90 percent of the time , i'm asleep on a plane . goodness , i don't even know what happens half the time ( but i'll only wake up when bfast / dinner / lunch is being served , and when you're on a long flight , ... omg ! what school do you go to ? i keep moving around so i had to look for the cheapest accredited online university i could find . fafsa was able to fund my first two years of college ( i went to a ... i look at pictures a lot . my first ldr last about 4 months ( the guy became a manipulating jerk , but we're okay now after 3 years because he is best friends with my mother ... ) while my second ldr ... 1 . does isfp really bad when showing their love in words ? i mean when they show their love in action it was all so sweet and so sincere but in words ... :( maybe , i suppose . my ex boyfriend all ... amphoteric lately , i've been thinking about botanical science as well . not seriously considering it , but it's crossed my mind . maybe i'd like to open up a plant store and take pictures of them ! ... that actually sounds pretty cool .. i may do something like that or be a school counselor maybe when i'm in my mid to late twenties . i just don't have the funds and i don't want to rake in debts i ... i graduated college with an associates in general studies . i really had no idea what i wanted to do , but i knew that i had an interest in psychology so i just took a lot of classes with that subject ... how interesting ! that's so true ! it made me think of beauty and the beast ! i find it a bit weird though because it seems like he's talking to other girls in order to make him feel good about himself ... i see ... the intj that i mentioned in my first post still holds onto a box of his ex gf's things . when i asked him why , he said that he'll keep it in there to remind him about how much she had hurt ... i'm the same way ! i work with strangers at the theme park that i work at and i find it so easy to talk to them instead of my coworkers ( i get drained after a day of working though .. ) . i don't long ... i've had best friends when i was a kid and teenager , but they always changed and looked for someone else . now i just have dear friends who i talk to like maybe several times a week to a few times a ... this is what i do ! i used to work at a bakery / cafe , and even though i knew that it wasn't for me , i did my best to pretend . like really , it's a fake it til you make it kind of thing . practice smiling ... how is it like being married to your istj ? after my ( almost ) 2 year relationship with an enfp , i realized that i couldn't see myself being with another high perceiver . then istj that i'm attracted to ... basically every guy that i have gone out with . every guy that i've thought would understand me and be attracted to my inner soul and want to know me as much as i want to know them . i'm feeling ... something hand made is just the best thing ! i was always over the moon whenever my ex would write me a love letter ( even though his penmanship could have been better ... ) , or when he would give me a ... as infps , i suppose it's in our nature to idealize the person we have our eyes set on . i know that my whole world becomes beautiful and the guy i like is so perfect ... even when my intuition is ... i wish i could be more like that ! i cry a little too much every time one of my relationships end ( well , not that i've had many , seeing as i haven't met many people that can break through my shell ) ... haha , it happens ! ! it seems like you are both emotionally and spiritually mature , which is actually a good thing when it comes to hurtful things . i am a christian as well , and my last relationship was also ... since i was three , i've always felt like i needed to like a guy . maybe my parents watched too many romantic films during my infancy ... every year there was a new guy that inspired me , and i would ... sonata for violin & guitar in e minor , op . 3/6 , ms 27/6 by paganini , niccolo . it's past midnight and i need to complete this dang essay . i need to learn how to outline better instead of just ... i have an intp aunt who has been heartbroken , but it's only ever lasted a few days . she was in a relationship with a guy for 7 years , and i don't really think she loved him , but she still cried ... it does , thank you ! every bit of insight helps me to understand the subject a little better :) i can relate ! i rarely talked to anyone at school , but whenever i got to see my ex bf , i could not stop talking to him . im fact , it was hard to tear me away from him because we'd talk for hours and ... i just give them a little smile and say , yeah , i know . i have nothing to say . that method makes sense . i should take this and apply it to when i go through my own break ups because i still cry months after one . i mean , i know it's silly and i should know better than to only ... hmmm ... so if you don't deal well , then how exactly do you deal with it ? just curious ! i find it hard to accept that my exes were able to quickly move on after our break ups ... well , one of them went ... i noticed that my intj friend is the same way , in that he brings up his baggage whenever he doubts himself ( which can be a little odd because he usually thinks he's right ) . is it like a forgive ... i'm so sorry that all of those happened to you .. and at a young age too :( five years is also a lot of time , but i'm glad that you were able to eventually move on . i hope you are doing much better ... parachute - kiss me slowly ( feeling like i'm in love with someone right now , so i'm into romantic songs :) ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7RbBB-lT5o i recently met an intj who never got closure when his girlfriend dumped him . he says that it doesn't affect him at all anymore . however , a few days after he told me about it , he told me that he ... my intj friend said that he enjoyed having lunch with me because of this ! he usually makes me laugh more than i make him laugh though :P i used a pun on an intj friend a few days ago and he totally got a laugh out of that ! i wish he would laugh more often because he always look so serious ! ! i've been reading about infp-intj pairings , but i have yet to see a couple as such . my first boyfriend was probably an isfj . the shyness attracted me at first , but the manipulation and emotional ... my freshman year wasn't too bad because i had grown up with friends , but i could totally feel that something was a little off . despite my childhood friends , i somewhat felt like i didn't fit it . when ... '