' as she interacts with her past , with the benifit of future events , she begins to capatilize on her insight . as the story evolves , her insight begins to wane . her interactions in the past begin to ... if we both carry blue eyes , they shoudl all be blue . but they aren't . carrier ? yes . predictor ? no . resesive genes can correlate to type , but can't predict it . i work in a technical field where details are rigidly interpreted , but noy always easily explained . thus exchange is useful and someitmes tedious . if i have a discussion / question that requires some ... if genetics is a factor , why are all 3 of my kids completely different ? they have the same mom and dad genes . while accounting for some varraince of which genes become dominant in each iteration ... if you suffer from chronic depression , and were only mildly responsive to ssri's and didn't like their side effects , try nsaid's . recent research has found a link to chronic depression and ... empathy . this leads to improved colaborative survival among a group . it alters the decision making process . and it isn't mutually inclusive either . they are just as dynamic as neuro-typical people . the lable may not excuse , but it might explain . a visually impared person wtih a cane and dark ... was ursi an istj , or just someone that liked to participate here ? her troll'ish and bi-polar'ish behavior didn't seem to fit any istj norms that i've seen . i'd guess tina read what she wrote and ... aspergers isn't in the dsm anymore , it's now just referred to as asd ( autism spectrum disorder ) . note the word spectrum . qualifying requires a preponderance of symptoms , but you don't need to ... next we need to get the mods to work on the fools that keep calling my work number to help me refinance my credit cards and renew my car warranty . i remember seeing those when i was an electrical contractor working on retail projects at other large chain stores before they opened for the day . seems to be a common thing . made me feel ... i've experienced this a lot with my istj , and came to realize through analysis ( and diretly asking after the fact ) that positives are rarely given because they are self evident . they dont ' need ... yah , i see a lot of mentions about what they think ( they don't care , they do it on purpose , etc ) but there is never any evidence that they actually asked the aspie what they were thinking . they ... my anxiousness seems to revolve around feedback i recieve , and actions i observe that don't meet expectation . realizing my partners love language was very different from mine helped me realize the ... yes , she knew me when i was struggling , then i was very cool and wise . now i have no value , and in fact i represent all that is wrong . i've been shamed by her for that success ( and no , i feel no ... i've seen this in reverse too , and if you think about it i'm sure you have seen it as well . i was once un-friended by a long time friend on facebook because i pointed out her hypocracy while ... oxymoron : a genious that trusts the validity of a 3 question test . my view is to be prefaced by the fact that i don't have a high desire / pleasure response to eating , it's just fuel . i do get cravings and love certain things , but i woudl skip meals if it didn't ... has it ever happened to you before ? i had a lot of tragic loss as a child ( dad , sister , close grandmother ) , and a very good mom that got us through . i just learned to handle it . now as an adult it ... my statement that the cycle will repeat itself . he is genuine in his offer , but know it will happen again and i speak from experience , not speculation . isn't a sweeping generalization in my ... it already happened once , are you missing that ? that changes the statistical probability from purely theoretical to established propensity . i appreciate your civility , btw . not trying to argue . if my anecdote is irrelevant because one can't learn from / apply actual experience and apply it in a general way , then your logic would rule this entire forum irrelevant . it's a logical fallacy . ... this cycle will repeat itself . he is genuine in his offer , but know it will happen again . i speak from experience , not speculation . if you can cherish the good times when they are there and ... yah , we need to quit using radiation like its a bad word . technically you emit massive amounts of it all day long in the form of infra-red radiation , and it is what thermal imaging cameras look at ... early astronauts were in a 100 % oxygen environment for days at a time , but the air pressure was 1/4 of normal so the density of 02 was about normal . this was done to save weight . the stopped doing ... it's like wondering when an extrovert got over being introverted . i think a type qualifies as a disorder when that type is unable to cope / thrive amongst the rest of society . take autism , there are many high functioning high iq autistic people among us . some ... no , they are not . you get more radiation from the sun , and unless you want to live in a cave you should accept that being bombarded by invisible energy waves of many types is normal . it was part ... would you feel better if we just held on to incorrect beliefs ? in the mean time we have to work with what we know , so we can react as appropriately as possible in the moment . leave the door open ... motor delays are a common symptom in early development , it results in an apparent clumsiness because durin gthe short window of time that we all develop our motor skills , they are simply behind , and ... it's a spectrum disorder , not a positive or negative test result . thus you diagnose it by discovering a compelling preponderance of evidence , not a pass / fail . you seem to have demonstrated a ... at least he had the decency to tell you , and it's just brutal honesty . not a ploy or to cover up some other reasons . istj's are very loyal , but when it's done , it's done . he probably did love you ... my oldest son is 14 , and is diagnosed asperger's . he was rather high functioning at an early age due to intensive parental support to help him meet emotional developmental milestones . this support ... i'd believe the data though , i owned a restaurant for 12 years , and am intimately aware of the costs of selling food to the public . if there were genuine biological side effects , we would have found them a century ago . high power electrical lines have been very near to human cohabitation for many generations . average life span ... the half wave wavelength of 60 hz is 8,200 , 000 feet ( over 1500 miles ) . it's pretty difficult to resonate your body tissue at that frequency . high frequencies are far more dangerous . a microwave ... yes , my company owns lines that go up to 500,000 volts , the ones in my area go up to 230,000 . those are transmission lines , the lower distribution lines deliver power to the neighborhood , the large ... and global warming , and to spank your kids or not to , and the virtues of being vegan . the high towers you speak of are the ones i work around , and the electromagnetic field density of using a cell phone placed to the side of your head is much greater than being 700 ' from a high ... technical or mechanical themed jobs , where you work on systems , not in systems . these all require collaboration as well , but the work is the work , not people centric . excuse ? really ? you sound ignorant or under informed . aspergers is no longer a separate diagnosis , it's just a version of autisim . it's a disability , not a choice . it's an inability , not a lack ... sounds like you have anxiety problems , and i'm not trying to dismiss your fears here . i've worked within 10 ' of a 230,000 volt line caring thousands of amps many times . it feels no different from ... i was lucky to be good at technical stuff , so i work in a technical field where introversion is pretty common and widely accepted . i am outgoing and well connected with my technical teams , and it's ... i realized i was semi anti social when i was in grade school . i used to hate that about myself , like i was the broken one . i found the shallowness of most friendships distressing . i did have a ... i'm and infp , and feel the same way . i came to cope with it the same way as yardiff bey . if you miss career opportunities over this , you either work for the wrong boss , or you are in the wrong ... this reminds me of when it became popular for white kids to imitate the black ghetto rappers of my high school years in the late 80 ' s and early 90 ' s . when wiggers were born . they didn't want to ... my aspie knows right from wrong , and is very compassionate and concerned with the happiness of others , but when he is under the spell of a compulsion or obsession , he can't be stopped . he will do ... my oldest son is an aspie , and the areas i see him struggle with the most in social situations are things that are not aspergers , his struggles are with the other traits that are frequently comorbid ... doccium my oldest son is autistic ( asperger ) , he had the same pattern and the same time line in his early gradeshool . add / adhd , ocd , and anxiety disorder often go with aspergers . we were lucky to ... i found i have a lot of offer my co-workers in regards to teaching , sharing knowledge . i have often been the most technically competent member in my work groups , and despite being somewhat ... '