' sensors r so dum lolol da n label valid 8 my speshul omfg don't joke about obscure things that would never , ever happen you insensitive prick . :P i like the chao in sonic adventure 2 : battle much better than its predecessor . reicheru had that problem at university . they would not accept my introversion or need for time / space and when i asked for it would not accept it at all . so now i commute instead . don't be surprised if people ... thank you . i will treasure it always . my ni's got nothing considering i haven't looked at anything outside the spam section for weeks due to lazy , oblivious inferior se . inferior se says whaaa ? wha happunnn ? hmm . y'could draw me whatever you think a dagnabbit would look like . ;) the boundaries have been expanded to me / broken down , so their right to say it's my business was ultimately forefeited . i went from somebody outside the matter ( though aware ) to being put on the ... not at all , considering the person in question paraded it in front of the whole group / bragged . the moment they aired it in front of the group is the moment they made it my business also . if they did ... i am sick of that also and try to make it a point to stand up for what i believe in . on the other hand , i'm then seen as forceful and judging . even when it's something as simple as , you us all you ... hey , wouldn't want to feel guilty about the starving african kids now would i ? i used to have an intj friend who was overweight . i'd pick three dumb members i disliked in order to off them and be alone on my island without being detected or feeling guilty about it . :D :( ... please be okay . <3 yiffstick white dwarf happy birthday . you're 1 year closer to death ! have a swell day . <3 the relieving moment when the offender was b & and we can just smile at one another & chuckle nervously like it was less disturbing than it was . i don't think i've had one of those fluffy feeler moments in a long time . these days , my feely-weelings are just another thing fuelling the runaway train of must campaign for this and this and this i desire a soaking bath scented with lavender , and maybe some rosé . i'm dirty today . and i desire some food . i'm thinking a sandwich ; something with chutney , or red onions . i haven't seen my ... the very awkward moment when one perc member writes a sex poem to another on a public board . i am your baby daddy . i'm willing to wager that the people in this thread preaching that amanda deserved it , that she brought it on herself , that she is weak would not last much longer under the same torment - not only ... you clearly have never experienced empathy . i dislike or am indifferent to most other people in my social circles at this particular point in life , both male & female . but i have always preferred the company of men since i could rip off a ... wow , enrapturing . i want to change my name to ' definitely ' now because of this thread . anyway , welcome to perc . your name makes me smile . 1 . actually it is quite understandable that somebody might misconstrue you as a troll considering you have such a low post count and on your second post on this forum go on the attack . it is your ... most times i engage se i either fall flat on my face or get a headache . i try to live in the moment , and my brain goes into overdrive interweaving all of the possible problems and consequences ... you know you're a sensor when not one detail in your immaculate home or a personal project is out of place . :) ah , good ! well then i wish you luck . have you experienced any signs of hyperactivity or been unusually impulsive , nervous , or irritable ? do you have high levels of anxiety at this point in time , or feel like other people are out to get ... absolutely ! especially the last sentence . matters of the heart are never simple are they ? xd if only stores sold crystal balls ... ( batteries sold seperately ) sorry , i seem to have been the one to misread your post . xd no worries . i agree with you . i suppose it would've been better to agree on how we define ' dating ' - i was more referring to ' dating ... i think i see what you are trying to say , but breaking up with somebody and seeing multiple people as once are two different things . if anything the negative effects of dating around can be more ... different mbti , same cognitive functions but i completely agree with you , op . i personally do not see the difference between promiscuity & dating around . calling it dating around instead of ... i've never met a douche who stomped all over somebody else's feelings & didn't think they were a nice guy . just saying . for some reason i misread the title of this thread as ' bacon bondage ' ... that's what long-distance relationships do to you , folks . :'( i am curious - do you believe , then , that istjs think more visually than intjs ? or are you implying the opposite ? why ? very interesting read , thank you for posting . :) i would have to agree that ... the creepy , weird kid who always sat alone at the back of the class . somewhere between weirdo / dork / misanthrope / animal lover / ' drawer ' / sarcastic ass . both thinking functions are high , fi is also present high up and se ranks the lowest on that list ... i would say you're probably an intj . inxp doesn't seem likely , seeing as you're too low on ne ... like i said , i stopped hiding it upon realising typism is unavoidable & simply forgot to change back the tag thing in the profile . :p i originally hid mine with the intention of avoiding typism , as muchaparadox said . however , this worked against me , as people continued making typist remarks against me , assumptively stereotyping ... congratulations on reaching your 1,000 th post and making me lol with the most epic forum name i've seen on here in some time . :P oh yes , and op , i like the smily face in your mypersonality.info box . it gives me the fuzzy wuzzies . no . mistypes are always going to happen , and not everybody fits perfectly into one square , neat little box . i sometimes might think to myself , this person seems more xxx but i always conclude that ... the one thing i have less time to do than post that much is post about how much others post . bit of a mouthful that one ! : tongue : pe and pu . clearly . '