' when you have this strange sensation emanating from your stomach and you ask , what is this strange feeling ? you realize , moments later , that it's a very rare sighting of motivation . i believe that intps are naturally ( meaning it does not come natural or is it very difficult to bring to the surface ) selfish creatures . just the other day , someone mentioned that their dog ... when you realize that true , unbiased self-analysis can really only happen when you are not in a fully aware state of mind ... and then realize the fact that you are not in a fully aware state of mind ... here's a small , immature album of my getting out of the house to get a long overdue car wash . my inner child appears at the car wash . - imgur i'll be honest ... i'm into grunge rock ... pearl jam , nirvana , bush , and alice in chains are still some of my favorites ... i enjoy listening to them because ... i just connect to it easily . my thoughts are very loud tonight . just thought you should know . entjs scare the shit out of me . my sentiments exactly . i'm always the gray . just so i can cut people off in central america and say , you shall not pass . this is diabolical . i'm printing this for my college printers . i am unable to see this . i don't know what you're talking about . when i was a 17 , my class was all int ... ps ... oh yeah ... i dropped out and graduated at 16 . never mind . when you have an intervention about 2 things at once : your reclusive nature and your superiority complex ... a bunch of random crap that i don't remember . u200esorry i'm late . i blame the police . you were pulled over ? no . roxanne was on the radio . no self respecting music lover leaves their car when roxanne is playing . my best excuse yet . i use nothing and i suffer for it . this will never change . i should stop poking fun at people's grammar over facebook ... but ... the , they are mean , or the mean belongs to them ? jokes are so funny ... yep . we shall head up a team immediately ... in a bit ... maybe . no fucking way i googled it . i can point out the flaws of everything ! wait ... with all intps in this city ... will there be flaws ? 0.0 i'm jobless . i guess i can be the second leader when the first commits suicide from ... i want to fake my death and have pod to play at my funeral ... just to see who gets the joke . 62921 this was a few months ago . thanks for the explanation ! i've noticed that infps tend to be ... a free spirit , in a sense . whether or not you guys / girls are the same , you don't enjoy being categorized . in fact , i'd speculate that , at a deeper level that my ... intps of the world ... unit - oh , fuck this . i'm going to take a nap . i have a long fuse ... but if you get to the very end , i will blow up with a vengeance . me too . t_t i used to be an emotional person like you ... then i took an arrow to the fe . malkavian . damnit ! i need to stop watching movies with my two year old sister ! no comment . why do i even make a point of being social when all my effort goes down in spectacular flames ? i can't seem to have a decent conversation with certain people without them brushing anything i have to ... i prefer cwod , myself . also , i'm running a 9th generation malkavian ( fuck my life with random generations given by st ... ) with a shitload of mental attributes . xd so i'm writing this paper ... and the topic is , what's your favorite news media ? i feel stupid just writing this ... the liberal use of , i in this thing is atrocious . it's a sad existence when you ... just a question ... i recently played through vampire : the masquerade - bloodlines for old time's sake , and thought , damn , malkavians are like intps ... i think intps are like malkavians . i met her in my mind . sadly , she's yet to come out . i heard that sitting by the door and waiting can coaxe a mate out of hiding . i'll try it . if only i could actually find the door to my mind ... just last week , my professor introduced herself as professor mayer , to which i almost replied , yes , but your body isn't a wonderland ... social anxiety , pride ( not accepting help , as it's an insult to my intelligence . ) , more social anxiety , women , and second guessing . i actually have a very long fuse when it comes to getting ... i really need more friends who have similar interests ... yes , i have at least one similar interest with each of my current ( and nearby ) friends , but all the relationships seem strained . i'm not the ... when your excuse for procrastination is the law of large numbers . ah , good point ... i forgot about that ... learned this in a wrinkle in time . doh ! i believe the 4th dimension is time , correct ? so a 4th dimensional being wouldn't be limited by time ... like the ellimists in animorphs ! : 3 meh , go for it . : 3 so ... gravity . it's universally accepted and fundamental law of science . but what makes a theory into a law , you ask ? it never gets challenged and is accepted . i don't like gravity . it ... jedi - fucking - academy ! so many hours of my life right there ! wow ... that came at the perfect time ... i've been obsessing over a girl recently ... < _ < you know you're an intp when you and your anthropology professor begin to debate metaphysics in the middle of class for 5 minutes while the rest of the class stares in confused silence . hello ! i enjoy seeing new nt types , although i'm a little bit intimidated ... my mother is entp ... and she never let's me finish a sentence . < _ < i'll hire a bat-shit crazy taxidermist beforehand , of course . i'm too lazy to conform to proper fork-holding etiquette , preferring to just hold the fork however the hell is comfortable at the damn time . : 3 i hate twilight with a passion . yes , i read the books . i'm an american registered independent only because i'm annoyed by stupid people trying to argue with my political association ( or lack of , ... '