' i say possibly high ... on the not knowing things we dont know . im 10 % sure your not an intp ... reasons ... meh ... also the enthusiasm thing ... dont know been a while :P possibly . not gonna rule it out cause i havent heard any evidence of it . most likely no ... ive tried to an extent for funsies : tongue : and no results . nope , no reason to get with someone if i dont even like them . i enjoy music ... quite simple :D dont remember my type info ... dont feel like looking for it either . 1 ) dont got nothing strong enough to be considered a passion . i got things i like but nothing i would call a passion . 2 ) ... nope , my sleep and waking is pretty unstable and varies often . paranoia sometimes . hmm aiki , akumetsu , hellsing ( gory and violent ... real good one :D ) are some i can think of . all around 90 chapters which isnt that long and their done already too . 1 ) yes and almost did it but me still being here shows how that ended up . 2 ) no but its a choice not a solution , a choice that anyone can make at anytime for any reason . 3 ) no everyone has the ... a place with a comfortable climate not hot or cold not warm or chilly . nice and quite a place where you dont see anyone unless you want too ... that would be nice . i took a test and it gave me intp and the description hit the nail on the head a couple times so i just went with that . i was asleep for most of high school , like napping at any chance i got ... ahh good times . sometimes its easier to just humor some people , in other words have a good tolerance for annoyance ... it comes in handy . i dont think love is toxic , it just makes people stupid . never underestimate the power of love ! ... to make you do something stupid . though it may make you do stupid things it looks like it feels ... ehh ... not really i guess , if i do then it goes away quickly cause i cant really remember any examples of feeling shame . yup had a few here and there , they suck pretty hard . im a bit random sometimes since i tend to find myself wondering why i do some things with no real reason . and i love music so the note part comes into play thus randomnote . ... meh maybe . short answer : yes . yes but you can also try the literary and art areas too . you can try a university , you might find a few there . with violence and as for stress with something fun to take the edge off . and i only get annoyed when they explain something they know i know already but they do it anyway . as long as it doesnt go against my interest then ill just play along since they'll get annoying otherwise . but if it conflicts then ill not listen . yup graduating high school was meh to me but everyone around me was like thats great ! were proud of you . its something to be proud of blah blah blah . i just dont get it sometimes , whats to be ... a lot of music gives me a rise either good or bad but some just doesnt do it for me . this one did give me a good rise when i first heard it , its a cover but without vocals and its damn good .  ... sounds like a great way to get your ideas stolen and turned into something big . anyway rather than item ideas i got story ideas i guess . does that count ? i do not remember but i know i did pretty ok even though some things on there i remember never being taught in school so i winged it . live ... thats all you need to know * shifty eyes * but no seriously just live is the answer i came too . ... nope . i would like kids at some point in life but then i think if they get my personality or something similar then ... f * ck me that sounds terrible . so im kinda uhh on the topic at the moment . i prefer not to cause its a bother . intp and prefer cats cause they are cleaner in a sense to me . im only here to kill time for a bit so i dont really care about typing or peer pressure . im an intp cause thats what i kept getting when i took whatever test i took and some of the things mentioned ... i saw the young music video on tv and pretty much loved it so i went and looked for their other songs and found i liked the rest of their songs . i dont go to live concerts since i prefer to hear the ... me over here . known about them since their first album swan songs and yeah your pretty late to this one . : laughing : back when i was highschool which is years ago is when i found out about them . i love making public speeches ! 1.2 . and 3 . nope 4.us 5.yes 6.uhhh ... neither ? well ive never met one but ill take your word for it . im male reason being i look down and i got some stuff there and by science that is male ... at least for our species . im straight but at some point in my teenage years i was still figuring stuff out ... i like baseball used to play a bit not on a team or anything just for fun . i tend to keep myself calm for the most part cause when i get pissed i get the urge to bash whoever pissed me off over the head ... and tend find myself doing it too ... so yeah i put a lot of ... about as much as any other living thing . from a non personal view every living thing has the same value no matter what it is . from a personal view anything i like has more value as well as my life ... you dont have to kill them ... its just faster that way . never done a job interview but looked around and found some stuff . for your experience problem you could say : im still building experience but am a fast learner . also can use something ... : laughing : remember go for the eyes if it ever comes to that . at which ? the one asking for it cause they're an ass or the ones actually asking for it cause its their thing ? : laughing : anyway you should be prepared for the possibility of that person kicking ... well ... some people really ask for it ... and some people actually ask for it but thats a whole other topic ! : laughing : well if you dont know how to do it then yeah either learn or do what you said . or go for the eyes that works too . a great way to get the cops called on you indeed . id say go for the throat it has better results or stab your fingers in their throat either one works . but always remember do it where people cant see like in an ally or back of the bar . '