' intp , i bet . cryptonia , sometimes it's helpful just to take the numbers and scribble them somewhere that's not a notebook . sometimes , it's helpful to say them out into ( relatively ) empty space . ... so ... is 990 posts 100 % ? what happens after that ... ? and if i'm already at 33 % , that's 903plus1 . kinda . 300 .. not quite ran dom my 300th post ... i am actually testing . we definitely need more forums . this thread is not that unpopular . so trope can you recommend any anime that has a mythological / mystic style ? to be honest , i haven't found anything except sailor ... i think the question if you could be any superhero of your making , what would your power ( singular ) be ? probably helps to answer this question - like , if i could have any supepower ... yeah ... i ... oh , yeah - that's definitely the worst i've got . but it's not particularly infj . what is it ? so what's the worst you've got ? for me , i will relentlessly pick at someone until he sees logic . ( although this is not always my logic ) i do often reduce people to fits of hysteria . what's ... does that mean you don't know what to say , but you're thinking ? maybe ? smileys are so not helpful . i could give you a plus for listening , if you were . uh - there's your answer , snail . they're important . that's why they are stickied . it's a thread that gets stuck ( stickied ) at the top of any forum . generally , it is reserved for the most important or timely threads . that's something that's confusing - and frustrating - to me , as well . do you just ask ? or are there specific requirememts ? please post helpful suggestions here . i find going from regular forum to private messages is awkward . even going through the general forum is hard , but that's another thread . also - i don't ever know what my - whatsit ? ( sorry ) ... i like you . this i just listened to , because i wanted to be reminded : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2zSNOWpI9s godtube.com - dc talk - jesus freak ( christian rock ) <- same scene , different format ... ok , cuz mine is so much better . nice to se ya willed yerself here . badgers be praised . jenn , your son's cute . <g> folk-science or pseudo-science ? oh , and the reason i have no pet is because lunz took my tiger . <pouts> go write it ! good job . what about kuchiki byakuya ? my guess is intj , but i do think that's wrong , of course . had absolutely forgotten - and hate - the filler at 33 ( bleach ) what were those messages in 32 ? sorry , i would start a new thread , but new threads seem tiresome . so in the middle of the screen - was that on purpose ? <winks> aren't they like a whole person ? well , are you ? i must be an infp . <g> the sentiment i retracted was about how intuition can't be taught - but it can be trained . in an academy , for example . which is why i think ichigo is an f . i don't see why it't difficult to be an infp and be a very successful actor . as i said , calypso , - it helps me to develop my skill . archetypes . universal . mind-broadening . and kiss my ass . can you please propose a constructive reason it might not be enlightening you ... fuck off , gold slut . ( this was such a joke - i hope you get it . <g> ) you can donate it . just donate it to me . lance - can you reverse the forward and reply message icons ? i think reply should come first . as a sidenote , since i haven't said anything else , kiss my ass , and then start a thread about the fallacy of the irremediable fact of archetypes . i beg you . yes , the point is he was trained in short order . is that a title ? if you give me the number it's more efficient , which is why i didn't consider it . < winks at her f / cking relentless p > why ... <retracted> - - - but you do think he's an s , trope ? oh , i assure you - infp's prolly have the strongest shadow sides . thank you - that's what i'm looking for . in the mean time ... this is an infj : http://mitora.s22.xrea.com/rukia.png ( i will do this multiple posting thing , by the way . they're separate thoughts . ) so the snide remark i was going to make is ganju is a scorpio . right now , i'm most curious about ganju . also ... do you think the characters are harder to type if you don't watch in the original language ? i know at least rukia is . her voice actress sucks . na - an intuitive would not phrase a question like this : but yoruichi , what happened to your tail ? it looks like one of those flexible toothbrushes or maybe a man would just never ask a ... hm . i'm talking about the episode where they have to make the cannonball . but i started a new thread . wheee ! so this is just for fun , for you anime fans who like to hypothesize about typing . what are the types of ( any and all ) various characters in bleach ? i'm rewatching episodes i saw in a drunken ... no way . look at episode 24 . heheh . ichigo does not use intuition . iloveyoukndredsoul random observation - i thought the guy with his heart in his mouth was a woman - before i noticed the exposed appendage . seconded . can there be disgruntled feminine spirits ? so is ichigo from bleach an isfj ? '