' lol i can think of now is arrested development when tobias runs around saying douche chill in the high sing-song voice ! i don't really care how i look to other people but i suppose i do care how i look to myself . i'm of a somewhat athletic build ( wider shoulders , skinny waist ) and i find i will go in and out of phases ... not sure what you're asking here ? oh i agree completely , and i'm definitely not saying that i wasn't deserving of blame in the relationship obviously it takes two , i would just appreciate ... this post seemed to sum up my personal experience with an esfp . i might end up dating another enfp one day , but i'd see myself with an entp first . in my experience , i just couldn't handle how all ... hmm that is quite interesting . i've been asleep and aware of sleep paralysis before but i never thought of that being a way to lead into a lucid dream ! i'll have to give this a try sometime soon .  ... i was curious as to how many other intjs have been interested in or have been able to successfully have lucid dreams . the idea behind lucid dreams is that while dreaming you can recognize you are ... i met an intj female a few years ago , not surprisingly , it was in a scientific based job . this was before i had even gotten into mbti , but we just automatically clicked which was funny because ... by she used to , meaning she doesn't anymore ? if so that's a step in the right direction to handling drinking too much . and have you explained that being the reason you strongly dislike her ... well put . i agree with this to an extent . the words be yourself still apply in the sense you don't want to try to be someone else just so other people will like you but i do agree that it takes a lot ... i find that when i'm upset i end up finding a new hobby which usually requires me spending money up front to get into the new hobby so yea i guess in a way i splurge but it's for a good cause sent ... in time , however , the very children the batman was trying to keep safe realized that being a billionaire who made fancy gadgets was not required to become a hero , and instead they simply had to eat ... one of the biggest things that have helped me to be ( slightly ) better at small talk is learning that too many questions is a huge turn off for conversation for people not like us . the trick i learned ... convince myself that she is wrong or it somehow won't work out or that my emotions are tricking me and go about my way . otherwise i spend an excess amount of time getting to know her and making a ... i got a marble stuck up my nose one time . i wasn't young enough to be proud of it sent from my htcone using tapatalk this is me , i have been trying to get to sleep at this time but i naturally go to sleep at about 2 . ha i just spent an entire week staying up until 4-6 every night but that was a special occasion ... if he's like me after something like that happens , he is doing nothing but thinking about you and what just happened . when unexpected things happen , especially in relationship form i go into a ... my only real desires are to work / earn just enough to spend the most amount of my time doing what i love . i currently only work 30 hours a week and it's fine , if i get a better paying job i will ... i'm not racist , i hate everyone equally ! sent from my htcone using tapatalk http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WyPcBuOwnac&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DWyPcBuOwnac that was a somewhat depressing eerily accurate rendition of my teenage romance , on the receiving end of course . not sure if given the choice i would keep the experience for learning purposes or take ... probably my favorite to date was you look perpetually pissed off a few others : you're so stubborn ! i thought you hated me at first you're so weird i ask because i know you'll tell ... have you ( intj ) ever been truly loved by someone ( family , friend , so ) ? yes i think so . if so what made you ' feel ' loved ? to me i feel loved when someone truly understands me , will go out for ... i'll also claim the same problem . i can't say i only end up going on dates when i'm at an strange / low / stressful point in life but it has seemed to happen too many times to be a coincidence . personally , i would love sneaking around a museum depending on what kind of museum it is . if you know random tidbits don't be afraid to say them as the intj would appreciate this kind of input and ... i got 15 out of 20 :d isappointed : but on the write in for what i looked at to determine i put eyes and cheeks so i guess i was examining the right places sent from my htcone using tapatalk personally i have to find the proper balance between doing something that focuses on and releases all my pet up emotions / endless train of thought about them , the suggestion to take up writing random ... i also forgot to include music in my art abilities . i play quite a few percussion instruments , and am about to start learning the violin , and i thoroughly study and enjoy all kinds of different music ... dug up one of my kauai photos .. hard to get a bad shot of that tho http://img.tapatalk.com/d/13/12/14/sy4uva7a.jpgI have a intj friend who is good with art and going after a degree in historical ... death is the solution to all problems . - stalin sent from my htcone using tapatalk i second this . i have liked girls in the past and backed off completely for various reasons but that didn't mean that i didn't like them still . personally i've thought that i showed someone i was ... haha no i'm sure it doesn't help . i find that i have a love hate relationship with the library . i enjoy the idea of having endless possibilities in terms of books and subjects and knowledge at your ... my goal is to one day have an entire library section of my home , complete with the wall sliding ladders and all . i'm absolutely devoted to my books and i hate reading them on an e-reader in ... death glare obviously . sent from my htcone using tapatalk i've almost exclusively dated enxp's . not on purpose but after thinking back on my relationships i seem to end up with them . with that being said , i can be a somewhat social introvert and like to ... haha i am well aware of the paraguay reflex and have experienced it in several cases . but i suppose what i want to do is just see how she acts the next time or two that we're together and if it seems ... accidental double post - _ - : annoyed : so correct me if i'm wrong , but it seems many entp's get bored with long term relationships and like to experience new ones . do any of you have an admitted safety net person that you know you can ... see , this is why i don't get into relationships . i'm not even in one , but the possibility of one has sent my head spinning . instead of sleeping at this hour i'm awake , thinking of the endless reasons ... whoa whoa .. are we discussing the kingkiller chronicles here ? ! one of my favorite series ever . patrick rothfuss wrote the first two books masterfully . it depends on who i'm with and the circumstances and so forth . the only time my personality changes is when i feel like i have to be more social then i let it do its work . then i probably become an ... eh she did about two years ago and i told her i was happy being single at the time which that probably threw a kink in the works so i had an interesting event happen last night . an ex of mine who i'm unsure of what type she is , seems like an entp , decided that she wanted to try dating again . unfortunately we had both been ... yesss ! ! ! i'm going to see her in concert this friday actually . i already posted this in the quotes today but it seemed fitting to repost it here the ugly and stupid have the best of it in this world . they can sit at their ease and gape at the play . if they ... the ugly and stupid have the best of it in this world . they can sit at their ease and gape at the play . if they know nothing of victory , they are at least spared the knowledge of defeat . they ... lab coats : thumbup : sent from my htcone using tapatalk in some instances , it represents something that means so much to you you'd rather have it be a part of you , or carry it with you as a constant reminder . as for intjs getting something just cuz ... i don't have any yet but i do have a few planned , one will go on my shoulder blade , one on my side , one on my calf most likely . they are all fairly personal and i have had the ideas in mind for years ... being insane . sent from my htcone using tapatalk personally , i've never found that religion and science have to contradict each other . that's all i feel like saying on the matter . haha sent from my htcone using tapatalk '