self-centered , moody , lazy , envious , materialistic , ummm i think that's the bulk of it . yes , lol i hate labels because i feel as if they are extremely limiting and restricting . i feel as if once somebody labels me as something it's putting a limit on my potential and puts me in a box . i'm more ... doesn't sound like an isfp at all ... no , no tips but i can't wait until i get paid so i can spend all of my money on lush produuuccctsss ugghhh + _ + i seriously love bath and body products i'm very good with my hands . at my job i can work really quickly when it comes to shipment . gripping hangers , sensoring clothing etc etc . i wish i'd realized that i was good at working with my hands ... it's the same with me ^ _ ^ i don't think i've ever gotten isfp in an mbti quiz i usually score as some sort of intuitive but other members on this forum type me as an isfp and say that i have an ' se ' ... you're an enfp now ? : 3 when did you find out about your new type ? i really love this and i think it's so amazing . you did a really great job op :-) i feel so empty and lost . who am i and what am i supposed to be doing ? hmmm maybe enfj or esfp ? hell i'd be them all just to gain a different perspective . i'm not really sure what my numerical rating would be but i'd say i'm ok at it . there's times when i'm totally oblivious to it but that's because i'm self absorbed . i mean i know when to be serious ... i want a canon rebel so damn bad . my current wishli $ ht includes : black and white pair of nike roshe , black and white pair of nike free runs , beats headphones , and a mac book . i kept meaning to post in this thread because it's such a lovely idea but ... i kept on forgetting : tongue : anywhoodle i'm very accepting of others . i'm encouraging and supportive and i like to ... yes i do and its mainly because my work persona is so different from how i really am . when i'm at work it's like this giant wall goes up and i come off as cold and distant and i think it's because ... being in my house all day is driving me mad mad mad mad mad . i need new experiences and i can not for the life of me get shit done when i'm at home . i can't believe it took me 21 years to figure ... same with me :) i don't force myself to write in it daily i only do it when i feel the urge . i find myself asking myself this questions daily . sometimes i think that i may be a rational type because i'm always trying to find the point and i need everything to make sense . is anyone else like ... procrastination / laziness self doubt moodiness death of a character who was important to the main character . i can't bear it . or a diary of some sort ? what kinds of things do you find yourself writing about ? i've been keeping a journal / diary for the past 2 years . i have so many of them . some i've filled up and some i've ... my coffee is so bitter it's gross : € i always feel like drawing but i never know what to draw ... time to growse da . it is pretty slow paced in here but like the others have said it just reflects the easy going style of isfp . if you feel like we need better topics and discussions why not create the threads that ... slytherin . ty :) why isfp as opposed to isfj ? you got fe , j , and si so why isfp rather than isfj ? i've read parts of women and even though i didn't finish it i liked it enough . i haven't read any of his quotes though , which ones are your favorite ? sushi . i regret nothing . a warm fuzzy blanket . food food food yesss please . i can't really cook for shit but i think i have a really good palette . whenever i go out to dinner people always tell me i make really good food choices . i love ... a chicken cordon bleu sub but now i really want sushi . sure . sounds pretty fi driven . i came across that description yesterday and i thought it was pretty good but unfortunately the ' another look ' description is for members only . this is the worst part . i think i'm really good at breaking things down , analyzing and then summarizing . it's kinda fun ... oops never answered . um uh i know i got yellow the first time i took it but i don't remember what my secondary was * shrug * i think it might have been like magenta or indigo or lavender or something ... someday it'll get better , i promise . not today but yesterday at work i was talking briefly with a customer and she told me that she enjoyed meeting me because i had a ' good energy ' . i absolutely love it when people compliment me on my ... thanks guy for your help . i'm going to explore isfp a bit more and i'm thinking i might be an enneagram 4w3 hmm ... no i don't mind at all . thanks for asking : happy : i've been working on getting a new job , getting back into school , changing career plans and rebuilding my relationship with god . it only took a ... * hides * no but i have a good reason . i spent all of last week working towards my goals and then boom in a matter of two days it all came crumbling down . i'm taking a break from life and wallowing in ... i've been depressed all day . hi guys , i've been exploring socionics land and i've been thinking that i might be an iei which translates to mbti's infj . i made a typing thread a few days ago ( which no one replied to lol ) so what ... ... vivid melody your vision board is beautiful . where do you get your images from ? :) :) :) hi everyone :) this is my second shot at doing a typing thread . i did one a few years back and most of the responses i received were isfp / esfp . i stuck with the isfp typing for a while and i ... hi guys , i've been lurking amongst you infjs for a while now and something that i've come across while researching your type is a concept known as the ' inner vision ' . what i wanted to know is what ... i enjoyed this a lot :) thank you for posting stilldaydreaming hi all , i've recently ventured into the land of socionics * bum bum bum * and it's really opened up my eyes . it's opened up my eyes so much that i may not even actually be an isfp . what made me come to ...