' i play cello , and i'm also a classically trained soprano . i can play piano , but it's mostly functional more so than anything else , haha ! i'd say i'm most adept at voice - it's what i majored in at ... what state do you live in , heyoka ? i looked up the requirements for texas ( to see an example of a state's requirements ) , and it doesn't seem like it's too difficult , thankfully . as an immediate ... ambrosia the main form i encounter in my life is medical woo , haha . i have lupus with organ involvement , so i get presented with lots of new-age health nonsense by well-meaning but horribly ... woo - rationalwiki http://www.skepdic.com/woowoo.html that's the context i was using the word woo in - it's a common word used in the skeptic movement for anything new-agey or pseudoscientific . i dunno , man . all i'm saying is that in a game with magic , and weird , almost implausible science such as this it seems rather odd to exclude it outside of the realm of possibility because it is ... atheist infj checking in - not a spiritual or religious bone in my body . i'm not a big fan of woo , or anything that cannot be scientifically validated . i do however , find great beauty in the ... you haven't played ff7 , have you ? :P gaia is not earth , and being as there is the presence of magic , materia , chocobos , summons , flying airships , genetically modified super soilders , strange ... can i pile the love on , too ? i have seen quite a few of her posts around the forums , and i always really enjoy her insights ! she does the infj personality so much justice ; her posts ... oh , humanmetrics ... it does seem to have a predilection for giving out intj labels like candy ! it told me i was an intj , and i cry at the end of the little mermaid . talk about inaccurate ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG7vhMMXagQ&list=UUOGeU-1Fig3rrDjhm9Zs_wg&index=46 down with pi ! long live tau ! haha , you're not offensive , it's just that this is my actual smile - i happen to quite like my silly grin , quirky and enthusiastic as it is . :) it's a candid photo taken during a webcam chat with a ... http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbgclodA201riqizno1_400.gif * blushes ! * tarantulas are actually venomous , not poisonous ! :) ( that is your semi-useless distinction of the day . ) i feel the chilean rose is very intp like in a number of ways - they are laid back , well-liked , ... how could anyone hate these cute little guys ? they are so tiny , and harmless to humans , too ! plus , they are great at catching and eating bugs that do harm us , such as flies , mosquitoes , and even ... i'll keep your secret ! here , have a nice crunchy dubia to take with you into your hide . :) intp would so be a chilean rosehair ... ... threads about killing spiders make me sad ... :( if i were in that situation , i'd leap to save the spider , and then do my best to educate people on spiders . most people fear what they don't understand ... there's a 99 % chance you have a tumblr , haha . welcome , lotty . hello pataki ! i loved hey arnold growing up , and i'm assuming you did , too . :) welcome to the forums ! you're gorgeous ! do you like tarantulas , too ? i'm really into avicularia versicolor and avicularia metallica . ( the pink toes , they get to me ! ) very true ! for me , i thought i was a thinker type at first as well , especially for my tendency to withdraw into my mind and ruminate over my things . little did i know the main way i was thinking ... so many lovely infjs in this thread ! i love to put a face to a name , so here are some pics of me prior to discovering the joys of the roundbrush + blowdryer , haha . ( i'd take new ones , but i've always ... faiora : http://media.tumblr.com/0281f85510f2c3cf8e891fe9c618df31/tumblr_inline_mfzga88N801qcn3a6.gif very well said and insightful . i very much agree with this sentiment - for some reason , i've always felt hampered by labels . the second you slap a label on the relationship is the moment i feel smothered and uneasy . i just like ... emileearsenic suggested something funny to watch , and i think that is a brilliant suggestion ! here is something that always makes me smile - one full hour of scenes from a hat from whose line is it ... wow , i can't even imagine - i didn't even watch it , and i feel distressed just hearing your description . :( op , just take comfort in the fact that you are one the fraction of good people on this ... richard feynman i'm still getting to know the other types , so my answers are up for revision and editing as i gather more data . :) so far , i enjoy the company of intp quite a bit ! i have a close friend who is an ... intp http://i.imgur.com/JZAfzwI.gif & http://i.imgur.com/5NkRXHH.gif isfp http://i.imgur.com/rQNatfy.jpg isfj http://i.imgur.com/FMsQGCG.gif intj poor bugs , they are so misunderstood ! i just adore them , especially spiders . just look at these sweet little guys : ... i'm admittedly not too familiar with istjs , but it sounds like perhaps he needs some space to sort out his emotions ? perhaps he was silent because he didn't know how to respond , because he's unsure ... i'd take it slowly and cautiously ; i think trust is something that must be built and earned . it has to grow and continually be nourished throughout the course of the relationship , it's not something ... for me personally , a good bit of what is in my head thankfully does get out there - but i have the infj trait of holding back a lot of aspects of myself , and perhaps the true depths of how feel ; only ... this is a helpful post for me - i'm someone who tends to retreat into the safety of my inner world far too often . thanks for the good advice . i'd like to be better about actualizing what is floating ... going with your analogy - i think the trauma can be repaired , but it's never again like the original mechanism . there's some patch or additional valve or extension tube or lever that helps repair - ... there is only one thing to do - follow in the footsteps of the great professor hojo and conduct strange , demented mating experiments . ( begins at 0:34 ) http://youtu.be/BoLsvvm1AHM?t=35s ( any ff7 ... now i'm even more charmed and enamored with you guys - half of it is the adorable self-depreciating humor , and half of it is that we infj savor the chase . show yourselves , elusive intps ! <3 i'm an infj and i have a boatload of diseases , haha ! if any of you have questions about autoimmune diseases , feel free to send me a message or ask me on this thread . i have sle lupus ( badly enough to ... no need to resurrect it , i stopped adding fuel to the fire on march 7th . :P let's all take advice from usher and let it burn ~ srsly nao http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view3/2218439/let-it-burn-o.gif ... i really love spiders , especially salticidae ( jumping spiders ) and tarantulas . :) i'm so sorry the date didn't go as planned . :( i'm a little worried about the way you're describing her body language and behavior . of course , i don't know her and i wasn't there , so my ... i think you have every right to be frustrated - i think this can be a very negative aspect of the infj nature , and for me personally , a big flaw of mine that i need to work on . i'm really glad you ... i can understand this - this is a very valid criticism . i have a tendency to go into phases where i retreat from the world and my loved ones , and this has often hurt them quite deeply . i can be very ... i dated an enfj , and while it was emotionally intense and flowers and rainbows at first , it fizzled out fast . i found him to be sweet at first , but later , to be very insincere . he had a tendency that ... i feel you - it's why i gave up pages ago . at this point he's just projecting his own personal issues onto us . first of all , can i say that you sound so sweet and wonderful ? my heart feels all mushy and gooey just reading about your feelings for her . :) you seem so genuine and sincere . i'm truly rooting for ... i didn't imply that i'm smarter than any of you ; i have my areas of specialty , but there's a tremendous amount that i don't know , too . i'm still learning , and open to learning . i have no doubt that ... that's what you took from that blip ? your reading comprehension is honestly terrible . i don't need your validation , or the validation of a bunch of random people from an internet forum . you value ... naive ? boys and girls ? and throwing out condescending pet names ? seriously , now ? how utterly condescending . you don't even know me ; you have two forum posts to go off of , which is hardly anything ... i'm the infj you quoted , and i have to disagree with you . how can you know someone's motivations for learning and seeking out knowledge ? you may be intelligent , but you are not a mind reader ; no one ... no advice to give , just wanted to express my understanding because i am having similar issues with an enfj friend right now . he's also a bit smothering and overbearing , and frankly , he sounds so ... '