' xlillithx you came out of the closet at 15 ? ? ? omgoodness that's amazing , i was about your age ( 38 now v.depressing lol ) i'm massively into angels and have had lots of experiences with them , but have ... xlillithx well done you wrote loads lol i will check krista raisa out thank you . i don't find people are threatened by my spiritual talk ( unless i am asked directly i don't bother mentioning ... i'm not an infj , hope it is still ok to post . i am 100 % sure that there are star seeds and light workers around us . i believe the higher dimensional realms have sent them / us here to raise the ... i don't know any enfjs in real life either . i will watch the first one again and report back :-) i can't remember in that much detail . just know i loved them and all the quirks . sent ... i love those films sent from my iphone using tapatalk i never sit in a chair normally it makes me fidgety . i always tuck my feet under my knees , tuck my knees up or sit in half lotus . always have bare feet too , anyone else ? if i'm in public i sit ... lol lol lol lol lol sent from my iphone using tapatalk hey we're practically neighbours :-) i'm from lancashire : waving : sent from my iphone using tapatalk the best way i find :-) sent from my iphone using tapatalk dogsoup well i will do you a deal ... next time you feel it brewing come on here and scream and shout , jump up and down and we will try to calm you down , how about that :-) sent from my ... how often do you feel tense ? i can usually deal with it using the methods above but when i wrote this it was getting me down and i needed a release ! it's a horrible feeling isn't it sent from my ... whhhaaattt ? ? ? you must be like a pressure cooker ! ! ! or do you not get tense ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk they are not expensive gifts , they are hugely sentimental gifts . i don't just buy a bottle of bubble bath , i plan sometimes years in advance , so people have the perfect gift lol lol : rumbled : ... wow wow wow amazing , everything you said is right , i'm so impressed thank you so much [ emoji 178 ] [ emoji 178 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk aw thank you so much , when you have recharged will be amazing , you're so kind for doing all these ! if you think it would be more interesting do it public , i don't mind hun , it's not as if i know ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160909/e6e4e0d361ad8d6a69d7e2b0f5ac7e17.jpg would it be possible to read my writing too please inforjoking ? only if you have time , thank you so much :-) thanks , good advice ! my mates have all been on holiday so maybe that's why i'm feeling it more than usual ! no one to talk to :-( i don't do crying really , maybe i will watch a sad movie and open ... maybe you're right . i have tried of course and it always ends in a screaming match , so i kind of .. , don't anymore , but yeah maybe it's gone too far the other way ! thanks sent from my iphone ... thank you for your reply :-) i live in the same kind of house as you were brought up in ! emotional angst and hormones raging are common place and no matter how many stress management techniques i ... hello enfj's :-) i was just wondering how you all release stress and tension ? as an enfj i never scream and shout at my family unless i've been pushed to the limit , because i like harmony and try ... is there a personality type whose dominant function is cme ( extroverted complete moron ) because that what i turn in to ! ! ! or at least i did before i gave up drinking :-) :-) sent from my iphone ... taking saffron has apparently got exactly the same benefits as anti depressants . take 10-20 threads a day . also energy healing ( reiki ) is wonderful for depression as it raises vibrations .   ... i hug everybody ! ! ! if i have met someone for the first time , when they leave after a couple of hours i hug them , ( unless they are not open to it , which i can tell ) i'm not sure about the ... i can't quite believe it ! don't know where the time has gone [ emoji 33 ] [ emoji 33 ] [ emoji 33 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk hello [ emoji 847 ] i'm new too , an enfj , female late thirties ( sounds a lot better than nearly 40 ! ) i have a good friend that's an infj , we get on well . there are loads of people on here that ... this is a hard question ... 1 , to experience as much as i possibly can , travel etc 2 , to learn what it is to live in a state of complete love and live it , 3 , to help other people to do the same , ... depends who's perceiving it . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i know i'm overbearing ! especially in the morning , when my infp husband and daughter surface . i'm like goood moorninnng what are you doing today in a singing voice and they're like : huh : shut up ! ... always happens to me and i love it :-) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i went to see derren brown last week ! amazing ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk thanks for that i will search them out ! amazon wish list here i come ! ( then i activate the law of attraction and wait for the books to come to me ! ) [ emoji 23 ] are all enfjs weirdos or is it just me ? ... love this thread ! ... when you think up new random acts of kindness just to make someone happy [ emoji 2 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk i will look up your books :-) thanks for your insight [ emoji 2 ] the book is £ 80 so i had a quick look on you tube ! the strangest thing i notice about art is the older it is the more evolved it ... x what a fantastic english teacher you had ! although i definitely wouldn't have been ready for quantum physics in school ! ! what has been your favourite book ? have you read conversations with ... speaking personally i think you would know an enfj because they are on a mission to help . what can i do to help ? is their motto . that is the most over riding personality trait imo . they ( i ) ... i can't play it [ emoji 20 ] not sure why ? ? ? what's the name of the vid and i will search it [ emoji 1360 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk hello fellow enfj [ emoji 122 ] [ emoji 122 ] [ emoji 122 ] so pleased you replied [ emoji 847 ] i will rephrase ... i've got my friends to type themselves and non are enfj , and i know i'm different to them all ... chad 0 in my opinion , if we get in tune with the universe anything can happen ! i am a complementary therapist , so work with energy ; reiki and reflexology , chakra balancing etc . it amazes me ! but ... yey [ emoji 122 ] [ emoji 122 ] [ emoji 122 ] [ emoji 122 ] that's fantastic so happy for you ! i love the law of attraction sent from my iphone using tapatalk according to the law of attraction , there are a few rules which make it happen , and i must admit i do live by these ! 1 . gratitude - you have to be grateful for everything you have ! an easy one ... i don't think it's about evolution or intelligence i think it's about knowing that your thoughts can change an outcome . once you know that you can manifest anything [ emoji 2 ] sent from my iphone ... fortunately you don't have to sit there for 2-4 weeks , just visualise it daily . it doesn't ( obviously ) turn up on your front lawn you have to take action steps but it really does work ! too many ... it blows you away doesn't it [ emoji 1317 ] [ emoji 94 ] [ emoji 93 ] the more i do it though , the more it happens ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk hey [ emoji 847 ] thanks for your reply , based on your answer it's not an enfj thing ! lol i have quite a spiritual outlook on life and have tried and tested various ideas . the law of attraction ... hi i was just wondering has anyone heard of the law of attraction ? i am an enfj and i keep reading that we can read people and manipulate them . the law of attraction is all about thoughts ... hello thankyou xxx sent from my iphone using tapatalk no way ! ! ! i live with 2 infp's - they drive me crazy ! ! ! [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk hellooo fellow enfj's , [ emoji 1316 ] i'm new to this forum , but searched it out because i am in serious need of meeting others like me ! can you believe i have never met another enfj and sometimes ... i am a complementary therapist . i love it , especially being able to help people [ emoji 2 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk thankyou for your replies , that info it great , i struggle getting my head round all that extraverted feeling stuff [ emoji 2 ] looking forward to having fun [ emoji 2 ] sent from my iphone using ... '