' dark blue . somehow it just relaxes me . http://weaponsman.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/MontyPythonRunAway.jpg when you start with the guild wars 2 reddit , end up at catsthatlooklikehitler.com , and strangely feel the urge to share this information . 56 % right brain when i look at the general populance , i have the tendency to think i'm simply better than most , thus feeling awesome . when i meet people face to face , and they're not complete morons , i realise i'm ... when you randomly get bored with a forum , completely stop visiting it for a few months , and then randomly return to read all the topics that were posted in the time you were gone . the venus project i really like his ideas and idealistic vision of a better sustainable society , regardless of it's practicality or lack thereof . i enjoy reading about these sort of ideas , and to ... it seems like the right choice , for all the obvious reasons ( you know him , trust him , like him ... ) , so i'd just go with it . let the chips fall where they may . it's the worrying that kills ya . depends on your definition of sound . a falling tree would certainly move the air , generating waves . one could call these waves a sound , in that case it would make a sound . or one could say a ... i was gonna ask you if that's gary oldman , adrien brody and tim roth in your avatar , and where that picture was taken . but i googled all three names first and found the pic myself . cool avatar choice ... to understand why people forget about you , you have to look at how you interact with said people and try to put yourself in their shoes . if you don't initiate contact , don't engage in small talk , ... and you roll your eyes when the one who does answer gets praised for it . i enjoy talking as well , but only in my thoughts . i bite my nails , all ... the ... time . i also bite my toenails when no one is looking , but only the lefties . apparently my right leg isn't quite as flexible enough to reach my mouth . interaction on a forum can have thesame effect as active counseling . it can be comforting to know you're not the only one . it feels better to find an outlet . and perhaps someone actually can provide ... the gesture itself is just too intimate to use as a form of greeting for friends , relatives and sometimes even strangers . i'm very restrained on the level of physical contact . so most of the time , i ... i'm pretty sure this is mentioned before , but cheek-kissing is what i fear the most . hell , even shaking hands feels so forced and unnatural at times , yet i can understand the purpose . but people ... i can't stop thinking about this . it's seems so true , although i wouldn't know anything about that myself . i'm actually quite good at predicting the past . i don't know how many times i've thought of something , only to discover it has been done before . let me tell you , if it weren't for nietzsche , i'd be ... people who try to talk to me while i'm focused on something else , and then think i'm in a bad mood because i'm answering yes and no to everything they say . i'd go for the smiling with a cat one though . which is why i don't believe it's a good idea to fake anything . you want to attract the right kind , don't you ? have you tried applying for a university ? i used to hate school , the boring classes , the stupid rules , but mostly the people in it . yet the people i met in university were mostly very mature and ... i'd like to know what happened before the big bang . i can totally relate to this . when i do read something , it's in very short intervals . books going over 300 pages is already alot to me . maybe that's why animal farm is my favorite book of all times ... i enjoy browsing and researching new stuff , maybe even more than actually buying it . like when i decided to buy a new computer , i spent weeks looking up reviews for every single part , trying to get ... the clooney-version of solaris ain't that bad , but it's a very light adaptation , very mainstream , at least in comparison with the tarkovsky-version . also , we're mentioning the movie only because the ... one of my best friends is an entp . i can really relate alot to him , although obviously he's far more outgoing and adventurous than me . a reference to solyaris . looks kind of obvious , no ? seems like the sterile spacestation environment from that movie . and maybe the guy lying in bed would be the manifested friend of the guy sitting ... if you smoke in someones vicinity , you will undoubtedly force your smoke down his or hers throat , that's the problem . if a smoker , knowing this , decides to go outside to smoke , i have nothing but for ... as someone certainly said before , one cannot prove or disprove the existence of a higher power if there's no way to observe this higher power . but i can disprove the existence of a god as depicted by ... relax , there's nothing wrong with you . i'm sensing you know that as well , but that you just need some second opinion for confirmation . well you have it . now go tell your istp friend he's wrong for ... i don't take myself too seriously , they do . also , for some extraverts , not being serious equals performing random stupid antics which could be fun for an intp if it were genuinely silly in an ... the nt's forum . well , actually it's a great adaptation . they really captured all the crappyness . i've kind of thrown myself on top of bf3 for the last couple of months , and now i'm beating other players into a bloody pulp every time i join a server . yes , i take pride in that . so that would be an ... yes , i have read the book . i just appreciate the movie as well . in it's field it might not be as big an accomplishment as the book was ( which is just of epic proportions ) , but honestly it's still a ... i really like the movie though . have you watched the ultimate cut , which includes tales of the black freighter ? also , why do you refer to it as the watchmen ? he might want to get to know you a bit better . btw , your sig is hilarious . i've got the same kind of humor , you know . but does that make them objective morals ? aren't all morals subjective in nature ? if they weren't , that would mean there are inherent values , like right or wrong , to every action we make . but where ... i already know i'm awesome , no point in discussing it . seriously though , i can only work well when i'm by myself . group work = me working on a problem alone and then delivering the solution to the ... i think we should make the distinction between god as a metaphor for any form of higher power and god as depicted by any major religion . let's say that there could be some higher power , and ... well , there's no proof . logical answer . it's as simple as that really . the fact that the only proof of god's existence is based on the writings of other men suggests that god is just a creation ... intelligence is knowing one can't define it . it's also about recognizing paradoxes . childhood ? i was born a 50 year old cynic . if it makes you feel better , i'm still not over my last rejection . i don't get it . what's the point of this thread ? why not thank him personally if you love him that much ? it makes no sense to me ! ! i'd say it's a general rant about non-nts being extremely irritating to debate with , which they are . i just discovered there's also a band called silian rail that's actually quite good . check out this awesome video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5EmPpwQxkA we must go deeper . what he said . a calculation written in this format should come out 288 . anything between brackets gets first priority , then it's just from left to right . written in this format it should come ... '