' i'm such a gangster . i wasn't supposed to send this message . how the hell do i delete it ? i was more of the guy who sat in the back of the classroom with the cool kids , but still answered the questions with great accuracy , looking like i didn't really give a fuck about the subject , even ... i'd probably be drunk as a donkey , i would interrupt all of your interesting conversations . i'd get hurt . i'd wake up with the two hottest girls beside me , not having a clue how it happened . then ... why don't you write this in your diary ? he could possibly be an intp , infp or an entp with a slight lack of self-confidence . increase taxes and try to obtain a welfare system that actually works out well . family guy sons of anarchy breaking bad ( although it's not as good as it used to be , the creator seem to lack ideas . ) we won't do your homework . i hate it . when i go to shop clothes i buy loads , so that i won't have to go do it again in the near future . i have no problem with sp's . one of my closest friends is an estp , although there are things i can not do when i'm with her , she isn't very clever and she doesn't really care about abstract things , ... i've been studying mbti for almost a year and i'm still not certain of being an entp ; i also believe that i'll never figure that out . i also have no clue what i want to do in the future . sounds pretty much like a combination of me and my best friend who is an istp when life gives me lemons , i bring the tequila . not true . my best friend is an istp , we're golden . when you have a debate in school where you are given a political ideology and have to argue for it . you get nazism and argue against libertarians , communists , conservatists , capitalists , fascists etc ... i just made a video , and realized i sound so god damn unintelligent and delirious . i'll wait a couple of hours and watch it again before i decide whether i'll post it or not . i'm also a bit insecure ... intelligent , smart , mr . knowitall , arrogant , troll , interesting opinions , awesome , the philosopher , funny , witty and more . in my previous class year book i got was chosen as the religious ... i only stop and chat if i see a person who i used to hang with alot and havn't seen in a long time or if it is a close friend . i do not like to stop'n'chat with people who are not in my inner circle ... i've always wanted a guitar , even if i'd suck at it . it would be awesome . and it's great as decoration , makes the bitches think you're all cultural and emotional . frequently used by my istp friend . wow , this is awesome . i havn't seen this thread until now , when i got quoted and thanked . i wasn't in a perfect condition when i was writing this . although , i decided to ditch her the very next day ... while i was looking in the thread about drinking habits , i saw that many of you guys wrote that you were still too young to drink and that made me curious , how old are you guys ? and what is the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL9ihXiFAko fuck sake . i know you're lazy but do your own fucking homework , you unintelligent intp . rent a room , will ya ? wow . i clicked the link and saw the massive text and thought well , i'll read some of it and read the rest another time . but all of a sudden , i had read the entire article . it was indeed very ... i do almost the same thing , i isolate myself for a couple of hours or for one day after that i'm ok again . hello dear feelers . so , i'm in a bad situation . a girl i know , whom i do not have any feelings for nor ever having thought of her as a so in the future is being kind of distant to me at the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC_q9KPczAg when the lyrics make you smile . edit : thought you were a woman . no . i don't . i could tell you . but then i would have to kill you . my black friend is an intj . but to answer it in a more serious way , yes , i think intj's would be able to buy for example the nazistic agenda , if it could somehow benefit themselves and the ... obtaining super powers . who knows , tomorrow , when i wake up . i might be an esfj . point is , so you think you've changed your cognitive functions ? when you ... bore the shit out of entp's . how pathethic isn't this . gl in your friend hunt . this is pathetic . count the gold medals , please . come back when you've won the olympics . and by the way , 5-0 . cool . i'm the exact opposite , i can't communitcate with danes when i'm sober , fortunatley i'm only in denmark when i'm drunk . norwegians , however , are easier to understand . wtf , you can chose finnish but not swedish . i'm disappointed . vittu . musical prodigy . have green hands for a year or have the same kind of skin in your face as on your nuts for 6 months ? dylan , no doubt . environment or comfort ? fifa , football manager , minecraft , battlefield but the best game i ever played is undoubtley red dead redemption . wow . i'm the complete opposite . i very rarely status update . i also tend to dislike people who always does , i don't give a shit about what you are doing today , really . tl ;d r . stop using smilies . http://img705.imageshack.us/img705/9844/img0559oa.jpg q : whats up ? a : tasty bitch when you , in may , are thinking about how much you hate christmas carols . i'm not sure of how i would kill myself . yesterday , me and my istp friend were riding a motorbike , at first i was kind of scared since he drove like an idiot , then i suddenly came to the ... '