i know how you feel man i think its a infp thing that we cant share and bottle it in a thing that helped me if your desperate enough talk to god he always listens that doesn't mean he'll give you ... sometimes i wonder why i feel so much or why their so strong my feelings that is . i'm the happiest i've ever been , my big brother ( not blood related ) who adopted me helping me get away from a family ... i honestly feel the same way , and u do know everyone changes their majors like 5 times , well not everyone but a good number of people do ... so do what u love think about it this way if u do ... exactly u never do know ive had plenty of regrets for not saying something when i wish i would had but its not like that anymore i never thought about that maybe lol ill be screwed when we run out of wheaties i think ive reached a point of growth in infpdom ive found that its really not hard to talk to talk to people ( yes crowds still sorta tire me ) i can just walk up and talk without feeling a extreme ... lol i love this thread as for facial hair i do the chin strap i keep it pretty thin though ... but i swear i have a permenant 5 o , clock shadow i can no longer go clean shaven ( right after i shave ... thats awsome i hope theres another girl like u out there your the kind of girl that would make me want to look my best just for her for newborns i heard they give off a pheromone that makes you love them their only defence mechanism anyways - watching cartoons ( anime ) - writing i do this alot especially when i feel ... i hope i find a girl who likes animals lol cuz i pretty much am one lol does he have back hair though ? ? ? i havent meant a girl who said she has liked it yet only that they could cope if need ... no but you are more then welcome to the thread lol i only had one freind who was hairier then me and he sorta looks like you i knew at the age of 17 before i turned into a legal adult that i was not goin to be a normal adult heck most the time i still feel like im 13 but i always tell myself this is me ... yes u have ... in shape i am ;) , and honestly the back hair bothers me really the only hair though that does nothing but i like asking infps because they have a way of saying things that no one else can when they put a little thought into it not to mention their all around nicer people ( i think anyways ) ... nope never srry ... ill probaly start hearing it all the time after this since thats usally the way things go but hearing for the first time to me it just doesnt sound right my legs arms and head is not what im thinking about from my chest down to my feet ive inherited the curse of the men on my dads side of the family after the age of 14 we slowly turn into ... yes its definately wat i want my raging testostorone tells me so but my mind ( at least 10 % of it ) says to wait and when i find the right girl it will definately be worth it in the long run ... lol though i dont know who some of those people are i totally feel where your coming from my manliness is definately like that and smells manly in a good way though lol ... its sad because fewer ... thats sad man some women just dont know what they want but they had one thing wrong its not them who can do better but u ... someone who gives up cause your both weak in the same areas isnt someone ... yeah they will have to prey on some other guy thnx for the vote of confidence i truly hope your right about there being someone and i know all to well how we must debate all sides they can go ... i didnt consider it when i was was in highschool it just never happened for me and right now i am really for the first time since ive been offered but like i said in a previous post i already made ... oh yeah for sure im keeping up with it it makes me feel good ( no depression ) i have tons of energy and like i said im starting to look pretty good anyways im 19 but thnx for the advice oh and u ... didnt know wat that word meant but i looked it up and yeah it would be awsome for that to happen and in the world where i spend most my time it does , but reality is harsh and it happening through ... i seriously wish they had a organized dating site on here so for all us lonely infps could find goods matches or at least get some kind of better chance i mean who better to understand a infp then ... i seriously just wrote a thread just like this after the first page of responses i decided to put up with my frustrations and peer pressure and do it on my terms like u said it sucks there is no ... lol i wish some people who post things would read previous post especially from the person who started the thread ... i already made my descion people from within the first page i knew where this ... i definately wouldnt reject someone because of them not being a virgin i think im just gonna wait till i find someone special screw waiting till i get married ( unless the special person feels the ... . . or should i just keep chasing pavements ? even if it leeeds no-where ? wat does that even mean lol it was never i challege before to abstain but now it feels like a big my virginity always felt important to me and the want to share it with someone special but now its sorta feels like wats the ... as of late ive been asked to have sex i know y because as of late i look good not to be conceited of myself but where once ive been over weight now after a near 5 months of working out im ... limbo seems like a pretty cool game but my favorites have always been kingdom hearts ( all ) anyone who hasnt played it i suggest majorly as well as final fantasy x its my favorite anyways out of ... maybe not with the same intensity but ive been feeling this in college i feel i should know wat i should be working towards and the will increase my future fullfillment but , i dont know wat to do ... well maybe im just getting used to being more social then still introverted but like cmk said im becoming a healthy infp and i know for sure i am a infp ive take the test multiple times to get my ... when i think back throught the tough times and fun times ive always had the personality type of a infp and when i learned of what it was classified as it was like rediscovering myself , but the truth ... i afraid to stand up why did i look at these in a public place ? lol amazing pics everyone these pictures are amazing and provide good inspiration and expand my realm of imagination some of these ... definately slow to trust but any trust a infp builds with another is prescious ( think i spelled that right ) and if there is enough trust that person can inflict emotional harm even by not meaning to , ... cool link id have to say im strongest in : linguistic intelligence and intra-personal intelligence this is biased in the statement that our actions are predetermined or we are born evil or good , everyone changes according to the events in peoples life no one knows wat others are thinking in their ... i just went on a date felt completely confident about the conversations we were gonna have felt like i had this one in the bag but then once we got to the bowling alley i completely blanked out like ... lol wat would nph do i think he'd go for his doglol im not worried about wat im wearing or conversation even though both are important , ive been having like a crazy amount of confidence lately i dont even know wat todo with it , someone seriously needs ... i agree completely with rim , man and even though it may be hard to leave a freind exspecially for infps its wat would likely be best for u but this is also hard for infps trying to help or think ... having been on few dates and i have been wondering about otherpeoples exsperiances like funny thing that have happened embarrasing or advice for first dates things that have or havent worked for u , ... note all others who said this ^ above ^ i just read a couple random pages and if u said the same thing didnt mean to be repetitive yes some of these are sterotypes but alot of these things are true though ( talking about all post on page not just urs ) and just depends there are diffrent % in each personality type for which people ... im a dog person through and through their all puppies on the inside dont get me wrong cats are fun to play with but my dogs i feel truly want to be around me and are completely loyal my cats just ... probaly from the middle of july to the end of august ( of 2011 ) ive had been fighting with my father and now im the one trying to keep communications up eventhough he was wrong in the fight i still ... [ quote = thirdarcade ; 1785253 ] from what i have read on the infp forums , they are very honest in terms of what they * say * vs . what actually wins their hearts . for my infp sister , they're are a few ... i dont think i infp would ever use someone just to get over a ex , if he's terribly hurt and is still talking and keeping in touch with u id say he has some kind of feelings for u , freind or more even ... im srry sex sorta stuck out to me isnt this more like a exp . type deal or something but then again i wouldnt know good at - - zoning out - going to imaginary places - forgetting things we just ...