' i always thought he was lower fe pesonally . maybe an istp ? after watching some more and reading the rest of this thread , i can see that blair is more fe than te , so i will say she is ( possibly ) isfj . most people in this thread have said they believe blair is exfj - am i the only one who believes she could be istj ? she takes such pride in her traditions ( eg her family on thanksgiving and serena at ... interesting how you all said infj , as i thought he was an extrovert for sure . : laughing : i'd have said enfj instead , although i see more ti than se . i can't see him as ni dom though . so yeah . i see what you're saying with veronica , especially when you compare her to someone like fiona in s4 or frank , but i just don't see aux ni at all . do you think she loops te > se a bit ? dicaprio seemed a lot more esfp in his early days , now he seems a lot more serious te , but that's probably just him maturing . hardy is istp for sure imo i agree with these enneagram ... yeah , the joker didn't really seem like the joker as in previous incarnations . like , he didn't feel crazy / menacing enough to me . after all we heard about leto's supposedly amazing method portrayal , i ... monica - not really sure of her type , her bipolar makes it hard for me . ian - i agree with estp from what arrow said , but yeah he's also tough for me because of his mental illness mandy - esfj i ... i agree with you about inferior fi , so yeah entj makes the most sense . also i never thought of that , but she and katherine are actually pretty similar . mind = blown lol that makes sense . i can see her being entj with all the planning she does , combined with se to adapt to what happens with the liars . but then , i can see fe in her enjoying the game and her ... noel khan to me seems like a typical bad boy estp . charlotte i have no idea , but i guess a feeling dominant ? what makes you think te dom ? i've also only seen the movie haha tom ripley - he's very hard to figure out , but i'll go with istp , he's very cold and calculating and thinks quickly in a crisis and has unhealthy inferior fe with ... i definitely wouldn't have said cage was fe . i could see that . i always saw her as esfp , so entj would just be the same functions in another order . she could be playing up her lower functions for the public . i can see fe in her ... where do you see se ? keegan is very emotional , but i wouldn't have thought he was fe , as he's usually pretty quiet so for him i'd say isfp . ian harding i agree is fe , maybe esfj ? he could be enfj as well , but he ... indeed , can't wait to see her take cersei down next season ( even though i love cersei as well ! ) thanks for your explanation on jlaw though , i see what you mean about how esfjs might be a bit less ... jonathanlivingstonseagulll what makes you think aux ni though ? i can see fe dom and se tert but i have trouble seeing her as enfj because of her ni ( or my perceived lack thereof ) . i'd definitely say intj for shadow . there is not one piece of fe warmth in that guy . idk that's why i thought she was esfj really , because she's quite lively , like her way of talking isn't super focused . but on her youtube channel , when she does qnas , she generally sticks to the ... i think judy's probably estj , she doesn't have the warmth or charm of an fe dom ( at least to me anyway haha ) the rest i agree with : kitteh : i always thought of sfjs and nfs as healers / medics , exxps as tanks / knights , istps , istjs , estjs and entjs as melee fighters and isfps , intps , intjs and enfxs as caster / ranged fighters . i reckon she's probably esfj . she seems very open and very fe . in her videos you can see her trying hard to connect with her audience / fans . the fact she thinks about what she looks a lot could be se , ... i agree with this , but marshall could be an extrovert too imo . the way he compromises his personal values to take a corporate job because he needs it right now for the money seems like ne > fi ... not necessarily . i just think that the way arya looked at it was more fi . like , an fe user might ( in my eyes at least , correct me if i'm wrong ) be more inclined to take moral quandries to friends or ... take her most recent episodes . she is ordered to kill the actress ( whose name i forget ) but she doesn't . why ? because she doesn't believe it is right . she thinks she would be killing her for the ... thrall could be that - it's the same functions as an nfj only in a different order . he's not exactly the most touchy-feely person , so it's possible that he's a thinker instead of a feeler . idk man i could see that ( even though it's completely different from the type i've put for him haha ) i guess it's his personality as green jesus that makes it seem like that . idk i thought of ... hey guys . i don't think i've ever actually seen a thread for world of warcraft characters ' mbti types , so i thought i'd create one here . these are my thoughts for a few of the more major characters : ... istj and got 58 on masculine , 54 on feminine and 53 on androgynous i didn't score particularly strongly on any of them haha , i guess i need to go with less neutrals wow , you really did type everyone haha aidan i actually thought was a fi user , so i'd've guessed esfp instead alya i reckon is esxj , not 100 % sure on te or fe though amy - estj imo andy seems to ... i actually don't think i know any intjs haha . well , i don't think i know any well . i imagine i'd get along with one fine , though . mum - istj dad - extp i guess i have quite a large group of friends from school , but outside of them i don't have that many . i'm isfp , despite being one of the less emotional and more blunt members of the group ( gotta ... http://rumandmonkey.com/sites/default/files/styles/main_image/public/testgenimgs/20795.jpg?itok=mkq0BZOK seems pretty accurate to me lmao i like strong white spirits , ie vodka and tequila and stuff like that . i also like most fruity drinks . my type is isfp try and use your ni to see how doing this course is gonna help you in the future , in an mbti sense . ik it's annoying doing stuff you don't care about , but at the end of the day if it gets you to a ... i got istp , which i seem to get on nearly every mbti test out there . i feel like i might just be getting it because outwardly i can be quite blunt and critical , due to my te . no way am i fe , but i ... krystal could be esfp , i could see inf ni for sure , maybe that's why she didn't go any deeper than she did with the neolutionists , because her ni and te weren't well developed ? idk the way she talks ... i agree with you there , but after season 2 she's kinda able to shut off her fe , which an exfj wouldn't be able to do . i could be wrong in this regard , though , i haven't watched season 3 since it ... i actually think troian might be estp as well . she is just very charming and to me seems to have fe . but , i do see why people say extj , she is very articulate . i could see either for her , really . i always thought of therese as an istj , her ne just didn't seem that prominent to me . but i can see why people say fi dom . as for carol , i reckon enfj , as she seems to loop with her se a bit imo ... haha hopefully she'll turn out to not be dead and we'll get better indicators of her type haha yeah , fe dom for sure , but i'm not sure 100 % about ni or si i'm going to tentatively say enfj okay i know she's not a clone , but does anyone have any ideas for delphine ? i have seen a lot of types for her around the internet , mainly xnfx , but i'm not sure which she is :/ online entps , intps and intjs seem to think they are the lords of the internet ... so they're the most overrated irl tho it's probably estps maybe ? infjs and infps also seem to think they're pretty ... what makes you think that ? most people i've seen think she's extp okay so i know you said you haven't watched s4 yet , but last episode she went on an unhealthy se rampage . but yeah , sometimes she just seems to act without thinking things through properly , even ... thanks for the explanation ! now that i think about it alison probably is estj - she just appeared to be esfj to me because of the stereotype . i guess she tries to be somewhat affable , but it doesn't ... '