' “ i ’ m good enough , i ’ m smart enough , and gosh darn it , people like me ! ” on a serious note , i don't think people hate me . that's good enough for me . what would you do with world domination ? for me , i see inferior se as my mixed craziness / physical productive function . it can be very positive in that i use it for active fun or accomplishing practical physical tasks . others may see it as ... because i attached myself to this thread and it brings back memories . damn you fi ! ! ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-EF60neguk&index=1&list=RD0-EF60neguk to me , this statement was much more awesome than any eclipse . i feel the need to thank this because it was interesting . however , i still struggle with fully identifying with it . i couldn't thank it without a statement . take it for what it is . i might have a snappy comeback tomorrow . if i do one now , i will probably regret it in the morning . i'm a sucker for violin and dudes comfortable with any available hairstyle . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2w6Oxx0kQ i reject your spacenk sales pitch out of principle . that and i am a dude but whatever . my understanding is that te could care less about theory and reaching the bottom of the well . it wants efficiency and understanding of systems enough to be practical . fe cares about harmony and te ... today , i felt strongly with the be yourself but not that way meme . i know types are windows and not boxes but it seems like i should be a certain way to be a type or a certain way to live in ... totally agree . i am definitely more gooey than my infj wife . yes , very open-minded . remember , our first function is a perceiving function . the problem is our extroverted judging function of te is efficient and not sweet . i have learned to relax my first ... i forgot who i was again after i figured it out . here's hoping i can retain a stable frame of mind . it's always changing but this is the first one that popped into mind today . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wgbv3d-k7sA if you can prove your point , not at all . at home : t-shirt and pajama pants or shorts depending on the season . at work : whatever is required but something easy to pick out , currently white / blue dress shirt and black / grey dress pants . ... i enjoy doing j stuff if it means i get to check something off my list or to complete a planning step before lobbing it back into my mind . contentment . i've been with an infj since 16 for 21 years . she's the only one i ever typed and it seems to work so it must be my ideal type or at least she is my ideal person . 1 . dream recall - how many dreams do you remember each month ? seems fairly random . 2 . dream interpretation - is it easy for you to decipher the message of your own dreams ? i don't interpret ... i wish being contemplative didn't look a lot like procrastination and laziness . this is me ! i am motivation ! woot ! eternal infp 9w1 optimism at it's best ! i'm a 9w1 ! ! ! hear me roar ! ! ! internally . i love my strength . fuck you and sorry . :) i'm back ! ! ! aaaahhh ! ! ! woot ! ! ! i feel this way when i am a 6 on my journey to becoming a 3 . when i am going from a 3 to a 9 , i feel very complacent . however , i think there is a difference between the mental and physical journey ... i am just shocked this is on page 3 . let this die already . for me , my growth spurts are just there so i can become a more content 9 , i don't believe 3 is a comfortable state to persist in . when complacent for too long , disintegration comes and it's time for ... if you search mbti enneagram , there will be images that show the correlation . while there are groupings , there are also outliers . most people are self-typed and not always at their baseline so ... i should have saved it but one member had the difference in their signature . it went something like mbti is how you think and enneagram is more what you show . someone will come along and fix my ... i wish i knew and whatever i am doing seems to both work and not work . while that doesn't make much sense , it makes sense in relation to whatever i have done . i think it depends on the situation ... ... i know it's not a joke but sometimes i feel like one . i seem to have no problem accomplishing what i set my mind to , i just generally have no ambition or want to . at times , it feels like my ... i enjoy the infp forum so i don't think there is a ti / fi clash and personally , think they align fairly well . i'd say there is more of a clash for i vs e . for example , over the top fe displays and ... have you checked his enneagram ? a 9 may behave differently than the majority of infp 4 ' s or intp 5 ' s . i spent my first 6 months here almost entirely in the infp forum . i actually feel split ... do se types get bored of things and / or remain passionate about the subject ? one way i see it is that i have formed abilities to do things so i could learn about them and the passion was the ... i love roller coasters . i also love doing nothing even if it means laying in the grass to do it . i also love jumping into new situations after thoroughly evaluating everything and pumping myself up ... welcome to the club . i just enjoyed a fe journey . fun stuff . i think i was trying to hold out as long as possible but i burst at the seams . right or wrong , while i feel like being more helpful ... image lost in time ... as someone else mentioned , i also see it as childlike and idealistic but i'm a 9w1 and more inclined to see things that way . interestingly enough , my infj believes in the afterlife and is sad that i ... i always feel bad when i hear of others having the same struggle . i am hoping to save enough money where i can just go through a period of various job changes for good causes . i was so hoping for a ... i was smirking today and it reminded me of this . i questioned whether i externalize it or it's just in my head . in most pictures , i think i am smiling but that is rarely the case . well , for the ... i don't have good news for you . it's possible my infj is more forgiving . however , i think she loves me for my mind and really , that's about all i got going for me . well , it's a bit spent now but ... my trick was to marry the first girl that asked me out and was ok with me being me . luckily , she was an infj and we seem to be accepting of each other's quirks . not only that , she makes up for my ... i plan for the future to make that a reality instead of just a dream . of course , i will never truly get away from everything but i'd rather it be more of an option than feeling forced . if i use the premise of 10,000 hours , i am at least a master of sleeping , eating , expelling what i ate , sex and marriage . i am pretty regular about # 3 so i am a little proud of that . i was in a similar predicament for a day and then randomly not and now totally unsure again . i usually only test intp but i can also build a bathroom , do a valve adjustment on my motorcycle , think ... howdy . i went from intp to infp to intj and now trying out istp . i'm a 9w1 ( 945 ) so that might be throwing a wrench in things . i have only tested intp and infp . this is fun and frustrating . identity / existential crisis complete , back to business as usual . probably . i don't mind either . i figure if someone doesn't want to expand , they will just ignore the reply . the thread keeps moving regardless . in the infp forum , it's labeled stream of ... i'm not a hugger except for immediate family but i'd give shepard smith a big ole bear hug if he wanted one . '