' well , that's a very positive look on fe , isn't it ? : smile : i don't really understand your example of frollo and esmeralda . frollo is the prime example of fe , and esmeralda is the prime example of ... the reason i didn't reply is because you selected a couple of my points and ignored the others . i'm not interested in discussing only the points that you have replies to . yes , you are right . trump is a saint . the republican party can really count on trump in all their efforts . he has been very helpful to get obamacare repealed through pure bipartisan leadsership . one ... i realize there will always be people that can't get over the fact that he made a lot of money for himself . because , of course , if you make a lot of money for yourself , you must do something ... you should research trump's business history a bit . you obviously haven't because you really wouldn't respect him if you had . he didn't just start behaving like this when he started running for ... so you mean that the republicans love trump for the deal with the democrats ? that's not what i saw in the news . but maybe your news channels say that trump did a great thing . trump defenders call ... yes , when you ´ re a star they let you do it , ... you'd almost think that all stars do nothing but groping women ... as to making various statements that you don't agree with hate groups , ... it ... what's the stereotype of each type ? because they don't really exist i think . at least not in the sense of looking like or behaving like one's type in a stereotipical way . unless , you ´ re talking about ... : smile : trump is what he is . and if you consider that a good thing for your country , then you have that right . and i know there is nothing in this world that would change your mind . he could grope ... not it wasn't . britain was built on an island . : smile : go check what elon musk has to say about this . he said something like that the chance of this not being a simulation is like 1 in a trillion ... how serious he is about it , .. not sure , ... but the ... most cultures don't hate europeans . they just see europeans as a part of the world just like most europeans see other parts of the world as , ... parts of the world . and besides that , this idea of ... just out of curiosity , how is your kid doing now ? i assume it's old enough now to put its own clothes on and whipe it's own ass . do you still dislike having this kid ? you ´ re wondering about f , but perhaps you should wonder about n and s . based on what you wrote , you seem more like an istj . what are you talking about ? baseless assumptions without any evidence to support it ? that is what your lord and master does all the time . he is the champion of assumptions that are based in the ... no , they don't become evil . it's just that hitting someone is the first thing you learn . then you get a little older and you learn ( by yourself ) that some kids are bigger and stronger than you and ... then i wonder what you consider conservative propaganda . oh wait , ... that doesn't exist in your world ofcourse . i don't know why you do this . why do you turn not evil into inherently good ? again and again i try to explain that babies are born neutral . neither good or evil . there is this assumption ... so trump defending racist is just liberal propaganda to you ? no , ... what i'm saying is that babies learn the bad behaviour too . they learn that if they hit the other baby , they get to keep their toy . in the beginning , the first times that this happens , they ... history just shows evil ? no it doesn't . history shows a lot of goodness as well . there is a balance . there has to be because if there wasn't a balance between good and bad , there wouldn't be any ... do you even read anything else than trump support articles ? why can't you see that the only one that is important to trump is trump himself . he doesn't care about you or anyone else . how can ... if you use that logic then humans are naturally good as well . you ´ re not saying anything with that logic . you just want people to be mean without being responsible for it . i'm not going to give you ... if you reason like that , all your opinions are right . this is how religious people prove to themselves that god exists . there's no discussion possible if you reason like that . experimenting and ... you are wrong . children learn the evil part as well . they experiment and when they realize the evil way works just fine without any punishment , they'll go for that way because if there are no ... the most important part of the nutricional side of psychiatry is that it comes from real food and not from medicine . the cause is that people don't eat right . using a supplement compensates a bit , ... i wrote that because i wanted to make clear that i'm not talking about people who have real mental / cognitive disabilities . the question was if society causes evilness or goodness . therefore i had to ... empathy and morals are important and those you can associate with cognitive functions and position of those functions . but they don't guarantee anything . the cognitive functions just are methods of ... assuming we are talking about normal mental health , people are born neutral . neither good or bad . when you ´ re born , all of that still has to develop . empathy for example only develops at around 18 ... i'm not saying that religions were created by a few individuals with the goal to control the rest . as you say , religions evolve too . but in the real world , most religious people just follow the few ... it's all about inventing a god because of being at the limit of their understanding . in those days believing in god was just something you did . at best you could be a doubter , but few people were ... the human experience , ... just because people are sincere , meaning that they really believe that god is real , does not make it real in reality . also , if you just look at the things that happen to ... so you want to correct everyone that's wrong ? that will get you depressed in no time . the cognitive functions are great for understanding why people behave the way they do , great for understanding ... you sound like you are a teenager . which means you'll get better at dealing with these things as you get older . i know that doesn't help you right now , but at least the future is brighter than the ... you mentioned that we first have to define god before we can look for evidence . this is completely the opposite of what should be done . you first look at the evidence and then based on evidence you ... considering there are solar eclipses about once every 18 months , ... and there are always political retards in power . this time however , it's not a political retard , it's just a retard . just looking at it from a linguisting point of view , ... no . that's not a cognitive function . it's just a function that does something . like a function in math . it's a relation between a set of ... just wait and see and don't be a dumb ass . have you ever been in a church and followed what they said ? it is a constant barrage of direct and indirect references that if you don't believe in god or don't follow the rules of the church , you ... religious people , ... : smile : always when the conversation goes in the direction of evidence for the existence of their god they start to back of and make statements like you just did . another ... ultimate proof ? what is that ? there is only one type of proof and that is evidence based . there is no evidence of the existence of god ( s ) . when ministers encourage questioning they use that to ... yes , you need the opinions of others about you to create your self-image . that's to be expected . you ´ re an infj so fe is strong , but not dominant . if you were an enfj ( fe dominant ) you'd be much more ... confusion about type is common , but it doesn't mean you ´ re 2 types . it just means you don't understand the framework of the mbti . intp : ti ne si fe intj : ni te fi se what you ´ re doing is ... self-consciousness goes together with the ability to be aware of time . awareness of time is required to be able to understand cause and effect over longer time spans . ( longer than the few seconds ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hEAmqtEJHE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-4K4SX0m70 interesting fact : james hetfield ( singer ) is an intj . double standard all the way . besides that , the average trump supporter ( which is not the same thing as the average republican ) has a considerably lower iq . you can not expect these kinds of ... why do you care about what people think of you ? do you need this information in order to know what you think of yourself ? in the same sense that religious people believe in something that is not real . just watch the movie , the answer is there . if it's artificial , no , unless you program it to do so . the belief in something that's not real requires first the ability to belief which requires self-consciousness . so that's how advanced it ... '