' stop complaining op ! at least you have a gf who can annoy you with her friends . yeah but i am not moving to music . nope . it was a general answer to the op . i don't get it , what does that have to do with what i said ? i think we have all the right to be intellectual snobs , as we are hardly any more talented than the rest of the lot . if others are not aware of something , it is not because they are more stupid ... extroverts should be maimed and tortured . do violent moshpits count ? i don't get it . is it necrophilia if you want to have intercourse with the undead ? after all , they are not exactly dead , and yet they are ... and if someone wants to be raped , can she ? after all , the notion of ... i am most certainly not comfortable with letting anyone inside my walls of jericho , not in any context or meaning . i couldn't know . i have not seen the sky for two days . ' twas a good thing i bought a lot of food on thursday . none of this has anything to do with america specifically , and the corporate imperialism hardly is even a positive attribute to begin with . what you are promoting is the achievments of science and ... i want to be seen as ruthlessly logical , calculative and ingenious ... without having to put much effort to it . i know , i am a doomed case . putting emotions on a pedestial was not a reference on the assumed prioritation of feelings , but rather an attempt at pointing out the metaphysical background of attempting to alienate emotions ... i am afraid i don't understand the grammar of this statement ( i am not a native speaker ) , nor do i understand how a single example can give us any insight on the larger issue at hand . human psyche is much more about the conditioning of society and culture , and the genetic component only plays a part on the likelyhood of particular conditionings to work . humans are known to ... who said anything about uncontrollable ? responding to stimuli and having control are not mutually exclusive . if you have learned to fear medical syringes due to cognitive conditioning , you can still ... if i go on your block list then i am afraid it is your loss , but your accusations hardly seem appropriate . the fact that i do not worship feelings in a god-like altar of sacrifice does not mean ... nope , not the same line of logic at all . when we talk about feelings we mean sensations gotten from the sensing organs in our skin . this is not what happens with emotional feelings that are more like ... i know very well what you meant , and i disagree . we don't feel with our hearts , and the reason you don't get headaches when someone breaks your heart is because emotional feelings are not feelings ... actually , neurosurgery has proven it a myriad times that it is the brain in which the feeling sensations are born and processed . so in fact you do feel with your brain , and it is everyday procedure ... no , the western culture is riddled with emotional taboos that intp break all the time . our resentment of emotion is no accident , we have simply learned that life is a lot easier when ruthlessly ... i think the op has gotten something dramatically wrong . intps are propably the only people on the planet capable of having a healthy social interaction with someone else , and usually it is all ruined ... what is it with you americans and the obsession about emotions ? oh noes , he lives in denial , he really really feels i just know he is very touchy feely deep inside ! just look how dramatic this ... i have not gained a single study point in 6 months , i have not cleaned up in 4 months , i have not washed my clothes in 3 . and as ventricity said , there really is no serious advice . all the advice ... jarlaxle is the dandy of the forgotten realms , and somewhat resembles me by his personality . ( minus the extroversion ) also his taste in clothing is similar to mine . jarlaxle - wikipedia , the free ... i dunno , ask the op . oh , come on ziggurat ! we all know the metaphysical lunacy behind the statement , but we are also completely capable of translating that into a meaningful claim while we're at it . does the op live ... to the op : in order to be pure intp you need to do less , and just wonder and think more without achieving anything . ( even anything trivial , like video game achievments ) boring ? yes . slow ? yes . effective ? certainly ! if you make a very critical mistake in presenting the logic , it is then possible that you have made an assumption yourself and actually do not fully understand the logic yourself , even if the ... if your argument is superior , and you know it well , then you can articulate it in a manner that can convince anyone . if you notice a flaw in his logic , point it out ! people are likely to change their ... opinions ? read a history book . travel around . then any american or eurocentric worldview will crumble to dust . so yeah , theres really nothing wrong with the way we do things , i'm just being negative . cheer up mm , don't be such a downer ! bah ! that didn't help a least bit . philosophy is trivial nonsense . this is all i am willing to comment . he is not comfortable with feeling towards you , that's all . you might want to tell him exactly what you speculate about his thoughts , but do so in a detached and reasoning tone . after that , you will ... hmm ... i would have to say that my favourite factions are swede , the dutch and the ottomans . swedish faction is very interesting because of it's old-style armament . especially the ridiculously ... empire total war , mount & blade warband , and baldur's gate 2 are my favorites . although when with a fast internet i almost exclusively play red orchestra . my god ! even my family feels distant and annoying and intrusive and other things ! why can't there exist a single likable person ? i don't really know . every single person i know is a true epitome of idiocy , but i guess in some ideal fantasy world i would like to open up and talk to someone ... sometime ... just right off the bat i can mentiont the incident of america intervening in guatemala because of the appeals by united fruit , intervention in bolivia because of the request by numerous american ... gee , i dunno . i am rather worried about the future because of the outrageous style in which i neglegt work and studies . this causes a slight depression in me , so no it's not that nice . then again , i ... typical conservative warmongering ... if armies and killing were the measure of an empire , i would have had the mongolian empire as number one no contest , and even if we went with modern empires the ... hmm ... having thought about it , that same acceptance must be it with me . yeah , i'm going with that one . 1 . the chinese empire ( s ) it might be weird for someone with an eurocentrist view to consider this to be the case , the the countless chinese dynasties ( mostly qin , song and ming dynasties ) have had ... i am in every way like vegeta of dragonball z , except that i am not physically strong ( well , i am , but not that strong ... ) and i don't fight , i rather am intelligent and debate . even the personality ... m i n d f u c k ! ! ! i just noticed that i have no idea if i even care i am loved . and i've been thinking about this intensely for some time now . i can only come up with things that make me love ... this is how we feel always : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRApOOetSco and this is how we are seen when we debate : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VybFszvOlqA many american soldiers would do well to listen to this song . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GadNYXF0_4E&feature=related go for it dude ! '