' because i was stressed and angry and hurt . thank you for this post , nightsong ! although i'm a female infj i absolutely relate to what you're saying . i've had similar experiences and after my last painful breakup i feel like i don't have it in ... this is great advice . so far , it strikes me as the biggest challenge to stay open and approachable all day , when you really feel you need to withdraw and be by yourself . i'm afraid i will have to cut ... i'm really tired and will go to sleep now , but i'll certainly take this thought with me . thanks for sharing , you guys are awesome ! ! i just had the thought how much i admired one of my high school ... i feel the same way ! the last few weeks have been quite overwhelming for me ... especially because i care so much about being fair and treating every student adequately ... also , because of our capably ... that's what i figured too . i think it's one thing that i simply have to adjust to having a real job now where i naturally have less time for myself than before ... but i did doubt in the last days ... thanks pearlgirl 87 , i'll keep looking ;-) my dear fellow infjs , does any of you work in the field of education ? i've just started my training as a secondary school teacher ( in my country that means i teach kids ages 11-18 ) and it's great ... i want to go to a very , very quiet place and reconnect with myself . that would be awesome ! agreed : laughing : the balancing part sounds really great ... now i really can't wait to meet more enfps ;-) i would love for someone to take me on a wild ride :-) hi ! i'm great , thank you ! :-) wow , that's really nice to hear . i met a lot of new people today at work and i realized that i still feel so different from all the other girls at times . even ... 28 years old and i feel i'm digging deeper and deeper into my fear . lately , i've come to the point where i'm actually grateful for any kind of fear , because it shows me in which way i'm still ... you just made me very happy ! this is exactly what i'm looking for in a man ... it's not only rare in women , trust me . yeah , i get that ... it's so sad though ! well , sometimes you just can't tell . maybe you do move on at some point and that's exactly when he comes around again . wouldn't be so uncommon i think :-) ... oh , that sounds pretty confusing ... like none of you was able to really articulate their feelings . this seems to be a common problem in isfp-infj relationships and it's exactly what i'm experiencing ... okay , i'll definitely try and speak my mind more openly . the truth is , i often feel like just hugging him and being sweet , but then i just don't do it , mostly because i'm confused by his body ... mitzi you mentioned you and your infj broke up because of a lack of communication . how did you experience this ? did his communication style annoy you ? sorry for asking so many questions , i'm curious ... oh okay . that actually makes a lot of sense with him ... and i can be like that too , especially when i get a vibe of the other person not being open to talking about their emotions :-/ so i should ... i adore isfps . they're sweet , caring , earthy people , who are fun to be with but are also deep . i love the discussions on spirituality i have with my isfp friend , we get to explore the topics very ... i had to learn the hard way - slowly , gradually and painfully - that even though you love someone and they love you back , it doesn't mean you manage to create a life together . still makes me sad ! love it ! haha . in strong sp-wannabe mode i feel like a gypsy queen , very feminine , but in a more aggressive way than i normally behave . i'd probably make the perfect companion for your tough guy ;-) as ... thank you so much for your reply ! it's good to know i'm not alone - i was starting to think i'm just some crazy infj gone wild ;-) i like what you say about se becoming a more natural thing ... it's ... i gotta disagree . i don't feel in control of the situation at all , especially as se is my weakest function and i'm afraid i'm not very skillful at using it ... that's sort of the problem : it's really ... umop 3pisdn thanks , i did look into your thread as well ... i wonder why there were so few replies ? and nobody is joining the conversation here either . is this such a rare thing or have there maybe ... now this intrigues me ... have there been times you felt like you were mimicking sp behavior ? did you like it ? was it only a phase or did it help you to integrate your se more ? i think being ... absolutely , i do that too ! this is actually very important , thanks for the reminder ! scootaloo thank you for this thread ! i absolutely relate to what you said . for me , it was and still is a process learning to trust my intuition , my inner knowing . since i've looked into inner work ... dissonance thank you so much * blushing * okay ... i think i'm finally ready . here we go ... hi ! :-) 187730 mum's an isfj , dad istj , my brother intj . i get along well with my older brother although my extraverted feeling always clashes with his extraverted thinking . extraverted thinking still drives me ... yeah . it just strikes me that i always try to counsel people in a way that they feel they have come up with their own solution because i don't want them to feel weak and embarrassed . sadly , hardly ... i feel the same way . which is kinda ironic because i myself love to explore people , i need to explore people , i need them to open up to me to feel connected to them . for a long time , i didn't realize ... i'm drawn to intjs , i feel secure around them and love to explore deep intellectual topics with them . i also feel valued by them and most of them find me cute and respect me for my intellect and my ... summer break sucks this . in particular , many many people don't even seem to bother with simply saying good morning or hello when they enter the office . that drives me nuts , it's so disrespectful and ignorant ! it really ... yes . when i watched x-men for the first time i was like now i know what my superpower is ! :-) and as you can see in x-men , this power comes with a huge burden , it's very stressful ... depression goes ... infp ... not surprising at all :-) i hear you ... :-( the two infps i know are loners , very private and somewhat shy people , but very physical , especially if they're into you . they're naturally way more physical than i am and not prude at all . they ... love the question ! :-) so far ... entp ( there really is this both the physical and the intellectual connection , mind-blowing indeed :-) ) and infp ( their very physical beings , the sex is fun and ... oh you enfps ... so hot ! ! ! thanks for being so beautiful ! omg this is so right to the core . do you realize that there are types who have no idea how to mirror another person ? while we are doomed to to this for our whole lives apparently ... i feel that the ... i've been that girlfriend ! i was engaged to an infp who felt the same way you describe here . unfortunately , he never told me at a stage where we would have been able to talk about it to at least end ... thank you guys for your replies . thanks ! i should probably look more into enneagram . in the past , i tested as a type 9 as well though and scored really low on the type 4 . intuitively , i don't ... okay confession : ix92m an envious person . like , extremely envious . i came to think about it more deeply after reading this pretty accurate description oft he infj type : infj personality profile it ... i know , it's so frustrating . i just had to pass a couple of oral exams and even though i knew a lot , i had such a hard time verbalizing my thoughts . for me , it definitely has to do with not thinking ... these people are the worst to me ! i always try hard to express my opinions in a respectful way and i'm perfectly fine with agreeing to disagree . what freaks me out completely is if somebody gets ... i hear you :-( i agree ! i think in the long run , there are two things infjs have to deal with : 1 . we have to realize why it is that we feel we need to please people so badly and 2 . we have to find a way to be more ... '