' yes we are handicapped , useless and regular losers in society . it's true no one likes to be around failure , however this aversion provides a special opportunity for a sensitive individual with an ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqgSO8_cRio it might be worth finding out her astrology sign ( moon sign ) for curiosities sake . i'm finding that mbti & astrology can overlap , and even in the 12 horoscope signs there are degrees of ... well two answer your serious side i have two prepositions . one is little daft but is probably the most passively efficient . order a custom made t-shirt , and on it written ' looking for an intj ' or ... this behaviour your intj is showing seems like standard practice for any introverted fi user . this function thrives on independence and becomes dysfunctional when infiltrated . fe continues to push ... the guy imagined another version of you , and both versions are pretty . it must mean you have universally pretty features . the rest is his kink . : smile-new : everyone goes through this . a lot of people use tricks to keep them focused off what is actually happening when they have the spotlight . for example when my manager delivers speeches he has a ... it is another word for perspective . in this context it means how the world is seen by you , and that is dependent on the attitude adopted . then perhaps everything is fine as it is if there is little motivation to change . what remains is your outlook . adjust the outlook to a place of gratitude and your life will be more fulfilling ... sit with the sadness . http://i64.tinypic.com/17eg7d.png had the pleasure of meeting an intj 7w8 a few weeks ago at a mbti function . we became instant friends . i really admire his way of shouldering through obstacles in a purposeful , dramaless manner . as a ... when old habits are dropped they come back to haunt every now and then . there is a reason you became very self destructive . sometimes people lose a part of themselves to become what they could be ... - - - https://i.redd.it/8hdw8imbnpkz.jpg https://i.redd.it/9usnuquvuokz.jpg https://i.redd.it/bqe7e77ttrkz.jpg in what ways are you being authentic to yourself ? here's a question i realised i ask & answer unconsciously . i thought it would be interesting to pose it to a type that tends to not have any ... hear hear , it seems a public forum is the most reliable source of information these days . private eye seems to be a good paper based on its reviews . i useto follow politics and world events until ... the physicalities of life are pretty but uninteresting . what i'm about to say might sound strange but its true ( any other infps get this ? ) . i catch myself having sex with women mentally / emotionally ... if you haven't already , you must visit a nudist beach lilysocks ... they have great bars .   ... there's a new depth to your avatar , the clam wants to kill him because his pants are not off yet .  ... i didn't think you could die alone until a loved one passed away in my presence recently . suddenly everything to a dying person means nothing , not even the people you spilled blood for in a life ... what happens when an intj wants to wear the pants in the relationship but they turn out to be too small ? there has been a deep laughter inside after my brain made the joke that what you ultimately long in this expansive universe is to read the entire back catalogue of the ... this is the awkward hug that begins 3 meters away , and when eventually met their faces collide when a side is chosen to tuck their face in . then they become overly self conscious of how the other ... improving the focus on what your parents want is a short term , listening to what your heart / mind is telling you is long term . your father sounds quite stubborn . he has a vision of your life that ... the secret to the infp : not doing , is doing . overtime she becomes an exemplar emblem of humanity . i got over a majority of the anxiety using the phone when i needed to call people to earn money to sustain myself . practice is the only answer . one life tip i took away from this sales position is ... look at how or what he / she benefits from by drawing out your true colours and make it as less rewarding as possible without damaging yourself . http://i63.tinypic.com/2qkjv3l.jpg http://i66.tinypic.com/29xvfhv.jpg http://i63.tinypic.com/awus1t.jpg http://i63.tinypic.com/300codw.jpg http://i63.tinypic.com/zo8a3p.jpg ... i've been eaten a few times aswell . i'm greatful for the lessons these experiences brought . eventually i got tired with agreeing to things if 3 % of me disagreed . we discuss , if there is no middle ... resonates . enneagram differs from mbti or jungian function in that it tries to assumes environmental factors that has shaped your personality , as apposed to the other systems such ... http://i64.tinypic.com/24m9ks8.jpg http://i65.tinypic.com/1zcibfn.jpg http://i65.tinypic.com/b4zy4l.jpg http://i66.tinypic.com/2550y1h.png http://i66.tinypic.com/50r7uh.jpg ... mysterious universe a show on the mysteries of life , with educated and very entertaining hosts . they have heavy ne humour . although i've stopped listening since their recent content shifted to an ... ... and yet here you are flirting with me using function math . i'm not infj so i guess that could be classed as non participation , behind the scenes perhaps ? lol , let this die here if you like . ... hmm . what is an intp if its thoughts are not for the end goal of society ? limbo , void , nothingness ? you just described an infj and infp , haha . xntps are the true neutrals in the mbti family ... kirjuri is that both cheeks ? thats very sassy kiri . i would not have guessed you had a mediterranean flare in your approach . unsung i've been known to sound like barry white , but ... i see . i can relate to what you described . intp's along with infps are the only type ( imo ) who really get the inner worlds down to the depth of a detail ( if they were bothered enough ) . its the ne ... crystallinesheep ♥ subject to opinion * * based on your comment i saw yesterday here and now this , i can confirm you are an extraordinary person . much love in return . i'm not averse to greeting a nordic brother . give your cheek ! : beaten :: stung : p . s you are so lucky no one shares your name . yes i looked that must be a new type of flirting , to remain coy while being devoured it takes a special type . oh right yes , the infj : biggrin : . does your song intend to be unsong forever ? * palms forehead * ... te users mark their territory by urinating , and this long legged 6 nippled feline is potent . though i'm sat here thinking does this cat really have enough paws for all of you , i don't mind keeping ... i asked for your rant so its okay . do what helps you . do you feel if you altered your diet , duration of study at one time and the way you rewarded yourself you would feel less depleted of energy ... twirler .. and thank you for the thought provoking questions . it's a pleasure . yes like you said i know how they are , however i don't adjust my expectations of them . i just remove the investment i ... the two female entj's (8 w7 / 8w9 ) i know are really gorgeous inside , and it is still evident once it passes their tough exterior . at least to me . i don't see them much , but its best that way . they ... do your best , f * * * the rest i know what you mean . sweetness is a good noun to describe inferior fe , it reaches out but doesn't really know why it does that . that ' unawareness ' is an opening , especially tempting for fi . it makes ... this describes well how i deal with bad memories link are you able to define these intense emotions ? doing so would put you in a better position to find a solution to the situation you are in . http://i67.tinypic.com/244wqbc.jpg edit : have you ... thanks for the lead . quantum physics seems like a truer representation of reality according to some induced experiences i've had , where time seemed to not move in one direction . hard science normally ... can an effect exist without a cause ? '