' my answer as well . very difficult to see the payoff . although the type 4 seems most palatable of the three . the second job i found during my high school years was cold-call telemarketing . credit cards , political endorsements , etc . 9 months in a half-cubicle . constant background murmur from the other ... historical fiction - ken follett - bernard cornwell humorous fiction - elmore leonard - robert b . parker - jasper fford - james lee burke i keep all my earnin's buried in a coffee can out back . http://chantelleova.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/respect1.jpg?w=640&h=421 i'm equal parts impressed and amused . try and imagine going through life without fi , i'd enjoy hearing your estimation of such an experience . i have a difficult time treating humans as though they don't have strong ne . it's such a ... that sounds like something w . o . p . r . would say ... ... fun answer : reverse gravity on the planet , throwing everything up into the air for about 7 seconds . should achieve terminal velocity on the way back down . quick , flashy , chaotic . :D two possible ... survivalist shows - man vs . wild ( bear really goes the whole nine yards to teach the viewers ) - dual survival ( focuses on makeshift techniques / tools ) - man woman wild ( excellent discussions ... they are great for catching the occasional house fly ... ... you've certainly taught me a new one , so double ' thanks ' ! why is tombstone not on this list ? ! ? ! sometimes , i see little artistic endeavors and think , that would take a lot of time , but i could do it eventually . i'll admit it , this one is beyond me . whoever did this is a real gift to the ... do any of you enfp's see megamind as a candidate ? ... chaotic learning is my favorite kind of learning . i love those rare moments in a movie when a bilingual character uses a foreign word , then explains it's meaning . unfortunately , this rarely happens , ... personally , i prefer a thesaurus . so much more fun ! around ponds and lakes , and during rainy downpours . during thunderstorms , i'll often just stare out the window for long periods of time . ... how quickly did you develop this skill to determine which threads you would most likely complete your posts in ? confirmed . most of my phrases are on-the-fly , frakenstein-ish constructions . when i use commonplace wording , i don't really feel i'm conveying as much meaning as i do when using unique terminology . ... if she identifies herself as an istj , all i really expect from her is a random mixture of si and te . my roommate is an istj , and we've spent a lot of time going over how si works , so it's slightly ... wowie ! a 6w7 so-dominant ! no wonder i sat there enjoying your posts so damn much ! ! ! edit i posted a bit early ... everything further on in the thread indicates you are 6w5 ... but i'm alright with ... humans often waste a lot of effort trying to hide failure , or avoid it . failing can be so fun ... they are robbing themselves of a great experience ! the y chromosome is often designed to safeguard the females of a species , and i direct my testosterone in that direction . females aren't , in my view , weaker , but they are more important . i view my ... if you don't mind me asking , are you indicating that 1 ) you do not care about humanity's future impact on you , or that 2 ) humanity's future has no impact on you . i'm trying to imagine an entity ... first , an example of what humanity has done that was enabled by cooperation as opposed to profit : small pox , removed from the human population in 1978 . there's many other viruses and diseases ... the quality of an opinion on infp's is more important than the quantity . if a thousand people comment that infp's like to torture puppies and kittens , and one person says that infp's create an ... in my junior or senior year of high school , the ap english class i took got me out of that habit . the teacher had us practice writing a thesis , and this habit of starting sentences with i was a ... this is an excellent point . i haven't bought groceries for anyone other than myself , so the state of the bread is not a big deal . however , if i was buying bread that others would be using , i'd ... the crow : city of angels this movie marked the first time in my life where a cherished character concept was thoughtlessly , heartlessly mutilated . i'm sure it's not the first time some movie ... some of the movies that really synch up with me probably won't be so enjoyable for others . - fallen - pleasantville - brick - watchmen preface - i apologize if bringing cognitive function references to the enneagram sub-forum is bad form , and hope this doesn't come off sounding like a slight against strong fe / fi users . ... http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRPQj4Erhq_JmvUMj5dOAPfbpU9I4C5XqChRTANeAEp899rPJKungaNM-MBZQ anger is one of the easiest tools for bleeding off the stress . i'm very careful of when and where i unleash it though ; i make it a point to find a nice quiet place to hurl / beat / stab inanimate objects ... [ / quote ] well , that was helpful , i've always been surprised at how easily people will place their trust in others . if 6/8 / 4 reactivity inherently contribute towards distrust , it becomes easier for ... i have been suffering from a severe sunburn for three or four days now , after doing some outdoor work without any protection . my back was on fire and throbbing randomly for two whole days . i'm rather ... i had an entj roommate for quite some time , and he was great for conversations , anytime at all . most humans are reluctant to tell you their in-depth thoughts on things , and either keep quiet or spout ... * crosses trip to the grocery store off the list * thanks for the traffic warning ! welcome to perc , it is quite enjoyable here , and i hope you gain as much insight as i have found from all these ... now i'm confused . did i say something wrong ? my roommate is an istj , and while he is frustrating , i am aware that there's a huge difference in capabilities between people of the same type . my best evidence of this is the amazing - at ... if your end goal is to determine which you identify more with , enfp vs . entp , off the top of my head , i'd say that your inability to separate inner thoughts from your feeling judgements , you are more ... in the real world , venoms and toxins . if an opponent had a poisoned weapon , or if i was close friends with / dating a female chemist , i'd be intimidated . i'll admit it , it doesn't measure up to you * nfp's ... your ne + fi produces constructs a thousand times more moving and awesome than ne + ti . i'm too fe deficient to decipher , but i can still enjoy ... oh , ne , how i love you , let me count the ways ! if we just look at steve rogers , i think it's really obvious he's an introvert . but the movie writers / directors are focused on the captain america role . those of us who have read many comics probably ... have you considered working a little lime green into the layout ? just a suggestion . if i had a nickel for everytime someone told me you're weird ! ... my response nowadays is to respond with a lecture on the origin of the word ' weird ' , explaining how it originally meant ' fate ' ... your avatar does indeed seem the furthest from the others . did you intentionally select an avatar in black-and-white , or was that image the one you preferred , and it just happened to lack additional ... people do have different brain chemistry , and sometimes a powerful chemical to one person is ' blah ' to another . i had someone offer me crystal meth once , and i tried it , and i always remember ... i really learned a lot from this bit , very well explained ! also , i spy some lime green in your time piece . i <3 it ! < < it has taken an enormous amount of effort , starting from a young age , to avoid violence . i was certain i would be in prison at some point , because i doubted i'd have the self control to deal with ... '