' how do you guys feel about commitment ? this week i flew halfway across the united states to talk to my girlfriend's parents about marrying her . we've been dating for four months . i got their ... based off of what you said , estj fits everything the best . i put parenthetical comments into your list of things . though the functions remain the same , i believe there are definitely two distinct kinds of infps ( and enfps ) . in other words , there are two broad manifestations of infps that each one really seems to ... weeknights : 6.5 to 7.5 . about once every week or two i'll only get 5 hours of sleep , but that's relatively rare . weekend : 7.5 to 9 . ( i value sleep much more than a good number of my college ... isfj . tmlt miss his / her childhood . why would i need to get in touch with my fi ? oh ! do you think maybe that fi is actually the main inhibitor of ni ( and the main inhibitor isn't te ) ? i feel like my te and ni are pretty good at jumping ... that's extremely helpful ! thank you very much . now that you say this , i'm pretty sure this is the exact process that has helped me in the past , but for some reason i never noticed that it was the ... i , too , have a hard time tolerating how low the bar has been set for tolls . an intp who failed to see beyond technical definitions of words . but i did end suffering , and a utopia is defined by the absence of suffering . therefore , you're welcome . tmlt fake his own ... this isn't true of me . historically i've had more male friends than female . what most stimulates your ni ? what things dull it ? how do you rejuvenate it when it feels dull ? ha , okay . how about this : what most stimulates it , what kinds of activities prevent its stimulation , and when you feel in a funk , what do you do to restimulate it ? what do you guys normally do to keep your ni stimulated ? wow , bro . don't overdo the planning . - being aesthetically challenged : i honestly have made some hilarious clothing choices in the past , especially when i was younger . - walking fast and in the most efficient path , for sure . - being a ... just a thought / observation / vague impression : it seems to me that entjs are not often thought of in terms of being serious thinkers . the other nts all have respect for their respective intellectual ... i am a christian , and i wouldn't be able to date a non-christian . i love having non-christian friends and i can get along well with them , but 1 ) i want to see the world the same way as my ( potential ) ... that all sounds quite accurate . other intps should take note . it sounds like you understand your boyfriend quite well . and seriously , inferior fi can be a pain . i think the worst part about it is ... question for fellow entjs : how do you deal with insecurities in a relationship ? i am finding that i can be quite ridiculous at times in questioning my girlfriend's every motive and wondering whether ... intp is my guess . i made the hilarious realization about a year and a half ago , when i first got into mbti , that almost all the girls i've ever liked have been enfps . i like them usually because 1 ) they're tons of fun ... to those who said to go by cognitive functions and whatnot , i agree . and as for how she related to the description , she didn't . she's definitely an infp . especially as i keep getting to know her , she ... dear intp , thank you for being a really good and hilariously culturally unaware professor . i am actually thankful for your mentioning this , because i didn't realize till now how much i do this . i have a tendency to say things ( both in giving advice and in making observations ) regardless of ... i'm 95 % sure my girlfriend is an infp ( and after going through a lot of the theory with her and showing her some michael pierce videos , she agrees ) . but she tested , originally , as an estp . i'm just ... universally : the meaning of life is to glorify god by enjoying him forever . personally what that looks like for me is a life devoted to helping others know god better and more fully - and more ... dear suspected intj whom i recently debated , i am genuinely impressed with how much you have read and in no way doubt your intelligence . however , you need to learn to debate beyond appealing to ... i had a random flurry of encounters with a sweet infp freshmen at my college . i haven't made up my mind yet as to whether or not i'm interested in dating her . but i'm curious how you infps , ... based off the people i know , here's how i'd describe each type in two words : infps : deeply feel . enfps : truly alive . istjs : always dedicated . isfjs : genuinely selfless . entps : endlessly ... entj : i've worked as a security guard in a very safe area , and it was the most boring time period of my life . an 8 hour shift felt like a lifetime . nothing . to . do . i honestly can't entertain myself ... hahaha , i like those guys too . but i find some of your typing to be a bit confusing . most see jung as infj , sherlock as intj , and newton as definitely an intj . i honestly haven't heard many of the ... who are some of your intp heroes and role models ? specifically , which intp have you looked up to as an inspiration , who might be better in an area you find yourself weak in ? logic is so misleading . there's always a middle option . nothing is binary . people just need to learn how to chill , take life less seriously . i value history a lot . it is the only place we find scores and scores of objective data . yes , there needs to be some interpretation , but there are facts and details that are very clear and very ... i've been confronted ( lovingly ) twice now for having alpha male tendencies in my friendships with other guys . and by this , they meant that i do things to try to make myself seem superior to them , ... yes i do . case in point : i still am clueless about which of the four nt types i am . inductive reasoning : i'm an intp . sent from my samsung-sm-n 910a using tapatalk in light of how msbossypants is pretty much the main representative of entjs on this website , i think we should give her a performance review : pros : - she is an entj . - she is an entj woman , ... random question : are you good at remembering history ? because i suck . and if any entjs have advice for another entj trying not to suck at history , i'd appreciate it much . here are some of my ... oops , i was on the wrong page . my real answer to the above post : infp . that fi can get pissed , but then they come back to themselves and realize they want to go do something humanitarian , and ... istjs tml to feel guilty about that thing they did twenty years ago that didn't harm anyone at all . sent from my samsung-sm-n 910a using tapatalk that kind of postmodern thinking is a social construct , does not correspond to reality , and is self-refuting . but why should i expect an infj to care about reality after all ? sent from my ... absolutely opposed it . no questions asked . sent from my samsung-sm-n 910a using tapatalk entp ... this is why people don't respect you as a rational type . sent from my samsung-sm-n 910a using tapatalk no . he's smart enough to think that he doesn't have to clarify that every single time , as if he's the only one to recognize it . sent from my samsung-sm-n 910a using tapatalk challenge accepted . a bit late , but whatever . that's the benefit of mentioning my name directly . i'll see it someday . and here's an entj who loves you enfps . some of my closest relationships ... dear entps , ignore the haters . you guys are cool and clever , and the best part is that i don't think you need me to say that , because you're actually more secure than us most of the time . - - an ... leave it to an infj to ruin a thread by talking about random crap nobody else cares about . i don't see how a gag would stop him from typing . so tell me again : why did you pour the whole bottle of tobasco down your pants ? only technically . ha , you sound like a cool guy . my life goals sound fairly similar to yours . i bet at this point you're going to click on my profile and be very disappointed to find that i'm not an infp and i'm not a ... '