' ninetypesoflight and hello to you , i am from and in poland . yeah , i am more of a housewife , sometimes taking illustration commissions , so that's still working from home . there's always room for more ... again , thank you everyone for your support , this is exactly what i needed ( and i'm sure i'll be visiting back here as needed in the future ) . i have plenty of ideas how to go about making friends . i'm ... wow thanks you guys for all your kind words and tips . i am actually trying to feel a part of a community in a couple of ways - joining in on weekly comic drawing challenges on tumblr , attending ... hello , fellow isfjs . so sorry to be posting this . it is attention seeking . because i feel like i truly need some and don't know where to get it . i feel so ashamed for having to resort to this . i ... wow , today was not that good . i need these little moments - i got a bird and tree atlas as a present from my mom ! - i ate some decent chocolate and cherry cake - i wrote some ( simple ) sentences ... i like writing morning pages , but i can never stick to them ( because i'm thrown off my rhythm by others who i feel i have to take care of , they take priority and then there's no time ... sigh , ... oh wow , i posted in the wrong thread , but i'll keep this spot for later this evening :) for me soothing anxiety and sorting things out are two completely different things . unless you mean that the unsorted things are causing anxiety ? for just anxiety , i remind myself that this is ... oh wow , i love receiving things . especially if they are thoughtful and really true to my needs / interests . but i get really angry at gifts that are completely thoughtless . i don't mind at all when ... pixie 85 how exciting ! woww ! congratulations ! today's things were : - a wonderful minerals show ! - delicious samosas - working out ideas for a new oracle ( or just expanding on one i've been collecting pieces for for years ) fun ! oh no , i didn't write yesterday ? ? oh well , today's are : - studio ghibli films <3 - pizza ! - massage from boyfriend - got sick an awful lot - already didn't want to play with others , prefering a book over playtime - loved building blocks and my chalkboard ( drew a lot of churches for some reason ) - had my firs ... humm ! things to ponder . 1 . i think the first phase of my development as a child was greatly influenced ( for the good ) by growing up abroad . it helped shape positive attitudes and really broadened my ... - i met the most wonderful woman today , an elderly lady running a buddhist charity concentrated on helping people in jail . 15 minutes with her and i'm so much calmer and resolved about becoming a ... aww maybe you need another one , pixie 85 ? our ( debatably ) cutest cat clings only to the boyfriend . but it's ok , our second cutest cat choses me to sleep with and to drool on . we also have one more ... hmmm my three good things for today were : - wonderfully warm weather ( good for popsicles in the sun ) - i managed to buy all the little things i needed within walking distance from home - i'm proud ... i feel you . whenever i need to go out of the apartment i spy at the door to see if any of the neighbours are bustling about on the stairwell . especially our direct neighbours - three college girls ... perfect afternoon on the balcony , with muffins , lemonade , sunshine and reading i ordered myself a proper spindle , finally <3 sister's cat was mercyfully not-whiny today - i don't mind comforting ... there's a lot i could say about learning to draw in general , but if you need help with just this specific drawing i think i would say : - observe ! don't think i'm drawing the eye now because your ... * sigh * today has been difficult ( i think my grandpa is dying ? ) , but here are some things i liked : - his face when i gave him a hand drawn hang in there card - not having to cook dinner after ... my things for today : - breakfast to bed , from boyfriend :) - people ordering new commissions from me - a nice walk in the sunny park well , i didn't really explain the method - there's quite a few steps and they require examples to be properly illustrated . but now if anyone is interested they know where to look :) i know , i might just do that if it becomes relevant to the plot . in jung's method you work with images , so the image would be of a deserted planet - the fact that the in-dream me knows it's because ... getting at the subconscious meaning behind it is what i understand dream interpretation to be :) i use jung's inner work method for that , but don't particularly feel like delving into this dream , ... thud ! terry pratchett night watch sergei lukyanenko the sacred and the prophane mircea eliade :) quite a long thread here , so maybe it's already been mentioned , but i know nobody here ever knows what i'm talking about when i reminisce about the wuzzles :/ well , if anyone likes that sort of thing i think i can contribute quite some interesting content to this thread :D last night , my dream took place in a post zombie / nuclear apocalypse world . there ... cna 37 aww thank you ! i did , actually . i told my partner about alll my troubles and he actually wasn't defensive like most other times , he was very supportive and understanding :) maybe things will ... i don't know if that's too much ... if you had a whole bottle by yourself every night , that might be a signal . or if you absolutely couldn't go without the glass of wine ... but i think it's actually ... here are mine for today : 1 . the smell of wet soil ( finally , after months and months of snow and ice ) 2 . a nice conversation with my sister , she's working out her problems even though she doesn't ... inaname that's exactly how i got here :D yes , it was such a relief to read some of the examples . i think i'll go there now and thank some posts , now that i'm a registered user . pixie 85 all of that sounds really nice ! i'm glad i'm in a place in my life right now that i can not be jealous :) is anyone up for this ? i saw the infps had this type of thread a few years ago , we can have our own . so , let's remind ourselves of the little and big things that bring happiness and hope every day ! i ... do i feel close to people of my type or do i feel that the type description is close to who i see myself as ? because both :) sometimes i wish people would go out of their way for me , really - anything , to show they are prioritizing me over something else . i've learned not to expect things . and this makes me sad . i wish i ... i was reading about this earlier today - i love it . i would want to hand it out to everyone . i remember at my dad's funeral - i didn't have time to process my own feelings ( you know , actually seeing ... try to think of life as a video game - you have to go out of the first room and do something in order for it to be interesting and progress into a story . sitting quietly in the room is ok , but you're ... yes ! so many more things make me tear up now o_o i'm 27 . i can't with the feels , especially flashmobs . it just moves me that people can just do fun things with strangers , just enjoying and creating a ... hi ! there are others :) come into our warm corner of the cafe , it doesn't seem to be as active as other parts , but it sure is the coziest :P isfj , 9w1 here . i have a couple : art and some personal posts here mood boards ( could be interesting ? ) here random reblogs of things that i find funny , useful , important - here :) a lot of it is to do with the material you choose . i am an avid reader but some things i just can't stomach , can't force myself to get into . most of those are the classics . i did read the clockwork ... the original files are bigger than that , so something weird must have happened . yeah , it's adventure time fanart . one of marceline and bubblegum , the other is a character for this poleplaying game ... isfj gryffindor . i wasn't expecting it , i thought more ravenclaw / hufflepuff , but once i was in gryffindor i totally embraced it , so maybe they got it right ? 6728067279 some fanart of mine :) and it's my first time posting images , i can't figure out why they're so tiny .. ? ooh yes ! i was thinking maybe the effect of spreading an area of calm around them , like a field of peace . putting a warm blanket over everything * dreamy * ( that might be my wing in 1 talking . or the ... i would say i'm 90 % happy . the only things that are missing is : - worrying less about money . it doesn't keep me up at night but there is an underlying sense of insecurity permeating daily life . like ... my favourite part is when evereyone is off to work . and i don't feel responsible about having to feed them or anything and i can just do my own things , with enough time to get into them and know i ... oh wow ! i thought it's my isfjness that made me a horrible liar , but i guess not :D seriously , lying is so difficult for me . most of the time i just don't see the point , it's so much effort and so ... well , this is going to be complicated ! i am an isfj and can't really decide on religion . i know i am all against dogmatic indoctrination , or the institution of the church . if people want to believe ... '