i really like intps . i get along pretty well with them , more so than with the mythical entps . but the texting first isn't gonna happen . i mean i still get nervous texting my platonic best friends ... well , i did play soccer in middle school and i was always on defense . but really all i did was kick whoever had the ball so i wouldn't say i was a great player by any stretch of the imagination . lose sleep , write crappy poetry , waste time on tumblr , hide in my room , watch tv , eat junk food , listen to music , lie on my bed while staring at the ceiling and having ridiculous conversations with ... i gotta say , we ni-users tend to be pretty good at typing too . it's going to get better . don't hurt yourself ; it won't help anything , i promise . you'll make amazing friends . there are people who care about you . you're going to have some really great experiences ... yeaaah , he likes you * shrugs * you seem cool . good luck . don't get so hung up over the labels ! put yourself out there , talk to people , relax . you don't lack connections because you're social-last ; you're typed as social last because of how you interact with the world right now . the social instinct has more to do with social norms , ... sorry for your loss . the feelings you describe are quite normal . grieving is a long , painful , confusing process . i haven't lost anybody who was really close to me . my grandma died a few years back , ... sounds fun , can i bring a group of fellow ni-using infjs ? i wouldn't say they make more sense , but i can relate to them and understand where they were coming from . that's the thing about horrible people - they're still people , they're still human , and ... on a scale of 1 to 10 , you're a 9 and i'm the 1 you need . i don't know , maybe stop referring to everybody else as big-boobed bimbos first . yes , one disintegrates to four . however , that will look like an unhealthy four . the four in your tritype represents how you deal with the heart triad issues when healthy . enneagram connections are ... it usually irritates me , but i don't often confront people about it because it's just not worth it . i love math . i'm indifferent towards science . * jazz hands * i really , really like people . people are fascinating and intriguing and they bring out my better side . while sometimes i think i'd be cool sitting around alone all the time , i've come to realize that ... i don't have any pets , but i'm really good with cats that i meet . they're just like other people to me , with feelings and personalities and attitudes . i agree with lemxn . it's amazing how much eyes ... ooh , thanks for posting those ! very interesting stuff . i definitely relate to 9 and 3 again , but also 2 and 6 . some of these things are pretty universal though . i mean , who doesn't want to be loved ... here are the childhood messages for anyone who's curious . ( found them here ) i relate to nine and three most , which makes sense for my type . unconscious childhood messagestype one : it's not ok to ... i don't know if it's possible ahaha ... not really this kinda sounds like an over-emotional , almost unhealthy infj ... maybe one who's more in touch with their feeling ? i mean , some of this is pretty accurate : creative , smart , ... i'm a sagittarius and the descriptions for it are very rarely accurate at all . i'm an ox on the chinese horoscope and that one's significantly better but other personality typings are muuuch more ... hmm , the following are the ones that i think fit me : manipulate people to satisfy their own desires ( sort of - i wouldn't say manipulation , but subtle persuasion / tricks maybe ... ? ) make ... interesting stuff . i perfectly called the highest and lowest ones before i saw it . i don't know why it's so small here ; you can see it full size on the linked page . 86537 ( source ) i know the ni-ti loop has been discussed to death , but i've never seen any mention of fe-se for infjs . personally , my ni-ti loop is pronounced when i'm feeling extra lonely and dark and cynical ... 9w8 5w6 2w3 i feel like a bundle of contradictions . i can be calm and reserved or stubborn and opinionated . generally i'm pretty chill and easygoing , but when i need to i can get down to business ... when i'm with certain people , i can really come alive and make everybody laugh . i always know what goofy things to tell my best friends to cheer them up . but usually it's just badly executed puns . ooh , that's rough , i'm sorry you're going through that . it's entirely possible that you could have depression , but i can't tell you for sure since i'm not a medical professional . as for being ... i don't want kids . i'm very awkward and uncomfortable around little kids , and i have no desire to deal with pregnancy and childbirth . and the idea of taking care of someone 18 + years is really ... hmm let's see . 1 . the absolute hatred of trying things for the first time where others can see . i often find myself terrible or else taking a long time to learn things that are common skills and ... yeah , compliments are awkward . i think it's just an average human thing . yes ! i'm pretty honest and blunt myself . i can usually tell when people aren't being honest , and it bothers me . life's a lot easier when you stop worrying about what people think about your opinions ... those traits are pretty common among j's and p's , but you have to remember that those two letters are tied into cognitive functions . infj's functions are intraverted intuition , extraverted feeling , ... type 1 . it makes no sense to me at all . i have an enfj brother and he's pretty much the coolest person i know . i also have an esxj sister ( i can't figure her type out exactly and it drives me crazy ! ) and we get along alright . i think ... do you idealize marriage or reject it as an social institution ? i definitely don't idealize it . i get annoyed when other people idealize it and think of it as the ultimate goal in their life ... thanks for responding and getting that list ! i get really nervous posting threads on these boards because everybody else seems really intellectual and pulled together and i'm over here trying to ... i was thinking about this the other day ... each type has a core fear and a major vice , which are probably related but still distinct . are you more likely to give in to your core vice or fear ? which ... i prefer enneagram because it's much more helpful and it's easier to relate to other people with it . enneagram can help you figure out things like integration paths , what your biggest temptations and ... hmm interesting idea ! as a 9w8 i'm connected to 3 , 6 , 2 , and 5 , meaning my blind spots are 1 , 4 , and 7 and that is totally spot on ! and has it changed over the years ? when i was younger , i was always quick to believe anything that my family or friends would tell me , mainly because i trusted them and didn't think they'd lie to ... oh , there's so much more to it than just fitting into one type ! you have your core type and a wing , plus your tritype , plus integration and disintegration points . i like the enneagram because it ... thank you for this ! i have an infj friend who once told his sister that he could spend his whole life hanging out with just infjs ... except for me . :d ry : i'm pretty sure he has no idea what he's ... speak for yourself ;) i would notice , but act like i hadn't and everything was fine . i'd sort of keep an eye on him / her to make sure they didn't try anything weird though . i've had the same conflict before . i think the intp vibes come from tertiary ti and / or ni-ti loops . i don't know enough about you to help much , but that's just something to think about . the main ... 1 . what's your type , tritype and variant stacking ? if it's tentative , feel free to state that . 9w8 5w6 2w3 sx / sp 2 . when you procrastinate , why do you do it ? think about this deeply . the ... i was hoping to read about some of the other types too =/ oh well