' i tip 15 % for adequate service and 20-25 % for exceptional service . it must be extremely frustrating for a server to do everything in their power to accomodate the customer , only to find the person ... i think the only trait that has a strong correlation with perceived masculinity / femininity is t / f . an estp female would almost certainly seem more masculine than an esfj female , but they both have ... http://psych.wisc.edu/henriques/papers/Sak.pdf you can improve your test scores slightly by expanding your vocabulary , and practicing logic puzzles . the margin of error on the best iq tests is still several points . things like how much ... 8w9 - 5w6 - 4w5 1.red dixie cup 2.history text book 3.remote 4.tan envelope 5.some recruitment propaganda from the military you're always so deep and thoughtful when you speak ... it's like you're on pot or something . intps with infjs as a close second.then there are the entxs which i either love or hate . lol , mutatio i wasn't aware a connection between mbti and genetics had be found . as a type any ixtps would have the best chance for survival ; however , this particular intj has an extensive ... i am intj . 1.intp 2.infj 3.enfp 4.istp 5.entp promethea , is it really that bad to react with skepticism ? i think that something should atleast have some basis in known reality before you beleive in it , otherwise anything conceivable can be ... evil guide plan congratulations on being the creator of a new evil plan ( tm ) ! your objective is simple : destroy the earth . your motive is a little bit more complex : mom never loved me stage ... lithobius forficatus http://www.olive-drab.com/images/id_atomic_annie_test.gif i voted infj . i : extroverts are okay for short periods , but after a while they become abrasive to me ( most of them ) . n : i prefer someone open minded who has a similar thought process . f : ... i have been in several physical fights , i refuse to let anyone walk all over me . i prefer to use words to settlle disputes but that doesn't always work . i've only instigated one fight in my life , and ... i would probably read books alot more , also i would probably be a bit more social . butterfly is this libery you speak of some sort of predecessor to the internet ? : tongue : i played football in middleschool , and wrestled for a short period in high school . videogames are my second favorite form of recreation , when at home i'm probably playing one . i was under the impression that mbti was an instrument used for stereotyping , or atleast profiling . i dont know about reading people like a book . i do usually spot liars and bullshitters before anyone else though . ... ate dinner with my father . the american k - 12 educational system only teaches conformity , and to a lesser degree work ethic . i have had the highest test grades in 2 classes last year and received d's as an overall grade in both ... when i was younger going to church was definitely an awkward experience for me . we went to a very lively southern baptist church . the preacher would go off on tirades reminscent of a crazed ... hello , i'm reasonably certain i am intj ( maybe intp ) . i am a 17 year old high school student with an interest in psychology , politics , and technology . i have come here to exchange ideas and hopefully ... '