' personally , i feel at odds with reality because well , reality sucks . it was easier when i was younger and i could compensate with my imagination and escape from reality . the harsh truth about intp's ... do you mean cowboy bebop ? that's one of my favorites , and a solid choice , if that's the one you're talking about . ok , now i'm curious . what is the one line joke ? don't take life too seriously , because it sure doesn't take you seriously . reality is an abstraction of life . the alien from alien . just as ash describes it : ash : you still don't understand what you're dealing with , do you ? perfect organism . its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility . ... http://zeqps2k4t563atbs730zvzq12aw.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/19..jpeg http://calitreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Bingo-trollface.jpg no offense taken . you discovered one of the three meanings of my username . this http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr06/2013/5/31/15/enhanced-buzz-25305-1370026850-23.jpg fps and action games . i like being in the fray . oddly enough i'm not really tactical or strategic ( at least in a ti sort of way , maybe in a ne way ) . i don't think , analyze , and plan , i just shoot ... 87976 in star wars rpg ( star wars version of d & d ) i would always choose a high intelligence , high dexterity type . they would make great gunslingers and pilots , plus the high dexterity gave me more vitality ... i'm starting to think this might be some sort of weird phase for us . are you in your mid-twenties ? i am and this is how i feel right now . the thing is that i've tried many of these obvious tactics ... how appropriate , i'm going through one of those spells right now . and i must admit its pretty bad ... really bad . yes , i second that . hence , why i no longer have roommates . right here on this very thread . if intp girls ( or guys ) rarely leave the house would this not be the most logical place to find them ? or is it improper etiquette to ask people out on this forum ? existence . the fact that humans need relationships to survive ( or be happy or whatever ) . fuck friendships / relationships people say that i look like i want to fucking kill someone . the actual truth is that when i think of killing someone , my demeanor looks a lot happier . that is cruel ! ( probably the only time in history a picture of a cat has been referred to as cruel , but in this context , it is ) oh darn , i put too much water in the rice . when your friends ask you what you're thinking about pertaining to a given situation , and you tell them . they respond by saying that you are over-analyzing . want they don't know is that what you told ... this , along with other examples , has lead me to think that cockiness for an intp comes off as other people's confidence . good advice , and you are totally right . what helped in my situation is that i go to a college that has a video game club . i went there once and it was a breath of fresh air compared to the social ... here is what they look like . you are not alone my friend . those two phrases i underlined effectively describe how i feel in those situations to this day . to answer your question , yes it does take longer to become adept at these ... found this on teh ' net a while ago , but it is one of my all time favorites ! http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae240/WhereIsNovember/INTP%20Motivational%20Posters/intp20science.jpg bang ! found this , had to post , personally i would put it in my top 5 pet peeves . http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m77fgl1Qq31ry6mr6o1_1280.png oh , but it is sci-fi . your emotional response was ... interesting . you're in a desert , walking along in the sand when all of a sudden you look down and see a ... see a tortoise . it's crawling toward you ... you reach down and flip the tortoise over on its back ... the ... my thousand-yard stare i have when i'm thinking ... which is 90 % of the time . i'm glad you enjoy tbm . if you like them , here is another song you may like : http://youtu.be/GdZn7k5rZLQ http://youtu.be/JjTV8i_KjXM indeed , hence why i was drawn to this thread . i haven't seen a thread that is actually bitching about ti / fe to begin with , so i don't have much context to go by . do intj's bitch about ti / fe often ? i'm confused as to why a ti / fe thread is in the intj forum . these aren't intj functions . the only reason i don't like it is because i haven't seen it , and everybody keeps telling me i should . one of my favorites , one of the only pieces of music ( or anything really ) that can consistently draw out my fe . http://youtu.be/G1vxJb6MQ34 also quite a few song from birthday massacre , ... when nearly every other type would see this as the most counter-intuitive idea they have ever seen , but it makes perfect sense to an intp . i feel like this counter-intuitive logic is common in ... here's a great quote from archer . it cracks me up every time . archer : a ruse ? hi , it's 1930s , can have our words , and clothes , and shitty plane back ? rip : let's go , kid . archer : call you back , ... that's how i feel about zone of the enders : the 2nd runner . at the end when you finally get the zero shift you only fight a few enemies and then you have to face anubis who has zero shift as well . i ... i don't know much about biology , but i do know that when skin cells die they turn into dust ... i just realized that i have a dead me in worth of dust blowing around the world . well , i know what ... the exact same thing happens to me sometimes , but at least you can actually remember the snipets . its weird because its like i only get the edge of the memory of the dream ( if that makes sense ) but ... my roommate is the same way , but just makes me come up with more bad puns , so i can see him get irritated . there is an off chance that i will get him to legitimatily laugh though which is always fun ... this one time , i was in philosophy and the instructor was discussing immanuel kant's categorical imperative . just to make sure that the class was listening she asked something to the effect of do ... the emptiness fills the void maybe a little backround information is need on this one . i posted this rant as a status because facebook put this link on my timeline to see your 2012 year in reveiw and i thought about it and i ... is it possible that an intj could exhibit the same behavior ? the only difference being that they would back up their incorrect ni assertion with logic ( perhaps bad logic ) ? is it possible for ... - ever since you came to the realization that you are an intp , you see yourself as self-aware in the same sense that skynet becomes self-aware in terminator . you observe other possible intp's in ... yes , i had to use the trifecta bold-italic-underline on that statement , because i cannot emphasize enough how irate i become when my thinking is interrupted or my ability to form coherent thoughts is ... - that you're thinking to yourself and you think that you might be an extrovert , but then you realize you came to this conclusion through introverted thinking . you are both relieved that your are ... '