' what is it lately with this inf movement to ' save ' and ' improve / fix ' people ? if this is a trait , it is one i have , thankfully , missed out on ! i wish people would leave me alone to be who i am , we ... rofl ! ! ! that is essentially what my entp hubby said . love it . : laughing : i think nurture can play a big role . while much of it is inherited imho , things like traumatic high school bullying can really affect a personality . i was very outgoing and scored out s an enfj ... ^ ^ ^ all that and everything else about them . my sister is infp ... we barely speak . : angry : perhaps it is similar to this ... blown glass witch balls , handmade witchballs , decorative witches balls at kugelhouse also from the paranormal and ghost society : wearing a mirror around ... well , there are 5 of them , set out like anx x ... i don't think it means anything . my sister said the flowers look like begoneas ( sp ? ) as for the mirrors , they seem pretty innocuous , just an ... my house was built in 1865 and is the original house on the land surrounding it before it was sold off . the mirrors are not as you are thinking . they are small round mirrors about 2x2 placed in ... roflmao ! ! no , don't spoil it . i am really curious as to how many actually knwo the answer to this one ... besies the obvious mcgoo answer :p roud : what is greater than god , more evil than the devil , the poor have it , the rich need it , and if you ate it you would die ? if a 7/11 is open 24/7 why do they have locks on the doors ? snail - lol ! ! - really , you think ? : tongue :: tongue :: laughing : maybe it is my chainsaw collection ... ? and i'm such a girly girl too ! 1 . - yes ! 2 .. nice , but no . . 44 mag or pistol grip pump ... interesting . my turn ! 1 . am i french , swedish , or welch ? 2 . what is my favorite gun ? 3 . what super power would i want to have ? 4 . what intimidates men the most about me ? ( i've always wanted to ... i recently found out that my house was once called witchwood . interesting . explains a few things , like the mirrors on the windows and the huge yarrow and lavendar gardens . i am curious - is anyone ... > i have never broken a bone > i recently found out i live in a house once called witchwood . moved over here ... i swear , every crazy , stoked up , numb-nuts delinquent idiot was on the road tonight , and i had a bullseye paainted on my bumper ! ! ! one piece of # $ @ % $ ! was behind me at ... ice cream orgy was fun . * takes long hot shower and slips off to bed ... alone ... ahem ... * is there a story behind that username ? anyway , welcome yee haaw ! 101010 twister's over ... where's the baby pool ? we need somewhere for this sundae ! * reaches for the strawberry sauce , looks suggestively * * breaks out the whip cream and marshmallow sauce * marshmallow is extra fun ' cause it takes extra attention to get it all off : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : anyone gonna help me with tits , i mean this ? ? ? works very well for me , i like the shadows ... hand positions hmmm ... left cheek red , right cheek green ... left oo blue ... : shocked : : tongue : co-ed naked 3 dimentional twister ... i could make millions ! * submits application for ... who's up for a round of naked twister ? ? : tongue : yeah ! awsome thread ! ! i'll bring the toys ! ! : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : i have so many ... * innocent * hehee ahhh i see . ' wish graanted ' got it . you're both right , and i am surprised that i , myself didn't take offense . i just don't see the purpose addressing hurt feeling / venting posts by jumping on someone . i don't necessarily disagree with ... torn linb from limb ? while i am trying to understand your purpose here , do you realize how attacking you sound ? i rarely say anything to anyone , but this posts seems antagonistic at best , ... well said . i really feel for you beloved . not having been brought up in a religous home at all , i still had / have my values . i made my mistakes ( not pregnancy thank god ) and was lucky enough to find ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : that is too funny ! i read that and all i could think of was the caddyshack gopher in a nursemaid outfit , crooning over some wounded animal or something ... f's never disappear - we just lurk and wait for our chance to pounce . : wink : considering topics of late ... arguing style test london , england - - the world's funniest joke has been revealed after a year-long search by scientists . in an experiment conducted in britain , people around the world were invited to judge jokes ... it's just for sillyness ok , i got a kick out of this one ... ingenious personality quiz - free life & style game from addictinggames what kind of heart do you have ? - quiz | get more quizzes at quizilla what were you in your past life ? - quiz | get more quizzes at quizilla ... whats your best quality ? - quiz | get more quizzes at quizilla my alter ego is named wren . she is elven , with powers drawn from the earth . she is wise and pure . she can see into a person's soul and determine their true self . she is highly regarded , gentle ... there should be a you're welcome button too . i don't think i know anyone from rl on here . but , you know , if i won it big on the lottery , i'd love to book a huge hotel and invite everyone from on here to come for a week / weekend or whatever - one ... i think if you mark all posts read it'll go away doh ... sex , drugs , and rock-n-roll . seriously if anyone figures that out , let me know : unsure : amittai , you're not alone . on my ' bad ' days , i will react just as you described , and if someone gets pissy with me , trust is usually gone , i'll always think they are mad at me from then on . i will do ... roflmao ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : welcome 911 ... you'll get used to us , just roll with it ! : confused : i'll warn you before you read - this is crude & rude ... but it made me smile ... : tongue : a christmas poem ' twas the night before christmas , and god it was neat the kids were both ... my husband is an entp . we share an incredible bond . best friend i've ever had . i've learned many of my extroverted tendencies from him - kinda my alter ego i use when i have to deal with clients . his ... coocoo clock at about 3am , i was drunk as a skunk . i came home just in time to hear the cuckoo clock cuckoo three times . quickly coming up with a plan , i cuckooed nine more times , hoping my wife ... i just saw someone else just started this same thread , so plz post there while lance deletes this one ... cheeky bastard . :d ry : i drempt about that cat , hanging from the picture over the mantle in fright ... '