' ughhh . me and my girlfriend were just talking about this because i want to spend all of my time with her . luckily she cares and wants me to find friends for my benefit as well , but i honestly don't ... that was a really great explanation . people will definitely look to this for insight . thanks a bunch . just move on man . unrequited love sucks . don't put yourself through that . keep her in mind , but don't get stuck if te is emphasized , due to ne seeing what it claims as all of the abilities and fi self absorption , enfp may come to conclude that it has the ultimate moral compass or is the ultimate authority of ... you're projecting . i merely stated that triumph usually involves someone coming on second place . we can't all be winners . add you can't deny that . in my daily life i go out of my way to help others , ... blank i think you're over romanticizing sacrifice . you aren't selling out , you're trying to survive . and on a daily basis , we all try to do that . taking yourself out of the equation isn't necessarily ... i'm pretty sure there's a way you can make three chutes work for four people . the the can hold hands while i'm holding on or another person is holding on to the middle person . but if i couldn't think ... can you explain it in the way xenograft explained it ? get your need for affection from someone else . build a stronger identity . those are the first two that come to mind . alrighty . and also be sure to remember a lot of this is just me giving advice based on my experience with my mom , for all i know , none of this might apply to you , but just a little food for thought ... how is it over there ? blindsphinx lol at the last part . it's only because they're our feelings . D: haha well types describe brain processes rather than personalities , so it makes sense not to be like other enfps . but i'm only bubbly and cuddly if i'm in a really good mood and around people that i ... piedmont , ca ( me and ai are in the same area :D ) i'm at home a lot . now days . not a lot of friends and not a lot of money and looking for a job can make ones life pretty boring . :/ but i definitely ... one day , pull her aside and talk to her . take her out for a drink or something and let her vent . then when she's done , let her know your perspective on the issue and try to help her out . also know ... i'm pretty sure my mom was an esfj and while we would love each other for moments she was way too controlling and her rules were extremely arbitrary to me . i'd say definitely set up proper ... double understand the basics of people first . i'm not going to attempt to compile all of them into this comment , but i'm sure if you think about it and observe , you'll pick out a few . then combine that with ... i don't know about unapproachable . i'd have to do a poll . lol . but unreachable i'd probably say yes . i don't let many people in too deep , so i'm sure that there almost always feels as though there's ... oh my god , it is so nice when you have that person around . it's fucking exhausting being uptight and cautious all the time . jung sees past the bullshit . he knows that enfps aren't all rainbows and sunshine because of the ne fi . it's myers and briggs that made us look like simpletons due to their simplistic system . test as much as you can for yourself . that's the only way you can really know and you'll learn more about yourself along the way . i'd try to slowly and carefully help her grow a backbone and if she still hasn't developed one after a reasonable amount of time , i'd lay how i feel about the situation on the table . because , you ... wrong type haha i'm pretty sure # 2 solidifies the fact that you're an enfp . we're often so open minded , our personal feels can be ignored for the sake of exploring new boundaries . also # 7 is a clear sign of inferior ... i generally just say that enfps are more likely to hold off on their values to explore the possibilities and the inverse . so there's literally no way you should have got a different results since the test is painfully straight forward . working to assess which functions you use the most ? yeah . wait , why are you so confident that you're an entj ? yeah , the questions are pretty boring , in my opinion , but they do what they're supposed to do . so , : t why do you think that it's inaccurate ? also , you pose a very good point about being in the keirsey forums , but sliding scale tests like keirsey's and mbtis are so simplistic that they're inherently ... yeah , that's the only thing about this test . the pattern is so obvious . but so far , it's the best one that i've come across . dichotomy tests are horrible , and most function tests are really long and ... there should be a sticky on here revoking the credibility of dichotomies . the annoying part is i want to be mad at people for using them , but i can't because it's not even their fault . = _ = gonna tell you the same thing i told another confused poster . 1st . shhh ... 2nd . take this test : http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm 3rd . read this profile ( yes it is socionics , but it's ... 1st . shhh ... 2nd . take this test : keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes 3rd . read this profile ( yes it is socionics , but it's still accurate ): the [ ex - ] socionist : iee extended type description ... ops description is pretty much me . poor daughter . :( she'll have a tough journey learning to comfortable with herself . hmm . that's pretty much what i was thinking . it's hard to imagine how that'd help . maybe paired with ti it'd help your presentation of information to be more engaging and proper . for example , fi ... get in touch with yourself . figure out the why's of your actions and behaviors of late and work on your issues . also , most importantly , believe in yourself . haha , so you're the jimmy neutron brain blast type . how do you feel about the claim that using fe makes your ti data more understandable ? have you found it to be true ? lol , à la downey holmes ? making a logic understandable allows for growth of the original idea , which will actualize your idea even further . but , i understand where you're coming from . but , assuming the code is for public use and access , it would make more sense to make it decipherable , especially if someone wants to improve upon it . i don't trust anyone enough for that to be a possibility . two friends are relatively close , and i've known them for about 5 years . we're usually always falling in to si ruts of thinking everything is just going to be the same no matter what , and despite hating it , we find comfort in it , because at least our lives aren't falling ... revival ! what type do you guys think eva is ? yeah to be honest , i should rectify that , because life i said on page 2 , enfps are really self conscious , but head strong due to ne / fi . i was thinking too logically instead of realistically , because ... yup , it's the ne - si . si i'd say we're like a tether ball thing ; si is our base , that's how we stay rooted , but ne is the ball , flying all over the place , covering as much going as possible . of ... so the other day i was transversing reddit , and i came across this gem . thus guy doesn't go about the typical path of the playboy , which is perfect because we're far from normal . in order to become ... let me clarify , it's not that we don't like to work hard , it's that for us , it's get in where you fit in , rather than fit in where you get in . we like to find the thing that resonates with us and ... '