' it's easy to start drawing what you like . so i'm wondering what you do when you try jump out of the comfront zone or learn something new . rituals ? self rewards or anything you do to get you in the ... this is why i do not bring my pens to the school anymore ... my friends once said dude ! this drawing is pretty cool and i replied nope it is not a drawing just my class notes so helpfully when ... well i do draw and digital paint and thats is pretty much it . i have been thinking to expand to piano , 3d and animation .. arf :D i do not think the real people inspire me that much ! ? ;/ i usually get high inspiration from our pnp roleplaying sessions . somethings happen in there and i pretty much imagine everything what is ... i can only say that confidence and looks are the biggest keys in my own experience . i see my self as a naturally nice guy , proactive , protective . so and i get from girls that i'm nice and cute ... i totally agree with you , but still not that important when it comes to games and i mean mostly for indie games . most people just do not see the flaws what trained eyes sees . look up for games ... ^ you really not need to be master of the basics to draw symbolism well . i'm not sure about this , but people say that i get along with animals . my friend's dog came always to sleep next to me when i was visiting . well sounds nice all , but that dog took some space from the ... i do not know ... i'm seeking for this answer i only know what i yearn ... yeah i relate to this you so cute and sweet ... yep haven't that got me anywhere ;D this reminds me of something that happened couple years ago . i discovered my abandoned drawing from my ... well for major gaming companies , but there is lot of games that use really stylized art work , for example almost every social game out there uses cute and simple art . i cant really see that you need ... well what my friends says that , i take criticism so well that it often shadows the praise ... well criticism easier take as the truth , rather than praise . i feel like i can take a criticism , but ... just one ... my friends little sister , it was doomed from the beginning ! yeah it has a bad tune to it too . breakup was easy for both of us . nothing special involved in that . we just did not mix so ... this feels like trick question ... but yeah number 2 . to be on the top alone seems bit pointless . i would be nice to be best of the best at any artistic field , but i try to be the best just to ... just two ! well these are the only things that give me nightmares .. : < 1 . to be left behind 2 . the girl that i like .. edit : why the girl ? she has my world at her hand , it's up to her to ... something that goes well with late night web surfing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhzJK9yFz5w ] [ video = youtube ; jhzjk 9yfz5w ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhzJK9yFz5w [ / video i'm not a hater of religion . modern day really do not need these concepts . but i agree with religion as a teaching , but there is also those religions that are bit touchy even as a teaching guideline ... gee thanks ... now its even harder to try to keep it just as one animal ! ! ! desert fox : http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1327/1305290163_bd7e55ba57.jpg those big ears * khifmf * ^ ^ cat maybe ... i would like to say the meaning of life ;D haha catlike pony ... i wonder how would that workout ... i just dont care ... life is pointless , but its also pointless to end it because it so pointless to begin with ? thought it's up to us if we believe that our lives has meaning and that's what we aim ... well i can relate you that my mom is a impossible being , luckily in a different way . she has really bad habit to live in her own little world . so she is annoying in a goofy way , my friends seems to ... well i'm not scaring anybody i do not have eny intimidating presence , but often i hear people explaining what happened when i was there to see it ... it's is kinda sad sometimes , but it has it's ... yes when it's but in this way ... yeah i love animation in any form . i actually wish to learn some animation techniques and animate some stuff by my self . i always had these visual stories that i picture when i hear some good music ... this kinda is something that i have pondered too . there is a friend who's personality type i have tried to figure out , without forcing him to do the test . i'm still new to this system , but so far i ... i cant really answer to your question , but would like know more . she sounds similar to one i know , but i'm not sure id she is isfp . is she really humble with her clothing ? like pefers less ... my g-tag is exonigiriman somebody had onigirman in use ! :/ is it 360 ? in that case want to add me ? event thought i haven't played it for sometime cute you say . well let's see how it is after my introduction . i'm 23 , scored an artist as a result . well duh right ! ? my enneagrams are 6w7 , 4w5 , 1w9 . btw new to this stuff . i have very unique ... as long she has heart in the right place ? dunno never thought about this ... i think i lean forwards to good ? almost i'm 6w7 and now i'm curious whats the difference ;D and give me a second dollar for every time i do know what to say afterward will this do ? time flows , even if you stand still . i would buys me a studio of some kind with with equipped for various interests also it would be my main home then i would buy my self a escape from reality hideout in middle of nowhere . after ... ditto . the more i try more i seem to fail xe well personally i do not feel like that . maybe little when its girls profile . shadowman from the princess and the frog ... me too . my brains keeps cycling stuff and cant turn it off . i usually play games that needs my full attention . i do not even like league of legends but that will do . it needs my full attention ... one day i saw city rabbit and thought to my self what the hell those eat in the city at the meanwhile i was looking it eating some grass and dandelion ... felt really smart afterwards : i yeah iindigo is right on the money . same but less ironing :D i think there is no clear pattern what qualities attract your typical isfp . i think its save to say that we value innocence ? what comes to appearance its probably some specific detail .. i tend ... well how i show my attraction ? i usually observe her and stare in her eyes , but when she notice i tend to try avoid eye contact . i do not usually trow compliments when i do not really mean them ... that was not why i asked , i was just curious if you where a minor . to my understanding being cocky of your own talents is quite normal for your age . damn i can really relate to that .. i have one friend that gets annoyed at me when i'm constantly comparing me to others ! and that envy does not stop there , it can get really dark there ! to the point ... i strongly agree with this . now that i'm posting on this thread i might as well answer to the question anyway , even if its not directed to my kind . personally i do not feel cocky when i'm ... i agree with both above posters .. he seems to be strong willed because he can keep such a strong eye contact . he might really like your eyes ? i would like to share but she might not like that : < '