' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yddu27Y8lUA i actually convince myself that i dislike them :P . everyone around me knows i've fallen hard , though . it's about the only time those around me can actually guess what i'm feeling . i prefer living in cities . in smaller towns , i think my lack of social initiative would be a lot less visible . and usually others take it personally if you keep to yourself . hence there would be a ... i love that i'm not the only one who is uncomfortable with hugging . i don't like being touched in general , unless there's a reason for it . what i'm trying to say , is that most hugging comes from ... i'm usually attracted to extx types . mostly it's because i need my romantic interest to be the one in charge . i've actually read that infps are often submissives , which sort of makes sense . not in ... i guess they'd be surprised by how little i do during a normal day . i actually think they would be bored ... tests on this site , socionics tests , preference tests . but yeah , the questions usually seem a bit like : do you like to do what you feel is right ? i mean , we all like to do what we believe is the ... i don't understand why people just don't take the discussions to pm , and use this thread for what it is supposed to be used for : you know ... complementing the type above you . but intjs are so ... hm .. i think i relate far too much to the ni function , and far to little too fi to be and infp . perhaps another identity switch ? i have a huge problem , i started as a infj , moved on to infp , but now i'm confused . of all the functions , i identify most with ni and i don't identify with fi all that much . i often get fi on tests , ... indeed they do wait ... i thought infps were the wonderful ones ? and we're the cutest , goddammit ! i mostly get told that i'm cute in an annoying manner . quite sure that's not a compliment : kitteh : although i'm really into sherlock , i just realised i would never have gotten along with him in a million years ( irl ) . which leads me to this conclusion : some characters are best left fictional . awww ! they're friends again :) of course ! what decent introvert wouldn't abstain from activities if it jeopardized their alone-time ? if i force myself to be more social than what i have the energy for , i end up sick the next day ... cats :) i actually really like the twilight books . but i'm a sucker for romantic novels . the films are ok too . so .. there .. i said it ... is anyone gonna throw stones at me or something now ? return of the killer tomatoes ! the tomatoes are back with the help of an evil professor . includes young george clooney and bodybuilders . lots of bodybuilders . you just made my day :) wuthering heights <3 ( or whatever it's called ) do spiders scare you ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRWox-i6aAk&feature=related is this a mistyping-thread or a troll-thread ? yes ! the loving of unicorns does not an infp make * gonna shut up now * damn straight ! :P i sometimes feel guilty about being an introvert . it feels like i should be out doing something ... with people . but i just want to be by myself . i think the forum got a bit crowded . what i love about the infj-forum is that people actually read eachother's posts and thank them . it doesn't seem to happen that often here . so sometimes it felt ... oh no ! you might hurt their feelings ! me too ! but then it would get ackward really fast . i mean , the whole enfp-dancing-thing . i think my biggest problem with being an infp is that i just want to be normal , which has always been ... hm .. but you said you're back too . * must spend the day overanalyzing this * hm ... or do they ? :P it went pretty well :) . but i'm sick of writing now ( i know , a rare phenomenon for an infp ) . sticking to 1 project for a whole year was quite boring . did you go away too ? i wish there was a way to become magically social , but there just isn't . i can't stand groups . they feel like cages sometimes . but other times i feel slightly lonely , or embarassed about being alone ... i want to be an intp , but it just means that i wish i was really really smart :P . aww ! i'm back . i had an off-period when my master-thesis was due . i always end up with ne , fi and si as my top 3 cognitive functions in the tests . so infp remains my type . but knowing who you ... so you're presenting an unflattering description of someone and want to know if any infps are thinking : yeah ! that's me ! ? :P good luck with that ... oh dear , i'm always stuck between infp / j . * must take more tests * hi there :) you might be mistaking introvertedness for shyness . people think i'm extraverted as i can talk to people just fine . they just don't notice that i'm exhausted after about an hour and make up excuses ... those movies aren't real . i have yet to meet someone who's relationship is as good as in romantic movies . in the most succesfull ones they have learned to accept where / who they are . i think the ... having a romantic interest stroke my arm . it's weird . but i really miss that sort of semi-innocent contact i'm very extroverted with my imaginary friends :) otherwise not so much i'd be mistaken for a t most likely ha ha , spot on ! you're now official infp hero looks : my intense blue eyes and pale pale skin . personality : my kindness and my independence , and my fantastic ability to find good lolcats pictures :) ... u200bi ' d leave me alone for awhile :P hm .. i prefer living with my flatmates ( i would never share a freaking room ) . when i lived alone i sort of disappeared intro my own head . it's healthier to be forced to be social from time to time ... what if it's coffee that's making me sleepy , hence forcing me to drink more coffee ? infps are actually good hiders . '