' spot on . i think our desire to hold the ' mask ' up fades with time and gets replaced with the urgency of feeling accomplished . when you're young , you care more about impressing your peers , even at ... i second trolling , if you have to suffer the stupidity of another person , might as well get some fun out of it . however i live in nyc where people get aggressive for no reason so i tend to ignore in ... long term , nfs with a preference for xnfjs as they round out my ntpness rather well . my current girlfriend is enfj with a weak e , which is pretty close to ideal . i wouldn't want to be with a strong ... haha , this is def an entp thing . i avoid driving if i can , because i always picture that split second where i'm lost in thoughts and my car gets totaled . i think intj's are better at driving long ... all i know is , the race card has been completely overplayed in this case . the problem with media and social media is , everything gets distorted and sensationalized . even if gz was guilty of say , ... yep . i'm also completely uninterested in the party scene , after doing plenty of that in college , especially since i have a girlfriend and my main motivation for going out was meeting girls ;) it ... i just turned 26 and i noticed that my social life is really not what it used to be . my closest friends are dispersed in different cities and i end up seeing them fairly rarely . even amongst my ... it's really two extremes : - if i think the friendship / romance is worth salvaging , i'll usually take some time to collect my thoughts , write them out and confront that person about it . - otherwise , ... i've been working on a healthcare analytics start-up with my intj friend for about a year now . we both used to work in healthcare it and got sick of our jobs and the day-to-day nonsense of corporate ... i've been working on a data analytics start-up with an intj friend for over a year now . it's been an amazing experience and the learning curve is like nothing you will find elsewhere . will write a ... one of my good friends is an intj , and we get along really well . any conversation flows seemlessly , and we often come to the same conclusions , albeit in different ways . one big thing is that i don't ... thanks for your thoughtful response . what you said i something i've surmised intellectually , but have not had enough relationship experiences / passing of time to understand emotionally . i'm 25 , so ... hello crew , well , i've been busy working my ass off on my start-up and haven't been on here for a while ! it's good to be back . anyways , i wanted to get some perspective from those of you who have ... that's bs . i think intp have plenty of qualities that set themselves apart : the ability to deconstruct complex systems and understand them , artistic and philosophical sensibility , writing ... okay i'm gonna chime in here , on a little more serious note . i find the whole media / social media ' feel bad ' campaign on the tragedy despicable . there's something about this public grievance ... okay nts , please tell me what you think of my theory . time flies , life is short . these maxims are in my mind figurative ways of expressing the same and only cognitive phenomena : your ... thanks for sharing your impressions . seems like we do have common aspirations . day to day work really varies in a start-up . some days i'm brainstorming high level strategic decisions , ... after one and a half years in it consulting , dragging my feet to work every day and feeling depressed , i went into a start-up venture with my intj friend . i've been working on it full throttle for ... i'm working on a start-up which forces me to be fairly generalist since i have to handle business dev , relations , product development and software architecture all at the same time . however ... haha it seems so . i actually know one infp who is not at all like that , but rather edgy , so i'll take it back ;) glad we agree on louis ck though - def estp . i have read c . jung's essay on cognitive functions ( albeit a couple years ago ) , so instead of making demeaning remarks , please enlighten me with your wisdom . his inconspicuous demeanor has some ... what ? ! he has a very inappropriate sense of humor and definitely no clear set of ' values ' , which to me screams not infp . all infps i know are respectful and have strong morals . i woulda gone with ... politicians are professional opportunists and sweet talkers . the us hasn't had a politician with real vision in a long time . the current level of political discourse is so pathetic , combined with the ... i had an intj friend who used to work with me at my previous job and we shared views on the stupidity and meaninglessness of the work and the people there . we both quit around may and decided to ... cause we're all geeks ... after inappropriate humor , this stuff is my favorite . 1 ) absolutely hilarious onion article from a few years ago already . there's definitely some truth to it - you lose ... the perceived greater intelligence of introverts is only due to the fact that they are more likely to engage in solitary , intellectual activities and less likely to be sidetracked by their ... the issue of entp's being commitment-phobe and detached in a relationship is a classic . i've been in relationship with an enfj for 2 and a half years - and i can tell you that even though it's ... funny this thread was revived . anyways , i'm currently working on a startup and very happy with my new lifestyle , as it provides me with constant change and new challenges . so i'm sure you all know how badass of an entp nikolai tesla was .. well the oatmeal , an awesome online comedy blog ( comics , quizzes , and stories - the oatmeal ) is organizing a charity fundraiser to ... there are two ways of answering the question : 1 ) deductive reasoning ( aka flawed syllogism ): upbeat and careless people tend to be dumb , entps tend to be upbeat and careless , thus entps tend to be ... i love sim city . could play that game for hours . frickin ' apm . interestingly , i find zerg to be the most intuitive race . it's fairly streamlined in term of production and allows the most in-game ... cheat sheets for developers : cheat sheet roundup - over 30 cheatsheets for developers free programming books : http://www.e-booksdirectory.com/programming.php technically , high ice cream consumption would cause frequent brain freezes and may reduce effective iq . definition of brain freeze : a sudden shooting pain in the head caused by the refrigeration ... agreed , in fact beyond a certain point the marginal return of extra apm is close to nil . however i would argue that nts ( from my experience and watching others play ) rarely reach that critical level ... i agree with the planning vs . dynamic play difference . regarding starcraft 2 i would actually say xntp's have an advantage because no two games are ever the same and so even though planning and ... since i'm a newly-minted entrepreneur , i'll share a couple more that i think are very informative : - lecture notes from peter thiel's ( co-founer of paypal ) class on entrepreneurship at stanford ... normal socialization and working prefrontal cortex means that you will have emotional responses to situations , no matter how much you dismiss your feelings or claim to be ' t ' . according to ... interesting , that's also what i observed with my intj friend . thanks ! how do you gauge people ( i mean literally , the thought process ) ? i am in a similar situation to devoid . i have a great relationship with my xnfj girlfriend , although it took a lot of work to get here . i am also very selective about the people i let into my life , ... i find a total lack of mental stimulation very hard to handle as well . i tend to fill my days with educational or thoughtful activities . however lack of activity does not equate lack of intellectual ... oh man , milking breasts . top 5 sexual fetishes . i think entps are famed procrastinators because we spend upwards of 50 % of our time lost in erotic daydreaming . i fear the nothingness of death , also the idea that i haven't realized my full potential on this planet / done all the things i wanted to do . there is something tragic and wasteful about spending all ... haha , i am full of joie de vivre ! you're right , i'm over it . i just needed to release my rant of neurotic thoughts . so i'm turning 25 today , and i'm really looking forward to the day being over . why celebrate the day i was born according to an arbitrary construct of time ? i use to feel neutral about my ... liberalist , academist and environmentalist . the three things most lacking in the world right now , especially the usa ( and its conservative tide of nonsense ) . i had the exact same problem in college with my engineering classes . with classes like e & m or fluid mechanics , i loved reading the theory from the book but we would whiz through the class so fast ... tall and athletic here . i have a rather wide chest so it helps for weight lifting . as much as i am concerned about the livelihood of my friends and family , i'm chiefly worried about my own death . perhaps this is selfish , but at the end of the day the world only exists through our ... so i've been reading up on entrepreneurial business theory and i came across an interesting set of graphs which i believe illustrate the differences between cognitive functions well . the basic ... '