' it depends whether you're more of a weirdo or a nerd , flippantly speaking . 5w4s have loose , even disjointed trains of thought that often make their writing styles intriguing but difficult to follow ... that's fair enough , an introvert is an introvert regardless of instinctual stack . in my case i do spend my time collecting ( generally fictional or creative ) ideas on the internet , rather than seeking ... hm , i see what you mean , but i think my way of experiencing it falls under sp / sx rather than sx / sp ( both of which i think can have a burnout cycle at average health levels ) . if the hungry ghost is ... yeah , i'm going to root for the null hypothesis . i'm not saying that cultural changes don't happen ( different genres and influences coming and going , the rise of the internet , etc . ) , but i find these ... are you more suspicious of the four or the nine fix ? i can imagine how a five or nine could struggle to identify with a two or three fix even if they were motivated by a desire for love or ... based on the little available material on tritypes , it looks like the 459 is meant to struggle with reaching out to others and expressing themselves instead of living in their own worlds ... openness : 43 conscientiousness : 8 extraversion : 4 agreeableness : 39 neuroticism : 91 meh . what's a wing to begin with ? at least in the beginner's material , i don't see much ti-heavy explanation of this stuff . the wing descriptions i've seen kind of re-interpret the wing type to match ... i wouldn't mind being challenged either . is it a rite of passage ? i pretty much came from the mbti community having settled on intp , and then straight to type five . i haven't changed my mind yet , which is alright if a bit dull . i think sp / sx and 549 were my ... they're alright . i relate most to the needs of types five and nine , a little bit to six as well . i do dislike the suggestion that eights have the right to ' scream , curse , and stomp around ' . no , not ... ( sp / sx ) i perceive myself as having frequent dry spells of passion . i want to feel the high of a new idea , activity , etc . , but once i find something i tend to burn out my capacity to enjoy it ... medium . yeah , i'd say all of those traits apply to me . i'm likely to stay in the average health levels , but i also vacillate up and down enough that i won't get stuck in the same mood or energy level ... don't the fauvres have this concept of the tritype archetypes having their own holistic set of characteristics ( e . g . the 279 is the triple-positive archetype , and therefore 279s of any core type have ... a fair amount . it's one of my dominant negative emotions along with fear ( and boredom / anhedonia ? ) , although they ebb and flow a lot . i often recall the little mistakes and embarrassments that i've ... inferior si , though ? that doesn't sound right for him . tertiary si is a better fit . a probable example of a ne-dom scientist would be feynman , who comes across as less laid-back than einstein . ... ah , sorry , ' objective ' was the wrong word . i understand that ti has an idiosyncratic way of looking at the world , but it seems like ti-fe should view the self as a specific instance of the human ... so this is my attempt to re-summarise what you described in my own terms : 1 . by situating myself within systems of thought ( whether from psychology , metaphysics , the natural sciences , etc . ) , i ... could you elaborate on this ? in my mind it comes across as a 5w4 whose wing has overshadowed their core type somehow , by which i mean having most in common with the deep end of 5w4 . with both types ... what principled reasons make wings a less controversial concept than tritypes , other than tradition ? the apparent distinction to me is that wings are more empirical ( these types are adjacent on the ... really ? i get why you might complain about the usa's social fabric being distorted or imperfect , but the suggestion that america ( as a whole ) ' is ' a sp / sx or sx / sp culture - as opposed to some ... well , mind-body dualism has gone out of the window with the advent of neuropsychology , which is pretty bad news for spiritualism in general . other forms of mysticism ( like some buddhist sects ) have ... alex jones explains the sexual 8w7 to us : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na4GYyJwYjQ introverted ( i ) 77.42 % extroverted ( e ) 22.58 % intuitive ( n ) 67.74 % sensing ( s ) 32.26 % thinking ( t ) 58.06 % feeling ( f ) 41.94 % perceiving ( p ) 58.82 % judging ( j ) 41.18 % your type is : intp . type ... yeah , i don't really form social bonds , and you realise it becomes a form of limitation itself to not have those attachments because people rely on their close friends and being in the loop so much ... i was diagnosed with asperger's syndrome as a child . apparently i was a pretty classic example . i had a bunch of phobias , anxiety and ocd compulsions on top of that , which were worsened or maybe even ... type 5 and 539/593 . also , their instincts test came out with sp / sx . i'm almost bored with personality tests giving me type five and intp . based on the number of six options i picked , my wing would ... the webcomic xkcd is a pretty good example of this connection , because it projects a lot of amusement , humour , whimsy and curiosity , but it's also very geeky and intellectual . the creator randall ... i've been sampling the stackemup interviews ( and a few other videos ) for 5w4 and 5w6 - for which i hope the signal-to-noise ratio isn't too bad - and the gist i'm getting is that the 5w6 is more ... on the subject of unhealthy types , i found this table describing schizoid personality disorder to read an awful lot like a standard type five description , except with all the parts about knowledge ... brains was brusque and undiplomatic about it . but it was also rude for jonneh to brush off his honest attempt to help by pointing to a test result . that's like saying his analysis is worth less than ... hm , i like your approach . alas , neither line of disintegration rings much of a bell , although i'd say three if i had to pick . i suppose if i'm becoming scattered , i would tend to choose distractions ... well , i mean ... it's difficult to know who to compare with . on the internet i'll sometimes see people and think , you're incisive and thorough , but you're being very reductionist and hung up on the ... what's the best way to distinguish between 5w4 and 5w6 ? i'm developing a confident sense of how the two ends of that spectrum seem to manifest in others , but my understanding is pretty muddled in ... all of the female faces except sp / so and so / sp look attractive to me . of the rest , so / sx draws the most immediate attention but seems about equal to sp / sx and sx / sp in sum , while sx / so is the least ... closer to the original topic of this thread , i like the board culture in the enneagram section best . the lower amount of spam ( arguably fun , but whatever ) plays a part , although it's also that mbti ... it's implicit in the terms of the question , which connote that the object of the attraction is somehow risky or mysterious . eight is the lowest common denominator , as they are the most likely to ... surely a great number of people , when asked about how to attain fulfillment , would talk about things presumably related to the social instinct ( helping others , raising families , forming valuable ... i don't think iq is a useful concept outside of specialised applications , but like , you can just forget about the iq stuff and think of this thread being about a handy visualisation technique that ... an awful lot of ti-ne , i think , but also with a distinct 5w4 flavour . i wouldn't debate the subject if i didn't think there weren't anything to it . i have done a little bit of ims before ( as well ... like everything else , doesn't it come down to whether you use jungian types ( fe / te vs . ne / se ) or the big five correlations ( conscientiousness ) ? me : 5w6 sp / sx ( like a 60/40 split between six and four ) . um , i can't exactly type people just by looking at them . i think the biggest type-related factor is being less attracted to sx-lasts . i ... when you have two withdrawn types that are wings of each other , it's difficult to tell them apart . i think both sides of the 4/5 line can be afraid that they are too different from the rest of ... now i think about it , i don't get the type four concept of identifying with your flaws . although i'm more aligned with the six-ish ( ? ) approach of hiding and protecting your flaws , it's not the ... alright , i think i get what you mean . i wasn't putting anywhere near enough weight on the debriefing section , and this is conceivably a result of bias on my part , in terms of assuming that the ... i don't really buy the pole-bridging theory behind image-streaming . the brain isn't a road network that needs bigger motorways to increase capacity . the general pattern ( with a few exceptions ) is ... type eight . i don't mean eights themselves , but the themes associated with them . i don't know why , it's probably my privileged life so far , but there is just something deeply silly and amusing ... i think asd can strengthen the fear of being overwhelmed by the world and being too incompetent to cope with it , because you don't naturally ' get ' situations as easily ( and may also suffer from ... i relate to the sp / sx instinctual stack in itself , but not much to the hermit-like sp five descriptions ( a bit more to the sx five and not at all to the so five subtypes ; i actually dislike the so ... it's a counter-intuitive statement , yeah , but i'm thinking more sf bay area than casanova . my impression of the polyamory community as they present themselves on the internet is that they have a ... '