' well , i think healthy istps who are good at what they do deserve the praise . i don't need to hear a thank you . they are important just like every other type . i think every type needs to let ... pablo <3 i think that's ridiculous and immature . what is it with intps and long-johns ? ? ? msbossypants ha ! that's wonderful . : laughing : : crazy : best quality ? istps are very sensual and grounded . i love that . : kitteh : spongyperiwinkle , ( random cool username generator . ) i also googled this barnes & noble | the vintage book of contemporary world poetry by j . d . mcclatchy | paperback for enfps . it can be cracked . let that shine through , if only a little . if you find someone that sees through the concrete , don't convince yourself that you couldn't care less . :d ry : every enfp should have : barnes & noble | the vintage book of contemporary world poetry by j . d . mcclatchy | paperback ayasullivan definitely a classic . if you look it up guess his type . : kitteh : making a documentary w / friends . mcnuttumentary © 2013 . youtube it . what is your favorite poem and why ? ( open to any and all enfps ) bossy entj female : i personally love intps and istps . i really don't think i could be any happier right now with my relationship . i am with an istp . he keeps me guessing and is independent . athaleas . : laughing : that's adorable . thanks , msbossypants . good to be here . this afternoon i feel like one of those refresher things from starbucks ... anyone else feel like a dope when ordering there ? i'll have a ... grande ... yes . gimme that book & time to myself when my android heart malfunctions at the sight of your worthlessness . geez , sometimes i can be cruel , but usually it's because i realize we both need a break ... very nice . i have good friends and i know a lot of good people . i'm dealing with a lot of issues right now and am truly an extravert but i have had to cut some people out of my life ; i'm looking to ... hmm ... should we each share an image / word / phrase that encapsulates our rage and plans of rage for the day ? here's mine . 64355 the vanilla coke is helping though , ( that and red fingernails . ) i need a ... that's very true . i need more people in my life . i will use these tactics . 64354 people person . yeah , somedays , certainly not all days . functions do matter . ok ; thanks . just to clarify i meant times in which some other types might perceive smiling to be inappropriate ... such as during an argument . haha . i love my damn smirks too ; they can just be hard to ... i would call it me ii . they could approach me with respect ; i would expect to be called me i . they could say they were a clone all they want ; in fact i would prefer it . i could not live with myself ... let me know when the bartender can get me a vanilla coke . :p roud : i think you're right . we do help each-other grow but like you said the key is balanced people , or , rather , healthy people . does anybody , specifically other entjs , have any tips about how to control my damn smirks ? they show up at the worst times during an argument . i have a love hate relationship with them . people don't ... i try to avoid boredom . this site is great for that . i definitely get isfpish when i get bored ... and it's not a healthy isfp . i realize now that , as a lurker , i had always wanted to be whatever type you are , if only due to your avatar . yes . it took me quite a while to find my true type . being that we generally don't allow ourselves our doubts , ( ha ha ha , ) : mellow : i feel almost bad about it but really i am just glad to have found ... :d ry : yeah . that may be happening . the question is ... do i really want them back ? i appreciate them for who they are but , ( especially with two main esfps , ) i just do not understand them like i once ... i hate when people lie to me ; ' tis time to stop the lieeesss . liar liar w / jim carrey : 64106 i have a deep and innate belief that honesty is always the best policy and yes , i can be a b * * ch . i want to make enough money to support myself , ( possibly become a lawyer , ) raise a child , and help the world in whatever way i can through my smarts and good sense of direction ... oh , and travel . yep ; i can see that the same has happened to me as well , but alas , i love the adventure and honestly it is nice to go out on adventures and get out of my head . yes . dear istjs , i know that this is not ... entirely ... your fault , ( ok , that was hard , ) however , whenever i am around your penetrating and blank stare i can feel my years of complete social ... that's what this site is for ! : kitteh : thank you ! we do get along ... very well . :) good to know that i should keep it to a ... ' lil bit of a minimum on the existential outpour ! haha . be real ; just , goddammit , be real with me people . : mellow : i guess that's how i talk to my family but i just can't stand the b . s . anymore ! 64104 i need info on istps : things to avoid , things to do more of . that is so wrong . how could you even say that to me with a straight face ? ... : frustrating : i feel safer here with fellow entjs . 63935 when i leave entj-land i turn into this guy --> : angry : yes . i'm sure . shweet . :) '