' music can communicate my state of mind , thoughts , and emotions far better than i can with words . for example - explosions in the sky http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKyrULAfvq8 i wish i had the same ability to flip it on or off like a switch as you seem to . i used to be able to stuff it all down , lock it away and never look back . it seems after years of doing that , not only ... ^ that's what's up right there ^ this was also my reaction , spot on . things that put me at my worst would have to be non-comedic ridiculousness . for example - lets say an acquaintance asks you to help him get his internet working . you arrive and discover he has his ... pretty sure that qualifies the term ... just sayin ... really ? like , srsly ? i mean ... really ? are you kidding me ? ... how about tooshy pain ? or maybe rectal agony ? - surely medical terminology doesn't encroach on the manifesto ? all ... http://i.imgur.com/fa5i6.jpg i understand and yes you are obviously correct to an extent , but my initial inquiry was more targeted at a baseline / benchmark sort of question because regardless of the specifics or the nature of the ... i have to wake up for work in 2 hours . session initiation protocol . i'm going to die alone . is it too much to ask that if i must hear voices they would at least speak up so i can actually ... your score : 24 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) wait , this is like golf right ? lower score is better ? =P agreed , anyone posing a threat to myself or worse , a comrade of mine . i love playing a supporting role in any valid argument . oh and the cookies ... yeah ... ummm ... pretty sure #n2freedom ... the op seems to have a partner not unlike myself . i love receiving affection of any sort from a lover , and would say the desire to have it is well above that of my non istp peers . as for giving it , ... ^ this . excellent summary . i think the confusion comes from people mistaking complexity for something mysterious or with deeper meaning . i have my little quirks and as a whole could be considered dizzying in complexity - ... ^ this , except i'm lucky to get a full 4 hours of sleep . then i have trouble waking up , i have two alarms set . it can go off for 45 minutes in my ear and i wont wake up . sometimes i just don't sleep ... i dunno , chewy ... just ... fly casual did you hear that guys , hes trying to dodge massive groupthink critical descent - release the hounds ! ! ! git em ! ! ! here you go , list of standards . be excellent to each other . party on , dude . i'll break it down for ya girls , much like guys , have their own weird fantasies and whatnot . one of these happens to be the helplessness and domination of being forced . i used to date a girl who ... indeed lol . http://www.zgeek.com/forum/gallery/files/1/0/1/8/4/captain-picard-full-of-win.jpg http://i.imgur.com/A381R.jpg 25594 oh its on no u wtf 10 characters . that kills my no u =( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SboyoievYU ... what else ? <--- oh and on the off chance anyone actually gives this a listen , read the words along with it . trust me . =) pig destroyer starbelly dear everything . dude , girls are at least as bad as guys , if not worse . usually worse . : wink : ready for the man-handling haha <--- likes doing the man-handling whether this meant during the act or foreplay i would have to say it's most awesome ( especially with someone who isn't shy / reserved ) don't even get me started ... love this . he doesn't . he really doesn't know it until she slaps him in the face with all that bottled up negativity she's been ... well ... bottling up . lol , good ' ol squall . how exactly would you ... cargo's cargo's cargo's loose fitting too . boot's ( steel toe preferred ) sleeveless ( not wife beaters , theres a difference ) ^ this most definitely i know i lol'd thanks for all the replies ! ! as promised - 25430 i was wondering , what does everybody think the type most likely to have conflicts with istp types is and why you feel your selected type meets that criteria ? what about your enneagram , how does it ... yes and no , here's why i had already decided where to go , and couldn't figure out anything introductory . bam ! perfect , introduction sidestepped , with little to no effort and it would be amusing ... i generally wake up blank , and events thereafter determine my mood during the day as stated by many others . however ... once in a while , if there is something troubling enough it works backwards ... damn it , you were right . i went to carls and they were out of buffalo . shoulda went del taco . =( you are a type 6 with a 7 wing : the loyal friend your tritype is 6w7 , 2w3 , 1w9 . in enneagram theory , you have one type for how you relate to the world ( either 8 , 9 , or 1 ) , one type for ... so what does all that thinking about what to say here get me ( or you ) ? a whole lot of nothing . i can either take the next two weeks to give an accurate description of myself ( accurate to me , ... '