' it's not only for me that i'm refering to . feeling a bond isn't about being the center of someones world . it's about feeling close to someone and understanding them . you can have that with more than ... i don't really feel jealousy because of a lack of self esteem , but more because i desire a closeness and i don't like it when i don't have it with the person i want it with and someone else does . it ... oh gott ! i know how that is ! i had a crush on this guy who said he liked me too , but kept telling me how i was the exact opposite of what he usually went for in looks and personality ! and my ex was ... shitty , that sucks . i've only had that problem with one friend . she had low self esteem so she felt the need to brag about every positive quality she had and would often belittle my positive ... i've noticed that most non infp's have the impression that we're incapable of jealousy , when , in fact , we feel it quite strongly . i was with a fellow infp and her boyfriend when we mentioned the ... i have to admit , i was a bit surprised by the results , and information about infp's rarely surprise me anymore . interesting . everything . my love life , my schooling , my job , my career choice , where i live , who i'm friends with , how i look , my religion . every time i talk to someone , is this person too nice to tell me i'm ... i am counter dependant and afraid of sex and i have to try really hard for that little bit that comes so easily to most others . i'm good at reading body language . i've even turned myself into a lie detector , as long as no one knows i'm doing it , of course . and i know what your favourite colour means about your personality .  ... yeah , i have trouble with the attachments too . i let myself become strongly attached to only one person in my life . he kept coming after me for like , two years before i gave in and let myself . then , ... ah , see , i'll be dominant and all when i'm joking with friends , so everyone assumes that's how i am in a real relationship . but i'm very passive and emotional , an actual girl . so people tend to ... showing their feelings seemingly only to the person they like ? like when i have someone i like , i'll conciously try not to give into anything that i want to do . sometimes i'll even act ... going for it , don't be daft ... i knew this was impossible ... it seems infp and intp aren't that far apart , except we tend to act like total idiots half the time . i can't make heads or tales of your ... i haven't . in fact , i don't even know how to flirt . i mean , i flirt with friends , but that's always over the top fun stuff . real flirting is forign to me . and i couldn't tell you of a time when she ... thank you for the advice , but i don't know if that helps much . more than anything right now i want to understand . if there aren't honest feelings attached , then i'd rather be heartbroken . and it's ... i have this intp friend that i like , but i'm unsure of how she feels . i know she cares about me , she's told me she does . but i'm unsure of what exactly that means . i've been friends with another intp ... i taught myself to read the top of a persons pencle . people would always cover their words when writing so i took it as a chalange . though i haven't done it in a while and people have to write really ... i usually have really tripped out dreams . my normal dream is one that people can never seem to wrap their heads around . but i just woke up from a dream that i've been dying to talk about . i feel ... i apologize for disappearing for so long . school started and i got a job , so i literally haven't even had time to read my book . jojo - sarcastic , dark , and occasionally goofy is ours . julian ... i definitely see life through rose coloured glasses , and i always have . but romance is a dark and tragic thing . you trip and you fall and fall and fall and then you hit the ground . blood splatters ... understandable from an extrovert . something a lot of us have trouble understanding , expecially in our younger years and if we're going through a tough time . i wish every enfj / infp relationship the ... i can actually look different just by changing my shirt . it's fun to show my friends . my eye colour also changes . i don't have many clothes , but i can mix and match really well . i also know how to ... 2 - outside is a great place , but my interest is directed more toward climbing trees or playing pretend ( i rule as an adult ) than playing sports . bookstores and coffee shops are a major yes for most ... he could be thinking that the not communicating is better than dragging you down into his mood , which is very common with infp's . especially if he really likes you . and since people keep proving that ... i've read a few times that the infp / enfj relationship is ideal , and i've read up on your type and it makes a lot of sense to me . you're type even happens to be the type i seem to find myself ... i think it's lame that american's had to create their own sport and then name it after a pre-existing one and then change the name of that sport . i think the main problem people have when thinking about sports is that they tend to think of team sports like handegg or baseball , when , in fact , it just means a physical activity involving rules ... i love hearing that , but sometimes it irks me . perfection and best are a matter of opinion . i believe i'm a good lover because of how much i do and i want to do . i sit there and think about ways ... * gets into stash * i am not deceitful : if i were , i should say i loved you ; but i declare i do not love you : i dislike you the worst of anybody in the world . - jane eyre . do not let your fire ... i think where you would find an infp depends on if you want a light happy infp that smiles and let's people talk and is sometimes pushed around , very happy go lucky , or a more stereotypical infp ; ... this ! i swear like a salor . but no one seems to notice . my ex is an intj . our only problem was that we didn't see eye-to-eye when it came to emotions . the first time i trusted him to see one of my break downs he totally ran away . make sure this guy knows ... will you give someone else a chance to give some input already ? you're so bland and boring . oh yeah , that's totally possible . - not sarcasticly . put that sceudal away already ! well that ... i enjoy situational humor . like when dead baby jokes are told to new mothers . otherwise i can't stand them . or when my friends and i are playing a game like silent hill and something scares us ... the fantasy author , concidering i am one . also the dreamer . i can't really relate to the healer , however . i like to help people , but i believe that it is ultimately the persons who heal ... good luck ! hopefully when you find this person you will love her and she you , and the two of you will be compatible . i'm pretty sure that if my dream guy / girl exists , than they wouldn't go for someone like me . that's not to say i don't have confidance and like myself , i'm just thinking realisticaly . i've never met ... i've always been naturally athletic , but it's hard for me to find active things to do . when i was a kid i often played pretend and climbed trees . but now i live in a city and it's not safe to do that ... this seems to happen to me a lot . i'm ninteen-years-old and everywhere around me friends seem to get getting together with someone . i recently became attracted to another person until it was made ... are you sure you're not an extrovert . bitch . talking to you is kinda like talking to a brick wall . calm down . i do . i recently found out that i'm cronicly depressed , so it's a very different type , my emotions go out of controle and i spiral . i didn't believe it for weeks until i looked back into it myself , ... i found this a few years ago and i scored a twenty-two . i just took it again and scored twenty-three . i think i'm getting worse . oh dear . i actually talk about this quite often . i've had a few ... one of my best friends is an isfp . we only get to see each other once a year for the most part but we talk online nearly every day . we've never had a major disagreement and we agree on most things . i ... this sounds like depression . there are different types , so i would get it provesionally checked out instead of trying to decifer it for yourself . please don't assume i'm one of those people who just ... honestly , i'm scared of having sex . i'm scared of the pain , i'm scared of getting pregnant - i'm terrified of getting pregnant , i'm scared of contracting an std . but most of all i'm scared that the ... right ! explain . i didn't do it ! after loud clanging while i'm in another room . i will punch you in the face . i don't even know . to my own comments and actions . is it bad that / when ... wulfdot , if you had read the response ethiope gave me , and the one i gave her , you would have realized that we had already concluded that i had made a mistake in seperating my different functions .  ... thank you for helping me further understand the n / s comparisons . i often have trouble diferenciating between the different aspects of my personality so i apologize for any mistakes i make and feel ... f's do tend to be impulsive , but we are also capable of controling our impulses . it just happens to be something that we must learn as opposed to something that is second nature to us . i will use ... i am quite fond of you as well . '