' i tend to be insecure a lot , for various reasons . and sometimes depressed . but things have been going well for me lately :) i'm definitely still sometimes quiet and need alone time . i could never ... pretty sure i'm infp , not enfp , but i'm thinking you guys will have good feedback for me :) i've always been pretty reserved around people , even my closest friends - quiet , cautious , neutral - to ... i've always been good at writing . my mom used to tell me i was going to write the next great american novel , haha . but it's never been something i've pursued seriously , partly out of stubbornness - ... molting , eh ? that's a great way to describe it :) i think i do it pretty frequently - in fact , the happier i am in life , the more often i renew . i'd say every couple of weeks i make a small shift ... i get asked for directions all the time , too . i was living in a big city last semester , which i was not at all familiar with , but every single time i went out i ended up helping some lost tourist . ... oh man , are we twins ? same age and timeframe , even . i've been working on the emotions / repression thing for a little longer , though , and i promise it gets easier :) feel free to pm me if you want ... i have meditated off and on over the past couple years ... generally it's been a great thing for me . but a couple of months i sat and had a similar experience , to the point that i had a small panic ... that was me up until my early teens . i've mellowed out , but occasionally i do get the urge to pick a fight . i always thought i was because i wasn't getting the kind of emotional response i needed ... ok , i have a question , nothing to share . so , i've been trying to do more creative type things . just for myself , in a sketchbook or whatever . and , like any good infp , i have tons of ideas . ... i've wanted to be a vet , travel agent , journalist , photographer , architect , olympic athlete ( hah ) , naturalist , marine biologist , owner of a pet store , dog trainer , and many other things i can't think ... hah , i'm not looking to feel like the best type ever , just not the worst :P and honestly , i don't really think these are all great traits ... i don't find them particularly healthy for me or for a ... hey , i'm feeling better about things , thanks everyone :) i figure that since there's no way to change my personality type , i should just accept it and use what skills and energy i have to try and be ... it does help me to feel better , but i'm not in a position to go seek that out right now ... thankfully i'm not really shy , so it shouldn't be too hard to connect with someone new in a different way ... this is a really good point . i should look for something concrete to change in my life instead . do something different , meet someone new or something . thanks for the direction :) just because it makes life complicated , i suppose . sometimes i just need to do something - make a practical decision , do a job i'm not particularly into , etc - and i always have to sort through a ... i've actually been doing really well lately as far as taking care of myself . and i'm reasonably self-confident and not depressed . i don't know , i guess i'm just feeling restless and taking it out ... [ warning , self-indulgent whining ahead . ] for some reason i'm feeling kind of negative about being infp lately . i can feel all my limitations and i keep blaming them on being too introverted , too ... i have to point out that there's nothing really wrong with you for not being emotionally-driven . you are who you are and as long as you're not intentionally hurting others , i think you're ok :) ... i've been told often that i should consider teaching and i think i would love it , especially at the younger ages . sadly , i'm not a huge fan of the education system in america , so i don't think i'll ... i drink only occasionally , but when i do am the opposite of life of the party . for some reason it completely shuts down my brain and i have almost nothing to say , lol . i wish it were the ... wow , that conclusion really gave me a whole new understanding of p / j and how it plays out in my own personality . thanks for this :) there's a theory that deja vu occurs when your brain is attempting to match a new experience to the bank of accumulated experiences in your past . our minds generally operate by categorizing ... i'm mostly in the nf , infp , and enfp forums . but i didn't know about the unread posts link before ... i'll probably try that now ! one thing that might help is to be really clear about what you would like her to do . have a list of specific things - making a meal , cleaning a certain room , the vacuuming , etc . i know that when i ... haha , that is terribly true , of course . i find that i can express exactly what i am thinking in writing . on the other hand , sometimes i find out there were things in my mind that i didn't even know ... i'm pretty terrible at getting what i want or need in general . but i think it's important to be able to do if i want to stay happy and healthy , so i really push myself . i think it's best not to ... i've run into a personal barrier that is really frustrating me right now , which is : i love abstraction . abstract ideas , concepts , imagery , discussion . i'm quite good at understanding abstract ... i definitely internalize my stress and anxiety very easily , and it often affects my breathing . sometimes i hyperventilate , or forget to breathe , or feel as if i have forgotten how to breathe and ... ok , i'm going to try and steer things back towards this list : i am definitely hsp - something i've always attributed to being a preemie , but who knows . i've become less sensitive over the ... i'm looking forward to graduating college , buying a new bike , and living in the same place as my little brother again ! and , of course , learning and growing , as always :) actually , i am the world's most boring drunk ever ! alcohol doesn't loosen me up , it just slows my brain down so i have nothing to say .. however , i drink very little , partly because there's a ... i guess i mean why do you use the word disgusted ? what would cause disgusted fi ? just negative emotions ? but that's a more typical response for me and i know how to handle that ok ... this is a more subconscious , overwhelming thing . and there's no reason i can think of for a simple suggestion like that ... hahaha i bet your parents were thrilled : crazy : what do you mean by this ? i'm sure i'm not ocd ... ok this is a long shot , but i'd love to know if others experience this or have any insight into it ... sometimes when i tune into my internal dialogue , i am just kind of silently screaming no ! ... i'm more often happy , but it's usually overshadowed by anxiety i'm very interested in biology , especially aquatic and marine , and ecology . i love to learn about them and study on my own , but i can't stand the rigidity of actually working in these fields : x ... infp poking in here to say : it's really unnerving when people take of their masks . if that girl thinks she truly knows you one way and then you suddenly switch , she could be confused and maybe ... yeah , in a situation where i'm emotionally invested and the other person shuts off , i can get pretty panicky . i need to know what the other person is thinking / feeling in order to respond and i need ... pretty much everything that ammon wrote rings true to me . i also had to teach myself how to take a compliment after someone i really admired pointed out that it's kind of rude to dodge them . now ... does anyone here meditate on a regular basis ? what's your routine ? how has it helped you / what effects have you noticed ? i've been very interested in practicing , but of course my struggle has ... i worked with an enfp girl for quite a while ... it was a food-service job where we had a lot of interaction with customers and of course she loved to talk with everyone . however , there were a couple ... ok , i've never met anyone else who does this , but i bet there's some infps who know what i'm talking about : i get words stuck in my head . like , i'll be talking / listening to ... i'm way too self-conscious to do impressions like that ... i think drifting off half-way through a sentence is my worst trait and i do it more and more often these days . i also always pick at my ... i've spent a lot of time feeling exactly this way . eventually someone helped me see that it was just a coping mechanism , a way of dealing with fear and insecurity : if i held this vision of myself at ... it sounds like religion is a big force in your life . could you speak privately to someone in your church about your problems and concerns ? a priest / minister / rabbi / religious leader might be able to ... could you explain a little more what you mean by a difference between our extroverted character and introverted feeler and how it would result in you using we in your mind ? i used to narrate ... i sincerely doubt that there is any correlation between type and sexual orientation or gender identity . but , for what it's worth : my bio-sex is female , i suppose i'm somewhat genderqueer ( in that ... i agree with the suggestion to have a study partner . i've always done my best work when i'm working with someone , it's just much more fun and interesting ! it's okay to judge people's actions , but i don't think you should judge people's inherent traits . you really can't avoid applying a worldview to anything you experience . and i'm not sure why , ... '