' come on , that's kinda like picking a physical fight with a kindergartner . that being said , i'd probably do it too ;) . try thinking of it as getting to know the other person instead of having to accomplish anything tangible . works pretty much the exact same with me . entp by the way . it'll either come from the conversation or some random observation i'll make . i was a math major in college and there was 1 girl who i'm pretty sure was an infj in the department . we both were also the only ones with 4.0 math gpa ( her overall was way higher than mine though ... true and if it's not tight there is a whole other slew of problems . well let's just say the last person who knew what's up but wasn't tight wasn't able to throw down because he didn't know which way ... did you not see the gangster part ? he has to throw down with anyone who doesn't know what's up . was a math major in college and had a 4.0 math gpa . actually ta'ed a couple calc classes :) . go on ... gotcha then in the spirit of the debate please see my video response https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh7lp9umG2I i expect you to watch the whole thing xd . so an acceptable strategy to winning as you define it is to say reallly stupid things until your opponent is frustrated at your stupidity and walks away . you're assuming that religions can just be changed when they can't . which is one reason why people flock to it . following an unwavering ethical standard set forth by an all knowing deity sounds a lot ... the void was filled with spiritual beings , it doesn't mean that is the only thing capable of filling the void . anything else providing the same level of comfort would work just as nicely . and ... so religion is popular and useful as a result of it being able to be used for evil ? i too like to take the swiss army knife approach to my ethical systems . quit frankly i don't even consider one with ... you can't honestly be serious ? you are completely guessing at a historical figures motives and assuming them to be bad . jesus was actually a pretty decent guy and was way ahead of his time morally ... and in the event of a tie , the current champs get the nod . entp it is xd . i've never thought of intps as assholes . awkward sometimes but asshole is generally reserved by extjs not trying to turn this into mma vs traditional at all but , i love the more modern ones ( brazillian jiu-jitsu , judo , wrestling ) mostly because once i figured out the basics i got really good really ... how so ? most of the time it probably has more to do with body type . not many midgets too good with a triangle xd . that being said i was always a fan of the anaconda choke , years of using something ... not really a misquote . i'm trying to understand why you make the distinction where it's okay for her to be touchy with other men if she's a virgin but , not okay if she isn't . it just seems like a ... what i was going to work around to was that thinking any differently of someone for them not being a virgin is unrealistic . and that there are plenty of good girls who have had sex in the past . that ... how old are you ? i ask mostly because anywhere 20 + and finding a virgin is pretty rare . people who insist their are two right sides to every argument . nope , sometimes there's just one side with supporting facts . relax , it was just way too easy to pass up :) a really fun example is seeing when someone has asked the exact same question as one that's been asked a thousand times before just slightly rephrased ;) not really , if something has to get done i'll do it but strongwilled isn't really one of my better qualities oops i meant closer to fi = > enfp but got distracted while typing :P , again not really conclusive but every entp i know and myself see life as shades of grey . so yeah , i'd lean enfp . while not conclusive , that is more along the lines of fi vs ti it comes down to ti vs fi . one good question is do you believe there is absolute right and wrong or is morality one big grey area ? i did provide the study in the hyperlink , but here it is again americans . also , i agree with you that we need to move away from oil as a fuel . i haven't looked up how much is left but , my motives ... no sir , these people have been lied to . when the companies have bought out the media and told them to spread doubt , is it really these people's fault that they don't know the truth ? you are ... in regards to climate change it isn't a problem with sensors so much as mass misinformation . by and large companies realize that having to regulate their output of emissions would be a huge drag . so ... i'm entp but we tend to not get along all that great . granted my experience is limited to an ex-gf and my mother . the ex-gf would always get mad when she'd have an opinion i thought was to simplistic ... entp i was a math major . why is that ? the whole se primary doesn't really fit . besides that reading the descriptions of estps make me cringe remembering pretty much everyone i hated in every sport i've ever played whereas ... gluttony - definition and more from the free merriam-webster dictionary 1 : excess in eating or drinking 2 : greedy or excessive indulgence so it could be indulgence into anything ( food , ... depends on how you look at the word gluttony . if you define it as a desire for excess then , food need not be in the equation at all . gluttony first distant second is pride . i don't know , my closet consists of blank tshirts of about 10 different colors , 5 pairs of jeans , 1 pair of running shoes , and a pair of sandals . seems more like the i don't give a fuck uniform . they're not the scapegoat mbti needs , but the one they deserve . something like this ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KmSc34LQ50 in a thread titled why infp's are dumb and pointless you expect there to not be trolling . how so . this is a pointless thread so i'm contributing more to complete pointlessness . this thread is now about alpacas 93106 the fucking best that's pretty much it . so the situation is i grew up next to a girl a couple houses down . anyway i moved and we sorta lost contact until last summer . her mom is a dog groomer and last summer when i went to pick up the dogs ... delete please comps being weird :( . you know teaching may not be a bad idea . i can't imagine there is a huge abundance of high school teachers who can coach wrestling . oh it's a ton of fun . i had a weird style in wrestling and do in jiujitsu because i was good at scrambling ( basically where neither guy is in a good position and whoever can figure out what to do ... i know right . i prefer carrot fetishes , fruit is just weird . so i graduated college in 3 years with a math major ( 4.0 gpa in math ) and thought since i had fun in undergrad i should go to grad school . which isn't working out at all . between the extreme ... '