' oh yes , it's so fantastically true it's wonderful . i usually reply by trying to point out that my work involves developing original ideas and models , and also by pointing out , at least in my ... although , i just realised , to be fair it's not that commonly said to me , as compared to things like how the hell do you know about this ! ? that because i am good at maths and science , and because i read a lot , that that somehow makes other people more creative than me ... that is , people say words to the effect of oh , you are good ... yeah i can understand what your saying - i had the same problem when i was one of those children things we've all seen running around on weekends . i used to ask questions and get an unsatisfactory ... aeroplanes made out of whale blubber . we'll have them one day . we are yet to make the full transition to human . your brain goes every which way is possible , up , down , sideways whilst doing back flips and blowing raspberries . ideas come and go and your head seems to create ideas as quickly as it leaves them ... haha ... brilliant . i think we're far more likely to act like clowns and make fools of ourselves . in a group of rationals , ntjs are probably judging me or taking me a bit too seriously , whereas the intp at least quietly ... production surely just means what it always meant and always will mean doesn't it ? it's just that we produce different things and the division of labour continues to create more and more specialisms ... what could go wrong ? i think it's hard to say since both capitalism and socialism have so many variants . sometimes what people call socialism can have many similar traits to what we call capitalism ; you still have trade , ... currently a doctoral student ... i'm supposed to introduce myself to people as a research engineer . i'm always smiling ... especially if i'm on the london underground ; i can see everyone else looking miserable and tired and so i like to smile since i know everyone there will sinisterly stare at me ... not sure , it's hard to say . i think that maybe being entp means you play a certain role within a group rather than being member of a particular group itself , at least to a significant extent . what ... prefer fs mainly , esfp infj enfj ... if the j is too strong i may end up going mad and start committing horrific crimes against humanity , but hey ... i'll give it a go anyway . have you experienced issues with self-esteem as ne-ti or ti-ne ? yep . for the past six years or so ... its getting better since about a year a go i realised that the shyness and self-doubt i was ... so true ... i've long believed that if they're going to report stuff like this , they should have a massive sign up in the background saying not news , like they do for sport or weather . i am very interested in current affairs and such stuff , in fact the vast majority of my procrastination is reading news articles , googling political topics and stuff like that . in terms of news ... hehe , that could quite easily be true :P . although i have to ask , does it only count as people watching if it is for the sake of people watching ? does it count if we're observing people for the ... yeah ... although are there many people who don't people watch from time to time ? 194618 here ... it's a sad panda . i like it . feels appropriate for this thread . the doctor from doctor who :P . gandalf the grey , more so than the white . gandalf the grey seems to be a bit more chilled , he drinks lots of beer and hangs around with hobbits seemingly just for ... hehe , i have to have about 3 or 4 books on the go at once otherwise i'll not get through them . rather than reading one book all they way through , start to finish , i read one and then when i got bored ... i know one entj , though not very well . one thing the springs out immediately when i think of him is that he is obsessed with money - it's all he wants and he'll never be seen wearing cheap clothes , ... hehe , one of my lectures told me if i ever get asked a question to which i don't know the answer just say heisenberg's uncertainty principle and it'll usually be right . haha ... yeah that's a fair point . it's one of those things where i've started out joking but the joke seems to have ended up gaining a little more rationality behind it than i expected ;) . ... wait ... dam . i almost thought of something then but it's gone now ... still seems like a good plan . i don't see anything wrong with this plan whatsoever , not only do we solve the population crisis , but the survivors would presumably be immune to the black death ... so we would have achieved a great ... mild social anxiety and occasionally poor social skills . in fact , the social anxiety can be occasional as well . there are just certain situations where i may or may not end up feeling so ... most people would describe me as far-left , though i use that term reluctantly since the terms right and left are usually used in a derisory way and they also oversimplify things a bit too much ... one thing i love to do: if person a and person b really despise one another i turn to person a , for example , when he is on his own and go hey , a , you know you really remind me of b , you two are ... when i saw the title of this thread i was seriously hoping that procrastinatio was going to be some sort of spanish or italian super-hero , possessing incredible powers of procrastination . please ... mum : enfp - warm , energetic and laid back . also loves to gossip . dad : isxj - controlling , pompous and quite closed-minded - sometimes i consider the possibility he could be sociopathic due to his ... probably says it all there ... i get the strong suspicion that many people on forums such of these just look at two paragraphs off of some website that describe myers-briggs types and use that for ... ... well i'm entitled to my own opinion .. normally said after you quite clearly show what they said was wrong , clearly a redundant thing to point out , as i am not telling them they don't have an ... do any of you find nts ' unimaginative ' ? i have definately been refered to as lacking in imagination because of my interests , such as science and math , whilst ignoring my other interests in less ... used to love killing anything that crawled in my backgarden , just for fun . at uni , during an ant invasion , i did preoccupy myself with pouring boiled water over them in my kitchen . this is ... i have after the past few days been thinking about contrarian and conspiracy theorist attitudes . i can't help thinking that someone being a contrarian for its own sake , that is , taking unorthodox ... like i said , we are going round in circles . i have shown why the burden of proof lies with you , before you ask for argument or evidence on my part , you have to justifiably shift the burden to me . the ... we seem to be going around in circles on this one . i must point out perhaps what i mean exactly by the word claim , i think i have done so far only implicitly . a claim is an assertion , or ... extraverts can help me get me out of my shell as long as they acknowledge me , but if i am around too many extraverts or people too extraverted i feel exceptionally uninterested all of a sudden ... immediate ruthless dictatorship , destroy all minorities and kill anyone who engages in thoughtcrime . the one person left wins at life and gets an island . not quite , firstly i stressed that even science shouldn't and doesn't claim to know things it doesn't , it's self critical and more importantly it only speculates about unexplained phenomena , any ... you have made a presumption in my argument , i am not trying to attribute the unexplained to any belief system , it is unknown by definition , if we knew the cause of the unexplained or how it works , it ... when sitting with friends at a table , i tend to fiddle and unknowingly create structures out of menus , salt and pepper shakers and such . it's part of the fact i can quickly lapse into deep thought or ... i don't see how that counts for a good reason for believing in god , if you admit a great deal is not yet explained how can it be attributed to the existence of god , by nature of it's current mystery ... firstly , i have read a few pages but not the whole thread , sorry if you have to repeat yourself . :) agreed about your first point on our inability to absoloutly prove or disprove god's ... early in my school life i was surrounded by nothing but s types , in both my close friends and people who just knew merely of me and i never really got bothered by it . i definately noticed that my ... '