' damn , why are you so desirable ! ! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_the_Great he is awesome . retracking away into yourself doesnt sound like a good mechanism to deal with being overwhelmed with world . i think that people get tired of complexity around them and , if you look hermits , they ... entp intp infj intj enfp - would like to meet one irl i put morning because it's the only time when i am physically alone in the house . my solitude energises me for every human interaction that i have that day . but if i know that i will be home alone ... 645266 6442 82 me . 644249 just found out that my crush has girlfriend and donno how to respond to that . i agree . in my life there is just this one person . 643185 p . s . with your pun my anemia finally makes sense . 643161 my enfj friend is also very nice person . sometimes i think her manniers are so polite that it seems like she acts just from within some sort of a code . i have doubts sometimes is she truth-lover or ... i did this in my teenage years . rarely have i felt so intuitively understood . indeed . but it is confusing me now how do you understand and think i'm an enfj , at the same time . i get that annoying part . considering the need to mirror dominant functions , do you have any example irl ? ok , go on .. 640921 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_9Kf0D5BTs i like you , entps . its p ( h ) un to be around you . i wanted to play ukulele but got guitar instead , so it's guitar for me . because i think i'm losing my mind in basic-daily-even-dumbass-could-do-it situations . http://i.giphy.com/ErZDsIXfMoUNy.gif today i've talked to my only friend and got ashamed how blindfolded i was . during constantly stress situation i became overwhelmed and emotionaly drained so in all fog of emotions i couldn't see ... http://cdn.gurl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/discharge.gif i need something new in my life . these days are such pain-in-the-ass routine . give me something new for my brain to process . : mellow : lots of coffee . i have no idea who are you . hi ! fear of rejection , fear of crossing the line of common sense and losing my mind , fear of living an illusion , fear of being mediocre . i dont have any privacy inside a house ( i live with my parents in small , one bedroom house , so i need to go outside on a daily base to have my needed alone time . usually i go on solitary walks or to ... i used to have problem with that but through various situations in life and experience that i gathered , it is not anymore . now , no has become frequently part of vocabular . in all this proces , i've ... i do . and i find it interesting because of the way how their stories interweave . not so involved on emotional level , but it is enjoyable to observe human reactions in unusual situations . whether wise ... you know when someone doesnt even listen to you but but keeps doing on their own ? it really pisses off . i got flu a few days ago . and my enfj mother takes care of me . i respect that serving and ... 627426 i want my own space in house . no more sleeping on couch a having no room . and no i'm not at your service , ma'am . dear enfj , i'm not fitting in your schedule . yours truly , i'm out of here . dear enfj , you fuzzle me so much that i can't stop processing your mindset . our startpoints are so different so you got a thin line in there for me to quit search . your intp friend * damn you ... i've met an enfj female a year ago . i can't say we are match up but we have had a few pleasing conversations and we have sam humor level . despite i feel like i need to explain myself for a deeper ... good eye , pikachu . it is sensitive subject . i know . it's because group photo is older one , and i was younger back than . others were cut down meanwhile . i am way more side person now cause i grew really tall . you seem like you evolved ... this all sounds quiet familiar . does it ever feel like you are a predator ? not in a harmful way .. right there in the middle - distractible notice thank you , but i have something different in mind . like where does your curiosity lead you kinda way .. no , not in a dating way . do you date everything you got interested in ? i was just wondering how the rest of you react when someone ( or something ) manages to catch your attention . do you become impatient , and curious what's behind the curtain ? do the little wheels in ... 615338 i'm actually impressed that someone got interesed and even tried . it would be fun to talk sometimes : wink : will do ( feel free ) . this should be a signature . well for a small country like croatia , our language is pretty complicated for a foreigner to learn . although i know english ( quite good ) i check it every time , sometimes just a word but most of the ... old new https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc intp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xsF9fHdAfo croatian . puns , always . and something that is obviously nonsense but someone is really into character . * sounds like some people's life '