' animated , definitely . but , on a slightly off-note ... does anyone else feel that they sort of take on the emotional place of the character that they like the most , and kind of have that ... oh , i would definitely like to have that shirt . it'll freak people out even more so than normal . : ninja : but , no . i did have a real life interpretation of the emotions thing with only the eyes ... tea lattes with soy milk instead of cow's milk are my favorite ! : kitteh : this reminds me ... i made the first move ( well , first physical move , i guess ) on my intj , though he was thinking about it , and giving me the vibes the whole time . weird . do others always ... this was a funny one . i had it retabulate my results to get the one below . ( i got 86 % with the original tabulation . ) sickness quotient : 95 % warning : your sickness quotient of 95 % is very ... i tend to go more off of vibe than off of eyes . in fact , i tend to not look people in the eyes at all , because i get too much information from a stranger that way , and it's uncomfortable . i hated multiple choice tests . give me an essay , and i would ace it every time . multiple choice ? queue the over-thinking machine . ugh . i'm glad that i actually managed to skip through having ... i don't like those days . especially when they coincide with work . when it does that , i'm just like hm , maybe an energy drink will give me enough social juice to get through the day without biting ... pretty moody , like everything is falling apart in the world . that's normal for this time of the month , though . lol i also had this . once i went with the flow and went with my gut instinct / feeling then i was spot on . once i started over-thinking it , i tended to get the answers wrong . lol i got 28/36 . she thinks that life is simple for an infj ... maybe she does need some more time around you to figure out how you work . ignore below if you want . : angry : ~ ~ ~ sorry , i was just thinking about ... i have moments like this from time to time . freaks me out a bit , to be honest . wow , i didn't know anyone else had these moments . i'll be like , oh ... wow , i'm here , i'm me , i'm a person , and this ... oh yes , this is me ! get me started on a tv series i like , and i just totally lose track of time , etc . i wonder if video games are the same way ? : kitteh : well , if your infj friend is telling you about his problems with his other friends / etc , then that means that you're a very trusted person in his life . he probably senses that you do care about his ... do the work , i guess . be cordial , perhaps try to figure out why you hate the person so much ? when you get people , you understand people , but at the same time , you fail socially . one day i'll finally shed the labels i've been given / gave myself , and just be myself . walk , write , yoga ... lay on the grass outside looking up at the clouds ( weather permitting ) sometimes i do the same thing . it seems as though ... when i'm really tired , i access certain parts of the creativity that i have that i can't unlock other ways , or that would take more effort than ... they have strong emotions ... they just don't show them outwardly . it takes a lot of effort , and a long time of sifting through how they present themselves to the world in order to get down to where ... at my best , i've been told that i have a calming presence , and that i seem to genuinely care about other people . * shrug * mine's more of a taste .. but it can be a sight . anger ' tastes ' like ashes , but ' looks ' like the static on a television screen that almost completely engulfs the person . different feelings have ... i get along fine with intjs . y'all seem to have a kind of strange respect for how we work , though y'all don't share in all of it . why do you ask ? nyah , close as one can be without going through the legal / ceremonial part , though . :p roud : i identified so strongly with that . i have a sense of being within time , but also timeless at the same time , as a mere observer of what happens , and that happenings are brought out with or without my ... being weird on purpose is sometimes fun , though . : crazy : i kind of get a kick out of silences ... just because i wonder , and try to predict , which person will crack first and have to bring something up just to fill the lack of talking . it's a fun pastime . ... yeah ... mine's all ... * quick sweep with fe * * crap , this isn't going well . * * retreat ... retreat ... * * or ... bring up / wait for someone else to bring up a different topic ! * yes yes . one's married to a woman , the other to a man . flattered to be asked , though . : crazy :: blushed : so .. aquarian ... which one of us gets to be the evil one ? : kitteh : i am mainly at peace with it ... but ever so often i do need to douse it with water . a little fire is a good thing , a raging inferno isn't . but yes . i like the imagery as well . i actually prefer to ... my advice would be to slowly drop out . being ribbed for being an introvert is like ribbing someone for being short , or having naturally curly hair . it's not something that we can help . it's also ... empathy people touching me randomly / getting in my own personal space bubble . ( why do they do that ? ) loud noise any kind of drug ( i'm sensitive to drugs , so if i take the kid's dose i'm fine , but ... i think i'll start using that . what's up , my egg nog ? sounds kind of cute . : kitteh : my inner darkness only comes out in flashes . sort of like a low-burning flame that's constantly there , but certain triggers cause it to flare up and burn whoever's around me at the time . tending ... sure thing ! now to get an nt to program it so that happens ... : ninja : we share the same brain , remember ? : crazy : be honest , be genuine to yourself . for some reason i lost it at walking heaps of retardation . lol i'm an atheist myself , and i can't imagine people trying to just ' convert ' you like that . but , then again , i suppose if you throw enough logic at someone ... i'm kidding , seriously . i for ... it's even worse when your family does it . but , yes . it seems that i need to watch this merlin thing . intj fiance and i just kind of agreed to be married . but he did initiate the conversation for it . lol just two places for me to feel even more misunderstood on . lol ! i think that part of the problem is that if i put anything remotely deeply true in the space ( or anything really ) ... then i get the confused / questioning look . so , how are you ? ... i spend time with my partner , or game , perhaps read . but before anything , i usually take a hot shower / bath , in order to wash away the taint / emotional crap of the world . 1 . shy 2 . quiet 3 . observant 4 . chameleon 5 . clumsy 6 . needy 7 . aloof 8 . thoughtful 9 . conscientious 10 . empathic it's fine to be on medication ... but i think that we as a world rely too much on it . well , the difference between the two is that intj's value logical outcomes first , then humanist outcomes second . whereas , infj's value the humanist outcomes first , and logical outcomes second . it ... i express myself via written means a whole lot better than via speech . i always have ... though i used to write things that would be a present to someone on special occasions ... well , i saw the title of this thread , and i was thinking , well , none of the personality types are ' perfect ' ... because perfection means that something isn't in need of improvement , and ... personality ... well , now i know the type that throws a million questions out randomly . : tongue : i was first child out of just two . i think my dad has very well developed fi . it's his second function i think ... '