' i lean towards extrovert for liam because he just seems to really connect to everyone so well . from what i hear , he's a very sweet person , and he's constantly interacting with the fans and doing ... 1 . i was born two months late . 2 . until i was six , despite having never lived in the uk nor having been around many brits , i had an english accent , and my current accent is , according to my family , ... my sister loves them , and i can tolerate them , they all seem pretty decent and fun as well as relatively talented considering the state of pop music today . they're not really my type of music though ... this is one of my favorite books , but the last time i read it was last april . i'd probably have to reread it to get a more accurate perception , but yossarian came off very much to me as some sort of ... i'm still in high school . i'm in debate , science olympiad , principal's advisory committee and film fest committee . i was considering joining newspaper and the gay-straight-alliance but i was already ... i see smart people of all types . i know xsfps who are gifted and xntps who are the furthest thing from . anyone can be smart and likewise anyone can be an idiot . the academically smartest people i ... it flickers between i'm a horrible person and everyone else is better than me at everything and wow , i'm pretty fortunate to be so above average . i don't consider myself cocky , and most of the ... ne . my favorite comedy shows are community and parks and recreation , but i also enjoy 30 rock , blackadder , the earlier seasons of the office , scrubs , the simpsons , daria , and seinfeld , and the ... halloween , you make me feel so fat . i was thinking of going as an elf but then i looked at myself in my elf costume and thought that elves should be thinner , and that i should either lose some weight ... sports are so boring to me . i can't stand watching them and the idea of living vicariously through a sports team is stupid . i'm annoyed by the emphasis on sports in school as well . during the winter ... in gym class , the teacher asked a football player who they played against last night in a game . teacher : who did you guys play against ? football player : i don't know . teacher : why ? football ... so many of the kids in my gym class are really ditzy . and it's not hidden . they seem to show it off . they're so loud with their ineptitude . i mean , you're 15 and don't know what a sweatshop is , and ... english teacher - your logic sucks . give me a worse mark because your writing is too good and there is not enough room for improvement . seriously , is being a good writer in my teacher's eyes a bad ... i believe that my sheer existence and the caliber of the privilege involved with my existence alone makes me awesome . the sheer incredibleness of the luck involved with me being born in this galaxy , ... in what world is science uncreative ? they're all related , anyways . without science and math we wouldn't have art and independent thinking and vice versa . they rely on each other . it's an interlocked ... - astronomy - physics - astrophysics - books - the renaissance - wwii - the holocaust - american history - politics - grammar i just read the internet . fangirls are scary , and i hope i never become famous enough to have them . the worst are the ones who live vicariously through others and don't seem independent . this ... debate partner , if you get so nervous by debates that you can't even bring yourself to go to the ones you signed up for because of your fear of competition , then maybe debate isn't for you . also , ... i hate dancing . when i was younger my parents signed me up for dance classes to improve my spatial awareness and i quit after the first day because everyone was really annoying and it just seemed ... i have a fear of being poor , so the way i see it is that if i don't put in the effort i'll live a life not living up to my potential , which is awful . it's less of a type thing , and more of a common ... well , i only know one intp out of high school , that being my brother . he got his phd in physics with a focus on materials physics but he's currently employed as an electrical engineer at nasa and has ... my main struggles were in junior high , but that's behind me . that was when i attended a really sj-oriented private school with 10 classes a day and 11 courses per week , and they were year-round and ... i suspect that the most likely option is intj or intp , but he could really be almost anything . anyways , he's a professor . he's not very emotional . he identifies as an introvert , although he's ... seems estj to me . the description reminds me of a lot of estjs i know . it baffles me that this is a world where i can be ridiculed for giving people perfectly nice compliments and occasionally talking to myself . this worries me . and in other news , i met somebody in ... i agree with all of your typings . i love this show . my mom attended princeton and received her phd from there , and in high school she had a 4.0 gpa , was valedictorian and had a perfect sat score . she wasn't brought up in a wealthy family . her family ... type the characters of the musical and movie . tevye - golde - tzeitel - hodel - chava - motel - it's not healthy of you to not want to go to parties . that's what all the extroverts kept saying to me last year , because it's such an abomination that i'd rather read or watch a movie . blank , usually . sometimes when i'm trying to be friendly i fake a smile , which apparently looks quite scary to many people . i'm mostly harmless . once i launched a massacre on fruit flies because they were being annoying , but that's about it . i'd be terrible , from the point a baby starts making messes . i hate anything dirty , so babies would be too much to handle . i also don't consider myself emotionally mature enough to actually manage a ... i am the worst . why can't i focus right now on my english paper ? sure , it's about the symbolism behind the sentiment in a short story i honestly don't care about and never will , but normally i can ... gravity's rainbow slaughterhouse-five the restaurant at the end of the universe superfreakonomics other : my english binder powerpuff girls complete box set hand sanitizer blindfold ... goldfish crackers , pizza , my special expensive ranch dressing that tastes like one of the best things known to man , alioli , diet coke , fudgesicles , ice cream sandwiches , ben and jerry's , haagen dazs , ... congratulations ! i hope that it is a good kid ! i've been thinking about this a lot lately , and right now my perspective is that intelligence is you potential . we all have varying levels of potential . but genius is your ability to use that ... eyes , stop evolving . and i never tell anyone to stop evolving . but seriously , pause . it's getting really hard to see anything , because you're changing so drastically . i still have 4 months of ... no . usually it's just , i hope you don't get sick and that you remain healthy , and that sneeze was simply a fluke , or something along those lines . bless you means nothing to me . this isn't the ... if you had a hard childhood , how did you get through it ? well , it started with epilepsy , at about 1 and a half , or so . and that was handled with medication . later , i had a hard time socializing and ... i sometimes rock back and forth or pivot my upper body while sitting my feet are constantly moving i pace all the time sometimes i speak very quickly i like to read multiple books at a time , ... i walk at a medium pace , and there's usually a bounce in my step and my head bobs a bit , especially on stairs , and i usually look at the ground or at the sky because i'm thinking . if i have a lot of ... you're correct . i'm preparing my lightsaber right now . don't you dare ! i challenge you to a duel ! i love the oatmeal . also xkcd is pretty great . i love 27bslash6 , especially the missing missy one and his time on chatroulette . i'm a vegetarian and have been one for 4 years . the idea of eating flesh from something dead makes me feel a tad uneasy because to me it seems a bit strange , and i am healthier and happier without ... you are very right about that one . also , cracked is usually pretty good . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me5Zzm2TXh4 ferrofluids http://www.writedesignonline.com/Prompts/Dali-ExplodingClock.jpg basically anything involving clocks , especially if it's by dali ... i like both equally . personally i'm more of a sudoku and mahjong person . i'm way too frugal . i always talk myself out of buying things because i'm so afraid of losing money , even if those things are important . i don't do much with my money . it just sits around protected ... '