' 3.5 / 10 intp well , academically / award wise 8.5 / 10 , but 3.5 in general . estj i am pre-med student currently majoring in biochemistry with a double minor in neuroscience and spanish . my career goal is to become a neurosurgeon , neurologist , or obtain a career in the ... i've done it . yes , do tell more about what an awful person i am . oh , i agree . esfj ... i like the fact that you are open about your emotions ... entj ... i like the fact that you can get things done ... there , i said it . estp esfp i was thinking the same thing : tongue : i happen to be quite adept at public speaking , particularly if i am interested in and / or passionate about the subject , but anyways ... i am praised often for my public speaking skills despite barely ... i am strictly heterosexual . well , there seem to be quite a few good looking estp's . i'm never entirely sure what to do with my face . 91126 91127 i would like my name to be skillandverve well , i attempt to be a fashion enthusiast . you have lovely style , and welcome =] . 4w3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSPsrvnYbMg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Iy9ZNHbnSE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmjQZm0_iCQ not entirely , though i would say infp's in particular do , in fact , get on my nerves quite often . note , this is not an attack on infp's , as quite a few of my closest friends are infp's . lol these are great . for me as an intp , it would end right after * shuffles nervously . * i picked it :p . i assumed most intp's would have picked it as well . 4 . you are perceptive and philosophical person . you are a unique , one soul of your kind . next to you there's no one even slightly similar to you . you are intuitive and a bit quirky . you are often ... you summed everything up so incredibly well . i to e critical reading : 770 math : 580 - - yeah , i suck at math . writing : 790 ( i received a score of 12 on the essay ) total --> 2140 90474 isfp it's basically the same for me as well . my boyfriend--type 9 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdYc95wpW2s clearly not . i was referring to personal experience , not my encounters with infp's on this site . you scored 70 % you can play hardball with the best of them ! you know what you want and are not afraid to go for it – even if it means bending the rules occasionally and putting a few noses out of ... most infps i have met are dreadfully self righteous , yet believe this makes them unique , though this could be more prevalent in the younger generation as stated previously . it seems common actually ... gatsby : isfp / esfp daisy : intp / istp tom : estj myrtle : enfp nick : infj i'm actually quite fond of xsfp's . i suppose i could be alone on this one : tongue : esfp and entp . as commonly stated in this thread , i'm also good with the abstract aspects of math . i've found that i excel at physics / mechanics and statistics , but when it comes to regular math ... i'm definitely not ... she strikes me as an infp or an intp . i'm quite lazy , but i've always excelled in school . now i do crack down when i know a course requires a lot more effort , though i'm used to half assing it and still doing exceptional , so it can be a ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entp estp entj your friends strikes me more as an isfj due to experiences with a few similar friends of mine . i can relate to this to a great extent as i am with an esfp . one of my closest friends is actually an intj . i find myself at ease with him , though he can be a bit obsessive at times . we've never found someone so similar before , so the shock factor is still ... it is meant to be interpreted the first way :) . intj i am an intp , and i get along with guys more as well . limited . i'm not too particularly fond of sensors either , but i do like esfps and istps . i voted for esfj and isfj . i'm not one to become irritated easily , but those two types inevitably know how to trigger ... i agree with all your statements , and i am also close to the border of e / i . i've found esfp's to be quite beneficial for intps . they are our dual match after all . my long term boyfriend happens to be ... i'm not too fond of sfj's . i feel lonely frequently , though i usually quickly get over it . this cycle , if you will , continues back and forth often though . my boyfriend of two years is an estj . you guardians are lovely =] . '