' not at all . so assume that i chose to follow my gut and not be naive , which very often ends with me being wrong and i'm beating myself up for being a dick . that is when i hate myself for being a ... i decided i have to embrace my naivety . i hate it and i wish i could follow my gut and stop bad situations from happening . however , it is for me it is more complicated . i can either not be naive and ... poland-denmark match is on and poland loses on the worst day of my life . i'm drunk and i really wanted them to win ... let's just say it's personal . 1 . absolutely . 2 . i'd imagine hot water under pressure does most of the job . no ! don't ! changing it should be illegal ! :) but it's worth considering as a separate thread . am i the only person that thought this thread is about presenting songs about ourselves ? like trying to write a song that someone could wrote for you . : kitteh : i think it's a better idea for the ... this chai tea latte reminds me of another chai tea latte . we drunk in the gardens when he told me he never expected to end up is such a good relationship as ours . he broke up with me two weeks later , ... i wish i could say i don't do it . whenever someone gets too close whom i don't like or they start to invade my privacy ... very often there is some disagreement involved and i use it as an excuse for ... sometimes people totally confuse me . i sit in front of something and have no idea what is going on ... that's extra rare but it happens https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dOCT7LjZAg when i was little i sometimes believed i have some superpower . much like harry potter before hogwarts . if only i could move objects with my mind or talk to the soul of the universe . it was pretty ... https://files.brightside.me/files/news/part_32/326760/13842510-17093210-268545-0-1492160410-1492160413-0-1492220242-2-0-1492248514-1492248518-650-15-1492248518-650-32e9147584-1492261811.jpg that's very british . god please let me have that one good thing this month . just that one thing that would make all this shit smell better . http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7o69gr7gq1qc4ozgo3_250.gif i sometimes talk and reason with myself . it doesn't help with my issues but i can let off steam . people in the area must think i'm crazy by now . not sure i'm not . songs unsung will never die , as child he never cried , both those songs and tears built up a man who never lied . i couldn't resist :P . welcome to the club . hope it gets better . will one day people cut me some slack ? please . i know there is no excuse to being human but my head is pounding ... this is the cutest thing i've read on this forum so far . i mean it . ever . when i hear / read someone i valued that they have never been valued for whom they really are ... https://media.giphy.com/media/9tHehRChVuKbu/giphy.gif ... https://m.popkey.co/639122/M7XZ3.gif long story short i make a subconscious database of each person's writing style , interest , punctuation style , who is a parent etc . etc . sounds creepy but that's ... there are thousand possibilities to solve your pie problem . you think you found the most ' logical ' one but you can put a proposal for cake problem in pure logical manner . every solution you propose ... it is widely off topic but i strongly disagree with the statement ' emotions aren't our primary go to for anything , logic will be . ' if by ' our primary go to for anything ' you mean making ... i have it the same way . even if i'm the only person out of the two trying to stay in touch . for some reason , i sometimes wonder whether i have some problem with self-respect . fredward i don't want to be creepy but i am really positively amazed by your new profile picture . love it . just saying . :) ok everyone . this thread was hilarious but then a certain husband made it die out . i have to try to bring it back to live . let's try to break my intp female life into few categories , one sentence ... https://media.giphy.com/media/3oEdv0Kle09oH9GqxW/giphy.gif in stress situations i tend to look too much into past and that only creates more stress . why is it that when we are stressed , we stress up even more . to distract us from our current distress or bc ... i'm sorry to hear that . i hope the situation gets better for you and your brother . first of all , thank you for this . just had a discussion with my friends about this . just to add some stuff . woman are very often told they shouldn't fight bc it's not suitable for girls . we are ... the whole thread was a bit too long to read but from what i see ... ask him if he wants to be with you ( more then friends ) and if he says yes , try . if he says no , get out of this toxic relationship ... men are killing me ... i have a pattern of approaching people who are quiet and try blend in with walls . those ppl are usually fun to be friends with :) plus their being shy , brings out my confidence . what do you guys think of the new look of the subforums ? https://youtu.be/H77fRz1rybs : hugs :: blushed :: exterminate : this forum becomes strangely homey . : laughing : ikr : crying : : tongue : i doubt even if something happened to me ppl will help , just cause i helped them . it's quite idealistic , if i'm honest . it sounds opportunistic to me to say the least . i help people because i want ... i don't hate , not in pain . i'm 5 in 4 if that adds anything to the table . not repressing . i just don't see myself in other people at all . i find it quite selfish that i should only care if i see ... i disagree with stathamspeacoat . i'm not a guy but for me this : smells more like : give me a sign so i know if i should make a move . intps ( from my personal experience ) seek confirmation more ... i clean . or just do stuff i have influence on to calm my anxiety and relax . my enfp sister squising me so i can't move . then she makes me talk what's up and since i trust her , i'm fine with all this . we are special unicorns . don't fight it ... embrace it : hug : in conflict , do you ever attack people personally . for example use their past mistakes to make them feel bad ( something you kept in , not telling me it was wrong ) . say we are a couple having a fight , ... intp single people survey 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg will this endless waiting ever ... i do too . not at all ! your post was really good . : wink : i don't say it often but i was really moved for a bit :) honestly moved me : blushed : '