' * correction : that chart was actually season 2 as well . my bad . but could you give some clarification on your thoughts ? you haven't given many reasons for your dislike . also , it would appear that ... well now , it would appear that this thread has come back from the dead . huh . in that case , i suppose i will post the three mbti charts i have seen throughout the seasons . here are s1 , s2 , ... high maintenance tool . do not operate under high pressure . liable to extreme sarcasm . the next time i see someone use the mbti as a bloody panacea to all things personality related and so forth , i will be forced to throttle them in an act of most barbous violence . something of which i ... no . i am bloody poor at explaining anything at hand . also , i prefer to learn , not teach . it would be nothing but a nightmare for me personally . ten ? boy , you aren't going deep enough . as a matter of fact , i am currently trying to trim the tabs in my web browser on one of my computers to increase performance . blame tvtropes and ... hmm . found another mbti chart , this one is updated ... i think i can partly emphasize with you there on the part where you get anxiety when there is work to be done . though i am mostly a laid back fellow who wouldn't do an ounce of work even if you ... i would imagine someone casual , but with a classy demeanor . coupled with a no nonsense attitude , plus a sharp with to boot , and you have yourself an istj . suave . calm . collected . or at least , ... well ... to be blunt , we're screwed . royally screwed . so totally screwed even more than a screw . that is screwed we are in a situation like the one you described . it all depends on the situational context to be honest . often the trouble for me personally is actually getting stuff organized into categories in the first place . usually it stems from not know ... perhaps he is a troll ? i have at least 20,000 words total so far for one of my stories , with a chapter averaging around 2500 to 3500 words respectively . does that answer your question ? based on your description , i would say i operate more like a hybrid of the two . though i lean towards being spontaneous , organizing helps me pin down points of the plot i have already written , then ... 84774 gentlemen , i come to this forum to request your help on how to deal with planning and executing a story . i like to consider myself as an amateur fiction writer , doing it as a passionate ... 84655 o-oh god ... do we have zombies on the forum ? oh look , an asshole who looks to suck yet another creative soul dry . is money that important to you jackass ? really , i gotta ask . you are a no life , scum sucking , mother hitting , husband ... when the other person does not shut their bloody pie hole . my mother , bless her heart , sometimes makes me want to blow my own eardrums out . so much useless babble ... it is a wonder i haven't gone ... funny , i am a p type , yet my mother does not know when to get the bloody hell out of the store ... so even though i am p , i can empathize with you . i suppose having a hoarder as a mother does that to ... ... jackass . but she does show some of those tendencies in episode one ... or does she even have them ? am i picking at straws here ? i suppose the saying goes , there is no such thing as an intp ... coming in to revive a dead thread . might as well since i have nothing better to do . for me personally , i am hardly the romantic when it comes to situations dealing with real life . generally i ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWLb3XXTjlA you were saying ? i doubt an intp would draw attention to themselves . if there was an intp to be had , we would have found them by now . as it stand ... so the intp is pretty much non existent here . or failing that , rendered to an relatively minor support character at best . ... just bloody joy . isn't that a bit ... contradictory ? yup . too incompetent . they need to be purged . i would even go so far as to say that we need to implement nazi concentration camps for these fools . it is the least they deserve , after what ... same story for cnn . fascists . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Dctocak6Hw ... i don't have a picture ... but i do have a video . gentlemen ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81uLTl0y5YM just beaten the germans in company of heroes 2 . ... just stay out of it . accept the fact intps aren't simply made for marriage . a cruel fact of life , but rarely you will find anyone that will suit your needs . and no offense , but your ... ... sometimes , i just want to watch the world burn , along with all the festering leeeches and maggots that burn within . sometimes , i wish for tyranny , just to give folks a good taste of evil ... i don't have any real life friends , period . i find most people that i study with tend to be ... well , not my cup of tea , so to speak . i suppose i fear of being implicated into a situation of which ... when going for official literature , i tend to prefer fantasty / sci-fi alternate history , with all of them mixing in between . fanfiction wise on the other hand ... well , believe it or not , i have ... agreed . cancer - infp as well . cancer's are said to be rather sensitive like pisces ' and gifted in the visual arts . they're also said to be complex people whom appear strong at given moments , ... depends . i suppose i could be classified as one , without consciously even realizing it . sometime i do so intentionally , what with being a type 5 balanced wing 4-6 . since i read a little into the ... playing video games , writing romance fiction , and sketching . seems to me this is the way that most of the world is heading . i have never held a job myself , what with currently being in high school . but from my observations , it appears that anything related ... yes we can . i have happened to have lead a group of random people in a realism game called red orchestra successfully against my german opponents who were on the defensive . it can be done . the buck is this ! ? me in a nutshell . huh . uh ... well , i have a variety of affections for many characters . though i question whether i would even make an ounce of good for them as a partner . i am not exactly ideal when it comes to being ... i have no freaking idea . too many factors to take into account . maybe luna , twilight sparkle , spitfire and octavia from fim ... though i question if they would let me live after they took a ... typing any fictional character is damn near neigh impossible . the reason for this is that they aren't solid in reality . they are dynamic characters in the sense that their personality will shift ... having attention deficit disorder myself , the experiences can vary . keep in mind though that i have been taking these medications so long now that i only have a vague idea of what i am like when i ... dude , i have already come to the same conclusion looong ago . as in while i was still an elementary student in 2nd grade . as for my own two bits , try being a leader . you might not know it , but ... here . i actually have it in my right pocket . a moleskin one to be precise . 2nd one too . good day ! i just had a lovely apple pie and ... um ... did i miss something ? ... uh , i think i shall take quick detour while you two uh ... fornicate with each other in angry sex . yup , angry sex . ... well ... i hover between either the 594 or 549 , depending upon my mood at a given time . for when i feel creative , i get particularly romantic , though by no means am i naive to the outside world . if ... i just about despise anything to do with mathematics and science in terms of school work . i am simply not cut out for them . they just do not have a logical basic to work by ! well i wouldn't argue that their personalities are exactly solidified . anything goes with fictional mediums . hell , they could shift on the flow , depending upon what each episode desires . ex : ... '