' wow , dude , that is really spot-on . o = i'm energized by being with people i get along with - - i could literally hang out with them almost all the time - - but when i'm in an unfamiliar place or am bored of hanging out , i keep quiet and ... i know what you mean ! god , i actually would've liked to see an ac where he acted as a mentor to the player character . i don't think they did enough with the middle ages anyway ! = x haha , i have ... lmfao , exactly ! go into the current events forum and you'll see me not shut up about a lot of things . xd there's enough negativity in the world as it is with how people treat each other ! i ... ever walk past a table and have that oh shit , i hope that wasn't valuable feeling once you hear a crash on the floor ? xd i am feeling pretty good ! that's good , at least . =) i hope you feel better soon . welcome to here , fellow enfp ! 8D make yourself at home . i've found a bunch of like-minded people here - - though i'm normally the guy who agrees with them than vice versa . xd the piano is a ... to me ezio always reminded me of swashbuckler types . but altair definitely has more character development , and that makes him a strong character himself . =) and yeah , lol , him and malik are pretty ... as for sneakers , have you tried keeping them tied and just sliding your feet in an out of them ? x = i jump between a lot of books at one time ! right now i'm between journey to the west , three hearts and three lions and even treasure island . i'm definitely a klutz . xd whenever i hit some stairs or get near some glasswear i'm like a toddler all over again . i have a lot of inspirations ! it's hard to decide between just a few . xd but , here goes , in no particular order : 1 . william hope hodgson 2 . samuel taylor coleridge ( represent , homeslice ! ) ... i suck at remembering why i entered a room in the first place . attempting to write ! x = it's not working well . yeah , well , double hello and double welcome . )=< but really , you don't have to publish your type if you feel like it doesn't quite fit you right . =) i wear my enfp badge with pride only because ... 9w7 or a 6w8 . i've always been a bigger fan of ezio . altair had an interesting story arc and the setting was great , but ezio really had a fun character . xd i have yet to play revelations , though . @_ @ i ... . . . hating on humanity and ignoring our greater achievements in favor of the atrocities committed by us , all because its cool . well , i separate intelligence into two different forms : comparative intelligence and independent intelligence . comparative intelligence is the ability to share ideas through communication , period ... i wouldn't say that even some people are beyond help . more often than not , this help requires more than going up to them , pointing out why they're wrong and just expecting a change . sometimes , ... they exist , but the last one was like four months ago . x = i'm an enfp and i hate it when people are openly disrespectful to strangers . absolutely . welcome ! 8D like nevermind_me said , there are positive and negative qualities to every type , so they're all about equal overall , but in specific terms one personality may be more ... i do ! =D i also tend to care more when it comes to the colors of these collared shirts and jeans and stuff that are boring to shop for . i don't keep how they'll mesh with each other in mind , but ... lmfao , i love that ! this is almost exactly how i feel . dammit , am i saying that too much around here ? xd this is exactly what happened to me . = x lmfao . might as well recommend grave of the fireflies , dude ! very true - - it is theoretical . i didn't quite think of imperfection in type , either . but if mbti is supposedly solid enough to fit most people on a psychological basis , would the relations ... godzilla : final wars is a comedy for how ridiculous it is . don frye is the man ! seconded on kung fu hustle . i really cannot recommend it enough ! little big soldier , i do not so much recommend ... definitely agreed - - that teddy bear metaphor is beautiful and dead-on . ; _ ; i know that i myself , if someone's down in a rut , try to take their mind off of the situation so they can return to it ... i see a lot of threads here and there asking are estps best for intjs ? or somesuch questions , which draw from users ' experiences . but i found this chart detailing the relations between various ... lmfao , i love that picture ! it's also right , ofc , but not everything can just be swept under the rug , as it were . =) so that's enough arguing about opinions . =P this thread isn't about that ... what a picture , man . i can respect that . i'm sorry , android 654 , but you could be at least a little more respectful of us as people , even if you find our personalities to be distasteful or grating . it's as simple as that ; we don't need shit ... this ! this whole thread hits the nail on the head , even if the specific emoticon is different ! =D ( also , i would like to share a favorite new emoticon of mine : ( yo_o ) y for use with general ... haha , we were just joking . i give her crap all the time , so it's just that sort of talk that only good friends could exchange between each other . =D besides , i enjoy being weird . i get this often . )= i have things to say and conversations just move too quickly sometimes . - from a friend : you fuckin ' weirdo ! did you hear about the dwarf psychic who escaped from jail ? the news said that there was a small medium at large . i like the sound of it . =) admittedly , siel doesn't much sound like a girl's name , but the consensus isn't quite for the character to be female just yet , anyway . i think the thread creator is ... absolutely ! =) glad to be of service . try digging it out with a fork . you can't argue with a picture of their pussy , man . =P welcome ! make yourself at home . =D don't eat the cupcakes . what ? no , of course they're not poisoned ! they're just kinda fatty for you . > _ > anyway , there's a cool thread of holly's that ... oh , i agree with simon . good name for an enfp male , especially upon analysis ! plus , the enfp's class is minstrel ! we could make up little stanzas that he could sing , and preface them all with ... aw , thanks a bunch ! =D well , the only thing i can think of is that it's just kinda sudden , y'know ? )= i can't think of much to say about it other than going with the flow . i guess if you ... i wasn't here for the golden age of moods , but i wouldn't mind seeing a mood system , myself . =) horde of angry palawan stink badgers , hands down . or ! peacefully in my sleep as an old man . that would be nice . not exciting - - like , say , a horde of angry palawan stink badgers - - but nice . well , this seems kinda willy-nilly , but heck i'll try ! her name shall be clarissa ! so it has been said , so it shall be ! until something much cooler comes along , i mean . and that's probably ... welcome ! 8D make yourself at home . i think cafebot's just a robot , but i'm too new to be sure . > _ > there's a great thread by holly detailing a good trick you can use if you're unsure or ... . . . when you cry at what a wonderful world by louie armstrong . )= '