' i have plenty of friends and family who are sensors . i am quite fond of most of them . however , i generally find that i do mix better with intuitives . this is especially true in terms of romantic ... nope ... i am the only wild pig i've seen in az so far ! ;D well - i am not certain that diva is such a nice word these days , throughout society . often , it refers to someone who is self-indulgent , self-serving , self-glorifying , and eschews any and all ... i am not normal , and i am damn proud of that fact . ;) then again , i never met an enfp who can be classified as ' normal . ' we are too much fun ! this is a video showing how an enfp is still very animated when performing , even despite attempting to be more subdued . i am the one singing the solo , then singing with the quartet . ;) ... viva , you hit it right on the head . ;) well ... my experience as an enfp in life has been somewhat different from what you are describing . i am the one who will never give up on someone once i make a commitment , unless there is simply no ... lol ... you're probably right . ;) however , there is nothing wrong with the name , ' selena . ' be thankful your parents did not name you : ' breezy , ' or ' moonshine . ' ( yes , i know people with those actual ... historically , i have not found the end of a relationship easy to deal with . i have only had to deal with it twice , as i never bother with anything that i am not certain has a chance of lasting . ... smileygirl ... i love that avatar ! ! i am an opera singer , and it made me break out in a huge grin . :) off-topic , i know ... so here's my contribution to the actual conversation : for me , the worst ... i can talk candidly for the most part with my close enfp friends , however ... they are younger and less resilient than myself , mentally . additionally , having speny two-and-a-half years living ... i also have an intj ex . as with your experience , i had no idea that she was an intj , nor did i know anything about mbti at the time . i just thought to myself , now this is an awesome woman ... she ... xd you are definitely my mezzo twin , pinkrasputin ! i try not to fach around with them , either ... ;P however , i have also worked with people of just about every voice-type who are ... to be diplomatic ... eccentric . ;) lol ! ! ! xd you have no idea how priceless this statement is ! ! haha ... i usually end up playing comedic roles or occasionally villains . ;) haha ! ! ! i like it ! :) however , i know a coloratura soprano who's a 3w4 . so , as expected , there are always variations . ;) my apologies for the names thing ... i didn't think about that . but then ... i am not overly concerned . i didn't post any of their emails or phone numbers , etc ... lol a name can only get you so much ... oh , my good man ... you've nothing to fear . my sense of humor is vast and nearly all-encompassing . ;) xd pinkrasputin ... you are excellent ! we must perform together in the future ... :) answers to your questions , swordsman of mana : 1 . i am a lyric baritone who can also sing some low tenor repertoire . no offense taken , but it's a classic joke that tenors and sopranos are the ... i am going to be me , and smile 95 % of the time as i usually do . if i don't find a woman who likes me for who i am , then i would rather be single anyway . :) i know who i am , i am comfortable with ... well - my website is linked on every post i make . :) i have a links section up right now , which i will likely remove before i send my resume and website out for the next round of auditions of ... well , you obviously have the ability to carry a tune , based on your videos . the first thing i'd do is find a good voice teacher . what i mean by that , is not necessarily someone famous , or someone ... yes , exactly that book of mormon ! ;) ah , verdi ... :) this is true , there are quite a few of us in this line of work ... but then , most people have no idea what mbti is , and sadly , most people don't know much about opera . thanks , ace face ! :) i have been hiding on stage ! ! nobody expects an enfp opera singer ! ;) ( also ... for reference , my favorite show of all time is a broadway musical called , book of mormon . ... to be honest , eloise ... i used to fight battles with music theory before i started attending a university . however , that was simply because i had no training in it . i honestly wanted to be a jazz ... xddd * pounding fist on desk with laughter * ! ! i finally made it back into my chair after reading this and nearly passing out ... xd my occupation is rather uncommon , but seems to suit me very well as an enfp . i get to work around lots of people all the time . my job is never boring or overly repetitive . i do not sit in a ... fyi : there are enormous differences between an enfp and an esfp . probably best to read up on those types . :) hmm ... technically , i fall in love very quickly also . however , it differs from some of what i have read here . i always end up in a committed , long-term relationship if the feeling is mutual . i've ... wow jawz ... that is rough ! glad you survived ! :) sounds like a very unhealthy or very poorly adjusted enfp to me .. i tend to be incredibly communicative with a significant other .. personally , i always respond to calls or texts from friends , and ... any game which involves at least one other person is fun for me ... i am not a fan of ' solitaire ' type games . additionally , playing real games with real people in real life is much more fun than ... best feeling i ever had in my life was when i was with an intj woman . other types just don't seem to do it for me . this was true long before i knew that all of the women in my whole life whom i ... mythographeas , change is the only constant in the world . our vision of ourselves relative to the world is our problem . we are technically a part of nature , but we try to live outside it - this ... mythographeas , there is a great deal of assumption , and subscribing to what you have been told by society going on in your response to whynd . in fact , it's a phenomenally accurate illustration ... you speak truth . :) to be clear , i was in a relationship with an intj woman for a couple years . i am speaking specifically of making decisions based entirely upon emotion . my apologies for not being specific enough ... being asked to make a decision based on how they feel about something , rather than what makes sense . ;) when it comes to putting experience , and / or knowledge into practice within a romantic relationship : my enfp tendency to follow whatever feels right , or what my heart wants to do , often leads to ... i will say , without a doubt : from my experience , there is no woman anywhere worth fighting over . if she likes you and not him , she can keep a fight from happening , and likewise the other way ... yes , enfps love to make out , if my experience is any indicator . it is a wonderful way to express your attraction to and acceptance of a mate , or a potential mate . also , i have found that once i ... i find that it is much easier for me to motivate myself to perform mundane tasks if i have a partner or team to work with . i love cooperating with others . even if the task is mindless and horribly ... absolutely :) i am finished healing . i am just being more careful than i used to be ... i know that , because i am an enfp , once i sleep with a woman ... i am hooked . therefore , as you have said ... i ... no , they are not part of the vows at all . your story reminds me a little bit of my experience with my intj ex . she did not cheat on me , but she did use me . she used me as an emotional sponge , a ... the door slam was a good idea in this case . if he was an enfp who actually cheats ... that's not good . it means his values are either not healthy , or he has given up on them . in either case , it's ... one of the mistakes many enfps make , is going for a rebound relationship right after they break off something long-term . if you never give yourself time to heal , the past will continue to haunt you ... '