' i've read a lot of fantasy when i was younger ( 10-15 ) , but then i lost interested in it . i rather wanna see and explore reality . to invent stories seems pointless to me today . however i'm sometimes ... i come from germany and here we have a school system with the grades from 1 to 6 where 1 is the best grade . in switzerland 6 is the best grade . in his first biography the author saw that he has ... ah i watched it and liked it ! i can't help wondering about cognitive functions though ... i wonder if you see more details than i do due to my weak se function . i'm usually so much in my head , that ... chocolate ! ! ! welcome ! :D perhaps you can show us your art ! there is a subforum for that :) hm ... no idea ... it could be your last fix , so that you don't really notice it . so 79x x : 2 someone who likes to help other people ( concentrate on other people ) 3 has a drive to achieve ... your tritype doesn't work btw , you need an image triad . :P welcome ! wow you sound a bit like my mother ! and i typed her isfj :P but i'm not sure . well , i guess you will get more answers if you go to the type me subforum . there are also questionnaires ... sounds good :D so ... are you a bit like jack ? ^ ^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA31AyxUkqE comments in red . :) i also saw blue and gold / brown , whatever first ( because i read white or gold or something like that ) .. then i read that it should be black and blue and thought : yeah could be black , too . i know this very well . if you're borderline on the f / t and p / j it's getting hard . like the others said cognitive functions and socionics can clear the mess up . :) i nevertheless noticed recently ... hello ! i hope you'll have fun here and discover your type :) well , at the beginning i was crazy , researching everything about typology systems , wanted to find my type desperately . then there were ... welcome ! i hope you'll have a lot of fun and debates here ! how did you learn about typology systems ? :) if you really like debating that much you could also be an ( introverted ) entp , btw . anyways , ... oh cool a modest entp :D let's see if the entp subforum will change you :P ... just kidding ... hope you will have a lot of fun here ! how and when did you get into typology ? what's your ... silveresque ' s statement was more an information that problems often ( not always ) have their origin in early childhood . there was nothing about you personally in her statement or that she thinks ... welcome ! :D are you awesome ? why do you want one ? i'm like you , always had the same problems :P inxx for sure , then thought infj but the description was bizarre . then i learned about cognitive functions and thought infp . then i read an intp ... your personalityyour result : analytic 78 % let's do it the easy way . desire to have no conflict , keep the peace . needs sense of respect , feeling of worth and understanding . key strengths ... oh oh , don't remind me of that . i'm always doing it :( i was also pretty stressed the last months and so i'm very unhealthy 7 - ish at the moment . means that i'm very scatter-brained and confused . i ... right , oh , tell me your secret ... i should get angry more often . : unsure : i could see that 7 ' s don't notice their anxiety when they manage to keep themselves busy . nobody will assume there is something wrong with you , when you're always optimistic and happy and so on . i ... you can do whatever you want . i also came to that conclusion very early ( 13 or 14 ) . now i'm 24 and still have the same opinion . nevertheless what i noticed ( but it doesn't change my mind ) is ... welcome rationally irrational . i'm a irrationally rational :P how long have you been studying socionics and the enneagram ? :) how would you describe your ni ? hm ... i think you are an mistyped intj . i don't see any pness ... i think that's jeremusic 2 ! oh i usually also don't have access to my feelings . yesterday i watched a video and cried the whole time , because it really moved me . but it felt so awkward and i always tried to repress it or i feel ... i don't like risks . i always think i'll lose this game :P so i'm risk averse . hm .. i can't think of any ... perhaps , at the moment i'm taking the risk to fail my year at university because i'm not ... no body is allowed to spam here . ò . ó to not have resolutions anymore ... haha , i haven't thought of this ... ( i didn't read the post of t . b . d . a before ) i also think my fe is too high to do such a thing :P it actually refered to this post : and to this i like your signature ^ ^ great ! we could make them wanna puke or something like that :D http://www.theblogmocracy.com/wp-content/uploads/puke-smiley-256.png your thread was a troll ? your thread ? a troll ? can you imagine how much you've already offended him ? can you imagine how much that's hurting him ? ? ? this is really ... it's really ... this thread is offended now . the rest doesn't have feelings . o . o ' ... um o . o ' ... uuummm o . o ' wait ... i was kidding ...  ... aaah ( this has nothing to do with the birds and bees story - . - ) hhh do you also like birds and bees ? love , hugs and kisses , yours green alien from the new 1st new star trek movie . yes . edit : please keep this message private and don't tell others my real identity ... okay , listen ... um ...   ... there are birds and bees ... and what about this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRnPiuDeFek especially at ~ 13:00 he is explaining a very big difference between entps and intps . ( dominant perceiving functions ... at least teachers can be interesting ^ ^ i'm together with some old ladies who are talking about relationship issues and who had died the last months ... plus one younger creepy boy who always tells me ... i wanted to spend it alone ( despite being with my family at the moment ( holidays ) ) but my family is always sad that i want to be alone at such a special day and so they have invited some ( boring ) ... you can always do something if you want . but i also have difficulties to find something which is really meaningful to me . and so usually i don't like to do it . but without a goal in life it's easy to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-nZL36O75Y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t5XoPGtpXE or read about it in socionics ( intps are often lii and entps ile - mirror relationship : mirror - ... i met an esfj guy in my internship abroad . well , he was a young priest so nothing for a romantic relationship . but i noticed that we were a very good team . he was very well liked by a lot of people ... i see it most of the time as being nice on the surface although i'm critical on the inside . in the grip of fe i also can suddenly cry and so on which is quite uncomfortable and embarassing in ... okay i survived the first day , i could dodge the second day . today will be the most cruel but last day . a grandma is coming for dinner and we'll skype with a part of a family which i didn't see the ... help me ! get me out of here ! my family is coming ! ! ! christmas dinner ... :'( why ? ... why ? this world is so cruel ... yeah , ile-ti seems a bit too serious . your quoted part seems extraverted , yes :P also this i have to keep myself busy reminds me of the ep temperament : source : ep temperament - wikisocion ... sounds good ! what was your adress again ? :D * search a cat costume * what kind of food ? a goose , a dog , a cat ? ^ ^ '