' history professor : what was ( insert theologian i don't remember ) using to argue against ( insert heathen belief ) ? me : his imaginary friend ? cue offended and confused looks from classmates and ... so this is a bit off topic ... but does anyone else think she looks kind of like myka bering from warehouse 13 ? ( especially in the third picture ) i can figure out a way to fix almost anything , i love the puzzle when it's something new and the satisfaction of having sufficiently varied knowledge when it's not so new . reaction to a pair of preachers shouting at us about their religion on campus . specifically after witnessing one yell in a students face that if he was reading another book ( religious text ) he was ... to not be bored . currently at such a low point in life that if i had any remote believe in an afterlife suicide would be a strong consideration . but my current thinking is misery is better than nothing . 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea yes , several types . 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a loaded and assumptious question ) - more ... not to be bored . not being bored . ... is that it is so goddamn bloody boring . there's no spirit of adventure , everyone just suffers through the inane mechinations of daily life all the while the clock is ceaselessly ticking down until ... an infinite in every direction void black room with a single small meditation platform suspended in the center , around which orbits thousands of tony stark style thought-controlled holographic ... richard rahl ( male ) and kahlan amnell ( female ) both from the sword of truth series are the first to come to mind . forum user handle : pantalaimon 25 stage of life : student area of profession : engineering type : intj how sure you are of your type : fairly sure . relationship status : in a relationship interests : ... dark colors and anything i can move comfortably in . when , on a good day , the crowds part around you funny to screw around on , even funnier when your honest profile shows no matches : laughing : all the time , its the only way i can generate any initial interest . depressed genius , who needs happiness when you have intellect ? i haven't since ... i don't even remember : shocked : when at the end of your first semester of college you have met exactly five new people that you speak to enough to know their names . classic rock mostly , but with listen to most anything really . not at all . post removed , mistakingly posted i fairly despise my mother and would be perfectly fine to never have any form of contact with her whatsoever . you know you're an intj ...  ... when you don't have to tell people that they do not want to know what goes on in your head , they just assume it's safer not to know .  ... when the entire time ... somewhere in the northern half of california close to nice beaches , beautiful forests , and silicon valley with a nice mild climate . here's what i've got : 13522 my computer 13519 at comiccon with storm trooper statue 13520 bored during lunch 13521 me as house ha , when i figure it out i'll let you know . ;) when everything the proof said in the intj improvement points thread triggered an intense sense of revulsion . you're not an intj , you would not understand . this thread is over a year old , i don't know why it's back but i've moved to another town since then and don't even remember the girl this was about . you know you're an intj when the source of all your excessive anger at home and difficulty with focus at school is the fact that you have no possible time to be by yourself because of six siblings ... ( bows respectfully ) forgive my inconsiderate post , twas merely a disgruntled remark from a peeved intj late at night . i meant that even though women in general annoy the crap out of me i wasn't intending it as an attack against women on this forum since they , generally , are not annoying . women ( no offense to women members intended ) in yourself ? or in others ? by religion i meant the complete lack of i keep a notebook with me where ever i go so i can write ideas down as soon as i get them i'm laying out the groundwork for a book i'm planning to write that will tell the story of three mens lives . by following these characters the entirety of my concept of a perfect society will be ... fairly intelligent people who deny that the rational atheist has credibility merely because they are too afraid to even contemplate a world where their tiny little lives really don't matter all that ... the effect of the accent depends on the person it is directed at . some people will think an english accent indicates a high society asshole , but to others it conveys a sense of sophistication . interrupted ? this is an open forum , if you want a private conversation use messages . also , insulting the admins is not the brightest move . i wanna be the very best like no one ever was to catch them is my real test to train them is my cause i will travel across the land searching far and wide teach pokemon to understand the power ... i've seen plenty of fat people on the track team , especially if they do throwing events . i believe your incessant and irrational ramblings have disturbed us long enough . um , that's not new . and it's a quick way to login , if you have facebook open all you do is hit that button . take a look at the top of the page , it's only 15 % done , calm down . see signature v whoa , quote from the sword of truth series , not meant to represent my world view . just thought it was fairly accurate and curious about others responses . beth do you have any actual ... i know i do this fairly frequently . it will also happen when writting , i'll end up with the first halve of a word combined with the begining of a word at the end of the paragraph . : blushed : i also agree . someone with the required power and ingenuity will eventually rise up and mold the world into a society where the individuals with hightened intelligence will reign supreme , the ... '