' i generally dislike travelling . in particular i strongly dislike the planning and the flight / trip to get there . i do , however , love to explore when i get there ( totally winging it ) . i have driven ... maybe a bit of jealousy too . i don't think it's anxiety . i think it's a lack of direction . have you found your thing which you love yet ? once you do , people interest less . passion or ... i appreciate good tools and items very much . but boasting an armani labeled tshirt in a flea market is not it . i have a buddy i talk on the phone every few days . sometimes when i am making good ... pretty much what you wrote in your first post ... i'd suggest some kind of craft or technician work . something you can become a specialist in , then dial down the hours and just work less . being a weird professional who simply takes work and goes do ... last post was 2 years ago - i'm curious if anyone who has participated has made progress in this area ? if yes , how / what ? help a fellow istp guy out - would you give me a practical example what i would do next to make progress ? your initial treatise is far too wordy . the way you explained , i wouldn't be comfortable in his position . i'd be weirded out if you said something akin to didn't like me enough to spend five minutes a day making me happy to my face . it's ... i 100 % relate to the rest of the posters . i overanalyze and overlearn to an unhealthy degree . the learning of it sucks me in so deep ... haven't figured out how to combat this , i tend to be ... i think there's value when the other person can balance you out . your first problem is that you think we are interested in having deep discussions . it's either interesting or not . i prefer cuddling . naked . i have no doubt one would do well in a specialized force . not as a general cop , though . an istp would also probably have lots of friction with regards to paperwork , ass-licking , corruption , lowlifes ... i agree , i tend to classify all of it as disappointment , and not that i'm hurt , he / she is an asshole / whatever . as if why can't you just be rational ? what is this bullshitry . but then i process and ... in a relationship with an entp . going pretty well . i don't think i could do an extended ldr , though , ironically , i had a 3 month one when i met her ( after maybe 3 or so weeks ) with no issues . you ... betrayal of some sort by the people that i care about . mistrust of my judgement , that kind of thing . poking at the fact that i can't fix certain problems , even though i have been trying to do so . quite a bit proactive with my procrastination , yes . welcome to the club , come sit by the fire and read stories just like this ... it's our curse . i don't think i'd know if i had it . i'm pretty sure that you can replace that ' true love ' with another one , though ... for a price ( not $ ) . so , almost another year has gone by . checking in again . not much change . unless it's external reason to work , i'm humming along at less-than-mediocre pace . i tend to prefer running errands to ... you just haven't found a good way to explain it to them that it's not how roll . that's quite an assumption to think that the target market is dominated by p's . you don't know . in all cases you have to figure out the buying criteria and relevance of the product ... what exactly do you guys mean by trying to be romantic ? not sure what you are asking ? selling is a learned skill . i agree though that weekly / daily reports are the bomb at moving forwarding . but oh how stressful they are ! ( but why ? ) musashi wrote the book at the end of his life when working for a daimyo ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLDYtH1RH-U whoop ! i very much like this idea . i'd much prefer it to be private and a challenge i choose myself ( like do my morning routine every day , just out of bed vs a public one ) . i'm down for an ... you know , if you asked a bit more specific questions , you'd get better responses . i'm dating an entp . very rewarding . i think it's a result of information overload plus all the benefits of being anonymous . and topic relevance for the person ( think religious debates ) . it's not like people , in isolation , are not ... sadly on point ... i don't doubt that , it makes sense . i doubt many istps make a big deal out of getting sex , but asexual ? in my mind there's a huge difference between asexuality and low sex drive . the former is ... fascinating little discourse here . an overtly asocial introvert who feels superior to others and feels the need to shove it down others ' throats . truly you are an exemplary miscer . enneagram combo , ... i would tend to agree . absent of some messed up beliefs ( or health issues ) , i don't see how healthy males would not want sex if they had access to it . maybe it's verbalisation / rationalisation of ... horrible idea i didn't realize i was projecting ' i am mature ' vibe in my post . that's a good insight , thanks . meh , maybe cause i don't really differentiate maturing from growing . i agree with how you define ... you do realize that you are defending it in part because you belong to it ? the whole identifying shtick and all that . he is displaying normal maturing istp thoughts . i really don't get it how you ... i think u - 80 is spot on with her observations . you are just fine ... an istp :) 1 . imo , it's not a healthy environment for me , either . on one hand , the cynical nature is alluring ( hey , i'm an istp ... i think we could build a pretty good case to diagnose this poor chap with sociopathic tendencies , like passive aggressive narcissism . more here if curious : identifying a narcissistic sociopath | ... the problem seems to be that he doesn't have plans what to do instead ... assuming that an istp will magically find his life purpose in a year of doing nothing is quite speculative by my book . moist turds . what ? moving on sounds better in principle . generally istps take on relevant and / or meaningful challenges pretty willingly and actually thrive when presented an opportunity to improve themselves . he should ... 2 semesters ? are you nuts ? just get it done ... think of the tensions you will create in your family if you don't . why would you want that ? just don't go into work in a related field after you are ... so ... how's that arrogance and the feelings of entitlement ( clearly unfulfilled ) working out for you ? reality is what it is . i thought i was asexual when i didn't get any . i don't think so anymore . i believe it's largely dictated by the quality of experience of you have / had ( ni ) . you just need a good match and it's on . ... i personally did not enjoy that book . way too frigging philosophical for my liking . i just didn't get it why they needed to ramble on for so long wishy-washy like that . lack of maturity or experience ( his way of picking up ) , that's all there is to it . not really related to personality profile ... regarding personal space - the need to tune out happens eventually ... i probably wouldn't lie . but maybe i would . not sure , i think it's hard to say when you don't have kids . i hear they are quite a handful . i think at that age you would be playing a lot of mind games ... once every two or three weeks for a couple ? do you even touch each other ? something like this . however , physical contact + right environment = it will happen . voluntary spending time with someone is the primary one . the rest are details and will depend on maturity and so on . '