' i didn't marry until my early 30 ' s and have been married for 16 years . i went a different approach then most--i knew the kind of relationship i wanted and who that person would need to be . i decided ... this is so great that you're coming to this so early ! really . one thing i'll add , just for what it's worth , along the lines of paying one's dues ( which is a really mature and realistic ... we are totally of the same ilk ! i have three people who work directly for me , but i give pause at how to refer to them--our group , our office , etc . , because i dislike the sense of ownership . my ... this isn't my regular type of post at all , but i'll consider it a psa : for those being brutalized by cleanings that involve fear , intense pain , and a lot of blood , i have three words : find another ... this is such an accurate summation of this . it's not like i'm bottling up bad feelings and thoughts about people , but all of a sudden i'll decide that it's just been too much . i do have a limit , but ... i agree--angelcat summed it up beautifully ! i always say that it can be confusing being me , because i always see at least two outcomes . being hyper-aware of another side or possibility is what keeps ... ditto ! just had to say , the type theory may come in time ! at first , my intp husband was totally put off by it , thinking it would be totally confining and narrow . when i finally got him to read a ... i'm out of my depth , and will let the pros and / or entps here field this . but , to clarify , i don't at all have to experience something to want it fixed in society . i don't know any soldiers but i ... i agree that for enfps this is probably less gender-based than personality-based , even though i'm not a guy ... however , i've been described ( by an entj no less ! ) as the most analytical person i've ... there are a ton of people here who are so much better at describing this than i am--but , alas , i totally understand the challenge so will give my two cents . at work , i'm very pragmatic ( as i say , i'm ... i'm sure i've said this in other threads , but , for what it's worth ... ns , especially nps ( read , me ! ) can really drive ss , and especially sjs , crazy . so this is not a one-way street and it has nothing ... i don't have any sage input but my husband ( intp ) and i met at work and to this day he has been my favorite work partner , if you will . it was the perfect compliment . we both want to get stuff done ... thanks for taking the time to tell the story . wow . you weren't kidding about it being emotional , though i'm glad to know how it ended . heartbreaking as it is ... at least for me , the regret of not ... i have a compulsion to know how stories end ... ( i will even fast-forward-watch a terrible movie i'm giving up on , just to find out how it ends . ) so , i have to know--did the calf make it ? what ... i think the best thing would be to find others who have gone through this who she will identify with--whether a book written by someone who has gone through this or a support group . a friend is a ... i also knew very early on i had no desire to get a degree--when i was in high school i would say , why do i need a framed piece of paper on the wall ? ends up now that i work in academia i get the ... well , the best way to sum it up is that last night i had a nightmare about a predator i could see in broad daylight--i wasn't personally at risk ( for some bizarre-dream-world-reality reason ) , but i ... i'm surprised there aren't more fans of game of thrones . definitely my first choice . ( i don't have a tv or cable--i only watch on my time-table , and via streaming or discs . i absolutely despise ... i have a weird need to find out the end of the story . i'll fast-forward ( for real ) through a movie i'm hating , just to see how it ends ( and to make sure i don't miss anything ) . i'm not on facebook , ... this may not help at all , or may seem obvious , etc . , but here are a few of things i've learned , in no particular order : - when i run , i still bring everything with me ( this was rather shocking to ... well , good point--i'm in my 40 ' s ... though most people i know who are 40 + ( both personally and professionally ) , are on both . the interesting thing about your question is that whenever people tell ... this is too funny ! if my husband and i are watching a movie and he gets up , even briefly , i compulsively have to start reading a book or my news app . ( even if there's only time for a paragraph ! ) i'm ... as someone who is originally from the bay area , but moved to new england an age ago , i think the east coast definitely may be something to try on for size . i always say that i much prefer new ... crazy happily married to an intp for 15 years . we are different enough to make things super interesting , but also very similar in important ways and so seemingly avoid all the conflict couples ... i have a huge problem with this when i'm watching a movie--i readily catch the interpersonal stuff and nuance ( and often explain it to others ) , but the foreshadowing and symbolism ... ugh . sometimes a ... here are my thoughts from my experience : it's clear your intention is not to be clingy , but the tv show issue could be perceived as controlling and / or clingy , unless you both had agreed , let's ... in case it's helpful , no matter how close i am to people , i typically am the one who listens , because , well , i'm a natural , genuine listener and people are used to me doing that , and because i won't ... i'm glad . when it comes to relationships , everyone has an opinion ( most conflicting ) about what a person should or shouldn't do ... it sounds like you want to and are prepared to take the risk . i'm ... just my two cents--i feel like i can get through just about anything with a mile-marker / finish line since i naturally live in the future anyway . x will be over is six months , x happens on x date , ... i only have a few ns or sps that i work with at any given time ( out of dozens and dozens of people ) - - so , i totally get it . i'm in the desert with only periodic glasses of water ! the sjs i happen to ... i dislike knee-jerk , generic , or cliched compliments . i tend not to believe anything when forced or when it's expected socially . i like out-of-the-blue , organic affirmations , if you will , or hearing ... this is a great question ! sadly , the people i really need to ask this question aren't self-aware enough ... you sound self-aware enough that you will likely pick up on the signals , non-verbal clues , ... when i'm being wholly misunderstood and i gently , calmly clarify the reality of what i said , feel , etc . , and i'm accused of being defensive , negative , or revising history . i allow everyone else to ... i have two estjs in my life . i have learned one has to stick to the facts and / or basics . the weather . planning . the name of the restaurant and what street was it on ( these two i never know , but they ... i think , romantically speaking , a pairing between ps really reduces the amount of conflict . ( your point makes me wonder if it's ps in general , or ips in particular , since you mentions is ... hmm . ) ... i so agree with this ! i worked with an istp for many years and we had an amazing , mutually synergistic working relationship . i think it's probably fairly universal that enfps will generally get on ... just had to say this is hilarious--a regular saying of mine is , i have the attention span of a goldfish right now ! when people say that not having kids is selfish , or that you'll regret it in the end ( and all the other pablum that's doled out--ugh ! ) , i always say , people should have kids because they want them , ... here are a few thoughts , just for you think about . people are certainly unique , and we all vary even where we are on the continuum ( i . e . , 50 % / 50 % t & f vs . 90 % f ) . so , as they say , results may vary ... a big factor as we get older is to weigh our need for impulsiveness against our long-term values and goals . i've been at my current job since 2001 . ( yikes ! ) i of course intended only to be there a ... i so agree with this ! i hate shopping , think fashion is fairly dumb ( why on earth would i change the length of my skirt annually because i'm told to ? ) , and wear pretty much grays and blacks , with a ... enfps see the potential in people / relationships / situations . against all odds , they can hold on , hold out , keep trying harder , and keep forgiving . there can be the thought that if they keep working ... i believe people should have children because they genuinely want them , not because society expects everyone to procreate . i knew in my early 20 ' s that i didn't want children . ( a few years to go ... i say the exact same thing ! hilarious . i'm fairly alone with the sentiment ( especially after this winter--best winter ever ! ) . the snow makes me crazy happy . the particular quiet that blankets a ... i work with a ton of sjs and i often can't believe my train of thought when they're babbling at me . spot on ! you have no idea who i am . i also start thinking things like , i am so bored , i don't ... i agree about the questions . when i tested people myself i used fewer questions and tossed out the ones that feel too confining or odd . once i delved into this a bit more , i learned that there are actually two types of visual learners--visual-verbal ( language one sees / reads ) vs . visual-non-verbal ( pictures and diagrams one ... thanks for clarifying ... if it's any consolation , i was sure my husband didn't know i existed . i had no idea he ( and another np at work ! ) were interested in me . nps can be so laid back and friendly ... just curious , go too slow how ? personally , i find the differences totally synergistic . ( i wouldn't have asked if you said we're too animated or loud , etc . , as i would totally get that--but the ... learning style versus teaching style--what a great thing to look at ... as ns we're also aware of wanting to reach the largest audience possible , so i wonder ... ? in the presentation i just gave on ... '