' hell is other people intjs are often portraied as villains due to a lack of fe i guess . they are weird and uncommon ( alien ) it is easy to look as a villain when you are an outcast .  ... 16/20 way above my expectations . this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYsqfLp0HAc agreed though i believe this discrepancy between the lists still causes mistyping . 84147 take an average book cover and let it shower in the rain for a few hours it will look old and stained . ( this is a guess never really done something like that before ) i played it . it looks like that old warcraft 3 mod island trolls or whatever . pretty good fun for a few hours . it was banned because otherwise it would easily win . i don't remember but i think people weren't required to justify , some people did while others didn't . why do you ask ? we actually had this thread . if i remember correctly blue won . black was banned though . this . but i don't think it would be pleasant ... or fulfilling . ironically , this thread has been pretty self explanatory so far . id say estps are the most feeling thinkers followed by entp . i like you . have some bubbles : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i-zYdOPG2k enfps love bubbles . go ask the intps they will make you stop wanting to know things . what is knowing blah blah what is everything blah blah . 5.9 feet tall and 171 pounds . that's 180 cm and 78 kilograms in the non-savage metrics but im sure someone made that joke before me . shouldn't we post penis sizes too ? since we are going full ... a nightmare . putting too many intjs in a single space will inevitably result in problems , there is a reason only 1 % - 2 % of the population suffer from this disease . i believe it would look similar to ... i blame our shitty tertiary fi . i think this is the key to the enfp / intj case and the random attraction to cuteness . i have also noticed that the enfps never answer where they can be found in ... a few days late but ... ted kaczynski - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia http://i.imgur.com/0G3K9Zl.png?1 i agree with the screwdriver analogy . the problem is that it is quite hard to change a screwdriver for a hammer or whatever so in the end we have to pick only 1 tool and stick with it . god ... i agree haha , glad you enjoyed my response . it doesnt change what intelligence is but could change how you perceive it . i agree with your stance on the mundane nature of intelligence ... i have read some of it right now . songravished by all that to the eyes is fair , yet hungry for the joys that truly bless , my soul can find no stair to mount to heaven , save earth's ... isfps have a reputation as artists . as can planly be seen in the forum title . there are several smart artists . here is a simple chart showing this . 57287 the x marks the spot . i think ... i don't smoke due to a certain episode in my life that i don't feel like sharing . otherwise i would . are you ok ? i throw stuff . glasses , bottles , water . i just throw them . our armor is strong and heavy , too heavy sometimes . ogle them nervously and sweat profusely . works everytime . it would be easier to answer if the ammounts were quantified but i will answer anyway . i think the only logical choice would be love . all the other options can be acquired through mundane means ... ... get the high score . where the video games at ? i agree with you . kant's fe is palpable . besides , he has that ti thing where he analyzes everything . fe ? i bet fruit ninja caused his social anxiety . fucking video games yes i agree . it would be an upgrade from my sub-par inteligence . i think this may be relevant . http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Ghost_0363cc_1353695.jpg welcome . i have seem some belgians around here , you should look for them . no use your ( awesome ) inferior te , you should be able to express yourself ( verbally ) better this way . wake up at the afternoon ( fuck morning people ) hot shower read newspaper eat play video games eat drink some whisky while reading something interesting , watching the night news , sitting in the ... it depends ... can i see some skin first ? a colorful orgy . goddammit , i hate when nfs read my mind . you are in love with her because you are 16 . wait for a few years when your hormones aren't so active , if you are still in love with her you should act . besides the age gap will seem smaller then . i'd pay good money to see an entp doing both . look at these statistics . meyers-briggs statistics they are not very common unfortunately . 53227 i wish . can't he simply build it , drug you and then drag your unconcious body there ? ur 2 slow kill yourself before he appears . this way it is impossible for him to kill you . alternatively . destroy your house . he can't kill you there this way unless he rebuild it first . i , for one , welcome our new female entp overlords . '