' i don't think i would yield , but i do think i would be surprised . i haven't met many other intj's in general , so i think i would be taken aback at first . but i honestly don't even think we would ... 1 ) i would consider myself lazy on a physical standard . i am still fit , but i am not active in sports and i don't like them at all . i will still go workout at a gm though , only occasionally . 2 ) i ... i hate that the answer to this question is yes . i don't know why , but i do . depressed genius . kind of the state i am in now , but i would hate even more to be a happy retard . it doesn't really affect me too much . i don't have super high pitched voice like a cartoon character , but i am female so my voice is higher pitched . i am still treated with as much respect from other ... oh i know hawaii is expensive . me and my family surf a lot , so we vacation in hawaii at least 2 times a year . yeah , it really isn't even an option for me . i am moving to hawaii or i'm going to die ... thank you . but still humans are responsible for pollution , which is one of the main causes of global warming . this happens all the time to me . i have arguments with my siblings all the time , and always win because i am ruthless in what i say . my mom has even warned them , that i will come back at them 10x ... ohhh good one ! you know , i first have to value your opinion , in order for you to insult me . you obviously are an idiot . sweetie , you have your facts twisted . you know nothing . your statement ' you're ... i am so sorry that you live in a bubble . negative things are already happening to earth . ever heard of global warming ? the reason i think we need to save the earth , is different from others . i ... you have a 50 % chance of getting schizophrenia , if a relative had / has the mental illness . ^ read that today , i find mental illnesses to be very interesting . i am not sure if anyone is ' afriad ' of me , but i have been told that i am intimidating to people . top 5 characteristics 1 . hilarious , he has to be funny ! 2 . kind 3 . laid back ; calm 4 . intelligent ! 5 . spontaneous top 5 physical features 1 . tan skin 2 . dark hair this literally explains my entire life . i am so fucking happy i am not alone . sorry for cursing . but , i swear i was going to go mentally insane if i was the only one . i don't even have to talk to ... this literally explains my entire life . i am so fucking happy i am not alone . sorry for cursing . but , i swear i was going to go mentally insane if i was the only one . literally , i don't even have to ... this question is constantly on my mind . and i have ideas of what the answer might be . 1 . happiness - basically , i believe the point of life is too find complete happiness . do what you want , don't ... oh i think i have the schizoid personalty disorder ... we're everywhere ! yeah i am an ineffectual loner . and i don't see how it is a bad thing . i understand the value of friendship , i just don't have the desire to pursue friends . i am perfectly content with my dog and ... if they open up to you . and stick around , and talk to you . mermaid . that is very weird and rare . i don't know why or how that happened , but i would be interested to find out ! lucky you though , at least you have 4 family members that understand you . i am the only intj ... i have no idea , but i totally agree with you . i use sarcasm to an extend . but i'm honestly not that funny . i am a little quirky , and i guess some people think that's funny . but as for sarcasm , i ... not at all , i am not even entirely sure i am blood related to my family . i am the only introvert out my 5 member family . they call me a wall flower . and are constantly confused why i choose not to ... i clench my jaw when i get irritated i have an obsession with my nails i love to draw , but rarely ever spend time on what i'm working on . i have horrible eating habits i research weird things i ... oh my gosh , yes ! i totally do the growl thing ! i use to train my dogs , so i had to get into their minds , and whenever they did something that was bad , i would growl at them . i guess that stuck with ... this thread is perfect . yes , i absolutely hate when i am interrupted ! i lose my train of thought , and i can't get back on track . i get so pissed that i literally have to walk out of the room or else ... you are right you are stunning you're freaking awesome ! yeah sometimes when i am just sitting there , with my ' calm ' face . people will come up to me and ask me what's wrong . and then when i reply with ' nothing ' . they tell me i look mad . no , i would never be president . i have no desire whatsoever to look like an idiot , controlling a country that is bound to have a downfall anyway . the president , is just a title . he has no power , i ... we are badasses , and we're sexy . 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea ? well , yes i suppose so . 2 ) do you often think about society and how downhill it is going ? ( of course thats a loaded and assumptious question ) - more ... 3968039681 this is me ! :) i would say that i am an attractive intj . i have thought so since i was a little girl . i do get compliments quite often , usually the usual pretty or beautiful . i have gotten a few stunnings ... you are really kind of an aggravating person to me . stop talking to us intj's like you understand and know absolutely everything about us . unless you are meyers briggs himself , you have no room to ... okay well reading your post was a waste of my time . hunny , obviously you are speaking from an estj stand point . but right now , we are talking about an intj . so you need to get your facts straight and ... actually , religion is also unusual for an intj , not just social interaction . it just isn't logical ... but i'm not here to judge . so i would try and help you out but i'm afraid i have never been to ... i love meeting fellow intj's ... not to brag , but were kind of a big deal ;) and welcome to the forum ! i don't really have a favorite quotes , but i like all the ones posted so far ! i need it . absolutely need it . i get extremely bitchy when i don't get it , i can only handle so much time around others . we are just some sexy mofos . well i don't ever stay angry long , i feel as if it is waste of my time to feel emotion over a meaningless person . but i could easily be capable of murder . i would never do it though . ever . but , i can ... honestly i don't think anyone could throw me off my game . i don't go into a debate if i don't know i'm right . i only debate with people when i know that i'm right and they are wrong . i will always ... haha this thread is perfect :) i have several life plans . plan a , b , and c . plan a . ( i won't go into full detail because i would write a novel . ) move to hawaii and go to college , find a good ... okay i have been in a situation similar to yours . very similar . i went to a middle school where i had ' friends ' but i hated them . like i didn't wan to have a conversation with them , ever . but i still ... my hobbies are : - surfing - snowboarding - drawing - painting - reading - researching then becoming a master over the topic - sleeping - eating - and surfing the web actually yeah , the ' hug ' in your title did kind of scare me a little bit . but thank you for the appreciation . just please , do not touch me . :) umm i am an artist intj and i don't think i'm any different than the ' scientific intj ' . i mean i am a litttle messy but not to the point where i'm no longer an intj . i like to draw and stuff , and i ... nahh , it isn't bothersome at all . we are just kind of hard to approach . our calm expression is usuallys anothers angry or pissed facial expression . and we are confident , which a lot of people kind of ... we are just cool . people can smell the coolness on us . '