i feel like the e makes me more likely to be t . if anything , it's my ne that softens my ti . i don't think i could handle being with a male infj . i'm so callous and they're so ... sensitive . i just need a nice intj boy to help me plan world domination . i have a soft spot for enfps and enfjs . currently , my softest spot is for an isfj . people just walk all over them ... i would ' cheat ' just to see if i could get away with it . when you can hold your crying friend without feeling awkward . i'm definitely an extrovert , but i'm an only child , so i'm used to spending hours and hours alone . i just find something for myself to do that offers me as much opportunity to engage myself as ... i tell stories quite frequently and based by my audience's reaction , s quite well . my entp friend , however , is horrible at telling stories . like , absolutely horrible . he starts laughing and ... i used to be friendless , but then i realized i didn't have to pretend to be some sort of creepy entp / esfj hybrid . in college , i know a lot of people on a surface level , but i would only consider a ... blackberry , but i used to have an iphone . i like having a phone that doesn't die from surfing the web for ten minutes . i'm almost always bored . i'm only completely entertained if i'm doing something that i can't add away from . i don't really know . i can't really describe what people look like , but i recognize people i've seen before , even if it was only once or twice . i remember names better if i see them written down , but ... find an infj to do it for you . one of my good infj friends loves to organize , so i let her . dear god , i hope not . i always get istj on these quizzes , which isn't a bad thing , because they're quite abundant . i'm not really sure if that's what i need , though . i understand s-types very well , but i'd need this istj ... people don't call me cute . they call me scary . i really like to dress up , but my personality itself is very masculine . like , exceedingly masculine . like , very dominating and i've got no problems taking control of a room . i'm a very , very hardcore ... well , revenge as in , if someone does me wrong , i've got no problems removing them from my life . friendship annihilated . people come to me with their problems frequently , but don't dwell on them because they know that once i give them a solution , i'm done . i'm not about to get emotionally invested , and i'll tell them ... i have an esfj mom , and i'm frequently annoyed by her insanity . at least i got some fe for my troubles . i don't have the patience to take that test now , but i know i couldn't be a ravenclaw . i'm smart , but i'm so much more of a doer than a learner . i need to be in the action . i'm crafty and cunning ... i want people to see me as someone they can come to with their problems . someone who gives great advice because they aren't guided by their emotions someone who's intelligent someone worth ... i've got the amazing ability to look put together even when things are falling apart . i think it's because my mind is a jumble of ideas and i don't like to dwell on things i can't change / am too lazy ... i'm very even-tempered . like , scarily so . i don't get easily frustrated , which makes it hard for me to identify with my f-type friends . hell , it makes it hard for me to identify with my more ... i guess this gives me a more ' type b ' personality . i don't get stress over little things , and i find little motivation to do things i just don't care about . still , i'm very motivated to do things i'm ... cigarettes are gross . only hookah . i can't say that genetics has a lot to do with personality type . i'd say we take after one parent until we realize that we are independent people . i really took after my mom ( which helped me develop ... i consider myself an alpha male . ( this will sound arrogant . ) people follow me around , and they always assume i know what i'm doing . i've got a dominant personality , but i rarely go out of my way ... i feel an automatic love connection with nfs . i can pick one out quicker than i can find any other type . all of my best friends have been nfs , and nfs and nts just get me . i don't have to explain my ... one of my closest friends is an istj , and i don't know if i could handle it . you can't just expect him to connect the dots . i have to draw the dots , hold his hands and help him connect them . i'm ... i've ben faking emotions since i was little . my over-emotional mom thought there was something wrong with me because i don't run around trying to take care of everyone , ( because she's a hardcore ... be completely inflexible be a stereotypical s-type and shun everything you deem ' impractical . ' don't pay attention to me when i speak ( seems to be a common thing in this thread . ) don't understand ... been called both . oddly enough , i don't consider myself blunt . tactless , yes . i try not to sugar coat things because everyone else will do that for me . i had three imaginary friends , but i conjured them up because i'm an only child and didn't have a lot of friends in my neighborhood . i'm just naturally loud . people hear me coming down the hall , around corners ... across the quad . a long-ass time ago . i blame my esfj mom for this . she bred it into me , and for that i thank her . as previously mentioned my fe , can make me seem rather enfp-ish at times . i'm great at analyzing ... i'm a musician , and with that comes a boatload of gays . i have a lot of friends who are gay , but i don't seek them out . i'm not a girl who's friends with someone just because they're gay . i'm not a ... when i get stressed , i turn into an unhealthy isfj . i want to be left alone to the extreme , and my ne goes down to zero and i find myself trying to use si to function , which always fails . i have the ... i've got an isfj friend and we get along swimmingly . he always laughs at my hare-brained schemes , and he gives great advice . i've got a few isfj tendencies . i do feel the need to care for people ... i'm not bad at math , ( though my grades would disagree . ) i just think it's all really unnecessary . so i don't care . i play piano and am a classically trained singer attending college for voice . i definitely go ' intj ' when i need to get things done or when i'm somewhere i don't want to be . i don't talk . i'm incredibly introspective . for instance , people at my job would probably be surprised ... i don't share my information with just anyone . i'll take anyone's information , but i rarely share mine . i've been a musician for as long as i can remember , and that's what i'm in college for . scuei primary type is calm . do you wear a lot of makeup ? sometimes . most of the time , i just wear mascara , and eyeliner if anything at all . do you spend a lot of time on your hair in the morning ? nope . i put it into a ... esfjs really grate on my nerves because everything needs to be tied to either emotions or rules with them . i don't need esfjs asking why i'm not sad about something . get over it . also , they take ... hard , hard left libertarian . but i call myself a democrat . only by my mother . and i'm not . other people's opinions are just too stupid waste time listening to . until they realize that , all i can do is put on a happy face and listen . truth . i'm an extrovert , but people in public need to understand that i don't want to talk to them . i know things , but i don't necessarily want to share . i have an isfj friend whom i love dearly . i'd say offer your advice in a way that doesn't sound like you're mothering us . we know what we're doing is wrong . we just don't care . eta what actually ...