' 604378 winning and losing is a condition dedication is a sympton . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM-gZintWDc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg_9FQk6UnA and all of these : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYKsbld6LII https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHM0MyCNyao https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-Oi43EsQNU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hw7EX3Nned8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKbpLDdw4KU no , it's how i met my wife . i like to look nice once in awhile depending on the circumstances , other than that i'm either naked or in pj's . now for work , i wear whatever i can find , i don't need to impress anyone there i work ... i often have people who say they are a little intimidated by me . some of that i think is because of my size , but i'm also typically quiet and don't respond much so i have that maybe he's upset vibe ... how do you mean in reference to my post ? wow , i remember when this thread first started . :P it is , it's like you just want to know you're seen beyond simply being another human being and human interaction . i wonder about this as well for me from this site or in the past meeting people regularly if any of them felt something you know ? absence of fear . 308601 gauge your life with a happiness meter . the yearning for tomorrow's success is built with the foundation of today's passion . i always got put too high on a pedestal that a potential love interest would feel like they would taint me somehow if they dated me , or like they weren't worthy , idk maybe they truly knew themselves ... disparage yourself no longer , for your path is a special one in this world . look at yourself and ask who you see , not what you see . wisdom is the adventure of striving for it . you can't journey down a road you're not on . here's an idea , you take a test and get registered as an infj , they give you a card that gets you discounts at places known for socializing , like bars , amusement parks , sporting events , etc ...  ... love is the spirituality of life . chicken can't count themselves before they hatch . chickens can't count themselves before they hatch . i don't know , few have been attracted to me . some of it i believe is my exterior presence . i would stare back at you until you stopped and started worrying about what i might do . i can't microwave something at the time suggested on the box . i also won't set the time to end with a 0 or 5 . so if it suggests a minute , i'll microwave it for 59 seconds or 1:01 . http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/185793-nearby-infj-map.html wow , 584 pages . we have more pages than the enfp and entp picture threads combined . haha http://i288.photobucket.com/albums/ll169/postalsid/key.jpg surf the wave of life on the board of happiness . did the wall just become a window ? : ninja : so for all the people worried about being tracked . honestly you are more unsafe using facebook . just saying . also you don't need to use your true exact location , you can pick a nearby major city .  ... i didn't say master plan did i ? doesn't mean it's not a better plan , a huge ideal or a aspect of moving forward . growth . otherwise we would simply still be living in caves if we were drones . if two mirrors were on opposite walls and they both spoke to each other , which mirror would have to answer the question mirror mirror on the wall who is the fairest of them all ? and which mirror ... could you imagine being in a mirror maze but without any source of light except a laser pointer ? that's like comparing who loves who more in the world . i personally find it harder to cope / fit in because of gender stereotyping . i have a non-traditional male outlook on things and may seem out of place a lot . i say it's because i possess a lot of ... i love everyone's responses , very unique outlook each of you have . which was the purpose of this whole thing . :) sex video games puzzles anything that stimulates my mind . this is why it's a who are you ? type thing . it's a scale of vision and ability to see . if you believe binary , ( alive or dead ) that's fine . we all have a lifeforce , we are not drones walking around in bodies . we are life itself , or we are simply living . you can live through the event or stop and be in the moment . a clock only stamps ... it's one of those , who are you ? type things . are you the shell or are you the vessel ? are you the moment or are you the event ? are you captured or are you escaping ? are you life or are you living ? yeah , pretty much this . :P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFnFr-DOPf8 this pretty much sums up human cycles through civilizations at their lowest points . denial is the bitter truth to the person who can't look at themselves in the mirror , or hears nothing they speak . why retaliate when you can relate ? i don't know is a phrase we fear the most , as well as overuse . '