' while i don't particularly like lying , i am particularly good at being believable when i do lie . maybe it's an infj thing to be able to lie convincingly ? i started reading at around age 4 and haven't stopped since ! lol . i was that kid in jr . high / high school who never had her nose out of a book . now that i'm older , i still collect books like they're ... i haven't recently taken this test , but i have in the past . quality time and physical touch are always the first two for me ( in either order ) , followed by words of affirmation and acts of service ( in ... lol . yes i actually do this quite a bit , though only when i'm by myself . i tend to be answering someone's questions about a topic i've been pondering lately ( the person asking the questions is just ... it was my understanding that fe had more to do with us picking up the emotions in a room - absorbing energies , etc - and less to do with showing our inner emotions on the outside ( in fact that sounds ... i haven't liked many of the jobs i've had post-college ( mostly data-entry and receptionist ) because i couldn't stand constantly talking to people / dealing with the public . i worked in a library ... you're not as strange as you feel ( or maybe you are , but it's okay because there are others out there just like you ) . don't worry about doing the normal thing ( college , etc ) . really take an ... i honestly don't know why someone would voluntarily smoke something that makes them stupid , but maybe that's just me . as far as legalizing goes though , i couldn't care less one way or the other . i ... mine is an isfj and we've rarely ( if ever ) had any arguments . she and i definitely have different ways of thinking / feeling / interacting with the world , but we seem to appreciate each other's ... hi can i please change my name to i love the rain - thanks :) if i didn't know better , i'd say you were describing my sister ( also an estj ) . she has done this to me several times and i am glad to know i wasn't imagining things . not that i'm saying i'm glad that ... one i get a lot is something along the lines of , but won't you be lonely living alone ? when i tell people that i'd want to move somewhere on my own , with no roommate . i want to say , um no ? ? i love ... i'm a firstborn ( two younger sisters ) . my middle sister and i always joke that she's really the oldest since she's more stereotypically first-born : type-a , analytical , organized , etc , and i'm more ... lol - this made me laugh . i can totally see myself doing this accidentally . i have found some people get freaked out though with our insight like that so i'm not sure i would actually want to do that ... i actually love bad weather , but maybe growing up in oregon where it rains all the time has contributed to that . for me it's such a blessed relief from the extremes of blazing summer sun or ... yes i have had this happen . it is rare , but when it does it's usually because something has pushed me so far that i can't stand it anymore . generally speaking , said behavior has been happening for a ... i do this especially with emotions , but i have noticed that i can do this with accents , mannerisms , etc . i sometimes have to laugh at myself because i tend to pick up traits from old roommates , ... fascinating ! i've always had what i like to call a photographic spelling memory . like i can usually see words in my head spelled correctly so i just have to check there to make sure things are ... yes i absolutely do this . it's my inner dialogue usually , telling me , why are you posting on this forum instead of doing your homework ? lol . even though clearly i am tired and needing downtime and ... interesting . i definitely also struggle with this . i'm just now realizing i'm an infj , and i have mentioned this trait over at the infp forum ( which i used to think i was ) and they didn't necessarily ... this sounds like a very infj tendency , from what i understand - the utter focus and concentration on one idea / field of study for long periods of time ( even years ) . i'm just beginning to understand ... i definitely do this a lot . ( right now , for example , i'm drinking coffee and posting on forums instead of getting down to the studio to work on some projects that i should be working on ) . i think i ... yes i have definitely had this happen to me on a number of occasions . though i rarely showcase how i'm feeling generally speaking , especially when something negative is directed at me ( and most ... i think it depends on what you consider a debate / discussion . if the goal is that someone is right and the other is wrong , then i really have no interest in something like that , no matter what you ... my advice is to study everything that excites you . while you're in university , it's a great time to take a class on everything that remotely interests you - eventually one of these fields will stand ... when i was younger , i really liked to prank and be pranked , but now i just tend to find it distasteful since it generally makes a person look foolish or feel violated in some way . similarly , i have a ... i think you're on to something . i don't know a lot about functions , etc , but i do know that when i've been in jobs that constantly tell me not to act on the big-picture vision that i see , for ... i need sooo much downtime that it often makes me feel guilty about it - like i'm being lazy all the time - and yet i never quite feel like i've had enough downtime . i just get in these moods quite ... you might be surprised . i started going to school for graphic design when in my 30 ' s , after not having an art class since 7th grade , and turns out i'm surprisingly good at it . creativity is a muscle ... infps tend to be extremely introverted in our thinking-style , constantly analyzing ourselves , our motives , etc . it seems to me that this tendency may be what they're picking up on and defining as ... i don't know . most things i've read about infp are pretty right on . oh maybe one thing ... i read a lot about how we are so interested in people . which ... i guess technically is true from an ... that's funny . i've never heard this . maybe it has to do with how rare our type is , statistically-speaking . people must read about our type , not be able to put a face to it because they've never met ... just wanted to say i completely agree w / you . i typically find that my own problems at jobs tend to be stemming from these same places . i'll typically love my job to start with ... love learning the ... lol - yeah i'd have to agree with you there . my sister is an istj and we tend to get along great as long as we're both listening to each other . where we tend to butt heads though is when she gets in ... i just discovered this youtube channel and am working my way through the infp videos . i found this interview to be pretty right on and i really appreciate knowing that there are other infps out there ... i've trained a few people . if you can release your need to control the situation , it's actually kind of fun . first of all , i would caution you to try to remain very open about this person and take ... i usually can't tell until someone responds to a situation exactly like i would . then that makes me wonder . and if i know them well enough i'll usually just ask them at that point . usually the ... basically you need to make time . alone time is as necessary for infps as breathing , and going long stretches without it will just make you feel homicidal . when i worked a more 9-5 job , i used to ... i've switched majors many times . you hit the nail on the head when you wondered if it was a nagging feeling that was telling you it's time to move on . that intuition is the infp's greatest asset ... doing what you love is really important for an infp . on the other hand , sticking it out at a job you can't stand is a recipe for being miserable . do yourself and your family a favor and find ... run ! ! this situation has so many red flags in it . just stay away , don't work there , don't squeal on your sibling to your parent . just stay out of it , basically . as for why he / she wanted you to ... my advice ... go with your gut ! you never know what might happen , but your instincts are telling you this would be interesting to study , so i think you should go for it ! also ... if this really is ... oh my goodness , this is practically a roadmap for my life . lol . i have a degree in bible / theology . then i started a masters in counseling . then i quit that and tried to start a photography business ... lol . that's actually pretty true . i've deleted my account twice now for similar reasons , but always end up back on there because my friends / family can't figure out why i keep disappearing . ( hmm ... you're not alone . this is a very infp trait . we are definitely interested in people , but not necessarily in small talk . for example , one-one-one or even in small groups , conversation can be quite ... considering you are infp , i would think you should know the answer to your question already but ... basically remember that infp's like deep conversation , genuineness , etc . getting drunk and ... i'm not the best person to give advice on relationships , but it seems to me that if you're having to think that hard about it , that it probably isn't the right relationship for you to be in ... for me , i ended up not being able to keep going at the menial job . it was making me literally physically ill with stress because i hated it so much . so ... for me , the answer to this question meant ... i really want to , but i can barely find time to get through my schoolwork these days . i know they say being busier is actually better for your novel because it forces you to get to the meat of what ... one thing that helps me from doing self-destructive things is to think about it when you're not in one of those moods and try to figure out what it is that's triggering these feelings . then if you ... '