' not really , they were clear i worry that he is scared of me ! oh dear . i make my awkward flag fly . i asked via messaging and he said he would let me know as he might have plans and then he didn't and wanted me to bring it up later when we met again . i am not the kind of woman who puts up with ... that is what asking how are you ? over and over means they like you ? i like a guy who i am having a very hard time typing because we are so similar . i am definitely intj and we have some fundamental differences in characteristics . at first i thought he was infp or ... he didn't turn me down i think this infj guy likes me . he's giving mixed signals though . he never calls me and hardly texts or replies to my texts , but in person he's asking me to hang out , asking about my life , flirting , ... i tried not to . i just walked to the other side of the room cause i am so damn standoffish . to fix it , i went and sat with him later . but his awkwardness now makes me awkward . i am starting to wonder if i did discourage him . i mean , being cold and reserved are my trademarks . it is entirely possible that it is me , not him . not even making excuses for him , but i also know ... accidentally maybe , he is too innocent to deliberately do it . immature , but not mean . i haven't asked in person . he was wishy-washy over text when i asked and gave me the excuse later that he has been busy with school work . it is true , but still ! i don't want to be only available for ... reviving saw him again , this time i was very professional and nice . what does i like your dress mean ? he says that a lot . he likes my handwriting . etc etc . all these compliments from a guy who ... i am an intj woman who dresses up . i veer toward femme fatale looks that are tough , but not cheap looking . it is a fine balance of classy and intimidating . if you see a woman who is always looking ... hopefully , this is the case and not that he is into someone else too . compared to me , he is very warm . i am more arctic breeze - which is why it is baffling that a touchy-feely type is even drawn to me . you can't hug an ice berg , but he did ! that's what boggled my mind ... well , this explains a lot . maybe he is the same way . he is so into me , hangs on to my every word , asking questions just to make me hang about , and then i send him a text asking if he wants to spend ... i think he wants me to be the persuer . he just keeps dropping hints and hopes i pick them up . too bad he doesn't know i am bad at subtleties like that . i wish he was as happy about being pursued by ... this seems closest to our situation . i get the feeling that i have to handle him with kid gloves because he seems so fragile and kind-hearted . i like that about him . just don't understand why he is ... emotionally oblivious intj woman here . this infp man came to my work place for a short time and has created havoc in my life . my workplace has not dating rules and he is temporary too . i put myself ... he is most likely in istj . very hard for me to show interest . i am an intj woman . this old classmate recently got in touch . he was a handsome introvert who had an arrogant streak and did not interact with us much . however he and i were quite chatty and a friend noticed that , i ... it varies between two extremes for most intj women , i think .. 1 . avoid his / her company company and be mean / rude / critical / caustic / acerbic to confuse said crush . leads them to think you hate them , ... hello again , can we please have some female intj representation please ? kill them with kindness , but be yourself . that has worked great for me . sure , we are imposing . that's why we need secure people to hold their own with us . i am an intj woman , statistical anomaly and freak of nature with little understanding of social subtleties . i recently reconnected with a friend from long past and i think he was an esfj / p . i am not ... intj soft spot = cats . that's the only thing ( ! ) i have a soft spot for . jokes apart . we do have thin skin , especially when it comes to our intelligence . i personally would find out all i can ... humbug ! i have no problems with taking in the holidays on my own . but when i dragged to parties where i don't know people ( tomorrow ! ) , i don't enjoy it . intelligent , confident and worldly ( without narrow prejudices about people based on their race , culture , gender , etc ) . someone who can passionately talk everything from classical philosophy to ... i can't speak for all intj women and frankly , not even sure that she is an intj ( not enough info ) . but i will tell you my idea of dating . it is stupid ! i don't believe in it or it associated ... get this i always get this from everyone , their mother and my mother : are you angry ? me : no . you look angry.you should smile . me : i don't think so . not for your benefit . what can ... story of my life ! until i was about 13 , girls would try to throw me out of the girl's bathroom with , excuse me , this is a girl's bathroom ! ! ! when i was 14 and volunteering somewhere in my ... that was the plan when i stepped out of it a little while back . no luck so far . it has become daunting defending myself against inquiries about what am i doing with me life ? i have heard the following about me either to my face or behind my back ( the worst ones ) . blunt / outspoken proud / uptight / arrogant grammar-nazi = some middle aged men misunderstood a lot funny you should ask that since i was pondering about the same question . the answer really is no . there is a disconnect but i don't mind the alone-time . it can get lonely if you let it i guess , but ... i socialized myself to those things like fashion and shopping to change people's perception of me . but it did not stop people from saying that i am anti-social or aloof . i still get that . sometimes ... i have ambition , almost too much ambition . the worry and pessimism stops me . my problem is that i expect people to value merit when evaluating me . in my experience , the jobs i have had valued ... i am not talking for all intjs , but over time here , i have seen that there is a trend for us to be quite melancholy . sometimes depression , perfectionism , family expectations , failure , resistance , or ... you are such a softie you are always wearing hot pink you are such a sweet , non threatening girl . just adorable ! you are so approachable , not aloof at all ! the boys like you so much because you ... no , didn't see daria . can you show me a clip ? when i was growing up , little girls were supposed to be meek , obedient , social , etc . to this day , most societies socialize boys v . girls differently . i was the opposite of all the nice things little ... sure , i still believe it . i can only write from my experience which comes from academia and the workplace . fools are people who ... - mistreat newcomers via bullying , mock friendships , gossiping ( e . g . new employees , ... it is a vague question , i know . but if anyone has answers , intjs do . we make our own understanding as precise as possible . so , i would really like to know what you think good leadership is . what is ... agree with that . we practically invented the bitch resting face . been struggling with this one lately . hope and intj cynicism is a difficult combination . i think our understanding of hope is a little less rosy than some . at the same time , we tend to think our ... for the animal loving type , there's vegan leather . i personally think - leather . it expresses ( ! ) the intj mind . not motorcycle babe leather , which is ok . but more like this ... 87621 clearly , this is my season ! '