' i do all of these too . i can also start laughing at the stupidest things in the most hysterical and uncontrollable way . also , please , do not meet me when i'm having a hangover and with friends ... i love anti-heroes . i don't know why but i just do , they seem incredibly exciting to me . i also love pigtails , gothic girls , secretary-look and short-haired girls who still manage to be girly . i must ... i don't really hate it , but i do hate the shopping sprees and the incredible hurry people seem to have just to please others . and the magic has totally worn off for me . as a kid i loved christmas , it ... red and black . also blue . 1 . sagittarius 2 . self-diagnosed craziness i have a pretty eccentric taste of music . it can range from metal to old school hiphop , depending on my mood . i dislike depressing music a lot too . it just annoys me beyond belief for some ... just be . also , don't forget to enjoy . i have no idea , women just come to me naturally everytime . even my friends say that i'm the guy who you should talk to when seeking tips on hitting on women , to guarantee the success , when i have ... i like k-pop too . don't know why anyone would find them weird , they're just regular popsongs , but in korean . also , i like lady gagas songs .  ... nah , i'm not gay . but not straight either . bi . so does that mean i raise my hand only half-way up ? i've been called crazy many times . but always in a good sense . and i've become fond of my crazyness , in a way . it's crazy , i know . very much this . i used to be a big metal-elitist , but then i realized that there's no point in arguing about music , just enjoy it for what it is and try to find the best tasting , or rather , ... harmless fun , if the person using them is using them correctly . annoying if a person uses them to replace every word they can . this . also , alcohol . ' nuff said . yep , i hate talking into the phone too . people just have so much uninteresting stuff to tell all the time and i hate the fact that noone ever seems to think what i feel about the conversation . they ... my whole life . 23 years old , and not a single deep relationship . i've had those let's be together for 2 weeks before breaking up-relationships but those don't really count in my opinion after ... good thing someone caught it :D . avoid , because as handsome as you are hammerhand , i'm not into guys . but , i could be your wingman regarding cricket . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi7gwX7rjOw and we could always do the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmHdefsaL6I because it makes me feel good and i really have the mood for a party . this . also , everytime i've met a girl that seems to be as interested in me as i am in her , they just seem to stop caring at some point without any warning , even when i try my best . leaving me ... the girls i've met in my life have usually rated me 8 or 9 . one girl even said that i'm easily the best looking in my group , and my friend said that all i have to do to get girls is to just look them ... finland , where people ride on polar bears . are you tired ? is something wrong ? are you on drugs ? what the hell ? he's / she's kinda cute you're weird i love drinking and partying , but only with friends . if i'm alone without anyone trustworthy around , i'll be very uncomfortable and will most likely stay ( at a party ) out of respect , but i will be ... mom - infj dad - entj sister - enfp sister - entj , i think friends : - infj - infj - intp holy crap , i thought i was the only one . yes , i get these very often , just before i fall asleep . my hallucinations are harmless too , and usually they relate to what i've done that day . at first i ... yep , definetly yuna from ff-x and fang from ff - 13 are the freshest . there are many others but i've forgotten most of them by now because it really only happened in my childhood . but it still ... - heights - bees ( yeah , imagine a 23 year-old guy running away from bees . and i don't even have any allergies . ) - being humiliated - being hurt , emotionally - becoming deaf , wouldn't know what to do ... yes , i know what you are talking about . my father is extremely narcisstic , but not really in a bad way . his problem is that he doesn't really listen to anyone most of the time , except himself .  ... build-fat , a real bear-mode . which is actually kinda funny because people usually think that im very strong , which im really not . i just happened to born this way . adventure , definetly . a good second would be the ideal soulmate , if it's even possible . i very rarely open up to my friends or parents . and even when i do , i do it kinda comically , to avoid the awkwardiness that usually comes with opening up . in here , i can just tell things as they ... i do not really yearn for it , but i would definetly love it if i met someone that would change my life . and yeah , i maybe put too much importance into a relationship too that it kinda holds me ... nah , i don't mind it . i loathe pointless smalltalk too , so silence feel a lot more comfortable to me . unless i get the strange vibe of being strange for not talking , haha . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTc03M4lPXU i believe it may come from the fact that i have trust issues with people . i'm not saying i hate people , i just need a lot of time to see if they're worth it , to me . because when i was younger i was ... http://img135.imageshack.us/img135/2064/desktopbo.jpg here's mine . usually i change my background from time to time but his has stuck on me , it just feels so right . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-ZlRl1_4Ws i don't know if this is the most awesome thing i've heard or the weirdest . but it definetly made me smile . i don't know how i look , i have no fashion-sense what-so-ever , not that i would actually even care about it . i believe i have the heavy metal-fan look , but i may switch up my styles couple times a ... at first i was leaning towards yes , but after thinking about the possibilities and events i might lose in that month , i have to politely refuse . firstly , you would have to live in a doubt all the ... sagittarius . i get called extremely dorky and cute all the time . these , but with carne asada fries changed to salmon . well , i got 7 , again , after doing this test for the second time now . feels friggin weird , doesn't it ? it feels like being the king of the world , but at the same time you doubt if you deserve it , ... healthy , but not necessarily that balanced ... and by that i mean that my moods can swing alot . but having an otherwise healthy mind helps me through it . 1 . yes . 2 . yes . 3 . above . 4 . yes paranoid : low schizoid : low schizotypal : moderate antisocial : moderate borderline : low histrionic : high ( lol , like i eve-look at me ! ) narcissistic : moderate avoidant : low ... i just absolutely love stoner rock among other music . especially this song , it just takes me away from here to somewhere special everytime i hear it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aym--85tAk8 coins , zombie movies . my style is pretty much the same . but i do require the continuous flow of positive energy from my friends too . because if one of them seems down , i get the need to make them happy again . and if i ... '