' no emotional guilt here over anything at all . i let things go really easy , for my own sake . but there is a whispering impersonal question , in the depths explaining : i should feel bad for never ... - why are you here ? ... then it begins . the world won't change . change yourself . call out the bs-ters . there could be more honesty among humanity . at least in my daily life . with more honesty comes less bs . less bs , less lies . less ... one problem always have multiple solutions . my mind is working out the most valuable solution most often due to the nature of daily grind at work . it's fully dependent on what kind of problem you ... - why would anyone want that ? - tip : you have the ( for me ) useless / damaging forum function to ' ignore ' selected posters . sex is momentarily . it's now . it's drool , sweat and other fluids . for so long my partner is having fun with me ' fooling around ' , trying & exploring i am going to enjoy myself greatly . mistakes will ... a truck driver . a beautiful specimen . the person even helped me carry the 4m long white-boards up the stairs . dreamy . languages in my playlist : english , swedish , german , french , finnish . majority in the playlist is instrumental . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOnSh3QlpbQ german + metal + sarcasm = epic . it only became a fascist hellhole ... like that's better . i relate a lot . if there's no stimuli from inside / outside i have no ' inner world ' . i'm not bothered by it at all . i see it like some next-level mindfulness , the ability to shut down the ' thinking ' ... a good plan makes it all easier . that said . a complete renovation takes more time than expected and needs all the time . being well-aware of the planning , effort and time it might be easier to ... aaah , the beauty of living a lonely life . in 1½ years i did a lot of renovating , step by step . - mind . - body . - clothing . - appearance . - computer . - living room . - bed room . - ... it doesn't feel hypocritical due to the lack of religious symbolism in the major holidays ( christmas , easter , midsummer , halloween ( which is way different from the us version ) ) . the days are in the ... i rather spend my time figuring out what is needed for real world events . on-going military exercises : northern coasts 2017 . ( nato , 5k manpower , air force + navy ) aurora 17 . ( sweden , 20k manpower , army + air force + navy ) soon : zapad 2017 . ( russia , 100k manpower , army + air ... https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ff/42/8a/ff428a2282cb2f60dfcf5177b5919e2c.jpg https://socioecohistory.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/fedres_banksters_looting_cartoon_amateurs.jpg good experience . i relate . i don't need or want friendship . i only want to get along with everyone . -> it leads to an independent life with very few friends ( 1 ) , some enemies and a crapton of acquaintances . 1 = i have 1 ... https://i.pinimg.com/736x/03/76/0d/03760dbdba04afe4c27a0c277ecedfd5--marian-kamensky-political-cartoons.jpg certainly not related to mbti . more related to mental insecurities , anxiety , traumas or other disorders . i do not relate at all . if you do not like touchy people -> tell them you are ... i can relate to not saying thank you when receiving help i didn't want . there's a big difference between being told a problem and being asked to deal with / solve a problem . it's impossible to ... everything is so half-arsed , not done , unfinished ... in a very random manner . fascinating culture . you can bike on the fine piece of bicycle road , then it ends . no signs or directions , no ... if you like helpful people when dealing with a society , i got a tip for you . avoid mediterranean spain . :P i noted the ' mañana'-culture essentially means : - i have a service job and people rely ... istp huggin ' a big spruce . 710394 istp standing under a natural standing rock for size comparison . 710402 he always wants to bang something hotter or something else . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxct1B0IIUQ i look for people that obviously likes me and their ' reward ' is that i automatically likes them back . why spend time looking for something else ? depends on the kids moods really . calm , polite and curious i can deal with . as if i'm not making any inherent distinction between kids and adults . be calm and polite , then i can properly deal with ... doesn't count . the world is an endless mess of grey shades . very true . istp . what is netflix ? i don't have netflix and have zero urge to register . i browse youtube for awesome docu's and channels . i never let it go that far emotionally . one does not simply ignore me . : cool : if i love the job i unintentionally sacrifice the rest of my life for the job ( and some cash ) . the job / career has to be ' good enough ' for my own sake . there is a sweet spot : do as little as i can , ... ( 2 sandwiches + 1 glass water + 2 cups coffee ) / workday = head-ache start , 1st impression we're from different countries and i am constantly dying to visit every place not talked about around me . we wrote a few months . i went where this intj-woman temporarily lived ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKP7jQknGjs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1NagZN2kjY i'm wet now . yeap , indeed . uhu , true ... just drop it becuase i know ' how to ' now ( from my pov , from others pov i look autistic ) mhm , lazy = efficient . haha , i agree . =) pro boxing is ridiculous now days . no sportsmanship is making it thru all the money , money and posing . mayweather nope . found the infallible system aaand then boredom . hah , my issue is the complete opposite . damn fuck this ... grew up in the modern era with exposure to clean language all my life ! travel 100 km in any direction and everyone has problems ... uuurgh , horrible backpain is horrible problem solved , 1st september . then i get stoopid again . : crazy : how do you get close to each other ? afaik fucking is as close as you can literally get . that's the only answer i have . because i fail to see the invisible everyone is talking about . the emperor is ... i solve so many problems each day , i guess i'm numb . nope . leave him on his own . that way he'll have to make a decision eventually . don't base your whole life around this , just continue living . if he doesn't show up : no problem if you continued living . if he ... 30 min lunchbreak tucked in the dark , cold furniture storage might be more important to me than actually sitting down to eat for 1 hour . i got something else to ponder while cooling off in the ... have not felt it this year , so far . yes , the average estp is more timid than the average esfp . for most outgoing / outspoken / social / vocal type i vote esfp . my first job in the white market : 12 year old , paperboy , put advertisement in peoples mailboxes . slave-wage -> cheated ( threw lots of it in a dumpster ) -> quit , within a few months ... my worry was ... '