' i don't know , i can't help you . i feel the same way . if you wanted an affordable , one-of-a-kind ring , you could have one 3d - printed out of silver or gold or titanium : custom wedding rings & bands gallery - designanything 3d the ultimate square peg , that was perfect . yep , this . the only real power to change anything lies with your husband . without his buy-in , anything that you try to change will be ineffective . if he's not willing to step up ( and it's really ... this was brilliant . i tested as an istj when i was a teenager . i think it was because i was developing my weaker functions and i wanted to please my mom ( estj ) . from me ? hope so , cause here goes ... my aspie daughter slept with me most nights until middle school due to anxieties . also , i used to sit in the bathroom while she showered to keep her company ... my daughter * proud * 68988 at the request of ningsta kitty , i finally have some time to post some struggles / joys of my aspie daughter . she once told me that she felt like our guinea pig or some other small prey animal : ... i'm 41 . i have learned : i'm not all that i don't know everything i appreciate the strengths in others i respect the wisdom of my elders hey ! i live in the american south . ahem . do not tell your parents . it is not your place , it it your brother's . your responsibility is to love him and be there for him , even when you disagree with his choices . lad , the ring in the first picture is absolutely beautiful . i think infjs , generally , like things that are classic but unique . i wonder if : he's interested in you , knows he's going away , and wants to lock it down before he leaves . your words indicate that you're not at all sure that you want to commit . an ldr is a lot of ... yes , i was my mom's confidant while growing up . still am . mostly she complained about my father , but it never really shaded my view of him ; my intuition told me that he was a good guy . when i became ... please reread my post . i was defining the standards of life , not what you should do . in fact , i advocated your doing the opposite of just one thing . i think it's great that you are analyzing ... my 16 - year-old daughter has asperger's . i was 25 when i gave birth . i know a lot of what you feel . it is an incredible challenge to be the mom of a child on the spectrum . you let go of so many ... quixoticcrush , it sounds likes you just love learning . there is nothing inherently wrong with wanting to learn without having to mold your learning method into the structure that higher education has ... oh , artemiselene , i know exactly what you are going through , i dated an isfp last year . when it was good , it was really , really good ! but there was just no consistency . i was priority # 1 ... sometimes ... no . vathir , i am so sorry about your job . although it's scary , it sounds like you are seeing this as an opportunity , which is good . here is a little bit of my experience , hope it helps . i have been ... freedom is freedom from tyranny , external control , interference , and onerous regulation . when a society is free and takes personal responsibility , when there is rule of law and little government ... just when i think i'm finally old enough that i've got life figured out and i'm done making stupid mistakes that have large consequences , i find out that i made a stupid mistake with large ... i am passionate about human freedom . nothing , in the history of the world , has vanquished poverty and suffering so quickly and effectively as freedom . walker 5881 , that was genius . i can't believe a thread about a spider got this many posts . : happy : i hear ya , girl ! been there myself ... when your car gets stuck on a curb because your ni trounced your se . i leave things all the time . i finally made a habit of looking back to wherever it was i was sitting to see if i've left something . usually someone else sees it first and reminds me , which makes me ... ravi zacharius is great at answering theological questions such as , why does god allow such suffering ? great stuff on youtube . i'm a big fan . she missed the god part . but still a big fan . i've worked from home for years and i love it ! i use remote connection , ooma ( free voip ) , and my boss pays for my broadband . i also have a fax service that drops into my email . i learned several ... do you feel closer to your pet than people ? what kind of pet is your special relationship and why is it special ? an example or two would be great . i would stay away from intps . the conversation is stimulating but in a romantic relationship , your feelings are woefully neglected . give it some time . all hurts heal with enough time . no need to rush . when you feel safe again , you'll know it . i grew up in a christian household where my dad dragged me out of bed , literally , to go to church every sunday . when i left home , i abandoned religion altogether and became a deist . i believed this ... i drive a black gmc envoy . it's classic and graceful but also functional , and the black makes it just a little bit bad-ass . just like me . if it got wrecked , i would buy a hyundai genesis ( really ... i used to hate my type because no one understood me . over the years i have grown to appreciate my strengths ( ni mostly ) , which are rare in the world . i relate to this a lot . there is already good advice on this thread . i would say that my biggest weakness is lack of boundary enforcement , brought on primarily by strong empathy . especially in ... yeah , i think i would be happiest , long-term , with an enfj or another infj . thank you for your replies . married at 20 . divorced at 37 . dear estj mother , i can't live my life perfectly . and i can't stay single forever for you . infj yeah , i had people telling me what to do all the time . yet miraculously , an infj's children always come out well adjusted . also , i am a huge conflict avoider . but when my child's welfare is at ... gosh you are spot on ! i have a 16 - year old daughter who is a beautiful , smart esfp . she has asperger's with high anxiety . when i imagined motherhood , it was nothing like it turned out to be . in general , i cannot touch ... i have a question . it seems like intps are really attracted to us and that their relationships with infjs are very satisfying . are they also satisfying to the infj ? i am only just realizing the danger of too much empathy . sometimes i feel empathy so much that it interferes with my moral structure . i took an empathy test online and scored a 74/80 . ( my aspie ... i was bullied in sixth grade . yes , junior high girls are the worst . i got bullied , then was called into the principal's office and chastised for being too sensitive . a charge that my mother agreed ... lies . can't stand lies . i think people in general should wear t-shirts with their mbti on it as well as their true mental age . '