' so ... if this thread already exists someplace else ( which it does : http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/116902-movies-loved-enfp.html#post2952851 ) , how the heck to i delete this one here ? ? ? ooops ... i guess i didn't look too hard because i just started a movies every enfp should watch thread ... so , this came up in the you know you're an enfp when ... thread . ( : here we go ! it is done :D ) this isn't a list of films with enfps in them , but rather ones that you believe enfps would ... i know that i liked up . :D i choose feeding myself joy over beating myself up . ” - - buddy wakefield [ quote =P ucca ; 2951774 ] i've never seen it . : shocked : quote ] me , neither . guess we should have a movie marathon of all movies enfps should watch . :D that's hilarious . hahaha i used to pretend i had a bunch of dragon friends and a whole bunch of animals ( like platypi and octopi and ocelots , and horses , etc . ) i was always rescuing my dragons from ... wooo ! i'd love to be the tardis ! :D this is from my signature ( actually , just look at all the quotes in my signature ) i am a forest , and a night of dark trees : but he who is not afraid of my darkness , will find banks full of roses ... i'm not quite that bad either ( and counting sheep doesn't work for me because i get distracted and numbers are not my strong point ) . it does take me a long time to fall asleep even when i'm tired . ... rune : that is an awesome photo / e-card . i love it ! it is so true ! :D i'm an enfp ( and a 4w5 ) . i'm conflicted on the subject . : 3 i like to say this is me , but at the same time , i don't want to be put in a box , or have a label or stereotype applied to me . i like ... i like how people can discuss things when they don't agree . this begins to seem like people arguing rather than discussing and some of the comments are a bit mean-spirited and undiplomatic ( no ... because i don't like editing--it's my least favorite part of the writing process , i sort of edited while i went . kind of . and then read through it once to make sure everything made sense and there ... hey there ! :D welcome and enjoy the forums ! ! ! :D so i already posted about my conversation style and merely touched upon editing my writing without going into it . this is going to be the third time / thread i've posted this , but here we go : i love ... yeah , i'd say my conversation / speaking style is meandering as well ! :D hahaha i love writing and took a lot of english classes ( i eventually decided that i wanted to be an english teacher and so i ... i was thinking of being an english teacher for a while and so i have had many writing classes . i think is correct about people's writing styles depending upon the teacher . one of my ... i think i ( an enfp ) tend to just keep going when i'm trying to get a point across that i know i'm not verbalizing well . ( when i'm speaking ... if it's an essay or something , then i edit and ... usually , i stick to one book at a time ( not including what i used to have to read for school ) , but lately i've been reading several books at once . currently , i'm re-reading tolkien's the hobbit . ... dear anonymous ( es ) clearly you did not recieve my last letter . or you did not understand it . i assume this because it has been a week and no one has hired me or even called me back . look , i ... i don't think i was being sarcastic ... sometimes it happens when i didn't intend it though . :) hufflepuff is from harry potter . it's one of the four dormitories houses in the castle . each ... agreeed ! ! ! :d fluffy can be strong , too . : 3 i know what you mean though . we're champions and we inspire people . but why can't we be silly and fun-loving and affectionate as well ? i'm not saying every enfp ... i also found it interesting , but what about if you are on a medication that changes the chemicals / hormones in your brain ? wouldn't that mean that your personality would change as well ( according to ... i realize that being nice and being fair are not mutually exclusive . i would hope that people try to be both ! however , someone posed the question to me where you had to pick one and i was curious ... - - sincerity / being genuine / honesty : don't try to be someone you're not because you think i'll like you better . i'd much rather see / hear the real you . i like differences in people and so i'd want to ... just because you're not the only one , doesn't mean you're not crazy . :P you're just crazy in good company ! :D <3 no problem , darlin . :D i love meeting / welcoming new people ! welcome and have fun posting ! ! :D i am also an enfp . i've never been professionally diagnosed but i've had many people ask me if i have it . * shrug * i think it's because like so many enfps , i go off on tangents when i tell stories or explain something ... is it better to be fair or to be nice ? explain and discuss your answers . :D have fun ! is it better to be fair or to be nice ? explain and discuss your responses . :D have fun ! enfp hufflepuff ! :D and proud of both ! and i think people stereotype too much with this . i think any type can be in any house . there is value in every house ! :D i hate shopping ! unless it's at a bookstore , renaissance faire , or a sci-fi con dealer's room . i get bored and frusterated when i'm shopping for clothes , shoes , or anything else because it's ... okay , i agree with the every-and-none personality type . or borderline on everything ... but i thought it would be fun to type him / her / any-variation-there-upon if he / she exists ( or existed or ... yeah , i'm thinking you're going to have to do some heavy lifting hahaha . on the other hand , the reading might interest you and then it won't seem so heavy . also , we're more than just lables ... oh , wow ! because i was totally guessing ... couldn't tell you exactly why i thought that based on your reading . : 3 i mean , i couldn't cite specific instances ( except for the two that i pointed out ... words : you are amazing / awesome / fascinating . i love how / when you ___ . i love you . you're so interesting . you're inspirational you have such good ideas . you're an excellent writer ... i love the teddy bear metaphor ! great analogy ! i'm stealing it . ;P bienvenue ! :D have fun in the forums and good luck figuring out yourself and your direction / desires ! a friend--or two--in my area ( i recently moved halfway across the country ) . and a fulfilling job . okay ... this is just a guess , but maybe entp ? i don't know enough about the cognitive functions to back it up that way , but here's the reasonign behind my guess : n because you talked about how you ... i'm not very good with functions and picking out which function i'm using at which time . so do you think you could say which things were ne in my responses ? maybe then i can learn to pick up other ... i knit or do some other craft ( as long as the craft is simple and doesn't have a complicated pattern ) . or i'll listen to one while driving or doing chores that are physical only with no need for ... i found this thread : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/99679-whats-my-type-questionnaire.html and decided to give it a go . here are my responses . i'd be interested in hearing ... [ quote = kevinaswell ; 400994 ] when i say green and grape soda and you say huh ? quote ] okay , i'm an n and i didn't get the reference or whatever , but instead of going huh i immediatly was ... that's true ... sort of ! hahah , it goes in cycles for me . spurts of interest . :D dear anonymous ( es ) , you should hire me . i'd be a great asset . it is possible to be fun-loving / lightheatrted and professional . and trust me , i am not over / underqualified . i'm sorry you found my ... my lovelife is nonexistant . recently ( basically since i went on vacation with my parents last week and non of my siblings could make it ) , i began thinking about how nice it would be to have somone ... '