' i don't really feel much sympathy . on an intellectual level ( due to a lack of a better word ) , i can understand the barbaricness of these extremist attacks , and find it annoying that such irrationality ... you know you're an intuitive ( and tall ) when you keep on forgetting you are tall and repetitively bump your head into the overhead of the door entrance . since i , as many others have , have difficulty conveying sympathy / empathy when its absolutely unavoidably necessary i tend to just listen . often simply understanding , or making the other person feel ... perhaps what i said was a slight overstatement . i might get into ' debate ' , if you could call it that , because someone is doing something stupid , as in , stating facts that are wrong or the likes , but ... i have it somewhat similarly , i do not necessarily have a need to prove somebody right just due to the emotional satisfaction i will get . however , when i actually get into a debate , it is not just ... this - and this captures the essence of me , at least . i have a tendency to deny romantic feelings altogether , albeit if i am asked , i would stare , and then frankly answer with a yes or no . the ... possibly , but i would like to hear what specifically intjs , or just people who are on this subforum , thinks of this matter . i hear the underscored argument a lot , but it does not make any ... now , i have not done extensive thinking or research on this , but i am curious as of what this sub-forum thinks about it nowadays . is incest ( consensual incest ) morally wrong ? why ? i myself once ... intj . you did not understand what i stated . my statement was not that all entjs / intjs will become an ' asshole ' when someone is incompetent at a job they were supposed to do , and accepted to do , my ... intj / entj here . these people are incompetent , but they are really nice people , so i'll not say anything to them . i would not save him . an individual who has murdered another person and enjoyed it is a threat to society , and should be punished . as others have said : my primary intention would be saving the drug ... i have very few , if any , close relationships . i approach people surprisingly rationally . often when i talk with someone , i find myself having a purpose for speaking with that person . its nearly ... half life 3 how did you know i have 2 left hands ? anyways , i don't post because i don't see any sufficient reason . don't need to satisfy my narcissism . i think incest should be legal because we're too busy ( admiring ourselves ) to take pictures of ourselves . xnfp . type most likely to commit suicide . welcome to personalitycafe . if you need help or knowledge about mbti , there are a lot of articles and competent people that can help you here . ask around . i am extremely sure that i use ni now . thank you for mentioning that article . and yes , i simply ment people who use it as a dom function or aux function . estp . type most likely to not discover mbti ? i believe that intjs are seen as ' cool ' when referring to the characters that have been generally typed as intj ( house , for example ) . this belief is then carried over to be very general , thereby ... i will tear your limbs apart whereafter i will split them into individual atoms so that you will cease to be deemed as an existant entity that also sounds really uncomfortable . but i'm too ignorant on this subject matter , so what do i know . ' big size queen ' ? the persons dick below * has confirmed the theory of negative matter * ignores infj * unknown , you're so indecisive . how do you experience your ' ni ' ? what are some general characteristics of people who use the cognitive function ' ni ' ? this . people develop themselves a great deal when having social interaction with like minded people . being statistically rare is not a purely positive thing ( special snowflake ) but can leave you ... what are your opinions of entjs ? i am borderline intj , so sometimes i cannot really relate to entjs . this cannot be emphasized enough . the book is brilliant for intjs . i thoroughly studied it , it is brilliant . categories , as in ' areas ' . example : trying to improve oneself in the area of spirituality , or trying to become more empathic ( emotional area ) . there are very few , if any , times i have been offended by something . the last time i remember being anything near offended , was when i was the psychologically disturbed child i was . you can ... completely agree . i developed it a lot over the past months , making be resemble an intj at times . it is a brilliant support for those complex situations that require quick conceptualization . yes , of course . i just didn't want to post the pics at the time . - i use a digital calender ( google calender ) for all major events and reminders . it helps , because i can access it practically anywhere , since electronics are found around every corner . - evernote ... - i use a digital calender ( google calender ) for all major events and reminders . it helps , because i can access it practically anywhere , since electronics are found around every corner . - evernote ... just myself . i was playing around with formatting . accidental post . delete . as a pure color , blue . it aligns with my perception of water , and ever changing , unknowable force , with the ability to adapt to any situation whatsoever . yet when amassed , it destroys more than ... from the top of my head : - ' all that precedes from weakness ' - ignorance is evil . deliberate ignorance has lead to wars , suffering , and completely irrational decisions that unjustly killed ... i'll quote friedrich nietzsche : what does not kill me makes me stronger . do you think that the pain has somehow contributed to your personality type ? i think that due to the nature of entjs , we ... i have a strange relationship with my parents , comparing to my other family members . enfp mother and most likely an estj / estp father . they separated from each other when i was about 4 . had to ... what do you do to improve yourself ? what categories do you specifically try to improve yourself in ? do you learn new skills as a method of improvement , or do you reflect in isolation ? i am ... when people call me names i cannot care less . call me anything - there is absolutely nothing verbal that can demoralize me . - i percieve it as rude when people are unjustly arrogant , such as ... i've been lurking on the forums for some time . thought it would be optimal to come out of the shadows now . good day to all of you entjs . raised indifferently to religion . became an atheist . i find religion to be utterly stupid and pointless . how can some people from , take an example , christianity , believe in text from a 2000 year old ... results oriented , ' end justifies the means ' . a process will never ever be absolutely free of any conflict . it will be hard , and that is why it is most important to focus on the goal . esfp , its a criticizing thread , not a cuddle thread . '