' it would take growing up with abuse and / or pain and / or constant bullying and / or social isolation so no mental anchor on the value of others . with a helping of not getting what others get within ... trees are awesome ! ! ! they do so much with out us realizing it . they let us breath . they collect carbon in the air . they prevent soil erosion . they provide whole ecologies on an individual scale and ... i constantly had prophetic dreams as a child . and , not symbolic ones ! actual action for action , step by step in order nothing unreal . i actually smelt an infection in my dream that happened in real ... i may have misspoke . you might be doing it right , just differently . : happy : sweet vidalia right here ! best caramalized in the skillet with a little butter and add some shrooms ! ! makes the steaks steakier ! sssooo ... what will 9s do ? that means you did it wrong . 1 ) use the internet to find what satellite stations are broadcast in the region you are visiting . decide if next steps are worth it . 2 ) purchase or make a ... infj male wanting to experiment with intj female . odds are against it though . you know why . a cat that sleeps a lot . snow leopard does look inviting but a warm spot on the floor from the sun would let me enjoy just being a tabby . a manifesto to the people to fix social injustice and the nation i reside in . it would inform them for those who do not know what wrongs have happened and what they did not know that they lost and ... part ferrenghi part rebel alliance . oh yeah it actually looks pretty sweet . i liked it till it took a tea party to the flag pole . now it is associated with bad politics and people reading pamphlets by the koch brothers . : sad : nifty sand dollar there benevolent dictator . it is one of the the only 2 ways to clean up congress . take a wild swing at the other ! got out of the af in ' 02 . was like that when i was in . if i am going to war , i am taking some nachos and a satelite tv . besides scorpians in boots in tents in the dessert . it can happen . scorpians in ... sounds right to me . 90780 for just random with no reason , potato . for oddness kumquat cellar dweller sounds nifty heard them all except for the life guard bit . that was the best one in my eyes . maybe . if i'm a potato then my girl would be butter . yum . have a sensitivity to metals . i could never do it . i lot of the inks have metals in them . a ) little sleazers was never the greatest pizza and stopped being edible over 15 years ago . now that that is over . b ) i feel all sides here but i have to side with the concept of tossing a sign ... that is probably because you are not watching infj porn ! well if i am not having the x-mas home lasagna . then i am going out for the x-mas chinese food . i finally get a guaranteed day off of work that everyone else does too and i can't spend it with ... 85589 disney knows how to make a depressing scene . does anyone find it interesting that north america's biggest and most well known children's media company is such a producer of tear jerking ... the european cousin of the jackalope ! 85520 ( an over sized statue pic from wikipedia . ) i guess it is better looking than the elwedritsch . i have no problems with this one . i comprehend . when your done making a friend can i have any of the leftover pieces ? i need to make another one over here ... i am surprised after 6 pages in a forum ful of people who like anime and cats , no one said catgirls . ( nothing ecchi here folks ) 83790 and for the ladies ... catboys . 83791 also kitsune , spirit ... 83789 i have to go with this guys post . my mom is an infj or infp from the looks of it and she has always been an understanding beyond normal person , but she doesn't know what and how much is at my core and all that i have done and been ... so if you were in the usa military than you were either bounced out or the air force . i had them myself . someone say vsauce ? i love this guy . but if you paid attention ... what can be scientifically proven is the light spectrum absorption frequency of a material so really we can nail down the exact ... i have a good intj friend who seems to respect the subtle difference between us . we both can be logical and technical with our thoughts and words , but i translate human motive and emotion changing ... i tend to like intjs . especially if they have just the right amount of high introversion and book smarts wrapped up in a layer of sarcasm and snark . also their bluntness , i mean honesty can be ... cake not pie . pie is a lie just popped into my head for no reason : a square in jeopardy under the category of answers for both the answer fits two different circumstances . another name for a train and a crazy reason ... yes this is broke down into small pieces but it is not an attack . this is me just addressing individual statements , especially since i do not fully disagree with you . let me post the 1st 4 ... other high schools have that without fb . a number of them use the schools own webpage with log ins or email blasts to personal accounts or school only accounts . these are more secure and private than ... wait , what ! (: shocked : and : angry :) why is it required ? i do not see a reason . this makes no sense to me . if you could please , can you share with us or me why it is required ? also what level of ... good quote / message / lesson . but ... you should know by now though , this the infj forum . infjs are known to be a type that will fix / clean up some one else's house before they start on their own ... is it wrong to be wanting to be called infj ? who would want to purposely be ... is a good question . think of the negative side of infj . the cons not just the pros . * in the top 3 of the types to ... 1 . what would you tell your 24 - year-old self ? you are sooo f'ed . in the poker game of life you hold no cards . 2 . what are the three most important things for you in life ? my memories ... i had two comments for that , especially the bold part but i lost one . : unsure : so here is the one . 1 ) spoken like an intj but here is a new one all of a sudden . 2 ) but we're sibling xxfxs . we ... stay away from it ! crappy hiring prospects . at least that is what i have experienced with my b.sc . sounds more like people who talk about auras . but your description sounds not fully on the mark for that either . maybe a kirlian photography effect in how your brain received the image , with dark or ... i always considered myself a cross between an intj and an infp . : tongue : may have . i am late to the party after all . :p roud : where i am , yes . there are limited contract possitions for 3 - 6 months and if someone dies or moves out of town you are then vying for the same job as are a ton of others . and that is if the ... pnp rpgs : * * rifts and the palladium megaverse ! ! ! ( usually rifts or rifts in space / dimension books get your firefly on before there was a firefly ! ) * * old original world of darkness / vampire ... '