' so basically you wanna play d & d with us ? nope . been trying too long , the whole process of thought had rubbed me raw . lately the strategy i'm employing is going this is my life , don't expect it to change and do you think you would fit in ... this is a peculiar thread . to say no would declare that you either looked at yourself objectively and saw no fault or that you did not see it from a place outside of yourself thus stating that you ... i had the same idea but i wanted a larger demographic and i also didn't want to make multiple threads or duplicate choices . i feel like if there is a difference then it could be made clear in the ... how do we nts handle romance ? does it take us a while to succumb to our romantic feelings , do we ride on the whim of them , or do we even adhere to them at all ? i have my own presumptions but i'm ... i'm actually not sure you should've told him , here's why . by telling him how you felt you basically wagered your friendship for his opinion of you romantically . through my experience of talking to ... i think that's your best bet . the classic you don't know what you've got till it's gone . i bet he'll miss your texts after around a week . yea i'm an intj giving relationship advice , deal with it ... donald trump could be a good president yea i've definitely went through it . it's when you just believe in things as they come to you instead of filtering it through sensible reality ( te ) . i don't want to get too much into it but it's ... i like it buuut on the sub-sub-sub-level it isn't explain at all really maybe entp stuck in fe-si loop ? yea , i'm not gonna be like these guys and feed your attempts to escape the reality of your situation . my friend , i don't know what you did but to be sent to a therapist without question means it was ... like they said , it's about who you know . yes . i guess people do invent problems when they have none honestly though you're gonna live a comfortable life at that pace and if you want problems have a kid yea the personality tests here are terrible , that's why you got that idea . virtually every mbti test on the web is terrible in fact . if you have weak f it doesn't mean you don't sympathize , ... the one is a marketing scheme created by carnegie steel co . to increase divorce rates . if you marry someone just stay with them because it's a lot easier then trying to understand a whole other ... thanks everyone for the suggestions , you all get a like : wink : ahh i had almost forgotten about dwarf fortress , it's refreshing to see developers turning away from the graphics arm race . sorry to bother and thanks for the great suggestions ! yea i know pal , that's why i'm looking for a hobby , yeezy kableezy : exterminate : this is a pretty light-hearted thread anyways , what's got you so worked up ? try to completely suppress it . i always try to be as true of a person as possible so when i make mistakes i take it as i'm a natural disaster someone lock me away . in high school we were learning about mbti in prep class and i wanted to know more so i did my own researching . i'm bored of the same ins and outs , see ? i'm looking for something new to pick up , like a hobby , but i can't think of anything . so imagine please what you would be doing if you actually did anything . make all drugs legal and actually teach kids about drugs in school . i'll let the drugs do the rest . if what you're saying is true , which i can presume that it is , then it's a real shame that such misinformation is found everywhere you go on the internet for mbti studies . sadly we truly never connect in this universe . everything you experience , dream , or remember ; it's all just a distorted image of someone knocking away at a door that can't open . we all like to ... toiling at an italian deli and saving up money to move to central florida . poems are weird sometimes they make no sense and have no rhythm like life . so what you're saying is the common function stacks we see in correlation to mbti are unsupported . then what stacks would be supported , if any ? so you feel that your dominant te has the ability to manufacture feelings ? do you deceive yourself into believing that you like something when really you like the social acceptance it garners ? ... but aren't we all ? often we think of the cognitive functions as separate when in fact they come in pairs or axes ( plural axis ) as jung called it . he employed these axes in an interconnected format in what we now know ... well thanks i really didn't expect such good advice . you're advice reached me the most , i always neglect asking myself what i did wrong or what i could have done different . for me , ... apologies , i thought this was spam world otherwise i wouldn't have clicked post i'm in love with a girl . her name is the atlantic . i've never wished to be anywhere else my entire life . she is my all and i feel complete when i'm with her but the world will not let us be together ... i'm nearing the end of my high school experience and it has been , by my choices and by nasty rumors spread about me , a terrible time . i've had virtually no friends for the entirety of my experience ... not so much stupid as he was considered scatterbrained and a delinquent . although some of his teacher might have called him stupid it's simply that he didn't give a shit about what they were teaching . i have add as well and i know exactly what you mean : you know what your supposed to do and how but your brain just won't leave pluto often enough to let you . it's difficult . the best advice i can ... be black and white about it . i don't care . cool . that was necessary . i wish you would have read the rest of the thread to understand what i was really asking . i overreacted . i have one real friend . i'm bad at being human . that means i've never had any friends . that feels bad to admit . you know jetstream aya , i'm gonna be completely honest here . i just want someone to talk to and share thoughts and feelings with . i have never had that , no one is close enough to me . is it wrong for ... turtlequeen i know my mom well and she was being serious about the randomness . it's the first time it occurred to me but i think she's built her entire philosophy around randomness . she's also ... bassmasterzac i know im sensitive . but honestly , if your kid says he's been contemplating suicide , you talk to them . she didn't . she shrugged it off as me being stupid so instead of feeling less ... is my mother an asshole ? dialogue : mom do you wanna go to a hanukkah party ? me no that sounds random and weird mom you have to do random stuff , everything is random ( i am a firm believer ... i've had a similar experience with high school but i learned i was an add'er and i'm pretty sure that was why . people we're always upset with me because i didn't pay attention to what they were doing ... i try to piss people off anyways because really being angry or upset just means your ideas are being challenged and you're supposed to take it with grace and learn from it . but , people today have ... noel gallagher's high flying birds - title album that one was so solid , no duds or out of place tracks like in every oasis album . i also agree with the person who first said good kid m . a . a . d ... something slow and jazzy usually works for me i prefer to believe in these modern days we are in more of a matriarchal society than patriarchal . women really do decide a lot these days . also i'm slightly insane in the membrane so there's not ... '