' i used to find this difficult until i realized most of the time , people just want someone to listen . so , i sit and i listen . it makes me feel weird because i know there is something i can say that ... i agree with everything said here . my intj boyfriend's favorite words to say to me are ; stop over-thinking things my favorite words to say to him , shut up , while my hands are covering his ... kips ooh ;) well from your different slanted letters i can conclude quickly you are not so in control about your emotions by the way your letters slant . they go in all different directions , did ... nefuen flarben webawazo , juangie glarg ! - my sim aliens have put one direction on this earth strictly to monitor the behavior of young girls when a pretty british boy who sings has been placed in front of them . they're keeping a close watch on ... my talent is having no talent . i am the best at having no talent . don't ask me how ; just accept it . alas , i have forgotten . i will talk about chicken nuggets now . do you like chicken nuggets ? i absolutely love chicken nuggets ; i've actually noticed i have the palate of an 8 year old . chicken ... i don't believe ( or want to believe ) i am depressed . i think it's overrated to be perfectly honest . it seems as if somepeople just want to be diagnosed with it so they can draw some form of ... where can i fill out the application to become a slacker ? i agree , i am not intpish at all . i am a potato . i can be baked , mashed , fried , raw ... whatever need be at the time . i'll be it . but in the end i am still a potato . a toaster . i cry every weekday morning , and i praise the dark lord satan by nightfall . the hours in between , i manage to get high on bath salts and ravage a wal-mart . i also burn down book stores on saturdays ... i'll see myself out . narcissism 66 % 60 % unconventionality 72 % 64 % empiricism 77 % 61 % vitality 33 % 59 % othercentricism 66 % 58 % independence 55 % 54 % integrity 94 % 53 % intellect 61 % 70 % i must not be an intp then . i must go . edit : actually , let me say a quick something . is it wrong i find astrology interesting ? it appears that every intp here laughs and scoffs at anyone who ... you okay ? how do you feel ? what's up with you ? you ok ? you ok ? u ok ? ? ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPpM8Z5byzs only if i forget to take my invisibility cloak off . when i finally remember , i whip it off and that's generally when people say whoa when did u get here ! ! ? ! 1 oh good ! ! something else to help me procrastinate my research paper ! ! 67320 edit : i just realized i did not draw eyebrows . dang it . oh , poo ... i use all of those ironically . is that still a bother ? i think i've far surpassed the ironic amount of ! ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ? and yolos and swaggie it up to even stop now ... i don't even know what ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVUyyHYkBHk i'm not going to sit here and give you all a very long description of you by the lines on your palms ... i know most of you scoff when it comes to that kind of nonsense , but i've always found it ... ehhh ... don't get me started . i wasn't ready . yaoi manga ;) ~ ~ i am loving it ~ ~ 66326 ah , my few months of reading about graphology ... have not really paid off ! i can come to some quick conclusions by looking at everyone's handwriting , but ... i'd rather no reveal it . people on my ... hm , well i've made enemies in the past ... for petty things . i don't bear a grudge against them now nor will i ever , i just did something to upset them greatly , i suppose . i can tell they still ... maybe they don't like you very much because you yell a lot . i guess i am a secret prostitute . well while this secret has been leaked out , i'll have you all know my name is victoria . * * i charge $ 5 extra for oral . are you me ? ( sorry i guess i didn't reply to your comment , just the whole thread itself , whoops ) i think you've hit the nail on the head , that really spoke to me on levels i didn't even know could be ... um , well i've filled my mind with astrology nonsense .. and i've come to a lot of general conclusions of it and mbti . although i'm a libra , social butterflies as well , my moon sign and rising sign ... well , sometimes . usually arguments and debates get me excited , in fact , i was in a little internet argument just last night ! boy , that was fun . arguments give me a queasy stomach and my body runs ... well i have a suspicion i've been mistyped ... i might be ... but for the time being ... i am an intp . 5 years down the road , i might become an istp ( which i can easily pass for , i think ) . my ... it seems we all bite some part of ourselves ... i bite the skin around my nails , the inside of my cheek , and bite the skin on my lips . i used to bite my nails but i noticed how gross my fingers looked ... well , since i am brought up by a very neurotic mother , i can only assume i have developed her ... mannerisms ... over time . i don't think i'm really meant to be as emotional as her , but it just so ... i like rap a bit , only certain artists , though . some of them can say some really meaningful stuff ( hard to believe , i know , but if you really listen ... ) , and i think it's ... quite beautiful , in a ... christ , i glanced at this and i saw incest ( for some reason ) but i guess that would go with this thread , huh ? liking someone but it can't ever happen ? ;) ... ok you know what i can't say anything ... not in that teen angst kind of way , just in ... general , i guess . you say something , and no one understands what the fuck you're on about , so they ( usually ) ignore what you say . this can count ... told you so . it's like death . yeah . think about it . nope , not even in front of the mirror . i just can't make myself do it . * shrug * i hate dancing . i have no idea what the frick is going on but hello ... ? firstly , i don't know what i said nor what she said after what i said . the only thing i remember is talking to a friend in her yard and then watching her cry while i stood in the distance . it is not ... i burn their house down . pretty sure tina fey is an intp ! or ... no ? you guys went on a tangent about ellen page , so i'm wary to even say tina fey ( although a website said she was , including sigourney weaver ) ... if ... well , you infjs seem to be every fond of us , looks like i gotta grab one up for myself . where can i buy you guys ? are you expensive ? how long do you last ? ... there aren't really quotes , but little sayings we've all heard that really tick me off . reach for the stars make lists to stay organized ! be organized ! and my all-time favorite ( on a ... obviously i do , why else did i click on this thread ? to not gloat about how my mind is much more advanced than the people around me ? ? ? psshaw . as if ! '