' add me to the empathetic club . i can also be very expressive at times . 660185 my two-cents worth , in which i'll keep brief : these platforms are highly enabling , in a quasi-addict kind of way , swelling on the vices of their users whilst enabling a decline into bigotry , ... i love people i can banter or postulate back-and-forth with . bouncing ideas . those who build upon my thoughts akin to a snowball rolling downhill on a warm day . it's the greatest feeling , may i say , ... yes i feel . the trouble is analyzing the f * ck out of the feelings . at times i will approach someone i am very close with and explain my analytics of said feelings and they interpret them for me . it ... yes , yes i do . i don't mind my job . by all means , it's a ' good ' job . i ' enjoy ' it roughly 60 % of the time . as far as being satisfied , i'll never be as i fear i'll never function at full potential . i must think ... sadness . yes , i feel sadness . mostly the existential type or deep , deep resentment . i'd like to hear about your writing process . my example , pulled from education , is this : i'm given the task of writing an essay ( or term paper ) on a specific topic . for the sake of this example , ... that first sip of coffee in the morning i'd like to hear about your writing process . my example , pulled from education , is this : i'm given the task of writing an essay ( or term paper ) on a specific topic . for the sake of this example , ... i know this can vary on the task and the type / size of the mess , but go ahead and answer however you see fit ahh , this could be taken wrong . i'm referring myself , as in i'm a master of none ... not even one on a light note : a few ladies socializing about food they enjoy and what they did that day . i bust in with i ate a giant pierogi ! they burst with laughter , and i'm confused and ask them if ... heck yes . i'm doing the whole i have a lot to say , so i am going to avoid this for now thing i'm most likely going to come back to this thread when i have enough time to thoroughly respond ! what is the sex of the child ? also read : does the offspring have a penis or vagina ( or both ) . do they have ova or produce sperm ? what is the gender ? there's a difference here . obviously ... gender ( learned , socially constructed , cultural ) sex ( biological ) the end ! clearly i was too lazy to read all these enormous posts jack of all trades , master of none - not one i'm good at things . many things . i'll even say i'm very , very good at many , many things . but damn it , i just can't say i'm the master that i so desperately want to be . i've been told several times that i am intimidating ( their words ) . i've been told several times that i appear to be analyzing ( their words ) . in my own words : i am . however , people are often ... 642937 6390 98 638970 espresso . longing to be closer to someone is not necessarily love ; i say necessarily because it is subjective . the aching you feel could be the embodiment of a range of things - your regret in behavior or ... you're welcome . your music is beautiful , by the way . thank you for sharing the link in your signature . posted 4 sets of function test results in the type me forum ...  ... ran away when someone suggested i fill out a questionnaire . ignore the f * cked up system and think back to humanity itself . humanity desperately needs infps . you are a medicine , whether you want to be or not . my mind is one big existential crisis , but ... i don't . i just kick ass and go on my merry way . oh man . maybe i am intp . that looks incredibly daunting . these are lovely . i wish i could share so freely . two sets are from several years ago . two are decently recent . no order to below . note , they were done on various sites . i'm re-questioning my type , as always , and am looking for some insight from ... do or do not , there is no try . oh wait . that was yoda . damn you yoda . * sits here doing nothing * but i wasn't always this way ! all . the . time . it's terrible . very open question . respond however you see fit . i go through spurts of researching until exhaustion and then become energized to the extreme when building upon that information . when tying ... woah ! ... it's intoxicating damn . i love it when the bolded is used properly all of this . my sister and i often joke that we mind-sync . it's as if we are having a multitude of conversations at once . with sensors , often it's as if there is a disconnect . what do i think about poverty ? i think it's terrible for a variety of reasons . i think it's misunderstood for variety of reasons . i also think it is necessary in sustaining the the system we have ... not too sure what to say here . i guess my appearance is akin to being messy-as-sh * t and crisp-as-f * ck all in the same package . there are days where my hair is up and tidy , but my shirt pocket is ... this question makes me uncomfortable ... lol consistent high grades , inconsistent education timeline . just know that you've all helped me . very much so . i truly appreciate every response . i tried to private message several of you ( without success ) on my phone and didn't get a reason as to why ... saving me from myself , are you ? know that i'll be back to answer this question , but have to attend to a few commitments . i also need some extra time to clarify my thoughts in order to convey my ... these replies are great . my simple answer is yes and i'm congruent with all the above . i just don't know what to do anymore . my mind is spiraling and i feel like i can't make any choices anymore . i'm questioning everything and it's as if every choice i've ever made , thinking it was ... that would be terrible . i'm not going to bother to answer in depth as i am quite sure it would turn into an essay . and i don't have the energy for that right now . mass classification of ... was the stuffed , generic brand , cooked-from-frozen chicken breast i am currently consuming produced in a no-rat-feces-allowed factory ? likely not . then how much rat feces is allowed in the ... i am the clumsiest person i know . it's actually starting to concern me . yesterday i opened a vehicle door and full-on smashed the door to my forehead . i'm now sporting a vertical bruise above my left ... '