' you're very welcome . yes , this is an istp trait . istp's are excellent strategists . introverts in general are superior strategists to extrovert because they tend to be sensory perceptive sensitive . this means there is ... as a fellow intj my suggestion to you is this : you need to stop avoiding whatever it is you do well . it doesn't matter what it is . it doesn't matter if it's flashy or if you think will make you ... congratulations on your robot status dear sigmund ! everything you mentioned except maybe the original star wars , annie hall , crash ( that piece of crap that won the oscar a few years back ) , little miss sunshine , juno ( one of the worst scripts to ever ... i think the words i would use to describe a lot of the rest of the world would be not visionary . it's the most frustrating thing for me with most other types but not all . i would say the rarer the ... i just watched lincoln this weekend and it wasn't nearly as dull as i thought it would be . it was actually a solid film and quite entertaining . i am really looking forward to much ado about ... wow that's awesome ! congratulations on your 6500 posts , freebeer ! congratulations runemarks on achieving your robot status ! [ quote = vikingbitch ; 3678683 ] i'm a little curious to see how you guys feel about alcohol , so i thought that i would ask a few questions : 1 . do you drink ? if not , why ? no , because i've always hated ... that was the most brilliant fiction i've ever read ! it completely messed me up and it will take a long , long time for me and anyone else who reads it to recover , but it was totally dope and worth ... congratulations cristicake on your robot status ! i am totaly 100 % with you on shelton . that man is the poster child of an estp . when i think of him i think of sawyer on lost . those two could be brothers . as for adam , i'm not going to disagree ... congratulations wellsy on your new robot status ! a lot of people already mentioned some of my favorites but i will add a new series on the ifc channel which looks promising called rectify , by the producers of breaking bad one of my all time ... congratulations on your robot status : happy : ! i don't really care if people never understand me as long as they understand my work , or if they don't understand my work at least they appreciate it is brilliant which it is . : wink : congratulations for making it to 1000 posts . no . i think entp's are quite intelligent and extremely curious . the drawback i see is they are messy and they like to live messy lives or at least that's been my experience . they will do anything to ... i am not an entj i am an intj and i used to compete in debate tournaments in high school and college in the interp categories . i ’ d have to introduce the premise the piece of literature was arguing ... yeah , it's very rare for an intj parent to have an intj child . it's possible but very rare . in fact it's very rare for any nt parent to have an nt child as all nt's as a group only represent 12 % of ... finish it . you don't want to be the fool who looks back on his life years from now and says i could have , should have , would have . if you don't finish it you'll just regret it later . if you think ... i hate cheese . i've never liked the stuff and i never will . i find it utterly disgusting and it makes me gag . i do however love chocolate in all its forms . but cheese can go screw itself . this ... you know this is an excellent question and i think it may be true . i've run into a lot of strange people in my life from all walks of life which include high school , college , restaurants , theatre ... i don't know why a large portion of women gravitate towards extroverted assholes . i think i might have had a crush on two extroverts in the seventh and eighth grade . then i grew up and became an ... the last movie i saw in the theatre was django . i'm going to try and watch either the sessions or zero dark thirty this weekend . a suit and tie is not the usual attire for an it position . office casual is more appropriate in most cases . and if you are doing any hardware work at all , you definitely don't want to wear a ... congratulations tanstaafl 28 for accomplishing the highly regarded status of robot ! you rock ! congratulations lilysocks for reaching robot status . outstanding work ! falling down is my favorite feel good movie . when i feel depressed that one picks me up every time . bad santa is my other go to feel good movie . makes me laugh every time . untamed heart ... this post is probably too little too late but if you liked george orwell , i would recommend of course animal farm but i would also recommend two of his lesser known books , keep the aspidistra ... conquering anything and everything i ever wanted to conquer makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . in fact i tear up when everything and everyone around my lies conquered at my feet , completely ... if they compliment me on what i do best , a project i've worked hard on or a creative idea i have that i'm excited about that is a compliment of the highest order . and being a female it's nice to be ... i honestly don't know any german television shows but like type b suggested there are some great german movies out there . head on is superb . so is mephisto , run lola run , sophie scholl-the ... i've been reading it here and there . i'm at page 92 . so far i like the book . first of all pull yourself together , man ! you have just been bestowed the highest of all honors : you have tested as an intj ! and why the fuck wouldnx 92t you want to fix the world ? what the hell ... congratulations thewildone on your posting milestone ! : happy : 1 . candy 2 . caramel 3 . peaches 4 . tupelo honey 5 . home 6 . dreaming 7 . diamonds 8 . pearl necklace 9 . surrender 10 . tush no offense taken . i'm strange and a little obsessive about film and television . i always like to watch the trailer to both movies and television episodes . i'll even , if i'm watching the trailer on line , stop and analyze the frames , try and go back again and again and listen to ... you're very welcome . if you can get a hold of a copy of paper house it's quite good and genuinely unsettling at points . it's about a strong willed little girl who comes home from school with a ... [ quote = noceria ; 3473902 ] i'm somewhat late to this thread , as it would seem , but better late than never ! i am presently a female in high school ( particularly , freshman year ) , so i'll substitute ... here is a list of mind bending films i think you might enjoy that i don ’ t think have been suggested : repo man room after hours exotica amateur trust history of violence existends congratulations mr . meepers on your newly found robot status ! very cool . : happy : you can make anyone a villian . a few basic things things to remember about a villian . 1 . they are usually though not always the most intelligent character in the story . 2 . they usually physically ... i think if i had to choose i would be hard pressed to say i'd read a finer love story than pride and predudice . i would say another great one is great expectations . a neat little modern romance ... i got introduced to brisco county jr . via dvd's . that show rocks . i love bruce campbell . i even own a bubba ho tep t-shirt and the dvd of the movie , no lie . an interesting fact about that show is ... my favorite forgotten show , and it only ran for one season on fox was the very smart , very dark comedy action with jay mohr , buddy hackett and illeana douglas . it was about a movie producer aptly ... i own a poochie . that would be a half poodle half chihuahua . before that i owned a toy poodle . someday i'd like to have a teacup poodle so i could walk around with it in my pocket or purse . i am ... yes i have . it ’ s a great relationship . you don't have to put up with a lot of crap . they get you , and how often does anyone get an intj ? you work together well so if one is down the other one pulls ... '