' i think i tend to swear more when i'm angry . in writing , though , it can be much more common even when i'm anything but angry , but i'm more likely to show emotion in writing than in words . welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome back to the forum ! :) azura rose seems to sound really good . welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) the mbti is hardly a perfect system as it boxes seven billion people into sixteen different categories . this would be little better than using the horoscope for the same purpose . welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) i don't know of any forum where they would delete an account that had been used to post something unless it was a spambot . they can retire your account , but that's pretty much it . i just use a combination of letters and numbers that i can easily remember depending on what the password is for , so i don't need to save passwords in my browser . welcome to the forum ! :) has a dark side that is also somewhat immature at the same time i haven't noticed any difference , probably because i don't see them as female boss or male boss , but as a boss . welcome to the forum ! :) doublepost welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) i'm not sure , sorry , they usually post a reason in the bans / infractions subforum . i used to be too although not greatly outgoing even then , but in my mid-teens became more withdrawn and introspective . i did , and i would say that infp does come closer than most types to how i am as a person . i actually took a mbti test a few months back and got infp even though 99 % of the time i get intp . thanks , and i'm glad to see you too ! :) the sky , planes , birds , clouds , the atmosphere :P . i've been ok , how have you been ? i'm not sure , i tend to be more giggly , outgoing and silly when drunk . anyone want to judge me ? this is shahada trolling ? i think i expected a bit more effort from them . you're brooding and have a more gentle side that doesn't always show . welcome to the forum ! :) i write online far , far more than i say in real life , and in real life i'm deeply introverted and tend not to socialise much with others . this is partly choice , partly anxiety . isfj welcome to the forum ! :) wholegrain rice and tuna . welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) welcome to the forum ! :) '