action action ... our action are us . i'm an estp.my oldest sister is an isfj.simple to say i hate her.but she's so pathetic .. when i was very young she would beat me one moment and the next try to bribe to play with i a manipulitve ... in my country i vote for who would help my country the most.your question mainly refers to americans .. yes i love action , pressure , crunch time . i'm a killer when it's most needed ;) that's because i'm smart jack sparrow - entp will turner - isfj elizabeth - istp barbossa - entp gibbs - estj james norrington - istj davy jones - infj lord beckett-istp both i've found good match .. but ofcouse the challenge is always accepeted and at the start stuff are good but they don't tend to last . yes ! i'm an amazing dancer ;) i'm phisical ... ? ? ! ! bad day ? i'm action oriented .. highly active but very focused .. not scattered .. no disorder .. just live at a faster speed ;) don't focus with her on covering only her lower part .. tell her that her being nude bothers you .. imo you should'nt focus on a certain part of her body . hmm ... then your whole day is full of fun .. why did you stop ? kids ? wow .. you scared me for a moment .. estp's only get better with time .. that's atleast the deal with me :) and how old are you now ? ? ? push yourself to places and situations you know you wont be able to be your natural self .. that's how you get better .. out of your comfort zone . life ! ! ! that what happins after work .. workaholic and all but sooo many stuff i do .. hang out..basketball/rollers/running/pro gym .. projects i've started .. music online shit .. movies .. so much .. all to make ... cause it's not practical.lol better under pressure and prefer not to cry infront of other ppl as not to get stupid simpathy / un-needed attention ( other atttention is always good .. ) but i've cryed in front of others .. you will get bored.no matter how many hobbies & friends or work you've got.it ' s in your dna so annoying .. how the hell did i get on this site ! ! ! my dreams have always bean very vivid and very much alive .. with color and small detail .. facial expressions .. i'm not looking for a partner now but she would need to evan me out with trusting and ... entp .. that's the vibe iget .. just becuase he says to follow your heart and dreams doesn't make him a feeler . lol .. not that you are ! ! ! but many players in the nba aren't aware of what's going on around ' em.many aspects to the game and many directions to take the game . word . who said you're aware of what's going on around you ? ! many jobs a degree is a good jump for and even thou to get the degree you'll learn a lot that is useless .. the big picture is good .. many other stuff a degree is not the key to the job and you're ... better non then some those videos wern't any good . not much to get outta of it . i'm just curious if their's any a * * * that wants to challenge me cause i love me some freash stupid meat ! ! ! agreed with almost everything .. i was clearly off in my first post .. but coach is an introvert.he hates ppl and seems to only dream of being alone on an island with football .. lol as a coach ... you're an estp.imo.why ? cause . re-openning :) i'm focusing on what they show on the court .. they might be completley diffrent off-court so this is kinda limited but wtvr . kobe - istp shaq - enfp michael - istp lebron - estj ... estp 3w4 .. any 1 up to offer a counter ? ! maybe .. that's not my point thou.it ' s that we do what we want and crying is nothing unless you give it meaning ! crying and sensing ? ? * scraches head * i'm a fucking estp and i cry when i want to cry . i will cry by my girlfirend . i will cry by my mom i will cry in a bussiness meating if i feel like it . and rhett ... too long . hand made . 1.sit with him and tell him how you feel . 2 . get to know him .. estp's aren't much from first impression imo ^ ^ my brother is an entp and we are very diffrent.we might do the same thing but focus on completley diffrent aspects.and again , sterotype estp and real life estp or any other types is compeltly ... isfp enfj me me me me ! ! how you doin ? wait , you can't answer that plain and simple now can you.just smile and make it look like you're good . my work involves much of my se , then add to that basketball and rollers and anything in my daily life romance , drama , comedy , bio haters will hate :) 95117 kinda old .. wtvr the forum is not real ppl.we are simply words on your screen.not ppl . i vs e is what's more .. not what is or isn't . you give to me a sense of a stronger inner introverion . then you prefer introvetion over extrovertion imo . i know ... but work on it .. i decided to be also cocky and freaky also with my family .. and also with strangers .. all the time .. much better then changing my self .. i feal real with my self .. it also made so ... i've played this games years back .. when i was in high school and now i've started again ;) anyone care to join ? join in world 73 tribal wars - the browser game my name their is meirsho .. the map ... be yourself all the time .. don't be a certain way around certain ppl .. i was like that and it hurt me badly .. you just can't give a damn .