' fuck you you fucking fuck . not original , but it always suffices and there's the part where people don't know how to respond to that usually . billy bob thornton took me to the airport once . that was pretty awesome on a crap day . intp / j born on october 23 right on the libra / scorpio cusp . in celtic astrology i'm an ivy which fits dead on . eye contact in most cases is something i find extremely uncomfortable . i've always felt that way about it , no doubt it has roots in my asperger's . i even go so far as to tell people i don't know ... melancholy 14 sanguine , 57 melancholy , 29 choleric , 36 phlegmatic currently pissing me off is the massive poison ivy rash i acquired from some unknown source . it's even on my face and in my ear . i itch mother effin ' everywhere . backward country is debatable , metric is a no . lately , what's pissing me the hell off is distance and all units of measurement used to calculate it . i really , really effin ' hate distance . : angry : do i get my intj card taken away if i admit to something very un-intjish ? i was a cheerleader all four years of high school and two years in college . : blushed : i ran cross country and played ... i've tried at length to make mine go far far away concerning a few things in the last couple of months and so far , it's been an exercise in futility . time , distance , seclusion ... none have helped . ... i'm rather unalarmed at how few pictures of myself i have . alberta , about halfway between edmonton and calgary . coming from rarely gets below 30f texas to there is going to be killer . lately , i'm feeling very disconnected and adrift . it's been a long time since i had this almost overwhelming sense of ennui ; i really thought i'd be out of it by now , but it's been about three ... my brother is an esfp so no help on the romantic relationship front really . i can say he's one of the oddest people i know . we rarely have disagreements , but that may be because i learned a long ... i'm a fidgeter and a random leaver too . i'm not a fan of direct eye contact either ; usually , i'm fixed on a point just past their shoulder or face to make it appear that i'm looking at them ... i go to bed anywhere from 2 am to 6 am and generally sleep 2-3 hours . on the rare day i get more than that , i'm brainfogged . red ! well , it used to be before i had a schizo moment and dyed some burgandy and black . yeah , yeah i'm glow in the dark pale too , but it was a great hair day . green with a good bit of yellow . there's a pic around here somewhere of them . born oct . 23 , 1981 ; for poll purposes i chose scorpio as that was the sign given for that date , however the 23rd falls on the exact cusp of libra / scorpio and i've found it's usually a 50-50 split ... first and last , i'm absolutely terrified over your surgery that's coming up . i try so hard to not let you see and keep it all together because i know you're my level of terrified times a ... oh fuck me , i needed that laugh after the undending storm of crap today . so thanks . for that . oklahoma state university , agriculture economics and bovine science double major bs . yeah , i got a bs in bs . texas christian university , ranch and land management ms and geology ms . username - red is my catchall nickname that i've had since i was about five or six years old because people are terrifyingly original about nicknaming people with red hair . the leaf part comes from ... i was err , wondering , how are you guys like in romantic relationships ? in the beginning , i specialize in overthinking and being neurotic . after things settle and become more comfortable , those only ... people who type in text speak and ignore things like capitalization . it's annoying and makes my head hurt when read anywhere outside of my cell phone's screen . i only care about what / how people think of me when i'm emotionally invested in them . people who can not drive their vehicles and persist in riding their brake on the wide open highway . the road ain't gettin ' any more wide ass open honey how about you use that little pedal on the ... intj - from about ages 18-25 it was cocaine , weed and alcohol . i tried just about every drug available during those years and always came back to blow and booze . during grad school , coke use ... intj and born on the exact libra / scorpio cusp , so i read two . happy to help in whatever way i could . the ice pick thing comes and goes dependent on how surrounded by mentally deficients i am at a given time . snowguard and expat - you'll make it , it just takes time and strength of will . from my realization to evac was about three months . called off a wedding ( wtf was i thinking saying yes to ... i keep having dreams about being at the airport , mainly dallas / ft worth , calgary , edmonton , denver . in most of them , i'm looking for someone too , always the same person . it's beginning to veer to ... i have four modes of street legal transportation : 2011 dodge powerwagon - black , crew cab , 4x4 , big powerful truck ... i loved my 2006 one so much i bought a new one when they came out . this is my ... i wish i'd have had my head out of my ass from 20-26 ish years of age . i really screwed myself over in some ways and got lost in trying to be what people in my life at the time wanted me to be . i ... at least i know i'm not losing it if someone else is in the same boat i am . try being in an extended state of limbo because you're waiting on someone to answer some questions so you can plan out your immediate future . it fucking sucks . this is why i don't let many people ... 41 . i'm an aspie and have had numerous professionals classify me as such since i was a kid . so , meh .. no big shocker here . i have the most instances of self doubt when my emotions are heavily involved and when i'm put into a circumstance of having to lay those emotions bare and bleeding to someone i'm attached to ... i don't subscribe to your theory that you are in any way one of the least intelligent intjs here . we all have our areas of interest and gravitate towards them . what's important is that you know ... black , dark greens , dark reds , deep teal . hmm , basically anything darkish deepish in color apparently . i do it a good bit . i first noticed it when i was a kid and have always attributed it to my hands not keeping up with my brain . 29 as of three days ago mine is decent enough . if i'm in a hurry or crap mood though it shows in my handwriting . my printing looks like a first grader's so i try to avoid that . intj - usually between 2 am and 6 am . i don't sleep much , maybe three hours or so a night . i'm with you on defying the odds ; my so is an intj and our whole relationship has been ... effortless . we think the same , we process things much the same , we argue and get mad nearly the same even . ... two hours ne of dallas / ft . worth texas and halfway between calgary and edmonton alberta i'd tell you the towns but y'all would never have heard of them probably . i completely retreat . it's safer for all parties around me to go into seclusion and get whatever's stressing me out either picked apart until i can fix it or get my head around it as a fact of life . dude , i'm an intj and i laughed my tail off . i had always been very vocal and adamant about my lack of desire to have kids ; but , like things tend to do , that has changed . i never thought i'd be a good parental figure because i had two pretty ... series 1 - you birth time : 1:10 p . m . last place you traveled : glasgow , scotland eye color : green nail color : no color / natural height : 5 ' 7 zodiac sign : libra / scorpio cusp ... 10-23 . somebody ... '