' my mum had a cesarean when giving birth to me and my three siblings , and i was told in minimal detail how it worked at a young age . so i believed that after people got married ( only when married ) ... i interviewed a female esfj for my channel ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx7dInyClb4&list=LLsvrzN85lssQCb-TA5X8Byw if anyone has similar music tastes to me please do share , i'm always looking for a new sentimental high . ( or low perhaps .. ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zdNdjF-htY ... hey there everyone ! as some of you may know , i run an mbti youtube channel called ianfjay . for a new segment i'm starting up , i'll be getting people to send me ( an enfj ) questions , and i'll ... thanks for the encouragement , i'm glad you can relate ! one of the purposes of my channel is to show others how easy it is to make your own mbti videos , and how much benefit it is to everyone else in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQFTGQccSJw female enfj interview here ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCngYhfsV7A thought some of the nts would be interested to see this ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viAbI-YV6Gw i like behavioral humor . e . g . the office ( us ) . i like comedic voices , manerisms , reactions to pranks , and people making them selves look funny . in fact , if a person tells a joke i don't really ... you know you're an enfj when you pick up on other enfjs trying to get people excited over things ( that they really don't care about ) . i love this cartoon ! really appreciating the responses every one , keep them coming ! this is proving to be quite interesting indeed . thanks for your submission and comment iisu i plan on posting the results from my blog on to the thread , and will make sure that every one will get to see them . in terms of finishing the study , i ... enfj - pretty much all rock except for most 80s and 90s , alternative , indie , some classical and don't mind some metal core once in a while . some esfjs i know typically take introversion as being shy / lazy , you just need to explain to them how being burnt out physically and mentally affects you , and they should understand . play on their fe . i left the lined option open , i'm also interested to see what colour pen people use too ! thanks for your submissions every one , and to upload a picture try using imagr , and then linking it to your ... you guys might find this interesting ! ( if you're interested , there's a copy of my handwriting in the study post too ) ... i was inspired to conduct another study by some of the users over in the enfj forum . i am looking into the correlation between handwriting and one's type , and the variance between temperament , ... i have a male isfj friend who hides his feelings from others , because he feels as though most people don't understand them , or appreciate them . so he tends to keep them reserved for a select few who ... i too make use of the half cursive / half print hand writing , however recently i've been writing somewhat slanted towards the left . i feel as though slanting my words gives some sophistication to my ... i mentioned that i know two who get along , to give weight to my idea , instead of making a completely unsubstantiated point . my notion , is that although they are quite different , they still seem to ... i'm sorry to those who didn't get the memo , but the study has finished , you're a few weeks late ! if you would like to see the study results , you can find them here : typology study : the ... i know an intp and an istj that are good friends . they are quite similar in their interests , and in their social interactions . obviously two quite different types , but it seems plausible . i've had some minor conflict with an enfj female . not direct conflict in as much , but having them control and guilt trip people around me as well as being self absorbed . i've come to the ... this interacting with the energy flow that people invest in an outer agreed upon value is true in group situations , and some individual ones . but often times it works past an outer agreed upon ... i could go into detail , but there are probably others who will comment who can explain it better than me . for me , one of the main distinguishing factors is that infps are ' different ' ( different , ... thanks for the feedback ! i think italian is quite beautiful , but of course everyone's taste is going to differ . i've had moments where a friend is about to ask me a question , and i somehow already know it . as though i've seen it in a dream or vision before . i think you have mis-interpreted mbti . people disagree with me when i say you can't change types , but to go from intj to enfj is a very far strech . being abused would cause you to behave and ... ( not an attempt to hate on infps , don't misread this post ) i feel as though i am the only enfj who shares this view , but what is so special about infps ? there are a plethora of threads about ... an infj friend of mine gets sick now and again because she works herself a bit too hard . they say the mental affects the physical . start some new projects , that'll get your courage to build up . start working out , exercising , writing , drawing . find a hobby and pursue it . what i would give to be able to study frankenstein .. i would be blunt with your boyfriend and tell him how much it's affecting you . if not , you could move out until the estp leaves ? i'm an enfj and can relate to both of these points , and going off some of the other stuff you said , you definitely seem to be exhibiting fe / ni - leading me to believe you are an nfj of some sort .  ... although you're now banned , like i said it's more of a subtle thing , and often times i think it's almost subconscious since it goes unnoticed . it depends on the enfj , some are better at it ... ' manipulation ' is the wrong word for it , i see it more as persuasion . i believe that in cases it's not a conscious manipulation that we perform , it's more of a subtle thing . i can't give specific ... here's the follow up video , with a male intj . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1YTXjp3NnE well introversion / extroversion can be hard to judge over a one sided video , but before and after the interview anet was quiet and reserved . having developed feeling and being used to public speaking , ... anet , an intj , gets interviewed using questions from the nfgeeks video challenge . this is the third video in a series of mbti interviews for my blog , if you found this insightful , feel free to ... an interview for my mbti blog and an upcoming video series . ( captions available ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YPk3-jgMJg although i have posted this elsewhere , i feel as though it will be beneficial to share here as well . i recently conducted a study into the popularity of different types , in high school settings . ... the long awaited results to the study ! typology study : the self-assesed popularity of types in high school . | ianfjay just started a blog on mbti , with an enfj twist . if you have any suggestions on what you would like me to write on , then feel free to message me or reply . more posts in coming weeks , so be sure ... shade thank you for saying what i had no motivation to say , i completely agree . thanks for your objective response . tell me infjs , without adding any context to this question , do you value justice or mercy more ? it seems to me that most of the infjs i know are very ' justice ' based , so i'm interested to see your ... chose . '