' indiana solo - this is a forum that is the better of several places to get a perspective from the istp . of course , individual conscious choice negates preferences do a significant degree . however , i ... any istps here in a relationship with an intj ? i'm curious because of the enxp / intj and ixtp / entj paradigm that i'm considering . i know that i feel affection for entps and would not pursue ... intjs - do you have an entp friend , and the dynamic described as each of them think the other is <i> their </i> pet . i can't take credit for that assessment , as i read it somewhere else , but i'm ... what's your se like ? obsessive / repetitive ? ( ! curiousity ! ) but i'm serious ! i see a shadow on her face sometimes , and she doesn't make any playful political , socioeconomic , or biological jokes . if i deliberately leave an opening , would you appreciate it , ... i love you too ... ! do i need to worry when entps stop being playful ? i love my entp friend ! ! ! that is all . we're very good at tracing lies . we don't even pay attention to you - its your body language , the mileage on your car , whether you brought anything to give your relatives ... did you find out ... fomo ? it seems interesting that he didn't understand that you wanted exclusivity . that sounds like a conceptual boundary that was completely jarring and not aligned with yours . you see , it ... if i may ask , was it related to attitude or opportunity or both ? the pairing is great when it works , but i guess i'm asking about pre-meditation . at the moment , i'm completely open to a healthy enfp ... i agree with the above factors previously mentioned . its important to remember that rationals will often look at feasibility and practicality as parts of any situation . i had someone recently suggest ... not at all . i've accepted the fact that i have emotions > < with my entp friend , i've noticed that the guarded politeness and social appropriateness connects everyone in her world , so she's ... hello , i can definitely see that , but i can't quite express it . the next paragraphs won't really make sense . part of it is that ti-ti ; my entp friend is playful on words / concepts . however , with ... protecting me ( haha , from her father ! ) or protecting her values - thus distancing herself . just a weird thought . i've met only one other guardian estj and what characterized her was a structured form ... i was just scrolling up and read this - how does the paranoid manifest - self-questioning self-values ? normally there's a ask a relationship question section , and in light of my subsequent post , i find it very amusing there isn't one in the estj section . i met a estj female ; we hit it off on our ... apparently she just wanted to see the horror / reaction on my face . seriously ? her advice for a lot of situations i ask her about is very empirical - test the waters , etc . my position is based on ... sorry another entp question - we're friends and she ( entp ) licked my cheek . nothing to be concerned about ? just typical playing between wolf-cubs ? manifestation of ocd / neat-freak in enfp - possible , or / and anyone relate ? given the low percentage of the population , where did that statistical bias come from ? you're remarkably lucky . what was the original question ? i forgot . scrolled back . remembered . it was about your correct interpretations of intjs and meaningful relationships . that doesn't necessarily mean they're close ... where are enfps found if its a small town of ~ 200k - 1m people ? the only one i've met so far was a stand up comedian , it was at a bar / club , and we ended up picking each other up . would like to meet ... what approach we like might not be realistic . personally , i feel that having it direct and open is probably the best thing since we're quite daft with understanding or noticing these interactions . at ... what are you mistaken for when the lighting isn't good , or there's just glance without sufficent focus ? are you named or labelled any pet names ? we can do select , particular purposes as well . but essentially , in romance , there is very intense meaning . have you been pedestal'd or imaged yet ? i'm still trying to find time to really read your post ... the kind of reading where you can actualy absorb it and try it out ... thank you i wanted to re-post the ending : if anyone is unfamiliar , i posted last year about a stunning and amazing night with an entp female that i'll never forget .  ... i don't like to feel it , so i mostly disconnect by ensuring i don't have access to the data . as a personal example , i've more or less stayed away from my family for several years now . i think what ... hello , i think this is an infp or infj question , whether it comes from the wellspring of self-feeling or actual empathic field induction . ( sorry , those are the best words i can find to describe ... i realized just at the end of my law degree . i wasn't aware of anything that i liked before i began university . i was completely blank . i didn't have a plan . those years might as well have been ... if i had to describe the negative aspects of the enfp , it is that they're always looking for what could be and never being satisifed with what is . corrolary to that , i believe i've experienced ... they're very structured in their thinking . think of precision to the ultimate extreme , even to the point of truth that is useless , such as one inconsistency in an argument . this can lead to fallacies ... has this progressed to where you've living in the same area ? oh that is so amusing . it looks like he's trying to control the situation . apologies for the resurrection ( brushes off the dirt ) . how did that go ? ffs you enfps really think you can conceal your motivations are you serious you're leaking microexpressions , your actions are so obvious you're better off screaming it ( at least we'd be distracted ! ) , ... you may want to recheck your scores . :) i do feel its more natural mainly because the two people are introverts ; like the primary ne interaction , we'd sit back and let them talk . however , i've noticed some benefactor or ascendent aspects ... but while we're on that topic - remember the introversion / extroversion rule that jung put together ? without logic and feelies together - which is a pretty good paradigm that most humans would be ok ... sorry ; read as far as the first two sentences and needed to respond - we're ok we're cool , i'm just very curious . like a bubbling happiness . definitely not sad , discontent or anything . slightly ... that last is true , particularly if there's a task at hand . i think you've directly answered my question . i thank you from the bottom of my heart , because i now know i can throw the additional ... nice to know , but we've already been there :) we do have a lot of passionate debate between us , but i didn't really think we'd go back there , because if we did , there would be a lot of questions that ... anyone got a function theory on the clash between infp and intj ? friends - maybe close friends - but the current position from her is that she feels i'm dismissing her opinion and she wants to grab ... feels like he's had some terrible relationships in the past . pretending you're indifferent to the details by agreeing might help . we're often uncomfortable with who we are ; we see the world in ... for those of you dating or married to intjs , i have a question of some urgency - what do you like and dislike most about intjs ? for the intjs who are curious , the reverse would also be useful : ... more like a guided missile cruiser ( with full logistical support and reloads ) at your back . i have a question : what makes isfps recognize situations and face facts ? e . g . i'm being taken advantage ... not really , things came to a head and we ended up in bed . she snuck away at 4am , to simplify things . we apparently shouldn't be doing this because we're not in a relationship ( which i agree with ) , ... hello , i can definitely contribute to this . se is our inferior . in my perspective , its unsophisticated and overindulged . i don't know if i'll ever out-refine or develop it . food is one of those ... thanks i didn't see that . i will repost there . i'm not sure what you mean by telling her what i'm feeling . she already knows what i've described . i keep getting into fights with an ex-lover who i think is an istp . this whole prose is written in a positive , not a negative outlook . i like her . i do not hate her . here's how the conversation ... '