' again , it's not about whether or not it is wrong / right . it is a way for people to illustrate differences on a social level . the term exists and is used by many people and even scholars . at the ... its a natural way of life . it's all about demonstrating dominance as in leadership ; initiative ; taking charge . it doesn't necessarily mean undermining or treating people poorly . i will give you an ... the point is simple - we are all sitting and posting on a personality theory site , which is deemed a fad and / or inaccurate by many . yet , some of us are dismissive of the alpha / beta concept that many ... this is quite dismissive and unfair to many others who rely on alpha / beta social theory in order to better relate / identify with others . i am plenty sure that there are many who don't believe in our ... i am sorry , but before i contribute to this thread , i must say that it is out of pure laziness of those who refuse to even remotely entertain the alpha vs beta character traits . it is also many of ... # 1 you are going to have to take control of your own consciousness and bring about this enlightened awareness # 2 you are going to have to redirect this energy and make it work for you - in order to ... ironically , these are the posts that enable certain infjs to come out of their state of depression because to them , one of the bigger challenges is actually finding other infjs who aren't in this ... a home but living among distant relatives . although i get along with many in the community , i have found that i can't be as open in order to not hurt any feelings . i had the impression that i ... 80/160 .. i have a problem with that test because it simply gauges how you would react / respond to situations that benefit the outcomes of how you see fit . eq is meant to better understand others ... same way she is addicted to his abuse is the same way she will become addicted to self-help guides . don't even introduce that crap to her . rather , introduce her to a professional who will sit her ... sorry but i really enjoy scenario-based questions and it is rare that i get to answer personality questions without giving myself up too much .. so , if you don't mind ... in response to bonus ... i will try my hand at this game . not necessarily to haven anyone define my type , however . i'm just in the mood to engage ... 1 . what fictional character do you most relate to ? i can't honestly ... i am not one to undermine others so i would not necessarily label them as fake , but rather [ a different breed ] of infjs . these infjs are in love with the idea of what the infj represents on ... i will go with my own personal sense of what a good roommate would be - so if the shoe fits .. someone who : - doesn't always bug me to go out and hang with them - doesn't always have friends ... i will go with my own personal sense of what a good roommate would be - so if the shoe fits .. someone who : - doesn't always bug me to go out and hang with them - doesn't always have friends ... however crummy or salty at times your posts are perceived b others , you always seem to end them with perfect humor .. always make me laugh , lol a very unique gift you have - even if you aren't ... at some point , we all reach our thresholds in whatever endeavors we are a part of . in the case of mbti , we start off with all this researching , comparing types , distinguishing how our types relate to ... it is no longer about me , therefore , it has become what i hate to hear from others regarding their own selves . this includes : 1 - always being negative 2 - always seeking group help but without ... this is where it all starts . at this point , you need to be creating your own lane . however , there may be a part of you that is addicted to drama or , how far you can get without going so deep . it's ... a note of condolence does not require a reply . a christmas card does not require a call of thank you . a get-well card does not require you to call and / or email everyone who signed it . bottom line , ... you sure you aren't at olive garden dipping pumpernickel bread into your pasta with tomato sauce ? lol i have never heard of chocolate biscuits though . intuition is realizing that the op , whether entp or not , is only pulling your chain ... this dude does it all the time and poor people fall for it all the time as well . the op is not asking a ... i am about to get deep here - although this is not always the case . on the flip side of having the need to lean on others , is that you seek validation in what you are feeling is normal and ... what you are suffering from is called over-dependency . it's not necessarily a bad thing but there must be a balance . and not to be harsh to other posters but since you specifically asked for advice , ... i also think this will explain a lot to those who have this desire to be either p / j types , but in reality , should well embrace their own .. ip - ips are far more serious inwardly than they appear ... this is the perfect video . unlike most drabby folk giving only facts , she actually entertains with real life stories of how married couples both use their p vs j . she goes on to explain how p vs j ... now i know why liberals act the way they do . they keep being poked and instigated like some animal in a cage ... stablesun 35 you are spot on . i actually wanted to fill in that gap but that first post was such a blackout post that i rarely come back to these . it takes a lot out of me .. but to further ... i believe we must put some context into all of this , especially for others trying to understand beyond our own personal experiences . some people in general just don't like crowded areas - no matter ... one is made into an infj . if you are not fully executing all of the traits , you are then representing another type . and just as easily , you can unbecome an infj ... how many youtubers do you see ... again , he came by a couple days ago and you hugged , exchanged i love youze , and kissed how many times ? everything is right in front of you but it seems that no matter how many times you receive ... let's turn it up a notch ! tofufu , you are doing it again . i am talking to you as if i am living your reality . you hyping yourself up and you don't even know this . you are trying to find resolve ... i pm'd you back . remember , you said you would be open to getting back . as i stated in our message , you understand every aspect of your own faults and how they affected both him and the ... # 1 realize that you came to an infj section looking for relationship advice . this means , you will be given deeper insight , especially from the infj male - since your bf is a male . there is no other ... i am not looking for advice but just sharing my outward sensing process . recently , as most things occur with me , i have been putting things together . as a creative type , i don't think linearly so ... my virtual enfj mentor , greg plitt . cut the fat out of your life ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KLs9e0Ldc4 as a youtuber , you have a responsibility when using your voice to provide information that directly impacts the mindset and lives of people .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQLHSWbW79Q you find this thread bizarre because you are a t for thinker . you proudly sport your intp title , but seem to not want to respect the divided lines . you are not designed to understand the fe emotional ... just like in real life , you have crappy loser friends - if you have any . quality friends will motivate you and pick you up . find people who are excited about life and actually do things . if you don't ... i'm pulling cards today and asking everyone - on a big picture level , how many infjs actually care about this ? we like to seek and recognize patterns , right ? so , how many infjs do you really think ... seeking patterns is easy , but execution is extremely difficult . however , execution is all the only option we have because there is no easy path in life . edit * * to go along with the theme of ... exactly how i feel . i can bring up a subject matter and they can break things down logically . just when things start getting good and i introduce fe for feelings and human aspect , they lose steam ... i will have to get back to you in the morning after i have had my coffee .. too much thinking tonight but veddy interesting ! nice ! i am all about helping others perfect their craft . don't be shy , whenever you want to brush up , just private message me and we can set a time / date . and i won't judge you either - if that puts you at ... can you do a virtual reading ? you can practice on me ! marv , you just messed up and don't even know it ! all that you wrote is literally music to my ears ! : yeah : we could probably spend days chatting about your travels and me picking your brain on ... it's called competence breeding confidence . it's a process in which you have to learn to push past the point of dwelling . this brain-jerk is a result of revisiting your remarks after all the dopamine ... marv hight context alert ! ! ! ( you will have to fill in some of the contextual view points as an infj without me spelling everything out ) let me first break down who i am in terms of the infj ... are you prone to giving unsolicited advice ? alternatively , if you tend to avoid giving advice , why is that ? 2 for 1 answer : i used to have a bad habit of this . but as with anything , you learn to ... '