' t , but it seems like i am only attracted to f's . there was an entj i really liked in high school , but i would feel uncomfortable being in a relationship with him . i don't think he was scrutinizing ... no , not really . i have been to france three times , sweden , jamaica , bahamas , and on a cruise to mexico , belize , and honduras . i have been to canada serveral times . i travelled in western europe with ... oh yes . though my cat of two years is more frustrating than anything else . he is naughty , wants to get out all the time , and only snuggles when he is in the mood to . and he bites . hard . he is so ... she does sound arrogant . maybe her arrogance is masking feelings of inferiority . i had a friend or two in high school who bragged about never having to study and sleeping through class . the one ... a thousand times yes . i hate the shopping , the measuring , following the recipe , twiddling my thumbs while the thing cooks , and the clean-up at the end . not liking to cook has landed me in poverty and ... it's the love of money that is the root of all evil . i identify as an intp . when i first took the test at 15 , i was inxj , but i'm not a j . i'm just not . i also took the hsp test right in front of dr . elaine aaron , the psychiatrist who wrote the highly ... oh ! and also vag , vadge ( shudder ) , and vajayjay . boil ( infection on the skin ) is pretty bad too . and speaking of that , i am not crazy about follicle or follicular either . the main library ? you know what it is ... if you are from a town or city big enough to have more than one library , there are branch libraries all over town , and then there is the main library downtown . i was best friends with an infj for 14 years ... and then came the fallout . she was very , veeerrry intelligent and erudite . i admired that . we were into the same stuff ( mostly musicals ) . she was ... veggies , fridge , and pussy i have done it a few times . i sucked at selling season subscriptions to the philharmonic . i was better at setting up appointments for residential waterproofing . i also worked as a canvasser for water ... i drink a lot of water already , but thanks for the tip . thank you for your replies . when all is said and done , i need to find a reason for losing weight that is stronger than my drive to eat high calorie food . i do not know if that kind of motivation ... i don't know what other people think of my self-control . never asked . as for their opinion of my intelligence , most people say they believe i am intelligent . not sure what that has to do with ... well , i appreciate a reply from an intp who has lost a lot , as i requested . i myself have lost 30 lbs at a time a couple times , but my lifestyle never became an routine or elated , as you said it ... i just want to get you to think . not sure what i intend to accomplish by posting about a confrontation i had today . this is in part to blow off some steam . also , it will be fun to hear your feedback . i am a taxi driver in a ... oops . had something to say to this but then realized your comment wasn't directed toward me . you do look amazing . you were the only person on here who made me laugh . you deserve something for that . you are absolutely right . i am not a dummy . so tell me then , why is it so hard ? seems like the way i would do it , if i could motivate myself to do it . i am not ( nor are many intp's , i imagine ) a weight watchers sort of person . i was exercising until fairly recently . exercise , ... umm , i am 5 ' 9 and a fatass . that's all i care to divulge at the moment . luckily , i carry my weight amazingly well , which might be part of why i lack motivation to change anything . i look like i ... i would have to go up and reread my original post , but i don't think i said i was unable to lose weight . i have done it in the past . if it were easy , as you say , everyone would be thin . you are ... intp and estj ? ooh . good luck with that one . i tend to be wildly attracted to enfp's , but so far they don't reciprocate . a lot of enfp's are too mainstream for me . they would probably see me ... i am a christian . i know what you mean about praying for people we love not to go to hell . i was just talking to a pastor about this very issue . my mother died the first of this month and is in ... the show itself seems rather intp . i have become a fan . i think the little red-haired dick butkus comes off as intp-ish . loved the episode where he just sat staring at pop tarts in a toaster and ... i really want to walk across the country with a big sign that says , tired of being fat . donations gratefully accepted . i have a friend who is willing to drive me in his box truck , and we would ... high fat low carb is probably the tastiest of all the choices , but i tried doing low carb for five days once and was miserable the whole time . i keep hearing you will never be hungry , but in my ... what she said was , you're not a dumb kid . interesting observation about the red bull . huh . i do not drink coffee or tea because i don't like the taste . red bull isn't bad but the calories in it ... i have gained about 125 lbs . since i was at my thinnest . it has taken 13 years ... a slow , steady climb . i had tricks when i was lighter to lose a little , but they were just temporary fixes . i ... when god closes a door , he always opens a window . men are more visual than women . ( referring to sexual attraction ) there is a reason for everything . is it anything like spa palace in nyc ? i drove a cargo van for panther last spring and just started driving a van for fed ex last month . there is a lot i like about it ( mostly the fact that it's just me and the open road ) , and some ... i love most hip hop and some rap . it's r & b i cannot stand . too bad most hip hop stations are hip hop and r & b . some rap is really clever , but it is often hard for me to hear / understand the ... yup . exactly what i thought . so you are a native french speaker ? like i requested ? ( and you have never heard , laissez les bons temps rouler ? wow ) . i have had to upscroll to my original question a few times now . this really is confusing . i was a french major my first two years of college , before i got bored and switched to theatre . i ... thanks for the laugh . your thread title , why do cats like boxes ? just stuck out from the rest of the titles in a stupid-but-good-kind-of-stupid way , and it totally hit my funny bone . estj : heavens no . entj : maybe . i had a hard crush on one in high school . he was brilliant and magical . personally though , i feel that p's need other p's . the j / p thing may not seem like that ... mardi gras is upon us , and i am noticing all these posters that say , laissez les bon temps rouler . isn't it supposed to be laissez les bons temps rouler ? les is plural . temps is plural , in ... could be fun if it was an intp nude dance party . just got my black belt in six sigma today ! going to finsh * the seven habits of highly effective people * by the end of the week . got a little misty at the end of the disney movie * brave , * when you think the mother is going to stay a bear the rest of her life and her daughter is apologizing so sincerely for causing the curse to ... yeah , why is it intp's are so bad at so many things ? why is that ? ? ? i can't force myself to pay attention to street grids much ... and if i do force myself , i find my attention drifting elsewhere ... dear intp , some advice for you . that infj girl you become best friends with in high school ? don't . trust me . don't . try really really hard in your twenties to actually find a career you ... i am a 4w5 and also a ( self-proclaimed ) intp . when i first took the test in high school , i tested inxj , but there is no way i am a j ... and as for being half f , meh ... doubt it . my ex-best friend ... i was in the hospital recently for a gallbladder operation . the nurses started giving me potassium through an iv to get me ready for the operation , and when it hit the tissues in my hand it hurt ... omg that is too funny . love bert being taken away ... and elmo peeking out . omg . when i was little---foreign commercials . there was one from japan where a little boy farted in a bathtub and you could see the bubble rise up to the surface of the water . actually , there was an ... '