' i love this , ana ( : wink : ) ! as you know , i so enjoy intellectual people , and i , as you , tend to prefer people who are open to new ideas--whether or not they have a high iq or a lot of alphabet soup ... i'm close friends with an estp who i think has great fashion sense . he doesn't care a whole lot about clothes , but he's willing to take risks with what he wears , which i think is a lot of fun . he ... yes , i definitely relate to this experience ! if i want something very badly , i make it happen . i find i am extremely strong-willed when i want something and can figure out what needs to be done to ... wow , i love it when people are attracted to me--whether they're attracted to me physically or to my personality . it really makes me feel good to have positive attention and positive feedback from ... what can be really hard for me to accept is when someone doesn't want to be fixed or to fix him / herself . it makes me sad when i can see that there is potential for a person to be more balanced and ... i believe people are born with the ability to seek goodness and to love others . i also believe that when people don't use that ability there is a reason why . i always want to understand what ... ha , you sound like my friend . he prides himself on being sort of a chameleon and prefers to blend into any group of people he happens to be surrounded with . i asked him to explain to me why he ... omg , i loved your story about the wizard of oz ! ! i had the whole thing memorized by the time i was five and i used to introduce myself to strangers as dorothy gale . i had a little blue dorothy ... i shower and do hair and makeup and everything in the same order every day , and there are actually times when i crave routine . i'll experiment with it almost , like picking up a new hobby . when i'm ... hahahaha--this is funny to me because i have a very good friend who is an intj . i never believed him to be fake--in fact , one of the things i respect most about him is that he always seeks to be ... it seems like several people said she might notice something's up but that she likely won't point it out to anyone . but regardless of that , i only intended to address what seem to be your fears in ... based on what you've revealed about this situation , i don't see why this girl would make you feel unwelcome . and i especially don't see why anyone else in the study group would make you feel ... i disagree . . . i mean , i don't think you're being bizarrely obsessive , overly anxious , or melodramatic . you were ( ? ) limerent over this girl--by its very nature limerence is obsessive . there's ... i missed the beginning of the story . . . why on earth are you trying to kill your crush on this person ? and what is it you think she suspects you of--avoiding her or having a crush on her in ... yes . definitely . escapism . i have to remove myself when things get really stressful . i go for a drive or to a place where i can be alone to pray . sometimes i will go shopping--that's my one addictive tendency . i'm tougher than i realize . i'm also tougher than anyone else gives me credit for being . i learned this about myself by enduring some very stressful situations . i discovered i have a very high ... i've always excelled in math classes because i love learning theories and i'm good at abstract thinking . i don't enjoy the practical applications of math , however , and i'm not good at it either . as ... i know there is a god--i believe this with no doubt whatsoever . i also believe god is a conscious energy connecting everyone , not just a force that operates randomly on the universe . i was raised ... welll , i'm not an infj , but holy shit do i rebound ! ! i need the validation of feeling wanted , particularly when i'm at my lowest and going through a breakup . it really helps me heal bc my ... two of my very closest friends are infjs . my relationships with them are two of the deepest i've ever experienced . my infj friends are capable of a depth of understanding about themselves and about ... hahahaha--there are subjects that do this to me too . . . primarily money / finance . anything involving less conceptual information and more little mundane details . i start to lose focus when people ... i get this a lot--almost always from entps ! ! i happen to have several entps in my life , and they make the same assumptions about me that you describe . and i am intelligent--i have always been ... i also live with depression . i have for years . i second / third pink and viva . i will a lot of times bring a pile of work with me to a coffee shop . this kills two birds with one stone . it allows ... nice , when do you start law school ? and who was the other poster--i'd be interested in looking him / her up . i chose to focus on family law , so my love of people definitely helps in many respects ... i'm an enfp attorney--anyone know any other ones ? bc i don't . in fact , sometimes i think i must be the only enfp in the world trying to make it as a lawyer . i find my career to be extremely ... hahahahahaha this happens to me every time my husband wants to talk budgeting ! ! definitely have a tendency to over-share information . but at the same time , i'm not running around handing out my social security number or account passwords ! far from it actually--i'm pretty good ... i've been told by many different people that i'm intimidating . seems to always stem from one of two things--either i'm coming across as really intense and passionate about something or i am too ... i so agree with limlight 3 about wearing things that make me smile ! that is typically my only criterion when i am clothes shopping . i don't usually shop for specific items--i just want to fill my ... i love being around people , but it takes a very long time for me to be comfortable enough with any one person that i will truly open up with them . at the same time , while i am taking my time getting ... i hate talking on the phone . if i'm going to talk to someone , i'd so much rather be able to see them ! i don't typically use the phone unless it's the only way for me to stay in touch with a loved ... i can't figure out how to read you , and it really bothers me ! ( said to me by an entp ) you're really intimidating ( same entp ) i think you're really a natural blonde--are you sure you don't ... welcome--wishing you and your istj the best ! k , i'll send it . talk soon , too ! read an article today about lying and personality type . according to the article , extroverts are much more comfortable lying than introverts ; and intuitive people , those who can read others well , ... love your outfits ! ! ! they all made me smile--you have a cool style :-) i love color and patterns too--and i love mixing unexpected things . this is why fashion is so fun for me ! love them both ! what a fun ring ! ! lols , thanks for the laugh ! ! fashion is my primary creative outlet , and i love to take risks with what i wear . i don't try to define my style , althought i've been constistently described by others as classy and well ... hahaha--love you infjs , too , anahata . you're the best ! ! hi everyone , been lurking around on the forums for a month or so and thought i'd finally introduce myself . i consistently test as an enfp , although for the longest time i was convinced i was an ... you're gonna confront him ? ? ? i don't know , boo . i think you'll really freak him out if you do . he was really trying to let you down easy and not hurt your feelings , i promise . still , i get ... hey , boo ! found ya ! i know i'm not a true entp , but i sometimes masquerade as one , and , as you know , i am very close to at least one myself , so i will tell you what i think i know ! ! keep it ... '