' man expecting they can make rape joke . considering rape is really not a big deal and victims should just shup up and after all it's their fault ? thanks for being a jerk ! and if you are ... tired and excited ! also distracted ! i am moving out so packing boxes and this is a relief because i am so looking forward to be out of this nightmare of a houseshare . i need some time for myself ! ... but maybe that person didn't want their problem to be solved they just wanted to be heard and understood , as like the other offering empathy . often i like to share what i feel with friends that ... thank you for your answer ! and yes you totally get my point i don't think it's necessary to inflict pain in that case , i just want to express my honest feelings . i am also aware this person suffers ... i don't think all infp are this way . i think it also depends who i speak to . sometimes i feel people want me to fit their way of reasoning and then it's rally hard for me to get my point across my ... i had a question . i dated an infj a while back and we broke up in a not so great way it was very intense and a lot of tears were shed when it happened . i was really heart broken . a lot happened since ... thanks for you both ! yeah i think at the end laughing about it might be the best , because he is ridiculous and i feel the more i react the more he gets angry but if i laugh he won't be able to make ... thank you for your response . well the good news is that in two weeks i am leaving the flat i don't know if this was said in my initial post . i thought it would be ok in the meantime , but i am ... so i am going to leave my house in 2 weeks but for the past month the situation with one of my roommate has gotten really bad to the point we were not even speaking to each other anymore . already ... omg so much emotions , i think i like it ! * cuddle back * actually yes ! only with women though and it seems you are one . so that's ok ! also i feel special that drunk parrot mentioned me what is this all about ? do i just have to be myself and through my emotions all around like confettis ? i can do that ! i just got my heart broken ehehe . oh god i have to rewrite this cause half the post got deleted ... so i am confused with an infj girl i like ( guessing her type ) . we met a few weeks back through a friend and went to a couple of ... i relate a lot to this ! if i was totally free with deadline and all , i would take some time to do projects so in a way i liek deadline because the constrains force me to make something . i have a lot ... i will say it's complicated . when they are small ok , i don't mind , but i really don't like them around my space no . i can't really kill them though cause they freak me out so i usually find someone ... actually besides face to face interaction this one of the few i don't mind or even like . i hate messaging , facebook , text whatever ... like way too much potential for misunderstanding and omg so slow ... i like theatre , i try to see how often as i can but i am quite broke . i usually support friends that majored in theatre and go see their shows / performances . i like experimental stuff too . and also ... you are ugly you are dyke pretty much i understand why you would need to distance yourself from your mother . as kids we have little control towards our parents , the control we have is how often we contact them so it makes sense that if ... i think usually when we don't know how to handle our emotion it's because at some point we were told that the way we expressed them was problematic . then we learnt to repress them or started to fear ... do you ever have this feeling , as an infp , that your emotions take over and sort of control you , so control how you see the world and you know it's not necessarily rational but it is what is . i can ... not an infj here but i wanted to ask if it's a typical infj thing to try to improve the situation ? why do you feel compelled to do that ? weird ! it's probably ( hopefully ) not the end but it's not glorious : basically people are dumb ( but we knew that after the 2nd election of g . w bush jr so ... ) the frankfurt school knew trump was coming - ... wow this is a lot to handle for one person . you talk a lot about your brother in this post , to me it seems that your feeling are mixed because a part of you want to cut contact and maybe you feel ... no you are not a bitch , i think you expressed your reason for not wanting contact with him . i don't know your brother but if your relationship is so negative why bother ? sometimes it's as simple as ... wow , your story is quite intense and honestly anyone in your position would feel so overwhelmed ! i don't know you , but the way your write you seem to have a good emotional intelligence and be quite ... it is quite a laughable election . it's quite sad because can we can this a real choice ? but at the end you get the president you deserve . this debate had nothing of a debate anyway it was ludicrous ... yes you did , you just follow the discourse that is victim blaming re read your post and btw i'll report you . honestly take a look at yourself , see how you answer to many survivors of assault in this ... i am really fed up with your own blindness towards your own rhetoric . like victim blaming as its finest . also sorry but comparing bullying which is still a big problem with systemic violance towards ... it's not an easy situation . i do hope you find resolution in these and support and help if needed . the good thing is you seem to be resilient and have a good network of supporting friends , this quite ... you nailed it , it's a good point . also as i explained i thought , that peter was aware that it seems to be an habit for this guy to prey on drunk girls . people like me ? yeah you are right victim survivor of sexual assault , deserve no respect in their opinion . i am not stupid , i didn't say you defended the guy , but that once again someone ( not ... dude it has nothing to do with political correctness to call out the guy for what he did . have you any idea of how often women who are in such situations are constantly blamed , because oh accusing ... as a survivor of abuse i understand that considering it rape can be really difficult because there is a very negative rethoric about victims : they are broken , damaged goods and they asked for it ... oh boy i am really sorry that this happened to you . it is quite clear that even though you might have given consent in regards to kissing , you didn't give consent and apparently even try to leave , so ... ahaha nice way to voice it ! well the thing is i feel that as soon this is ending then i have to dive into things that are also not so fun like dealing with my family and stuff ... but i can also think ... i feel overwhelmed angry and stressed ! i have some exams to finish tonight and i just don't know where to begin i feel like i am climbing the everest . i also work weekends so it's fucking hard and ... funny i grew up in france and i have literally no interest in moving back there at all . ah , feels like reading me ! so you avoid loneliness is that what you are saying ? i think it's a fine balance also with sharing love about letting our guards down . maybe you can do step by step like i ... so why do you think you need ? i could have acted like you i understand you are annoyed . i think it's stupid to answer back if you knew it's bad why did you do it ... well it's the point of making mistakes ! is he mister perfect ? ... well of course , actually i think people bragging are often insecure because they need to prove how awesome they are , if you are confident you wouldn't do that . so you can be humble and stay realistic ... ahahah i feel the same but i am not sure it's an infp thing just an i am insecure thing . for example not feeling worthy or attractive enough for that person . then it's hard to approach them on an ... this is just a generalization , you can be a social introverts . you can be an infp and go out to parties , now if it's not your thing that's a different topic . and there can be as many different ... i am trippin on shrooms its soo nice you should try it ! sooo much fun ! i totally feel you . honestly if people are good to me and hurt me once it's ok i will forgive if the apology is sincere and you seem to be sincere . i would not reconnect if there is constant arguing ... you need to meet theatre people or performance / artsy people . try to find the nearest town with a good art scene if you can't find that where you are ... or move somewhere else if you can , like ... i understand what you say so if i felt really bad and that i did something wrong it could be that at that point i feel the relationship is sort of broken . or i could be ashamed and unsure how to ... '