' i feel kind of separated from everything and everyone , more so than usual , and there's so much work on and too much to do and nobody will gain from it anyway , i've been feeling constantly lethargic ... it's interesting about the finger ratios . mine was 0.90 on the left hand and 0.91 on the right . that's more testosterone in the womb than the average male ... of course ! i didn't mean to imply that . i was kind of going on the scenario of not being able to persuade them otherwise , having already tried . i should've been clearer . i'm a type 9 , so i juggle trying to maintain peace between everyone with my hate for being involved in any kind of conflict . i believe it was someone on perc , and i can't remember who , who once said something along the lines of : everyone's entitled to their own opinion , no matter how prejudiced or wrong they might be ... the side i try to never show is how selfish i am , because that's not a desirable characteristic . i mean , it's not like i'm always selfish or that i always do what i prefer , but there's definitely a ... that's cute ! let him wear what he wants . girls can be tomboys , so boys can wear ' girl ' clothes . shoes are no big deal . if the other kids didn't tease him , nobody's getting hurt . well , chickpea is one . mostly in school my nicknames were banter-like and not serious ( at least i hope haha ): the man , the fat one , thing , the hobbit , etc . in the last battle by c . s lewis , i think it has a good analogy in there , at the end . i can't really remember but it was something to do with a guy who was raised to hate aslan ( aslan = jesus ) and he ... 1 . how idealistic are you ? relatively , quite highly idealistic , compared to what i see from most people . i can tell the difference between ideals and reality , though . ideals are the goal , i keep ... i'm generally a cheerful person - as fun as it was to angst as a teenager , being happy is much much better , so i try to do so . i figure , i'm always worrying if my friends are unhappy , so the least i ... i'm not sure . i tend to vary between knowing what's best for myself and forgetting it , fluidly . i can't seem to work out any correlation of the timing / type of situation , though . i've noticed some of the enfjs ( myself included ) are listed as gender neutral . so , here's a gender test . it's quite long , but different from the usual agree-disagree scale test . here's my ... dear infp friend , thank you so much . you have no idea how much it means that you can swallow your pride and apologise . seriously , i really respect that . and i'm impressed you could even tell that it ... dear infp friend , good plan , why don't you just insult everything i believe in ? sigh . sincerely , chickpeaax . sometimes i just really , really hate human nature . i do tend to think of things as being ' other people ' and then ' me ' . but that's probably because i do think differently from most of the people i know . they're constantly telling me i'm weird . it's ... pretty much this . i have a terrible memory in general , except for direction which i for some reason can remember perfectly ( eg if i were to take a car journey i took once years ago i'd be able to remember the way ... sorry to be the one to introduce the tl ;D r . how bizarre is it that humans have this specific feeling for when they want to be with another person , like that makes no sense , there is no physical ... i don't like showing emotion outwardly . it's stupid , i know , but i feel like a wuss . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFkzRNyygfk dear all perc members , happy new year , ahead of time . unless you're living somewhere where it's already 2012 . i hope it's a good year for you all . new year's resolution : spend more time here and ... dear life , slow down , please ? i miss having free time . sincerely , a chickpeaax who hasn't been on perc for almost a month save for a few lurking occasions and is very sorry to have deserted ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qMXBUjm8tM&ob=av2e fun . - be calm i've reclaimed the use of my imagination for better or for worse , i've yet to know but i always knew you'd be the one to ... welcome to perc ! we should get all the esfjs to , i dunno , gang up and take over . except we'd probably just end up asking people how they feel and then sticking to our own forum again , so hmm . i don't ... i never talk about people behind their backs and when i hear other people doing so , i stick up for the person who's not there , even if i don't like them and think they're in the wrong - everyone needs ... i'd say mostly a with some b ( but not all - i'd ask questions but not give much solid advice because i could give awful advice . i'd ask questions that might lead them to finding their own decision . ) ... welcome back ! i'm sorry for disappearing ! of course it wouldn't be an intrusion ! i didn't mean to disappear completely , i just have a very busy month but i'm still lurking and i'll be back soon ! i'm sorry . dear ... i don't know , someone . november is going to be painfully stressful and i have a lot to do , i didn't say before but i didn't have much time for the internet over the last couple of weeks , ... what ! this song has been in my head for eight hours and i come on here and it's been posted ! xd dear mad world , get out of my head ! you're driving me insane ! sincerely , someone who has had the same song in her head for ... eight hours , now . i miss you . it's ridiculous . you've been away for two days . i spend a lot of days away from you normally , but only now my mind decides to make me miss you ? i don't want to be dependent on one person ... strangely , i seem to rhyme it with ' on ' when singular , and ' own ' when plural . i never realised this until just now . that's a bit weird of me , right ? seriously , does everyone else enjoy ' deep ' conversations ? maybe it's my sensing side , but i hate it . i think about ' deep ' things near constantly , but when it comes to discussing them , everyone ... dear four male friends of unknown personalities , i find it sort of funny that you're gossiping about people we know , while i'm watching football and police chases on youtube . way to break the ... racism is one of the few ways to make me angry ( level 3 anger , as you put it in another thread ) . just reading about this is making my hands shake and that's when i'm nowhere near the situation .   ... gonna be honest , i spend most of my free time on the internet . very sociable , i know . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY-c-_sZ8LI&ob=av2n i already knew what the ending was before playing it ( a friend told me :/ ) so i knew what to expect ... when i was near the end , i wanted to stop playing so that the ending wouldn't happen . but i did ... niccolo machiavelli , you use so many smileys , it's amazing ! dear aizar , thank you ! that means so much to me . thank you ! ! sincerely , a chickpeaax who is getting a bit wobbly and seriosuly appreciating the people on this forum . dear jawz , thank you . so much . seriously . sincerely an exfj who seems to have lost the ability to write proper sentences . i treat it as a joke , laugh it off . ( or , you know , laugh it off internally if it's inappropriate to do so out loud ) . i usually don't take anything personally and it's been said that it's ... dear etherea , jawz , selene , oh my gosh you guys i'm tearing up right now and am so amazed that you care . seriously , you don't know how much that means . gosh . jawz , you guessed right . it was ... tumblr . that is all . exactly . this is exactly me . nobody gets why i don't allow myself to get angry . it's because i know i have to capability to destroy someone when angry . they say fe has a high threshold for ... nooo . i'm a much worse friend than almost all of my friends are . you're so weird thanks for being there for me i'd love to see what goes on in your head . it must be such a happy place . ( i always laugh at this , because on some parts , it is . in other ... '