' a have quite a several enfj friends ... i could see that . while they're with you , they make you feel very important ( and , in that moment , you are to them ) , so it's easy to forget that their capacity ... when you try really hard not to feed the trolls , but feel guilty for snubbing them because trolls have hearts , too . when your nf friends are worn out by your geek-festing and request a normal , ... i have a lousy memory for inconsequential things most ppl consider favors , to the point of wishing others wouldn't do me any , because i never seem to keep track of tally in a socially appropriate ... suspicious of the motives of others rather than poised , thoughtful and insightful . anger or insecurity clouds clarity of understanding . ( this usually stems from betrayal or perceived betrayal in the ... i have a good memory for emotionally charged situations and conversations , or situations that triggered a strong intuitive experience for me . on the other hand : names , dates , that you're allergic to ... pssst : the most healing thing an stp has ever done for me as an infj is to distract me from the swirling vortex of emotional introspection periodically ( not permanently , it's an important part of ... yeaaah , taking someone on as a project is usually a really poor way to begin a relationship . you have to give her space to work it out herself , or you're setting up a dynamic she's going to ... i still have dreams / nightmares about a horrific train wreck of a relationship i had with an intj in high school . i'm not even mildly attracted to him anymore , it's just that i was so ridiculously ... no , no ... i meant , that's how some fi users seem to respond to fe . i agree with your conclusion 100 % . : wink : i was in a hurry and worded it poorly . initial infj / istp attraction can be a little whirlwind-ish , partially because the istp is all mysterious and intriguing to the infj , and the istp finds the infj new and exciting . after that wears ... i have weird associations in my brain ... i tend to assign numbers , days of the months , months of the year , certain words , lyrics of a song a certain place in space . like , on a 3d grid , they have ... my si is pretty crappy to nonexistent . it's kind of humiliating sometimes . could it be an enraged fe ? come back here , dammit , and be reasonable ? if so , that's really horrific , isn't it ? ... i'm fairly certain after years of reading / dabbling that i'm infj ( which i realize is suspect because of the unrealistically high number of people , especially females , claiming to be infj , for ... i work hard to let my i want to care for you and love you and self-disclose and weave bff bracelets come out of the bag slowly . it's hard sometimes ; an enfj friend and i were just talking about ... adding to the thoughts already here , i've noticed that my enfj friends tend to apply their intuition the most practically of all the nfs , at least . they're deeply intuitive , but are generally ... i guess i'll have to break the trend ... i have a really difficult time making sure communication doesn't totally break down in my attempted isfj relationships . we get along fine , mostly , but there's ... well ... being that i'm infj , i tend to get wordy , and a lot of what i'm communicating gets lost when people's eyes glaze over . so , i was thinking doing more excerpts , like , enps tend to test limits ... dear lord . what on earth have i done ? : frustrating :: blushed : i'd try to explain more , but i'm afraid it would only muff things up worse . i should probably say something witty right now , but i've got ... whereas , as an infj , i find meaning in connecting with others ... it's when i feel closer to the meaning of things , or what have you . :) my fi friends have mentioned fe feeling fake to them , because it's * so * invested in the other , and that seems hinky to them . i think fe comes off as insecure ; if the fe user would simply gain some ... f posts are more accessible . that doesn't make them better , mind you . i enjoyed the original post ; thinking , digesting . i'm a hippy at heart , really . so , a definite no to putting on airs with clothing / possessions / etc . still , i do sometimes feel little regal or benevolent sometimes while i'm walking down the sidewalk ... dang it . i was worried it might come off that way . it sounded like such a good idea in my head ... : frustrating : sometimes , i hate this stupid world . carry on . edit : aw , crap . i was asking for pics to use in a parenting enps how-to , but didn't think that through very well . arg . i swear i'm not a creep ! : frustrating : i suppose ( and this is probably a function of infj + depression ) that i have to question * everything * , because i want to know the answers , dammit . even if it hurts . or so i thought . then , today , ... i agree that we all have our complexity . i wouldn't call myself simple , but i'm not going to pretend to have more to offer in some way than others , for sure . other types , to me , have a simpler ( more ... i dunno . since i don't have all the information of the universe , i might not automatically toss the idea of sacredness , but .. it may not look like what i assumed before . i think it would look more ... i think it especially hurts my heart to look at my children , who i love so much , and think that they're somehow less worthy of love or less special ... or something . they're still just as wonderful to ... i'm not sure , nordic . i think , for me , a sense of love has come from creating perfect pictures in my head about how love should look , and it was very impersonal ( read : safe ) , and i could put a nice ... ok , i'm going to preface this with the fact that i'm 7mo postpartum and probably a little fragile , so i'm not going to be able to receive any amount of harshness without it sending me into a ... misha - watched the video this morning , and it was really timely for me right now . i was actually up at 1am last night crying ( something i don't do a lot ) on the phone with a friend , having an ... fwiw , i'm usually well aware of my own flaws ... painfully aware of them , actually . i hear what you're saying , and agree with parts of it , for sure . i'm not certain , though , that i could transform my ... so . i'm working on this in my personal life : trying to be emotionally full and confident without the need for affirmation from others , particularly the ts in my life who have no issue constantly ... hence my comment about it being a personal problem ... i was mostly just pointing out that bad parenting isn't type-specific . whelp ... you can do things the hard , intense , explosive way ( marry young and then learn about yourself while marrying someone else who is also just figuring out themselves ) or you could do it the ... i'm an infj married to an istp , and , yeah ... that may be an individual problem thing . i'm definitely picky about how i handle problems with our kids and more sensitive to their needs / upsets / wiles than ... dear precious giant j 3yo ... your mom loves the stuffing out of you , and i think you're so good and smart . however , if you throw your food on the floor once more because it doesn't meet some ... dear offspring's new art teacher and cashier at the grocery , you restore my faith in random encounters with humanity . that makes my evening a lot happier . good for you and carry on ! - fuzzy on ... i did my own . holy carp . the 11 life path is a little spooky-accurate for me . : shocked : i guess it would never occur to me to nitpick someone else in order to connect with them , at least not as a first line of action . i banter back with those who do it , but , generally , i find it ... now , i kind of do ! : laughing : i've watched one of my istj friends flirt , and it's weird flirting . she loves to point out people's factual and grammatical errors , and she always does it with a twinkle in her eye and with the best ... april 4th . : kitteh : made a bunch of phone calls i'd been putting off , enrolled one kid in dance and one in pottery classes . even went and met their teachers to be ... nice people . :p roud : i've never regretted making the ... i hate parties , and avoid them at all costs , but if i'm at one , my fight instead of flight looks like crazy insane fe + se abandon . oooh , feel this , taste this , wheee ! let's smile together and ... nodding over previous posts about accepting help without strings attached . i'm horrible at the social you scratch my back , i'll scratch yours , because i'm not really sure i'll be able to dredge up ... see , my fe is pretty alive and kicking , so me and my entp daughter enjoy tickle fests and ridiculous jokes and generally shocking people for fun . she brings that out in me , and i love her for it . i ... if you're into smut , there's better smut out there . the writing was abysmal . i rolled my eyes four times in the one page i read , and then got a headache . if i'd read the whole book , i'd probably be ... if i can understand a behavior , i can forgive it , absolutely , and do so frequently . however , i've forgiven a lot of people who i don't have a relationship with anymore . for instance , an entj ... bright ocean colors . corals , seafoam , butter yellow , clean plum purples , chocolate browns , navy blue . i like things that are either feminine-looking or with clean , simple lines . i'm not really a fan ... '