' managed to not get cornered by riot police , do need to buy a zoom lens . ime si users are very in their own heads about sex ... it's almost like they're playing some kind of memory-movie in their minds rather than paying attention to what's in front of them . se users ... i think paper books are easier to take notes in and the difference in medium alone improves my focus , so i prefer them when it's convenient to get them , but for reasons of space / economy / y'know i ... i rarely speak about my interests with anyone , because it seems like i rarely find anyone it's useful to speak about them with . it's possible i'm being arrogant and passing over opportunities that ... even if people are naturally independent , if they're realistic too they will tend to focus on reasonable / functional rather than absolute independence . people too hardcore about it hobble themselves ... https://media.tenor.com/images/af55a7beafc554491c948a927c968811/tenor.gif taking ichazo's work on its own , this stuff never really seemed hard to me in theory . ( but like all archetypal systems , it shouldn't be reified and realistically it will sometimes have to be fudged ... similar to what figure indicated , i don't think it's that there are so many sx intjs , i think it's that many people fail to understand how soc can operate in independent introverts and assume they ... so / sx 5 , and also a strong introvert mbt / jcf-wise if you want to mix theories , and i wouldn't necessarily say i'm less withdrawn overall . it seems like so doms can be very acutely sensitive to other ... infp ( mother ) + estp ( father ) = intj ( me ) , xntj ( sister ) esfx ( maternal gma ) + ? ? ? ( paternal gpa ) = infp xnxj ( paternal gma ) + xstx ( paternal gpa ) = estp i wear a hat shield every day . : ninja : new acquaintance collects selfies with wandering weirdos . i tried to smile when he asked , it was as painful for me as it looks . https://i.imgur.com/1KEjorJ.jpg i don't really ' change my emotional mind ' as often as some ( most ? ) people do either , i've noticed , but i have still found that there's a correlation between how openly i express something and how ... i'd like to think i don't have a lot of these that are petty . phrases that are commonly used to shut down conversation by passive-aggressively making it impossible for the person they're directed at ... it's been a stressful year , and knock on wood , but it seems some kind of cosmic click is taking place . i've been catapulted into finally starting my ms in data analytics and a trip i've wanted to ... lol it's not actually hard tho : how to succeed at things that supposedly take years of training while people with years of training give you side-eye i don't think my wardrobe is very cohesive at the moment . although my actual taste is pretty distinctive saving time , saving money and being practical all override my other preferences , or have ... no hate but i find i don't understand si and fe . the experience of what it must be like to use them really eludes me . si is easier to co-exist with because it's perceptive rather than judging , but ... this is all accurate to my experiences ( internal and external ) as well . i also don't think concern about being judged is specifically related to being a 5 ( nor , actually , do i think it's ... i'm more preoccupied with issues of shame / uniqueness than most other fives , put simply . dislike isn't something i feel very strongly usually anyway . i do what i need to do to accomplish what i feel i need to accomplish , or at least that's the ideal . i will try new things for the sake ... i kind of have a bell curve going if you look at level of appreciation for me v . how well the person knows me / how open i am . i'm extremely distant so people who don't know me well think i'm a bit of ... feeding ni passively ( podcasts , documentaries , etc . ) feeding ni actively ( reading , learning new skills ) data analysis and pre-analytic engineering philosophy art shit ( photography , wood carving , ... by modern us standards , at least a 7 or 8 , if i'm going to try rating it that way . i'm not going to post too many melodramatic details but neither of my parents are functional people , both were meth ... as far as i know enneagram type isn't ( theoretically ) more transient than mbti . * but it's different - more about motivation whereas mbti , if you go as far as cognitive functions , is about thought ... ymmv on what you want to call it but being concerned about aggression from a fellow customer in a public place when you complained to him about wait time , unless there was a response that indicated ... it sounds like irrational fearfulness is a feature of his personality and you're aware of it so i don't think i have much more to add . for realism's sake i'm compelled to say that being a minority ... i get what you're saying about intj intentions being misapprehended , and that can be a problem , but ironically this anecdote just makes me wonder if your friend is irrationally afraid of black ... if it makes you feel any better , the extent to which non-compete contracts are enforceable varies a lot . they're often used just to cow employees that aren't aware of how to get around them into ... lol , if someone loses interest in you once you're gotten , in whatever way and at whatever speed , it's near invariably because you weren't innately interesting to them . although you shouldn't ... it really just depends on what you mean by strong . there isn't any function i wholesale dislike or any category of [ function ] users i wholesale can't appreciate . asses for every seat and what ... there's no way to know exactly why he did it without asking , which he clearly doesn't want you to do , so just try not to worry about it . maybe his mentality has changed , his life circumstances ... i give apologies any time i think i've made a mistake and someone has been unfairly disadvantaged by it and i expect * them when circumstances are reversed . * well , that is , i don't expect them in ... yep , i do . but i don't think health of coping mechanisms is mostly defined by personality type . i had to get over not liking to talk about my feelings at least in certain contexts ( therapy , for ... intj - i can come across as quite sensitive / nervy . i am quite sensitive / nervy . but they're separate observations : at any given moment , if i seem confident i'm probably more insecure than i ... i relate to this a lot . the cost-benefit analysis i do is automatic and implicit for the most part - like carrying dowsing rods when interacting with the person and watching them like a hawk . it ... 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? cellphone alarm , dog interference prevents snooze from working because he's learned that alarm = take a wiz . 2 . which historical ... i'm very good at ending things once i've decided to do it . i like to give people the benefit of the doubt , and occasionally have given them more than they've earned . that just reinforces my ... might interest you . it did me , because it's a nice consolidation of an argument i spent a lot of time making as a teenager ... which was of course due entirely to foresight and had nothing to do with ... i really think the most prominent characteristic of my overall focus on aesthetics is that when i'm paying attention i'm really paying attention and when i'm not paying attention , i'm not paying ... the interesting thing about spite is that it isn't manipulative . usually people that do it are beyond trying to get anything from you . it's about hurting and nothing else . and i find it difficult ... symbolically , it kind of implies a parental dynamic ... children look up to parents , physically . in practice , if you really want to speculate about our distant evolutionary past or whatever , i'm ... maybe stereotypically , but as someone who is petite , i think this is only half right in reality . i don't really feel the need to assert dominance as such most of the time let alone do so overtly ... intj - i don't care for it when i think it's being used in an infantilizing way , but also recognize that it's usually just used as an equivalent to guy because it's single syllable and starts with ... others - not important except in a sexual context , * very important in that context in the sense that there must be a minimum amount of sexual attraction for me to consider being with them in that ... i don't know that i can strictly get them met through one-on-one relationships , but the orientation of my instinct is extremely abstract / large-scale . it's a drive to be useful to ... not that protective . 99 % of things done in living spaces don't require advanced systematizing and worrying about it is something i'd consider a misapplication of my time . i try to keep my ... fi , se , and i like other people with dominant intuition whether or whether not it's oriented the same way . myers-briggs dichotomies and jungian cf tests don't really give readings on the same thing . they're essentially separate typology systems with a confusion of shared terminology ( ditto socionics ) ... i had an argument with a girl in my kindergarten class about this . her mlk day coloring book picture turned out more true-to-life looking than mine so i guess she won . '