' there ’ s analyzing the behavior when faced with a situation and then there ’ s analyzing how trauma affects the behavior when faced with a situation . let ’ s say , behavior is b , trauma is t , situation is ... yeah but why was he a driven achiever ? tim was emotionally neglected as a child , and dixon and his editors ( one of whom had a social worker for a wife as explained in one of the fanmail of robin , ... oh i see . the problem i have with the red robin series is that while there were excellent parts , there were times that were pretty ooc ( like when tim says steph is useless , while he can be ... isn't he more of an isfp ? he seems more like fi-se than ti-se which continuity are you looking at when typing them ? may i ask what those are ( i can't seem to load the pages and i'm curious as to how tim could be entj ... unless it's n52 / rebirth ! tim then , i see why , ( but for preboot i'm thinking of high ti low fe any ... i've really been into daiya no ace - ace of diamond lately and been wondering about the characters types . i tried the search system but only found one post that had miyuki as an entj ( it does fit ... i have a depression and as such have symptoms such as feeling numb , loss of all and any motivation ( like , not in a lazy way , in a i can't seem to actually care way . i have always been lazy and don't ... i've always been curious in a ' oh another way to see the world seems interesting ' however i've never nor am i ever going to smoke or do anything . 1 . because my body is easily addicted ( chocolate , ... i liked elementary school ( well except a few month during my last year ... and the food it was awful , well not american school awful but i can't eat fish anymore because of it ) . most of my teachers ... never ... well except that one time but we were told we didn't have class so it wasn't on purpose . so if you except those times i was sick never ... physically ( because i was asleep or daydreaming a lot ... my isfp mom wanted me to share ( feelings , views , whatever ) , because she wanted to know me as a person . so i actually liked talking about politics , art , science or books , movies , ect ... talking about ... hi intp daughter with an isfp single mother . our relationship was actually really good ; i mean sure i did tend to annoy her because we were deeply different ( let's just say that she felt like ... i can't really recall everything . too many books read , even if enjoyed , after a while you forget them . 0-6 the books i enjoyed the most were the caroline & juliet stories ( i don't know if they're ... i don't know about others , but i don't really care if something is mainstream or not . however , a work that is mainstream often comes with 1 . awful interpretation from readers 2 . seeing too much of ... hmm as far as female intps go they're really really rare ( i mean intp are rare enough in a non-robot way ) . gotta agree that luna lovegood is an intp , so is tiffany aching from the discworld ... i've read this post on tumblr it's about how the main characters of winnie the pooh ( except christopher ) each represent a diffferent function , let me copy / paste it : pooh ( si ) x93it is more fun to ... yes i'm an intp raised by an isfp and one of my best friends is an isfp too ( also got an istp as pretty much sister kinda friend and infj dad and step mom ) . my mom is one of the people i had ... yes and no , technically i'm almost a textbook intps but i sometimes have doubts about being an entp , an istp or an intj . in the end i always go back to intp . i've done different tests ... lots of them ... i'm not gonna nitpick on your reasons ' cause enough people did it already so i'm just gonna humor you : 23 , student in psychology ( former history of arts student ) , basque ( spanish then french side ) , ... i don't know if some of you read boku no hero academia without taking the functions into account deku seems like an istp , bakugou seems estj i'd like to help but ... i've always seen myself as the parent's friend who ends up being called aunt something , because i know all my faults and i'd definitely wouldn't want to burden a kid with that ... hm in my last year of elementary school for some reason most of my ' friends ' began to bully me ... i was already not a very social person but it sure worsen after that ... it wasn't much but when some ... isn't edward more of an entp ? and alphonse seems infp like truthfully i don't consider it to be either of our faults , when he and my mom broke up she got to keep me because she was the only one financially stable and she wanted my education to be only done ... which one :p ? i think what made it worse was that he wasn't the one raising me so in a way it felt like he really didn't have a right ( well even less of a right ) to be like that . and on his side it was probably ... i like romance in novels ( so long as it's not overbearing ) but romance novels not so much ... do western animated movies count ? if so belle from disney's beauty and the beast and hiccup from how to train your dragon . otherwise l from death note , shiro from no game no life ( funky mbti in ... well most of my friends have fun calling me a ' guy in a girl's body ' . however i get along a lot more easily with women than men . maybe because most of my friends are t-dom . but truthfully i have a ... native french speaker who speak fairly well english , i can understand spanish fairly well but sadly have trouble speaking it . on the side i'm learning basque ( euskarian ) and italian and though i ... depending on my mood i either choose an elf / archer , a mage or some sort of paladin / knight . personally i'm just gonna go see big hero 6 to spite the people i know who wanted me to go see 50 shades of domestic abuse with them does the internet count as socializing ? we'll say yes , then so long as i have books + music ( or movies ) i can last at least two weeks at least . i don't need others , but i actually like talking to ... i don't know about others but i'm interested in pretty much everything . how many ' fucks ' i give about it as to actually research and / or listen depends on my mood really . usually philosophy or ... well my dad typed infj , truthfully we're a lot alike but he's too ... i wouldn't say righteous but ... actually he kinda is . he tries to control everything and can be very close minded so obviously we ... it's just about the us which in itself is biased ( even more so if you add ... well most of the comments on these four pages ) . i mean even if you just think of the studies level part ... university ... when even though you had a migraine that completely shut down your brain during work to the point of being sent back home by your boss and the first thing you do when getting there ( 30 minutes ) is to ... normally i have up to 150 tabs or something ( i'd say between 70 and 150 ) ... now i discovered too many times which allows me to fall down to 30 ... then in a matter of minutes i find the way to go back ... i never felt that affected by the concept of death . pretty much all the old ones in my family that died were people i was close to . when i was five my great grandmother was someone whom i had a ... i realized ( well i knew it before since it's always been obvious but it really struck me this morning ) how much of a mommy's girl i've always been ... in this case having an understanding , tolerant , ... dunno , as far as i go i like most sports unless i'm forced to run all the time ( especially if a ball is involved ) i used to like basket ball and volleyball but having to do it for a grade kind of ... as i said i only said that from my experience as my mother was probably ( without using the 8 functions , as i haven't tried that on her yet ) an infp bordering on istp so that might have helped . while ... true but it actually helps because there's some sort of tolerance when you stumbles upon words that helps you get closer and understand that person when helping them . then again my opinion is only ... but wouldn't you get better as time passes by ? my cousin isn't very good in english but he and his girlfriend are communicating in english and they've been together for 7 months now . and he's ... not really . i was raised by someone who got kind of frustrated by my lack of communication while living in an environment that allowed it ( she was the opposite ) . but i've been interested into ... fp parents will have more chance at getting through to their intp child and be way more respectful of their needs than an fj parent . ( from personal experience ... or as my step mom called it : the ... i can't find the article i was looking for ... i think it's this one but as i can't access it i can't be sure : alcock , m . w . & ryan , p . m . 127884 alcock , m . w . & ryan , p . m . ( 2000 ) . attention deficit ... well there was a study about it done in the united states or canada or ... well it was an english speaking country at least ( i'm trying to research it to give you a link but i only remember having ... 1 . no - because i'm not a murderer - because i believe remorse / guilt is definitely one of the worst punishment someone can get because they're actually punishing themselves and if they're dead ... '