' you are not at fault for your imperfections you are stronger for having them they have played as much a part in making you who you are as the air you have breathed to stay alive do not ... infj - 6w7 4w3 9w1 - sp / sx / so currently getting my bachelors in professional geosciences . going to go for my phd in geology . i love what i study . there's so much breadth of the field of geology ... my fiance is intp , and it's really awesome . i like being around him and practically watching the wheels turn as he thinks about things . he has always had a different perspective of the world than ... i think i was being too vague o . o that's what i was implying anyway . why ? are you ? > ~ > apparently that type of reflection isn't usual in the people i generally talk to in everyday life . which is strange too . it's impossible for me to right these wrongs that i feel i committed when i ... i wish that i didn't feel so guilty where i am today when i remember all the things that i did in the past due to my old personal values and theology . it's hard to stand here now and rationalize the ... dear hashimoto's , for so many years we have fought . we've battled through those cold nights , the nerve-wracking stresses of life . you've stabbed me with pain in the chest , pulled at my joints ... my mother is an entp ... she thinks she's something else . i know she's not . she drives me insane despite the fact that we can understand each other well when we're not talking about something she ... thanks for bringing this up . cause i hadn't even thought of it . ( yayme for assuming everyone did this ... : confused :) just today at work someone was venting and i gave them a heads up when i ' sensed ' ... in opinion and perspective , margin for error is already implied . i see what you're saying , truly . however , at some point a line must be drawn between what can be considered healthy and what can ... the asshole part in this comes when the people or persons i feel are crossing the lines of my morals / values / etc try to be passive aggressive or undermine my authority or imply that i'm not a sane ... yes , everything can be different depending on a person's perspective . however , if they ask me , they're asking my opinion . that'll be my perspective and how i see it based on the experiences and ... dear mrs . denial , you'll get to watch me turn to stone . and you'll wonder why . you'll wonder if it's your fault . and maybe you'll feel something ... if you mature even a little . if . this thing you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9FmOc0ofGc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZKExBzDbzM&feature=share aha ... hahahahaha ... ahaahahaha ... i've been called arrogant , rude , condescending , apostate , etc ... just to name a few . half of these were from family members who i was in the process of ... try not to let the how get in your way . sometimes just slapping paint on something with no rhyme or reason is satisfying and beautiful enough . i've even used food color in the past . honestly i have noticed this to a point . even with myself , as i've gotten older and have gone through more , i've become a far more level person . and with that , i've been able to calm people down ... happy neck killing in advance . i'm pretty sure a few of these are sideways . http://i.imgur.com/DHFXNal.jpg http://i.imgur.com/D3SHvQ2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/9gFjMOe.jpg ... at the moment i might have a guilty obsession in the mathematics department . : unsure : yeah . i keep trying . and doing . and proving people wrong ... but my body is starting to say ' no ' . just had 2 mris done today . my spinal cord is compressed in more than one place . going to keep ... when we stop wishing and start doing ... we see a lot more results . i no longer wish or dream . i work hard and aspire for greater things . they are my ' future reality ' not dream . they will happen . or i ... so much information ... ( me in school ) righteous anger burning tears the mind may forget but in the heart it is forever seared even in the traitor's absence the fire burns strong never again i promise this is the last one . for a long long time . but . gh0st http://listenonrepeat.com/watch/?v=vqPT3CoptdU#Jamie_Woon_-_Night_Air_ [ hq ] i don't understand why i'm just so angry i guess i can't vote for treebob to scare everyone and name himself krampus ... i'll take gnomeflakes whenever you feel like changing mine . i'm finding that lately i'm needing security in my life more and more . i don't like variables . i don't like ' if ' or ' maybe ' . i like having decisions made . and if they're not , i'm an emotional wreck . ... invictus by * william ernest henley out of the night that covers me , black as the pit from pole to pole , i thank whatever gods may be xd indeed lol ! yes . ( i should honestly be sleeping though ) both really awesome movies . but frozen was great too ... and then young siblings and cousins continued repeating the music for 3 months . : crazy : trust me , it just gets better . :) * glomps and hugs you like you're a teddy bear * it'll all be okay eventually . 34 agape , 31 storge , 26 eros , 23 mania , 11 ludus , 11 pragma i think i overdid it on the post . : unsure : gonna go sleep now , sorry . i don't know if i've posted in this thread yet , but i know i've wanted to . there's been a lot of changes in my life during the past couple years . and honestly , the only time i felt supported , or any ... i stand here but i'm screaming i smile but i'm cursing i laugh but my tears drown every ocean you stand there but you're judge and juror you smile with you i experience life differently . i'm actually awake ... not skating through the mundane efforts of daily life . i feel like an exposed nerve . and i love it . i really love my intp . like someone said , they are in their own heads a lot . but when the conversations and communication starts flowing it's fantastic . not to mention brainstorming for the sake of ... i am the lurker . there is no truth aside from the one we believe . there is only fact & consequence . truth has become meaningless . now i'm hungry and i don't even want to consider eating ... it's never been my problem ... tmw you realize that other infjs use tmw too also i hate my body . i've never been this weight . people always say to love your body no matter the size . but for me it's not asthetic ... fuck this shit ... now to put things into terms that people probably won't be able to understand ... when the void says nothing , feels nothing , yet sees all , the world wants to shrink from ... insomnia , how i loathe thee https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuugyqzqYdM i really hate spending money . but on the plus side , my phone that has been cracked and glitching for the past year is going to be replaced . yay . and upgraded ... double yay . why so long ? cause i ... heh , she's young ( 12 - ish ) and we were playing a game ( which makes me feel retarded for having an issue with her bad sportsmanship ) . i found it really strange that i had such a viceral reaction to her ... nothing like getting upset over a younger sister making fun of you and laughing obnoxiously to make you feel childish again . i should really have thicker skin . so much for trying to open up . no words to talk about it ? you must have a reason to doorslam a person . what is doorslamming anyway ? just not talking to that person anymore or is it going out in a blaze of fury ? [ / quote ] hehehe , ... '