' well i am addicted to her ! its no horse , bull , or any kind of shit ! definitely not routine . who can get bored of good sex ? i desire to fuck the shit out of my gf ... too bad we are at a pause . fml : crying : it would take several pages to describe what i need to do ! in a nutshell , there are issues in my life that needs closure before i can continue a healthy relationship with my babes . those issues in my ... we took a pause because my issues were affecting her physically , spiritually , and emotionally . we are in a classic toxic relationship . i need to get my shit together if we want to be great ... i desire the welling being of my gf even if it is without me . : crying : yes ... always a yes lol first ; if you wanted folks to reserve judgement about your opinion , then you probably shouldn't have posted . second ; i assume you didn't do a google search on the book . you seemed well verse at ... the op must have read sex at dawn . monogamous for me please . i can't imagine someone else banging my babes ( yes i'm possessive ) and its good to know if we are committed to monogamy , the risk of ... missing my gf : sad : for me regret is far worse . buy gold and silver whenever you have the urge to splurge . put everything on automatic also . nah ... all the way ! like i said , we believe we are monogamous nymphomaniacs . we have a problem ! lol i know it sounds unbelievable but its very true ! we have tried that catch up thing only to result in further injury ! yes its full blown sex . talking penetration with release . we believe that ... i used to be caught up to the pick up industry but not full force . i learned a lot from books , videos , and pua friends on how its done and i used it for my own good . even though i am an entp , me e ... we used to , but we were just friends back then . she lives 2 miles from me so we get to spend a lot of time together ;) sex is never boring unless the couple drives it to boredom . my girl and i average 5 times a day . yes 5 times a day and there is nothing that we rather do . sex to us is an expression of how we feel ... i am an entp with an isfj gf . we are both dtf and it doesn't matter anywhere or if there is people or not . sometimes we do the romantic thing just to insure that we are normal . how can you ... when you walk around the house naked with the curtains open during rush hour ! have they been happily married ? if so , that give my babes and i hope . i always had to be ready on command with my isfj babes ! i am wondering how my isfj girlfriend is doing with our pause . its been 5 days without contact and i could only imagine what she is feeling and thinking . : sad : i am an entp that has ltr with an isfj . i told her the same thing that we should have a pause with no contact . however that didn't mean that we were to explore other people . i for one cannot imagine ... just saw it this morning . everything it says is spot on . : sad : 3w2 , 8w9 , 5w6 . call me a prude but i wouldn't do it . find a chick , love her , then make love to her . good sex only 2 to 3 times a week ? pffttt ! ! my babes and i have done it over 2,500 times in 16 months and it never ... i have had 3 partners in my 13 years of having sex . all of them ltr's and i have never been promiscuous . with that said , i have never been more sexually activated with my babes ( right now our ... her father in own words was a scumbag . the guys of her past and her male friends are all promiscuous scumbags . i am not a saint . however i never cheated and by cheated i mean kiss , make out , screw , ... the other day i decided it was best for my isfj girlfriend and i to put our relationship on pause . what you said is so true . we are simply too different in very fundamental ways . in fact , she has ... for the first time in my life i saw a family , security , and pure love . the big picture had her engraved in it . right now i am not thinking clearly . my heart is heavy and all i can think about now is ... don't mean to resurrect and old post , but can i can see a lot of great insight here . please check out this post ... i need help : sad : ... 5421454215 i am head over heals over my girlfriend . we have been together for over a year and i have learned a lot about myself over the duration of our relationship . however , not everything is the color of ... '