' know any extroverts you can hang around with ? let them get the ball rolling and you jump in when you feel comfortable . find conversations of subjects you know a lot about - - when i find one , i ... ^ this . religion stifles the spirit . takes away your freedom . puts you in a box . this summer i took a trip to washington d . c . while in the area we visited gettysburg ( civil war battleground ) . i ... our own sela over a thousand posts ! congrats ! : happy : : cool : didn't mean to make you : blushed : : tongue : you don't give a lot of detail . are you sure in some way you aren't provoking this behavior ? are you doing something he doesn't like ? we are big on rules . don't break them . istj's aren't exactly ... i love it ! lengthy , : tongue : but how perfect . : crazy : : laughing : learn from the best - - an istj that btdt ! it's him . i want things a certain way , but i also realize i cannot control others . young people should be guided for life on their own . not abused mentally or physically . has he been this way your ... i believe that that is what niss wanted . why he felt he could step away . he got us talking . contributing as a community . there'll always be others that understand better . contribute more . but we all ... perhaps the female istj's can help you more . i'd say be direct . have you told her how you feel ? excellent ! how not to go crazy when surrounded by incompetence . how to deal with the inevitable depression we bring upon ourselves . social skills . i feel there's been a disturbance in the forcex 85 thanks niss ! i'm better for knowin ' ya ! the first paragraph sounds like me in any occasion i have to leave the house , outside of work or sports lol ! i don't mind attending parties where i know a lot of people . if we all have a common ... lego , or any other building set of that era . hot wheels / matchbox cars . bicycle - - my parents only had to buy me one as a kid , the rest i garbage picked and put together myself . i loved to ... bingo ! me too ? ! : laughing : in my mind , i'm already gone ! - - cosmo kramer wow ! you people are . . . just like me ! : laughing : the wife usually doesn't give me a hard time for purchasing anything - - she knows i've researched the hell out of it . my friends have even ... i'll go with what niss and sela said . i also detest interviews . i am really uncomfortable talking about myself . but , you need to work , so bite the bullet . this shouldn't be too hard for you , it sounds like you've found it to be a step ... she's an enfj . like any relationship , both parties have to work at it . ^ this + 1 : tongue : heck , i just saw the title of this thread and started drinking ! good advise ! i use tell my enfj wife that a lot . i'm not sure if it's me understanding and following the randomness better , her doing it less , or just another compromise in our life together , ... help ! i feel an emotion surfacing ! : shocked : 1 . stubborn , 2 . perfectionist , 3 . nice not 1 . outgoing , 2 . spontaneous , 3 . unintelligent agreed . agree also . i've been a cat person all my life too . btw , my wife and kids are talking about getting a dx85 dx85 dx85 dog : shocked :: unsure : to replace our cat we had to put down . any tips on ... sounds familiar . my wife gives me a hard time about always ordering the same thing from the local chinese restaurant : crazy : http://i458.photobucket.com/albums/qq304/Cyclepsycho/MiddleAges.jpg you know niss , this was over five paragraphs : tongue :: crazy : the temperament pattern you rated highest : stabilizer the temperament pattern you rated second : theorist and chart-the-course i ... http://cinemafanatic.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/moonstruck_feodor_chaliapin.jpg i'm so confused : confused : long live the internet ! ( shopping , that is ! ) : wink : time together is the best gift . i'd buy something that involves spending time together . for example , i bought a high sensitivity gps unit for my whole immediate family to spend the afternoon in the ... here's a place ( from a google search ): australian catalogue : home i also have the same music , food , clothes , etc … phases . wow , responses ! i figured i just get a lot of thanks : laughing :: tongue : good point ryan ! oops , i meanx 85 ^ this . an istj coworker of mine , who is a member here also , and i were discussing these two posts : # 1 # 2 i know both of us frequent this forum daily . we both felt we often agree with something already ... i think i'll go ride my bike : happy :: tongue : yeah , we proved we could do thatx 85 no need to do it again : wink :: wink : now it's beginning to assemble the bucket list . : laughing : actually , your both right . metabolism does slow with age and people tend to do less as they age ( but i wouldn't insinuate an istj is lazy ) . spend more ( calories ) than you take in . simple . btw , ... a lot easier to think and type , then thinking of what to say and getting behind in the conversation : crazy : howdy hi there ! love the new avatar qadosh : laughing : favoritism . seems every manager i've ever had is guilty of this . worse yet , the favorites are usually incompetent at their job . but since they are in the social clique , things get buried and ... cool app sela , thanks ! along the same lines , i visit this website daily : astronomy picture of the day exercise is an excellent depression fighter . my bike has been a savior . unless , of course , ... miss ? o . k . my immediate family . others , i may say miss , but it's more of a wonder how they are . i'm horrible at picking up the phone and calling people ( even answering the phone for that ... reminds me of the quote : never argue with an idiot , they will knock you down to their level , then beat you with experience . ^ me this . i also have a tough time with confrontation because i ... i was strictly amateur . i started late ( 32 ) . when i was young i knew nothing about racing . you didn't hear anything about it then , like you do now ( thanks greg , lance ! ) . the pros are just light-years ... grunge nerds lol ! i used to competitively race bicycles ( still dabble in it now and then ) . i love the speed and athleticism involved . if you understand the sport , it's actually a rolling chess match . each move ... we had to put him down yesterday . : sad : http://i458.photobucket.com/albums/qq304/Cyclepsycho/DSC0007.jpg welcome ! it's amazing how much you'll find out about yourself here - - enjoy ! you doubt your an istj when . . . you've taken the mbti test so many times , your ip address is now one of the questions : shocked :: crazy : first off , as a printer by trade , thank you for at least looking at the manual : wink : like the others said , it really depends on the application . me too ! i'm kinda partial to them myself :p roud : lucky me x85 my wife is an enfj : laughing : agreed . we have our moments like any relationship , but we are a good match . careful ! at any given moment we could be programed to surround you : tongue : '