' weird question but what is your work , i'm just curious :) to be honest , if someone asked me about lightbulb moments i wouldn't really be sure about whether or not i have them . i used to struggle with this idea which used to make me feel like i wasn't infj ... i have a close friend , i think i would call him my best friend actually . during my initial discovery of mbti i gained enough knowledge that i felt i understood my type and other types . after typing ... i have a close friend , i think i would call him my best friend actually . during my initial discovery of mbti i gained enough knowledge that i felt i understood my type and other types . after typing ... hmm i don't know . i would say i struggle with time management / organisation but that's because i'm pretty obsessed with time management , so i perhaps it's just a high standard - i'm actually alot more ... i'm not sure if you misread meditation as medication lol . i avoid medication because i have a negative bias against drugs so it's okay . i really will make sure i don't get addicted . you guys gave really good feedback . all the input is a mixed variety of answers , which is perfect . i know i can be abit melodramatic but nobody played up on that - you guys are awesome , thanks alot ... i hear ya , i always , always need something to do . even when i'm ill - i should be doing something unless i'm sleeping . not necessarily doing something , but moving towards something , so if i'm ill ... lol it's okay , that's exactly like something i would do :) , infact i did this today . symptoms = impaired social interaction , impaired verbal and non-verbal communication , restricted and repetitive behavior usual onset = by age two [ 1 ] i don't really recognise these basic symptoms of ... you know it's funny , something just hit me . all this time , i was under the impression when you hit the place of presence that everything is fine - not necessarily because you don't care anymore ... hmm that's interesting , the first i've heard of depersonalization . i can't say i feel anxious due to the thoughts , but like i said - the overwhelming nature of it can make me feel anxious so i ... sitting in my chair , sometimes listening to binaural beats , some times not . usually i try not to over complicate it and just try focus on the breathe . sometimes i try different meditation techniques ... can't say i'm feeling very enlightened 120 i know all of you aren't psychologists lol but i just thought it would be good to get some input outside my own thoughts . my mind feels like it runs 100mph at times , it's sort of like my thoughts ... intp ixtp yeah it's not so bad now , and i'm studying - i won't be working throughout the year so gotta make what i can now hating the work that you do ... what do i do argh , i need the money and i'm only working there for 4 more weeks but it's torturous https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak5V00GVD1g superstar was such a good song man , yo did you also listen to ' little weapon ' ? ? - it's on the same album . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rKmdRdNO7s intj i like your signature , reminds me of the fourth hermetic principle - the principle of polarity everything is dual , everything has poles , everything has it's pair of opposites ; like and ... finally got my braces off are you sure you don't want a hug from me when we meet up :) enxp , leaning on enfp the ' many ' being simply that wherever i go across the internet about the mbti , the dom-tert loop theory seems to be openly accepted . if it's brought up , it's rarely challenged so obviously to me it ... why is there no such thing as an ni-ti loop ? many say there is , and i believed there is , so i'm gonna have to read an explanation before i throw away that concept . i had another one of those moments again .. sometimes i feel extreme nostalgia for places i've never been before . when i was young i was absolutley sure that it was an indicator of where i was during ... talking to a sensor type can be like ... talking to anyone . each person is an individual that is developed independently . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwqtK2wSjpY seems there is already ' black ' is it possible to change it to ' baphomet ' instead ? lol i had a stranger stop me today and talk to me about how well spoken i am , first time for everything . i never would have known either , stuff like that is really nice to here . some people just ... change to ' black ' thank you i find myself in a different place moment to moment the changes are so frequent , i seem to forget who i was just before what was i thinking ? the answer eludes me i just want to hold on to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVTogKE25aQ archetypal stand up comedy might just be the next big thing.ufeff i'm naturally agreeable too but whenever i notice this indecisive-ness in a group , just for the sake of the group i notice i take charge and make a decision lol . like watching movies , if people really ... currently having my first relationship with my isfp :) things are great , but ofcourse it's the start - things are supposed to be great . we were pretty much best friends for a year while she wasn't ... hey , you're type 4 too . maybe that has something to do with it . i'm about to go to my part-time job . i work as a bartender . i have extreme anxiety during the hours leading up to work , everytime ... nothing actually goes wrong during work so the anxiety is ... dam , you were a good looking kid and a good looking man . sometimes people fall off and go from good to bad , and sometimes people's puberty does wonders ( bad to good ) , there's something nice about ... i feel like i'm the same , just with more knowledge / understanding . in a sense , i've always been going towards the same direction / way of thinking since day 1 . maybe that means i'm immature . ( i ... sober now , lol interesting , i never knew i did that ( not the lol part , lol ) . although i've always known that i have a particular fixation on se that i don't notice in other infj's - however it's ... ever since you joined . you exhibit much higher se than ni . you also show much higher ti than fe . [ / quote ] my girlfriend is isfp . she can't understand how i'm so oblivious to my environment and how ... ever since you joined . you exhibit much higher se than ni . you also show much higher ti than fe . [ / quote ] hmmm interesting ( sorry if my reply is weird , i'm currently high ) how exactly is it that ... yes , that's right . children inherit their quirks from their parents - but the really important thing is not that connection , but recognising your own flesh and blood . recognising yourself . that's ... interesting , how come ? was it purely based on this post or just observations across various posts . i didn't ask him so i can't be certain lol . but i'm pretty sure he wasn't . woah lol , i didn't make fun of him for not chugging the beer , i teased him a little about drinking it so slowly - i feel like there is a significant difference . the teasing wasn't even because he was ... this '