' i find that my dark side really wakes up when i feel most vulnerable . i mean when i feel somehow exposed or distanced from my beliefs and it can sometimes be frightening in a sense that i never want ... hello , my mom is isfj , and dad is inxx :p roud : you guys are making me want to post a picture here and i am not even an infp , and i don't normally do that : tongue : hey , maybe i could get my infp friend to take it with me that way it would be legit ... sounds fun , thank you for sharing ... please do write tips i would like to give it a try , just to see for myself : kitteh : hello , lucid dream would be , by definition , a dream in which we are aware we are dreaming , right ? i usually become aware that i am dreaming at some point throughout the dream and i keep that ... hello , i do not believe in zodiac but here goes for fun : i am infj and aquarius , so do these match up ? - against government oppression - for freedom of speech - for health care - investment in science and culture - children's rights - proper care for animals - against rule of minority over majority ... i love and understand metaphors . i used them whenever they are appropriate either in conversation or in my own literature works . i am good at understanding songs , relating to the feeling or seeing ... i would have to say entp ... : kitteh : here are some discussions which can be helpful : the entp gentleman's field guide to seducing infj females how not to win over an infj edit : yes , i feel as i have grown up fast mentally , although i still played as a child like some of you mentioned above i did not find some things amusing as my playmates did and sometimes liked more company ... hello and welcome ... if you want to be happy with someone first you need to be happy with yourself and you need to be clear on the subject who you are and what are your goals in life , but you ... i have just solved some test here which determined my type as : 6w5 , 2w3 , 9w1 . i am new to this test so it is all a bit unclear to me but the description i read about my results sounds right ... so ... for me it depends on how close this person is to me.if we are talking about a family member who seeks advice or really close friend and i believe that something negative will happen to them i try to ... thank you for all of your answers , they helped a lot . i am not that discipline person i wish i was but i honestly can not put every minute of the day to good use . i have a friend enfj , she puts every ... look from infj female point of view that what he described could happen , i myself do not know if i believe in the whole one theory but i know that all the persons with whom i had opportunity to date ... once upon a time on : mr.darcy heathcliff from wuthering heights sasuke and itachi ( naruto ) ... i was great at : literature , physics , philosophy , psychology and latin ... for some reason i never really liked chemistry although i had a decent grade , now college is ok , although i am a little unsure of ... it is 10:14 pm and i can't wait to fall asleep , it has been a long day ... but that probably will not happen for another hour or two : bored : hahaha , you never know ... : shocked :: crazy : but to the author seriously just no , nope there is no correlation whatsoever : happy : wow , you guys are weird bunch and i say this in the most positive way ... : wink : although i am here for the first time i think this is definitely fun sub forum : happy : every once in a while , was more frequent few years back when i was younger ... now usually when i am overwhelmed by many things getting together and then it kinda seems like ship with no direction , but ... hello . i am sorry for your bad break up . :( ( if you are looking for male infj input on your situation maybe you should post it on infj sub forum . in my opinion it is good for you that you are no ... i think i can do it quite faithfully when and if i wan to ... but hey i think everybody has got a bit of actor in them because you get to perform every day just in a different situations ;) hello and welcome . i hope you find what are you searching for here.in my opinion you should learn about functions first and learn more about those types you thought you were and about infj then see ... i love : - music and books that make me think - coffee and hot tea even though it is really hot outside - old books , chairs , closets ... something that has history and remembers some old times ... sure , i believe we all have does types of decisions that at the moment sound great but when some time passes it does not sound doable , or it sounds risky . it is in everyone's nature to second guess or ... every personality type has a up and down side : one of the up sides of being infj is that you can relate to people , understand than and make them feel like they are not alone and one of the down ... hello , i am just entering in 20s but i would like to tell you that i understand and can relate to it . i have just started college and have made few changes in my life , but suddenly i am not so sure in ... hello and welcome . i am new here as well but i already love this site and feel great knowing that there are more infjs out there who understand how it can be hard being one , whether you let it show ... welcome fellow infj . :) i hope you will have great time here , enjoy . somewhere over the rainbow ? ! welcome back . ;) hello and welcome ! i hope you will enjoy your time here ! hello from one newbie to other ;) welcome , i hope you will enjoy your time here ( it is addicting ) . ^ . ^ hahaha , well do not worry we like diversity , and all types are welcome :) hello , i was wondering are the rest of you infjs disciplined or consistent in your decisions , for example : if you have and exam in a month and you distribute to each day number of pages you need to ... hello , i also took some online test that resulted in me being infj then i tried to look up online everything i could about this personality type . i watched other infj videos , read descriptions and ... hello masami and thanks ! :) yes , this place is really great , i have just started recently and i think i am already getting addicted . now , now infj sub forum is where all the magic happens , come and ... hello and thank you . i will definitely pay more attention to articles . :) hello dragonheartedgirl , i understand your point of view because i can really relate to it , i also feel the same way . i often feel like i m constantly giving to others , like they receive it with ... i do not cry easily in front of others , i have once or twice teared in front of my friends , but when i am alone and when i feel overwhelmed or when something i read really moves me i cry easily . :) i could not agree more ! i really don't fall in love easily for me love would be friendship caught on fire , because when i care for someone i really care and my trust is not easy to gain . i have to ... hello , i will have to be honest and say that it depends on the other person.you know how when you look at person you know how good friends you really are regardless of what said person is ... hello , i do feel lonely but not in a way that i do not have enough friends , coworkers or other types of social interactions , i feel like i am not completely understood or at least not on the level ... hello , i believe that there is nothing wrong with looking at other people and noticing that they are good looking , as long as it stays just an observation and not a desire to actually start ... hello everyone , i have only recently discovered i am an infj , sice i do not know anyone else who shares my personality type i thought it would be fun to do a little online search and talk with ... '