' it's all i ever date . have a long history with another infp . dated an intp and now we are friends ... now i am currently seeing another intp which is cool . i feel like intuitive types are the only ... yeah , i think i could've met some without realizing it . i am guessing you guys are way more extroverted online than in real life ? but then again entp is a rare type ... my intp friend told me you ... hah , not at all . i am mexican , but i have had a few people ask if i am french / say i could be . i wish i was , sometimes . mais , je ne parle pas français ... i've always wanted an entp friend , i'm ... i guess so . i think i am just fond about the way it looks . i am passionate about ambient music , plants , and dressing like i have time traveled from 60s era france ... isn't it very entp-ish to ... ah . but i don't have a face . am i supposed to say something infp-ish ? what's this ? i see what you mean . many enfps i've met have been more on the quiet side . some are obnoxious for sure , but there's some that are more quiet extroverts . sometimes i wonder if i am one too . i am a ... lmao . i just spent a couple of hours looking into this . my god ... i am fascinated and horrified by this alien world ! there is absolutely no way , no way thom yorke is an extrovert . are you serious ? please explain ? i have no idea what you are even saying , what is this nyy'xai you speak of ? i am baffled ! yes , so many people argue he's an infj , but i am almost absolutely certain he's an infp . the way he expresses himself , his spontaneous creativity , his scruffiness ... all too infp ! thom yorke ? some people say he's not an infp , so i dunno you are right . thank you . sometimes i get so sad that i have no idea what to do . i feel a hole in my entire body . i try to remain positive most of the time , but all of the sudden , bad thoughts come to me out of nowhere and ... hahah , thank you . i am mexican :) also , i did not mean to write a book entirely on smoking . i guess i am bukowski now ... geez . i guess i struggled between smoking and then stopping and then starting again . but it never became too much . i would say that when i did smoke , i averaged on three cigs a day and i only continued the ... 480849 trying to cover slowdive while recording and unsatisfied with the results . i've been looking through this thread and i'm wondering , is it a thing for infps to have very unique features ? ... i am pretty consistently slender and i know a couple of infps most of them are thin , one of them is not . i dunno . i think our type is prone to emotional eating , and also some laziness . i think body ... i kind of prefer it , to be honest ... i'm lost in the colors life gave me music made by two infps . self on synths and my boyfriend playing guitar . some feedback would be awesome ! check it out if eerie ambient / instrumental stuff is ... ugh yes , it's a weakness ! i think it's mutual though ... many nts have expressed an attraction towards me . it's a fascination between opposites , i think . ( but not too opposite as that could cause a ... this thread is so inspiring it seems like this thread is mainly visual art ? but i can't see a stickied thread for other forms of art ... i want to share a recording i made a while ago , reading something i wrote with some ambient ... can we post music / spoken word ? yes , i am from mexico and a native spanish speaker :) i actually read it in english though ! excellent suggestions ... i love kierkegaard ! books : demian - hermann hesse dharma bums - jack kerouac the book of disquiet - fernando pessoa dubliners - james joyce hopscotch - julio cortazar authors : anaïs nin ram dass musician :( i wish being an artist was easier these days my art , and how much effort i put into it . that i really , really try to be happy but that i can't help being sensitive . https://soundcloud.com/hojascirculares/hello-stranger-1 : blushed : one of my most recent songs ... i had an experience with an intp . we are friends now . actually , it's kind of ambiguous . i think he still likes me but he's hesitant to make a move . ( we already agreed to stay friends so i don't think ... thank you ! ! :) that is indeed , my face . intjs ... too bad they don't want to talk to me D: * unrequited crush * ... also intps , they're hilarious . ooh this is fun best : english + art . i always felt like an angel from heaven in those classes , they were my only as and the teachers were always nice to me worst : math + chemistry ... and gym ... i met an enfp my first year of college , like in the first week . she was wearing a really cute and quirky outfit and i complimented her on it and we instantly connected . we started doing everything ... 1 . are you generally good at flirting ? no ! 2 . do you find it easy to tell when someone is flirting with you ? i will have no idea . 3 . how do you tend to react / feel if someone starts flirting ... really awesome to talk to for hours and philosophize with . very deep and intelligent . awesome and chill people ! she's such an isfp though . he's an enfp , but like a mega one on steroids . she most definitely is . though some argue she's an infj , i think the way she dresses and acts and is too free flowing for an infj . i just googled grimes enfp . i would hardly call that stalking . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sr6nIWQnTTI i'm gonna cry is human metrics socionics ? what is the difference ? so i looked it up . that is actually her official blog . and she did take the test . and it did say enfp ... but she's barely hitting the e mark ! which makes sense . i think she's too bright and colorful ... yeah , i love this guy ! i noticed you like grimes . do you think she's an infp ? i get a t vibe from her , but she could be an f . woo ! can i bring this thread back ? always wondered about thom yorke . pretty sure he's an infp but a lot of people say he's an infj .   ... anyway , i think : bat for lashes / natasha khan björk ... nothing repels me more than absence of feeling . i found emotional chaos , impulses and hungers i mistook for feeling . there is a difference . most people are hungry , amorous , they fall in love , but ... exercise describe a typical week of exercise : i don't do anything structured . but i like walking a lot at the moment . i used to like to ride my bike around and do yoga , but i haven't been doing ... 411562  4115 70 feeling inspired lately not sure if this thread exists , but i want to share some awesome dreamy music with you infps https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMRlAeAt-iU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuvQ14HT3Ok ... it's funny you mention evergreen , it's the dream college of all idealists . don't know why you would assume it's not going to help you get a job , it seems like a great place to educate yourself . the ... '