' for studying , i try the 10 minute to 20 minute rule . study for 10 minutes and then take a break for 5 . this hasn't really worked for me in the past , because it breaks the concentration and focus i ... i stay focused the best when i take breaks . for example , i'll study for 20-40 minutes and then watch something . it's best when i know what i want to do during my breaks , it motivates me . i end up ... <--- yes . i often feel a surge of laughter and giggles when i remember something funny . what's strange is that these things are usually very small ; for them to create such a reaction is strange . for ... this has been such a common occurrence in my life , especially with the people i'm closest to . it hurts when you aren't taken seriously when you're finally being serious . it's the most painful when ... i'm not actually smart , i just know how to sound smart . honestly , the concept of do unto others as you would have them do unto you most likely came about from the human fear of other people treating them badly , because : that's not fair ! ! ! i don't ... when i'm in the mood i'm naturally very sociable and charming . i can read people pretty well and direct the conversation so that multiple people are benefited from it . this can come off as ... i smile and laugh a lot , but when i'm in public i try to contain it because i'm usually laughing or smiling at something that no one else would understand or find funny . yes , but only because it was when i was newer to mbti and didn't know anything about cognitive functions , mainly thinking that entps and intps were generally the same , the only difference being one ... my dad is an intj . i get along with him really well and we have a lot of good conversations . my mom , on the other hand , is a completely different story . i'm unsure of her specific type but we are ... being blonde has nothing to do with intelligence . karma is for people who think that someone did something that was just wrong and instead of confronting them , they'll say , karma will get them . i can relate to this . i love writing dialogue but absolutely abhor action sequences . i try to get really detailed about what's happening which results in long , confusing sentences . movement is , for ... being bored is like my worst nightmare . whenever i'm really bored , and someone i know well is near by , i will try to pick a fight with them . this fight usually includes me arguing about the first ... responsibility for me is understanding the consequences of your actions , and how to deal with them . trait score percentile fight club gravity memento american beauty moonrise kingdom for my career , i'd really like to get into filmmaking , more specifically , directing . it's a creative job and you're in charge . i think it's something i want - i just have to learn to believe that i ... please let me in on the secret , what did she do to make you react in this way ? i'm so curious . i feel like we're missing a few pieces of a very dynamic puzzle . 378 female it's already been romanticized . i mean , look at all the young adult books that feature a horrible society and a strong protagonist willing to fight for freedom . how could you not fall in love with ... when someone presents a negative situation as a result of some action i'm about to take : sounds exciting ! honestly , i can relate . the thought of being boring or living a boring life is excruciating . i definitely agree that it's a 7 entp problem , and also related to age . i'm in high school and where do ... it sounds pretty exciting , i would no doubt join if it was something i believed in . no problem (: hey , welcome ! yo girl : lana or lara boy : jason or jake much much better just barely started playing it last night , so my best score is pretty low 😕 http://img.tapatalk.com/d/14/05/11/yra3y4am.jpg i'm addicted though ! i can't stop playing . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9ObFJhX2nw i would see people playing this game at school and think , you're an idiot , how are you playing a number game and enjoying it ? but i definitely get it now , it's crazy addicting and super easy . i agree , something about being an air head one second to being a smart ass the next gets them going . gender : female hair color : blonde hair style : long and straight eye shape : umm , eye shaped ? eye color : blue i tend to be pretty gullible . most of the time it's because i'm not really paying attention , though . all of a sudden someone will be saying something and i'll respond , really ! ? all excited and ... i absolutely love to write ! but i have the same problem ; everything i start has a high probability of not getting finished . i've came to the conclusion that we're more short story type of writers . it's just really interesting . i chose the i used it to use people more efficiently because that's my secret goal . when you always get told you have low common sense when you ask for scientific validation of a statement made by someone for sake of their argument when you're always asking , why ? and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuA7vAhSrQ0 breaking bad game of thrones dexter i love the instruments , the video is really creepy and fits the feel of the song . vocals are ok . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfq988DvJhg ask yourself - foster the people whatever your personality is , you really should study the cognitive functions of mbti some more . maybe then you could have a decent conversation about what drives a person to do drugs , get defensive ... i value debate and discussions for many reasons . number one , it's incredibly fun ! if you're debating with someone who at least meets your intellectual level , it becomes a game in a way . winning is ... i have to admit , i enjoy gossip . celebrity gossip , on the other hand , just feels gross . i like to be all-knowing , even if the gossip is exaggerated or even untrue , if i can tell , it uncovers a lot ... i feel like i'm reading a romance novel with the structure and look of a forum post . it's exciting , what happens next ? anyways , i can relate to this girl you've been mentioning to a great extent ... 14-15 : my fe developed pretty early , i understood social situations and social cues , and became obsessed with projecting a certain image . i did everything in my power to keep my family life and ... how do you react when you like someone ? it could be attraction , long term friendship that grew into something more , or even a stranger that you've never talked to , whatever . all you know for sure ... personally , apologies kind of annoy me . if i do something that caused someone to get hurt in the end , what am i apologizing for ? do i regret doing x or do i regret that that person got hurt because ... '