' what i'm seeing here is a bit of contradiction . i hope none of this offends you but i'm gonna say it as i see it . your ideals while fantastic , seem a bit , well , idealistic . yes , it would be great ... here is some very 80s music from new zealand . it is however very new zealand , and whenever it is featured in a film or tv show back here it goes back to # 1 in the chart for a week or two haha . most ... ok so , i just got back from traveling and am currently living with my parents , so my room really isnt my room . and as for the relative tidyness , well , 5 years of boarding school does that to you . we ... i was thinking about this very topic one day when i was driving along in my car . i thought i would buy a house , help out my friends / family with some extra $ , pay off my student debts , and finally go ... i pasted three things . they were all parts of a conversation , and i got james joyce twice , and cory doctorow once . i might have to try this with some of what ive written in my journal . though , i do ... yikes , there are so many ways in which a person can be attractive , and limiting it down is really hard . i guess one quality that really gets me is an air of grace - but on the flip side i love goofy , ... is it me , or has there been quite a few of these threads lately ? im getting sick of moaning at these people . im pretty sure there is no conclusive relationship between the two and is merely a ... i dont draw a lot - im still working on that , but somethinig that i do really enjoy doing is making things . this is my latest creation , my version of shaun tan's book ' the red tree ' . i have an infj ... tonight , i broke the law ... and all because i wanted to avoid confrontation . i work as a supervisor in a supermarket , and tonight i was faced with a female who was intoxicated to a degree ( just ... i must admit , this whole thread kind of irritates me . in my opinion , sexuality really isnt well defined by a dew labels - it is a broad spectrum , and where you sit on that spectrum doesnt define ... thanks for this post goldentryst - i can whole heartedly relate to what you have written . i have often thought about this attitude , and this contradictory nature of mine is an unending source of ... sneezing is one of my favourite past times - unfortunately i dont sneeze often :( i have some friends that play it , but from an outside point of view i cant understand how a sandbox can be that exciting - i prefer to be working towards something in games . if i want to build ... this is pretty much how i feel too . personally i have spent a lot of time thinking about sexuality and would be labels , but in the end none of them really seem to fit . im just me , and at the end of ... if you dont mind classical , i find this piece to be the most emotionally charged piece i have ever heard - mind you it isnt a particularly happy piece , but an extremely moving one reguardless . ... hey guys , i hope you dont mind me sneaking in here . i have on my profile infp , but really im infx - i actually test as infj . anywho , here are some that i have snapped just wandering around at home ... just waiting for something to happen . i was born and raised ( and still live ) in new zealand . my father has also been raised here , but we are of white enthnicity . im not really sure where my first ancestors migrated to new zealand from , ... the ragamuffin 29 % elegant , 31 % technological , 33 % historical , 28 % adventurous and 54 % playful ! huffleclaw ! you scored 8 % slytherin , 44 % ravenclaw , 32 % gryffindor , and 48 % hufflepuff ! ... i got the girl next door here too . yes ! i play the bass clarinet too ! as soon as i saw it in intermediate i wanted to play it . i saw it thought you look weird like me . i want to play you ! . that rather odd story aside , i play ... im the same as forever_me . i argue with the voice in my head all the time . or , something will happen to me and i will retell the story of what just happened to me , and then ill say to myself i know ! ... so uh , you still havent messaged me . i know my message was perhaps a bit strange and odd , but i guess thats just the person i am . ive taken a vow to not harrass you anymore , i dont want to increase ... what a fantastic thread . i must admit i have thought about this topic quite a lot , and even more currently as im planning to travel in the near future . i guess i have a similar view to the ... added . im the lonely marker in nz hehe . uhhh . hi there . i guess ? both of my parents are farmers and there isnt really an option for that ( trade / construction comes close , but farming isnt really a trade ) . while my parents grew up in different countries ( dad is ... ive always had really thick , curly hair , and despite it being quite unmanagable somedays , ive always had it quite long . im not really sure why - perhaps a combo of having something to hide behind , ... hi again blue butterfly . be sure to keep us updated ! it will be interesting to see how it goes - good luck with the job oppertunity . as someone mentioned , yes , wellington is seen as the culture ... oh ! blue butterfly ! i live in new zealand , i grew up here . while i havnt been to wellington too much , as an infp i think of it as a really ideal place for me to live , if i were to live in a big ... haha pulp sport is awsome ( go new zealand ! > _ > ) however , back on track i remember watching quite a few crime shows / movies when i was younger and whenever the robber or bad guy was caught instead ... i play the piano , bass clarinet , and bassoon . i used to think a bit about ' life defining moments ' , and i definately consider my first piano lesson a huge one . without having being introduced to ... i was thinking about this the other day . while i do enjoy rain , thunder and lightening , i have to say that my favourite weather is an overcast , extremely windy day . i find it interesting how air is ... if you really knew me youd notice how much i try to tell you that i care about you ( darn my lack of boldness ! ) . arrested development 30 rock wonderfalls avatar the last airbender and the last one is either flight of the conchords or pushing daisies you are a musical thinker i guess that fits well - i tend to associate things with sounds and cant stand places where there is loud conflicting sounds ( i . e . nightclubs - loud ' music ' and people ... for some reason i actually decided to not have an avatar . i went to the effort of making a small square the same colour as the background so that i didnt have the default avatar selected . i dont know ... personally i believe someone can be on the edge of two personality types , however i am interested to see that you wrote that you found the two types to be similar . the last few times ive been typed , ... thats easy . film music composer :D at the moment , i dont really think that i am very ' balanced ' . i have a few ' issues ' that i need to sort out before i will percieve myself as being balanced , healthy and well , happy . such a tricky ... people always tell me that they hate trying to read my handwriting and often struggle with it . when i was younger i used to slant to the left and was told off for it so i made a concious effort to ... this train of thought is actually what caused me to question what i am studying at university . im studying computer graphic design . in my first year i read a book by kalle lasn ( he is with adbusters ... i do sure tend to be . i have a lot of the habits that others have posted already . though one that nobody has mentioned so far is that if i want to fidget in a lowkey way , i will tap rythmic beats ... thanks a lot for the vids toxic , they were really interesting :D i totally know what you mean when you were talking about trying to get your opinion . i too always try to wait for a lul in the ... sorry , i havnt really been reading this thread at all so i dont know what is going on , but i just had to write this somewhere - hopefully it will annoy me less that way . just had a day out with a ... google actually . i was just really interested in reading about my type and stumbled across it . has been a great find :D you know , i have always struggled with dishonesty . whenever im late for work or have to make up an excuse for some reason i preplan what im going to say in my head , but when it comes to the moment of ... i have always loved the idea of the older-day clubs . where there are tables for people to sit , talk , and eat at . good live music that isnt so loud you cant hear anything . the seats would be nice and ... haha , i enjoyed this so much that i went to hit the thank button multiple times , but alas it apprently disappears after the first click D: thanks a bunch rube ! '