' i guess it's because intj's pick thing up through intuition first , and then confirm this with facts right ? i'm not buying it . every time that i try to argue with an intj without facts , it seems like a damn waste of time . arguing without facts makes intj's laugh . i agree with esfp , but i'm not feeling 2w3 . i see knowledge and the ability to understand absolutely everything in the universe . my thirst for knowledge is never quenched . 3w4 sp / sx edit : photo type me by my avatar . those online tests suck . check out this functions test that i came across the other day on this site . it's a lot better ... jungian cognitive function quiz deuces wild with stephen dorf . enfp common types : 792 , 793 , 693 , and 692 entp common types : yeah there's no way that i'm seeing type 8 ' s as the most loyal . to me , the most loyal types are 1 ' s and 2 ' s . to me , the least loyal types are 6 ' s and 8 ' s . i never understood how they could ... yeah jessie never stops shouting . that just never changes . plus his meth addiction gets much worse . however if you watch up to season 2 where they introduce saul goodman and gus , it get a hell of ... you probably didn't enjoy , breaking bad because you just watched the first season . literally the vast majority of the first season of that show is watching walter junior eat breakfast . watch the ... lol what fe ? my friends compare me to a robot for god's sake . this is how i knew that i was a 5w4 as opposed to a 4w5 . the 4w5 is much more emotional than the 5w4 . we intp's are just as big of bitches as you guys . at least you guys at least have that tertiary fi that could make you at least a little bit more soft , we are thinking doms baby . well i'm an intp and i get along well with isfp's but i think it's because i'm sx / sp and a lot of isfp's are that variant stacking . yes , i can explain ti to you : ti breaks down and analyzes everything . ti can easily look at something and easily figure out the principles behind how things work as well . so for instance , it's not ... who has seen the show , white collar ? what do you see each of the characters as ? here's how i'm seeing them ... neil caffrey - enfj 3w4 so / sx peter - esfj 1w2 so / sp mazzie - intp 5w6 so / sp ... this lol , pat bateman . he's awesome the heart triad is all about image and shame . enfj , estp , entp , enfj . i just have only a few very close friends so this really isn't a problem for me . you seem nf to me . i just feel so dark lately . it's like no one really understands me . everyone sees me as a freak outside , but inside i'm a very intense and passionate person . i just wish people would see that . then they just weren't meant to be friends then . enfj men are just too social for me . i just want to be by myself most of the time . being social last , i really wouldn't really know how others perceive me . personally i'm going to be going to japan soon and learn how to draw manga professionally . there's this private nature scene near my house . it just makes me feel alive . '