' this sounds like it's about something specific ? i think we're all just over complicating something that probably really simple . i think this debate has been going on since socrates time . animals have simple instinctual desires ... but they're willing to learn if it proves to benifit them in any way . same can be said about all life on earth . ( hooray for vague answers ! ) if you look hard enough there's something to learn from anything . but not the shy and timid you . the wacky and unpredictable you ... probably won't beat some bedroom intruder , but i will definitely tear you apart over the internet ... why did you think this was even a good idea posting this in here ? keep your thoughts to ... nooo ! my sanity ... hahahahaha that does look really interesting though and i totally want to read it . aaron weiss from mewithoutyou . i've always identified with those lyrics . tincan that's why i found this one so strange . most of mine make absolutely no sense . yeah . it's strange we completely understand each other without actually understanding each other at all ... if that makes any sense . i think he was in it because i've felt kinda guilty for backing out ... i'm sorry in advanced , this seems a little scatterbrained to me . i'm not really looking for someone to interpret this ( but you can if you want to ) . i believe that dreams are nothing more than our ... just another article where the writer is completely clueless . these are all over the internet . that's not stalking , that's research . lol . sheer crazyness entj , just because i can't imagine what a fireball she'd be . :/ sure do ... strange you even mentioned that , i've been dealing with that exact thing lately . but if i've told a girl that it's over , i've reached a point where i understand it's not going to work ... i don't personally ... but ulysses s grant was superstitious of retracing his steps and i feel like that a good rule to follow there's no real concrete i'm over it feeling . i guess when i've realized that its not gonna work and i can't imagine it working out any longer . i think it takes a little bit longer for me than most ... depends on long its been ... when i'm over it , i'm over it but either way i'd leave them be . atypical ? lol i've been friends with a couple intjs for a long time . i think the same could be ... one of my teachers in school was an isfp as was her son which i am now good friends with . before i had to take her class , i had heard from my brother that she was stern and was very critical . this ... invalids this.is.amazing . above all else ... objectivity . 50070 ... aaand there it is i seem to cycle between downright awful and perfectly happy . i find that the thing that really cheers me up is being able to find something to love about myself . for me , the easiest way to do that is ... hahaha ... awesome , just awesome . my ex . was reeeallly into . i read one chapter and decided it wasn't for me . probably because it targets girls ... thanks everyone for your advice . i'm taking this in stride and see it as an opportunity to figure out who works for me and who doesn't and hopefully will come out a better person . can we please stop talking about the r thing ... i've been thinking about it for like the last 12 hours and i already feel just god awful about it . it's funny though ( not that ) ... how a stranger over ... i apologize for my terrible sense of humor . i realize its not gonna happen . i realized when i posted this . this has never been about whether or not this relationship would work because i know it ... oh man , there were so many ... ghosts , aliens , volcanoes ( for some reason i was terrified of lava coming through the shower head whenever i was in there ) , zombies , the elephant man ( watched a ... that was actually my first thought ... but she has my number and has never had a problem approaching me with problems before . hahaha nahh i don't really get those rape jitters with this one ... saying wildly inappropriate things in public . ( even though it's secretly hilarious ) when people assume i'm light in the head because i'm friendly ... it happens all the time at work . if i'm having to spend a lot of time with said person , i'll usually try and find a way to make them ... too many to count ... so i'll post my favorite outside smoking ... shes standing by in the doorway facing me . about every minute or so she'll walk out side play with something , say something ... it's good to hear this from a female . this is exactly what i was suspecting . i'm so glad there are infp women out there who don't act like this . it's extremely childish . i've pretty much lost any ... so i've known this girl ( a fellow infp ) for several years . we've talked off and on and have gone long periods without any contact on several occasions up until a somewhat recent situation where we ... ishmael : by daniel quinn slaughterhouse-five : kurt vonnegut a clockwork orange : anthony burgess ( obviously ) i'm almost done with vonnegut's sirens of titan ... and it's pretty awesome too ! ... pretty much took the words right out of my mouth ... yeah ... it's actually really nice to see that written out ... it's a rather confusing feeling sometimes . death is a common thing for me too . but every time i think of it i try to put it into the context of life ... and really how beautiful it kind of is . just think of all the things you'll have seen by ... community college from my experience is like another round of high school . it's full of people who are there just because they think they want to be there but i guess even some big universities are ... i think that his death is somewhat irrelevent now . yeah he was responsible for killing thousands of people , but it seems that the government just sort of used him as an excuse to do the same thing ... i kind of did the same thing even though i'm ashamed to admit it . i didn't truly think i was the messiah ... but it was kind of like a constant daydream of mine . other kids wanted to be famous ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsPdLr5btow what did you do ? ! what did you do ? ! we only do as much as we feel we have to . i don't know how old you are and i'm not going to ask for the sake of not sounding like a creeper ... but from my personal experience , musical taste is always evolving . the older you get the more ... i was driving to school this mourning and listening to this song . iowa scenery and combined with this is rather enlightening . i wish i could show you all in real life awesome it was but i'll do the ... you ever read ishmael ? - - - i used to take an ssri for depression and ended up having bouts of mania , which was actually somewhat enjoyable . i know two ... '