' first of all ... oh my goodness . thank you for all of the replies ! i think the problem is not that i can't find the right people , it's just that there aren't any of the kind of people that i connect ... i feel kind of bad coming and posting asking for help again , but the truth is that i need it , and you guys always have answers . * deep breath * here goes . i moved to china in january . i live with my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf8BT3wbZSo no shame . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf8BT3wbZSo that's what i have to say to that . as for my animals ... i intend to be a zookeeper or work in wildlife rescue or biology of some sort when i get out of ... i learned that to respect others , you have to respect yourself as well . you're right . i think i definitely have a better direction to head on this now , and i'm not so upset about it because i think it's not a random major loss of something , but just the wrong attitude ... i .. i .. can i have ? please ? and on a side note , anyone else have a thing for scruffy guys ? and there's where i realize i've arrived at the wrong conclusion , albeit an important one . i'm still not even sure how to get to my old level of empathy again . so far the most i've managed to ... thanks for that , jay , it's really nice . :) keep writing ! ! you put your thought to words very well . i'm only 17 , so apparently my tsh levels are all over the place as my thyroid dies ( or ... actually i was diagnosed with hpyothyroidism last october . wow . i'd have never thought that would be a cause for this . it sucks because even though i'm on medication , i go up and down all the time , ... i think you're right . i really don't treat myself well at all anymore , and i think that might reflect onto how i act to others . i'm really surprised actually - i didn't think anyone would give me an ... i live in china , and i'm going to have to agree , at least concerning asians . and i most definitely mean the strange awesome propeller-fleur-de-lis-bird-thing :D not any other asians ? also i love your picture >:D for most of my life , i was completely un-self-centered and loving to everyone around me . i was who people came to when they needed help . but recently i've found myself feeling more and more cynical ... i have ... two requirements , physically , for guys . taller than me , and big enough that i don't have to worry about squishing them if i sit in their lap . i tend to fall for the down-to-earth nerdy ... ohhh , the joy of leaving others devastated and speechless in your wake ... yes yes yes ! ! now we have to invade the other forums and see if it's just the enfps that get this enthusiastic ;) yesss ! <3 ! it's like you just lose yourself , i know the feeling :D i was having a discussion with a friend on what exactly dancing was , and we agreed that when you truly dance , you don't move with ... alright , thanks ! i'll try and remember to look it up :) i can definitely relate to that . even if my music makes me happy , it feels impossible to talk to anyone or really interact if i have headphones in i don't know about you guys , but music isn't just music for me . i don't just hear a song and nod my head . if i have my headphones in , a bus ride can be a horrible cage , then 3 minutes later switch to ... that's beautiful , wow ! could you tell me a bit more about dave matthews band ? i hear a lot of good things about them , but don't know much . popping in a bit late , but here i am , and i'd like to say : paradox's accusation of my mistyping myself rather unsettled me , and i felt kind of out of place and stupid after that , so i left and did a ... i hear that all the freakin ' time ! ! ! maybe i'm a bit late on this comment , but i thought christchurch was a strange religious sect , particularly one making fun of others ... xd hehehe thanks ! ! ! i accidentally found a species of leaf ( it was a butterfly garden ) that it was attracted to and held it places ( it would crawl from the leaf to my skin ) and took pictures with my phone really fast , ... suggestion i was referring to ^ honestly your needless harshness is making me want to run away , so i'm gonna do that . byebye you suggest a lot of things . i suggest you keep your suggestions to yourself . but you won't listen to that , will you ? neither of us will listen to each other , i suggest we quit suggesting . we're ... we being enfp's , i was asking don't enfps live in the moment ? i see now that they don't - i did some research . ok , you're right and i'm wrong , would you like us to feed you some more ego ? i have ... yeah i wasn't sure how to respond because i realized i'm not even sure what living in the moment is . meh , i don't really feel the need to prove who i am . i already know i'm an enfp . i knew a lot more about this all a few months ago when i was studying it all the time , but it's been a while . must ... y'know , i know a lot of homeless people , but they work at renaissance faires and it's voluntary xd i get your point though . yeah , it's messed up what some people will do . ( sorry i replied to so many threads you were in , weird coincidence ) no need to be sarcastic just because someone knows a little less than you . well i'm sure if there's a problem a mod will notify me :) what events ( large or small ) in your life have caused you to reevaluate things ? gain a new perspective ? i moved to shanghai china a week ago , and i can successfully say that i no longer find many ... enfp girl here , you'll find me on my ps2 ... i thought we lived in the moment o . o ( on that note , i wouldn't change anything . i'd spend the rest of my life worrying that i shouldn't changed something else ! ) thanks muchaparadox , but this is a different question that that thread gave me . i specifically want to know the difference between people's fitting in in jh and hs . i pretty much the town ... there is a pleasure in the pathless woods ; there is a rapture on the lonely shore ; there is society , where none intrudes , by the deep sea , and music in its roar : i love not man the less , but ... i got this idea from marchhare in here :) ok so compared to each other , how popular were you in junior high versus high school ? what changed ? just enough above the bottom to raise an eyebrow at the 6th graders . my friends and i had a party on guy fawkes day this year , burned a paper parliament , watched v for vendetta , and the host read an epic speech about ideals and such on the theme of the movie . ( we also ... wat r u guyz takin about ? i tipe jus fine oh goodness your words make me happy : 3 if i'm working or at school , i need ... at least a day . if i spend every sunday for a few weeks doing something with someone it doesn't bother me . but if i have every sunday scheduled with the same ... i text to fulfill social obligations that otherwise would have to be filled by making actual contact with people that bug the crap out of me . i tend to be an introvert hermit when it comes to ... intps are great for video game discussions - all the ones i've met are huge nerds and love to debate :D my two best friends are infjs , and they are absolutely wonderful . always willing to listen , ... i honestly can't remember . compliments have a hard time reaching me - i can be extremely down on myself . if i get a compliment , it doesn't make me happy really because i already believe i should be ... late night lack of judgement made me post this . now i thought better of it and it's gone :) if a mod comes by , please delete this thread . thanks ! i'm too lazy to go through and answer the questions , but let me tell you ... learning about my dominant function , ne , made a huge difference in my life . when people tell me something , i always want to ... '