' hi i feel for you ! i was on citalopram . didn't work , so they put me on stronger stuff . on that i started hearing voices telling me to kill myself - which i almost succeeded in . i have ... every bloody single day ! a life so unfulfilled , desperate , sad and empty ! i would hope for some public nudity :P this just freaks me out ! i experience the exact same thing ! ! ! although , i tend to limit my contact with people in that way - only one deep , close friend ( an istj ) and he is heart of my heart ! ... i dunno . freaked out . just took 2 valium , going to try get sleep and hopefully wake up better tomorrow . my experience feels rather traumatic . i'm feeling very upside down . disturbed to the core of my being . can't believe this is my life . don't know if i even want it . it feels like the last sparkle , ... i was watching a tv show and fell asleep for a lazy sunday afternoon nap - pretty normal . but then , i suddenly woke up with a shock . as if some giant cosmic voice had whispered a shout into the ... i went outside today , but the graphics were horrible , so i came back in . seriously though , england is f-ing cold . hate being cold . might just move to a tropical beach ... i was wondering if any infp ( or other ! ) authors who have had work published grace these forums ? if so , what type of book was it ? sci fi , fiction , fantasy - what ? i once wrote a pretty decent ... this thread is making me want to look up some body painting ;) i think instead of africa , i'd like to be stranded on a deserted tropical island . sadly none of our clothes survived , so we'd all ... i'm quite keen to change my name i hate my real life name . it is like an acid-dipped dagger that sits in my heart and whenever someone says my name , the dagger twists and salt is poured into the wound . i wish instead of sticking ... i was just about to start the exact same thread - that's just weird ... i'm 33 now . got a really good life insurance policy . i saw a 66 year old man recently , double my age . i just shrank into ... damn ! infps have good taste in cars ! ! i'm very keen on the nudity ! instead of face painting , can we have body painting ? the only thing is - i'm still needing to do my daily commute in it . so it will have to be reasonably comfortable and have really advanced tech - like a heater , air-con and maybe one of them ... i lol-led at the hearse - was actually imagining myself earlier driving to work in a hearse ... cool cars guys ! of course , the plymout prowler would be awesome too . i need to hear that engine ! ... loving the el camino ! it would depend on uk availability though ... been looking on ebay and the like to see what's around . some pretty cool cars from the 1930 ' s actually ... err ... the implication is that i am from africa ! but if originating from the sun works for you - let's go with that ;) i would celebrate ! i'd have us make our way away from the wreckage and hide our trail , so that we cannot be found by what those in control call civilization . i could be happy under the ... it goes without saying that whatever i get , it should be fast enough to get enough speeding tickets in a 1 mile strip to solve europe's debt crisis :P hi guys i think and dream of cars as much as sex . actually , if i'm honest , i probably think of cars more than i think of sex ... anyway , with my new job that i am starting in may , i am thinking ... i used to play all sorts nowadays , i am limited to travian and some random tower defence games on my phone and tablet . i'm really sorry for all the annoyance and thread hijacking i've caused . i'll stop posting now as per my other thread , thank you for all the input and care . much appreciated ! i apologise ... hello please change my name to infpguy i would be very grateful ! why is that ? yes , i was about to , on my wedding night , lose my virginity to the girl i married ! what upsets me , is that i didn't get the sexual fun and intimacy that was promised me . what hurts is that it was ... guys , don't blame religion ! religion seems to be taking the flack for everything that goes wrong . tell me , is marriage not for better or worse ? surely , as enlightened human beings we don't ... i prepare sermons ... i started training as a sniper . then i applied to go to the air force where my heart lies . my commanding officer called me to a meeting and told me that they will not be taking my application ... that is quite possibly one of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me ! thank you :) damn , i wish i could serve in the armed forces ! to serve my country and my family . i would love that . and no , i am not romanticizing war - i know war personally . the smells , sounds and agony . ... primavera by ludovico einuadi . that man is a genius . makes the most beautiful colour with his music ... hi i just wanted to thank all you infps ( and non infp folk ) who grace this forum . for me , a male infp , the world has been a cold , dark place . like a desolate volcanic landscape , devoid of ... op , please accept my apologies for hijacking your thread - though now you might see the ironic pain in remaining a virgin ... i can't ! perhaps it is time to get this into my delusional , ... dying alone or in a crowd - doesn't matter much , as long as it is soon ! i love driving ! i have a 330 coupe bmw . it is fast and made from awesomeness ! :p roud : what kind of driver are you ? a very agressive one ! ! morons on the road who don't know what they're doing ... how am i not letting you understand me ? i remained a virgin , saved myself for my wife until we got married . she didn't she had her sex , did all her experimentation and now can't be asked . as she ... that's not it . it's that there is no interest from the other side ... how odd ... why would you have chosen that name ? a lifetime of anticipation , i waited for the great feast ! a lifetime of discipline , to spare my appetite not to spoil it on mere junk food ! as the big day came the menu was discussed - in ... i used to want to be remembered as a hero . now i don't care - i just look forward to dying ... it's like breathing - i can't not , despite how i might try a lifetime of anticipation , i waited for the great feast ! a lifetime of discipline , to spare my appetite not to spoil it on mere junk food ! as the big day came the menu was discussed - in ... this is me exactly . i devalue myself as a matter of course . if i do something good , i tend to put the focus and credit on others or just play it down . when i do something bad , i beat myself up . ... the beauty of synaesthesia is that it is built-in ! i can access it while i am at work , no drugs required . but if i really release myself and allow myself to enjoy it , i can space out quite well ! ... synesthesia - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia here's a link . i used to think everyone has it and that it is a normal way for people to experience life . the term infp for instance , sounds like ... i don't need man-made chemicals . i have number , grapheme and sound synaesthesia . all i do to get high is to find some quiet time & space and let my senses loose . music especially does it for me ... hi all i can add to this is to never ever compromise on this ! i was a virgin until i was married . i decided to remain a virgin long before i even knew my wife existed . she never did that and ... yes ; the walking dead '