' jaime 91 it seems to me that you are in need of control in regard to what you and your husband are doing on dates and holidays as a way of making up for a lack of control in regard to something else ... haha , i wish :P i have never been popular . i have always been a nerd who took school seriously and never did anything to gain popularity among the cool kids . :) perfect ! thank you , sapphire sage ! i placed them in this order : dgheafcb , which ended up being fe-ti-ne-si te-se-fi-ni . does everyone with a specific personality type have to have the stereotypic ... thej i have used many tests . they all type me as f and j , but the e / i and n / s vary . also i wanted to learn more about the cognitive functions , and i thought that if i wrote some examples of how i am ... sapphire sage what do you mean dominant previewed or judger ? just j or p ? sapphire sage i have gotten some feedback that say i use ne instead of ni . do you agree ? i'm actually now thinking i'm esfj , because i use ne and ti as well as fe a lot . when i do tests my f / i and ... buttahfly i've studied thea more now , and i know i relate to fe , ne and ti . probably also si . i'm leaning towards esfj , but with a well developed ne ti maybe . yes they do , but don't esfjs do it more ? you weren't offensive . to seem like an esfj is not a negative thing , thereby pointing it out to someone isn't offensive . i posted the scores to you , an intp , because i thought it was funny that i ... i agree that they are quite easy to tell apart . i have many intp guy friends , and while i'm always reliable when it comes to appointments , they are not . they play a lot of video games , i do not . i ... i know :) ti-ne-si-fe vs fe-si-ne-ti not that different after all despite being complete opposites in the mbti letters . deviantcode funny enough , this was the resultat of my cognitive functions test yesterday :P this was fe . esfjs are more than fe :) i think i'm esfj . i think this site is really interesting . however , my only reason for sometimes wanting to leave is the stigma and judgemental attitude that esfjs seem to experience in here . it's ... i think i'd prefer an nf over nt any day , if that's any comfort . which it probably isn't , because i probably belong to a type that is far below any nf in popularity on this site . in fact i think it's ... hi pinina ! thanks for your reply ! i think you're right . after having learned a bit about ne ni and te ti , i recognise ne more than ni , and ti a lot more than te . i'm not sure about my ese result ... yes , that's what i'm in the process of now . it's just that i haven't understood them all yet . fe / fi i think i understand well , and i can relate to both of them , but especially fe . the list i ... so it's been a year since the last post , but i'm still doing this :P i posted some facts about myself in a few groups to learn what kind of cognitive functions i often use ( apparently it was ne and ... first : i meant that i think i am xxxj second : interesting ! so i seem to be using ne quite a lot in general , then , based on both your answers :) thank you so much for helping me ! really appreciate ... thank you so much for your nice feedback ! you make an excellent point . of course it doesn't matter which personality type you fit into - you will always be an individual first with your own personal ... that's very interesting , thank you ! i was quite certain i was judging , though , but i really appreciate other ideas . if i may , i'd like to give one other exampel i'd like to know the function of : ... i have a list of qualities i was wondering if you could help me place into a letter , a cognitive function or a personality type . since it is not a very long list i naturally accept many ... i have a list of qualities i was wondering if you could help me place into a letter , a cognitive function or a personality type . since it is not a very long list i naturally accept many ... i have a list of qualities i was wondering if you could help me place into a letter , a cognitive function or a personality type . since it is not a very long list i naturally accept many ... on a scale from 1-10 how : 1 . happy are you ? 5 2 . socially skilled are you ? 8 3 . lazy are you ? 4 4 . emotional are you ? 9 247154 drew my bosses as superheroes because just taking a picture was too boring :) i hardly ever cried groing up . now i cry every now and then . if movies touch me , especially if someone in the movie gets hurt or very disappointed , i cry . but also sometimes from a happy ending ( no , ... before knowing anything about mbti , i had an intp boyfriend . we got along fine mostly because we had fun , and could joke about the same things . only problem was , he hurt my feelings all the time . i ... i do that too ! :D i'm quite often online , though my impression is that esfjs mostly are out with friends . my problem is , i'm not really that popular :P also , my e and s are quite weak , even though ... math has always been my favorite subject . probably because it was logical and therefore easy , and also it involves a lot of tidying up ( equations and such ) which i for some reason have always liked ... i can't answer your question . i don't know the types of all scientists , or even some for that matter . there may be none . that just doesn't prove anything in my opinion . not being a genious does not ... to change your sentence slightly : also please point out the significant contributions to the intellectual fields ( look at newton ( intj ) and einstein ( intp ) ) you've made , to confirm the idea that you ... i do not have to stroll the internet for an esfj genius to reject the statement of esfjs being stupid . it doesn't matter . you are not smart just because newton shared your personality type . i wish ... are intps in general extremely judgemental and generalising , or is that just you as an individual ? i am sure you don't know the type of every person you meet , and when you meet someone you see as ... thank you for answering me ! and sorry i'm so late at responding to your much appreciated answers :) he might be intp , istp or isfp as you have suggested . i thought maybe isfps had better eyes for ... so , i have great trouble identifying my fathers personality . he took a test giving him xsfp , but taking a cognitive functions test the most dominant functions were fe ni te se ( and then ti si fi ne ) ... now i feel more confused than ever . which personality types should i look more into ? or could i actually be any , from all the things i've written ? maybe i have no personality :P thank you so much , grim ! i think i am more externally focused , but i will try to be more aware of that in future situations . i have just bought my first apartment and cannot wait to have my friends ... grim maybe you have a comment too ? i heard you were good at this :) that's very true . bad traits often come with good , though , and esfjs are good to be around when you go through something sad and difficult . no judgement , only comfort . :) thank you so much for your feedback :) you may be right . i wish i could find examples of how isfjs and esfjs wold behave in different situations so i could compare myself to them . with my friend , i ... i am already considering it . but i'm still also considering esfj because when i hear a description of isfjs being private and don't express themselves with ease that's not me . as i said i can open up ... what do you mean by this ? i know every personality type has every cognitive function , but when i take the cognitive functions tests , fe , fi , si and te are alway on top . ti and ne are always amongst ... thank you for replying :) sorry about the stupidity thing , it's just , i've read it so many places now . and those who defend the esfjs say that they aren't stupid , just smart in a different , ... hi , hope someone can give me some insight as to which personality type i may be . i've used to think of myself as an esfj , but lately i'm considering isfj . i have taken several mbti tests , and my ... this is why you dislike esfjs ? :) hi all you sweet , sweet people . esfj here ! must be annoying disliking every tenth person you come across , huh ? i've now read quite alot about my type and understood it's one of the least liked types ... i got intp , so i guess it works :) i'm esfj with a weak e :P i believe the meaning of life is nothing . i'm not here for any other reason than coincidence . however , it's up to me to make the best of it , and i am free to do so :) haha , i'm picturing it :) '