' they have to do the bloodwork before they can prescribe you anything . they can't just take your word that you need xyz unless you have a doctor's referral or a prescription already . going to a ... my own experiences , and admittedly , i'm not sure how much is things i just haven't processed in myself . i've had a few close friendships with folks would blame me for being inconsiderate when my own ... i'm being really blunt here , but he's moved on . you're expecting things you no longer can have from him . you don't own the venue or the tickets . he has his own emotional connections to this place , ... i would say confidence is appealing , as underlying it is often emotional maturity and experience / know-how--and there's probably an element of knowing what you're going to get from this person , not ... the other wrongness at its core is that the social hierarchy theory of wolves is based on a bad study that has since led to many false conclusions about how wolf packs , dog training , and anything ... for the most part , no . i would be worried they'd prejudge me . the theory is interesting , but i wouldn't use the terms alpha and beta . for one thing , these terms originated when determining the social hierarchy of wolf packs , which has since proved to be ... hmm ... something like that , yes . but faster . super freaky fast ! i tried simulating an online environment by upping the miscommunication value ( and changing nothing else ) , since just text = more miscommunication . the always-cheaters won out . kind of scary . bing ! here's one ! poof ! oops , there it goes again . have to be faster . another possibility for you to play with : http://www.quotesvalley.com/images/48/true-friendship-comes-when-the-silence-between-two-people-is-comfortable-30.jpg in other words , she might be quiet ... i came home from college a few years ago to find my brother and mom fighting . i told their therapist about it , and she basically told me to butt out of it . they scream at each other . they throw ... dear intp , so it was the medicine thing , as i at first suspected . this is what you do to me , i swear : https://cdn.xl.thumbs.canstockphoto.com/canstock9697648.jpg love , infj have you asked them why ? what context did they lie in ? can't say a lot without details , but ... some lie because they're trying to protect your feelings . some because they're scared of the ... does your school offer a speech class ? if you can't take it yourself , that teacher or professor might be able to give you a few pointers . there's a lot of little tips you can find around the ... for me , it means not getting so wrapped in one single person that , if that person leaves , my world collapses . i mean , i will still feel grief after a loss , but i have at least a few things to pick up ... i think the fact that almost all the disney parents get killed in some way is more worrisome than the hunchback's subject matter . that said ... frollo's more adult motivations went over my head as ... dear intp , yeah , i don't really have an excuse for ghosting on you , except that mentally i was just done with the questions and anxiety . i don't know how i will come back . i haven't checked my ... you have to work on yourself before you can really be present in a relationship with another . my advice would be to take this time apart to improve on your living situation and your mental and ... ah , that's anatomy . it's a lot of rote memory , which is the role of si , our worst function . get into physiology and i imagine you'll have an easier time , as it's not so much about the names of the ... i take forever when i have nothing to say and have to formulate an answer that makes it look like i had something to say . or when i have an answer that's complicated or not politically correct ... but you're one of my favorite people here . : sad : if people don't talk about it , it just grows swollen and painful like a blister until it pops messily . the sjws may then realize what happens when they become the oppressors of divergent thoughts ... people often have to hit rock bottom before they have the motivation to make a change to their unhealthy lifestyles . and as difficult as it can be on the other end , sometimes that rock bottom is ... well , i didn't pare it down enough on the first go-around and ended up having to do 19000 + comparisons . so i redid it . 2016 comparisons . then i gave up . just too much for my brain to handle . i ... http://s15.postimg.org/m0iy8tawr/Untitled.png oh my . still going . sometimes , yes . i think it's because my desire for closeness with someone vs . my level of trust and openness with the particular one i'm seeing do not always match up . with that said , it also ... the infj personality has little in common with the aries archetype . pretty much ... moon in scorpio , but that doesn't really fit me either . dear intp , if the wishy-washy is you ghosting me , please just tell me . it'd be less painful for both of us . and if you're not , i'm worried . this is a pretty dramatic shift for you . i don't ... gosh , that sounds terrible . surely there's a silver lining ? hey , you ! how's it going ? tell me something amazing that happened to you today ! :) the thing about advice is that almost no one ... https://whatismyspiritanimal.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Deer-Spirit-Totem-Power-Animal-Symbolism-Meaning-1200x1200.jpg and http://www.spiritanimal.info/wp-content/uploads/turtle-totem-300.jpg ... ouch . lays the guilt on a little thick , doesn't it ? overall , your relationship with your mother is between you and her . some parents are not worthy of the name . others are just as confused and ... well , my second dog died last night . went to sleep in the evening and just never woke up again , so it was peaceful and painless . this whole past year and a half , it's been a any day now kind of ... one method is asking three people who are unconnected to each other ( don't really talk amongst themselves or share similar backgrounds ) . if they all say the same things , those things are probably ... oh , if you like sheogorath , play the shivering isles expac of oblivion . some of their best writing , and he is a total nut ( you go to his realm and muck around ) . this probably says it best : the highly sensitive person âx80x93 it's a neural difference . your senses are stronger . in some situations this is a bad thing ( for instance , trauma and pain hits harder ... no , i wouldn't say so . many of those 18 dichotomies overlap when it comes to their causal root , so scoring positively for more of them doesn't mean there's more wrong with you , it's just more likely ... same ( though more towards attracting people who are socially awkward or have a disorder of some sort ) . i think it's because i'm more likely to be patient with their quirks . i last watched hello dolly , that happened to be on tv . i finally figured out where this song in wall-e comes from as a result ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9kJShlF7z0 yup ! mehrunes dagon and boethiah specifically ( another thing about the bad daedra , that they are seen as testers and teachers , rather than an evil that has to be destroyed through and through ... ) ... supposedly the max number a group can be for humans is 150 until people start wanting to separate out again . don't think i'd tie it to just population as far as the rats are concerned though , as that ... supposedly this is why communism doesn't work longterm . i definitely do think that in order to get better , we have to fail sometimes . and the same thing about getting better at feeling happy , i ... ask for a transfer to another department / shift ? but really it might be best just to call it quits and get the hell out of dodge before she can smear your reputation . that kind of thing can ... not sure , really . the one that i know for sure has some strong political views gets real defensive when her stuff is critiqued , but seems to do an okay job otherwise . she's an emotional writer for ... the difference between the camel and the horse , is that the camel will spit but the horse will kick . i like to think its not that , or not all that . but looking back at my tamriel rebuilt ( for which i am a lead dev for now , and never had a problem of respect like this ! ) and think of how all the ... lol , yes , that map is ... not real useful . supposedly this how they make you buy more stuff ( might need a couch and a bed after wandering around for too long , after all ) . colorado springs , yup , for most of my life . also moved to fort collins for college briefly , and may move back up in that direction for grad school . but that'll be a year or two . '