' peace and no more fucked up feelings . mr . meepers , awww , that is possibly the sweetest post i've ever seen here . someone to watch a movie with me . preferably someone who will put their arm around me and generally be awesome . i want him to want me . maybe he does . also don't want to be sick . oh , god , i feel for you ... : sad : like i mentioned earlier , i prefer that kind of honesty , even though i might take it personal initially sometimes if what you say seems harsh . but it seems to differ between different isfjs . i'd ... yeah , i guess it depends on how you define it . but the example he gave was something i'd be able to handle . :) i don't agree with you on this . at least not in this situation . i don't like every friendship to be like this , but i absolutely need a friend or two who will call me out on my bullshit and tell me ... i'm thinking about cake . blackberry cake and those damn delicious looking blueberry meringue things in the café at the museum i work at . have to watch them all day ... if you believe things aren't great with her boyfriend , all i can say is , be the best person you can be . give her the possibilty to realise that she might be better off without the guy . it can be hard ... an isfj can leave their partner for another person . i did once . however , the other person wasn't the only reason for me leaving my current boyfriend , he was more of a catalyst . i doubt an isfj will ... i was gonna say this , but then i saw that you had already said it ! i'd definitely pick 7 , and i'm norwegian . :) hardly sounds like isfj behaviour at all , are you sure about her type ? i've never met an isfj who was that inconsiderate of people's feelings , and rarely heard of isfjs who threw temper tantrums ... i loved it ! ! i was so afraid for one moment when quill began his heroic speech after saving gamora , but no , that was also hilarious . good observation about thanos , though . i'd need to rewatch it ... yay , saxophone ! how long have you been playing , and what kind of music do you play ? i study for a bachelor's degree in classical saxophone . i also play the piano and the violin ( mostly folk music ... if there were objective standards to maturity , there would have to be objective standards to personalities . that being said , i don't view maturity in itself as bullshit . learning to know yourself and ... i get along with entps quite well in real life . never had the impression they viewed me as simple . we usually have great discussions , where both parties can say what they mean without worrying about ... is thanos xntj just because he's evil ? :P we only heard him speak for about ten seconds ... i can agree with rocket being estj ! he's all about his plans . other than that i haven't thought much ... i actually considered voting istj , because the two istjs i know both come off as very sweet . i'm a little surprised more people haven't voted for them . they're cuddly ( yes , they are ! both of them ! ) , ... agree with a lot of the logic your post , but you don't have to be an intuitive to identify with the traits ascribed to ravenclaw ! this is well done . i wonder , though , how much correlation there actually is . what house you end up in ultimately depends on your own choice , meaning it has more to do with values than functions . now , ... i rarely speak in absolutes , but i'm inclined to agree for the most part . i always want to believe the best of everyone , so i will always want to forgive if it's possible . this means that when i ... i liked most of your post , teddy 564339 , so i feel like commenting on a few things ! yep . reading this thread i get the feeling that a lot of the people who claim that they understand sjs don't ... how isfj of you . : tongue : oh god , i know . if there's no particular reason for it happening , and you never get true closure ... that really sucks . i mean , sometimes friendships fade naturally , but when you want to keep going ... the conclusion is the same for me ; i will stop initiating contact . however , i really , really do not take the matter of losing a friend lightly . i will try to talk things over , even though i hate ... oh , the subtle istj avoidance ... please just tell them , i've been subtly avoided by an istj once , and it fucked me up . :P what am i thinking about ? how unfortunate that i should meet the best entp ... shut the fuck up , snoring cousin i have to share a room with for three days , i'm trying to sleep ! ! ( though i miiight be thinking it ... ) haha ! silly puns are the best . :D i'm intrigued by how much a non-sj wants to convince the rest of the world that sjs are this and that . that paragraph was actually to explain why an sj would talk about laundry detergent . it wasn't about laundry detergent per se . should also be noted i don't spend my whole day talking about stuff like ... oh , by the way . for the record , if i was to discuss laundry detergent , it would probably be to recommend something i've discovered that works well or something . laundry detergent isn't the best ... this is better . however , i still don't agree that sjs are simple and plain , even if you don't mean it in a condescending way . si is very much a complex function , though extremely different from ni ... said the person who just stated that intuitives are more special than sensors . sorry , you've got it all wrong if you think sjs are content to remain as they are . sorry . that's just ... not me or any other sj i know or have ever met . being an sj does not mean dimwittedly ... i don't care how you feel about this . i'm not extremely versed in enneagram and haven't pinned down my type yet , but i repeatedly score 4 ( w5 ) in tests either as dominant type or as number two in the tritype . not sure it's actually my ... yeah , i kind of agree . i'm not against ldrs , but if i'm in one i will want to meet the guy as often as possible . if the distance is too great for that , if we cannot meet at least once a month ( in my ... personally , i fall in love with the person , not the circumstances , at least to a certain extent . i'm open to long distance if i meet a person who's worth it , though i obviously would prefer to meet ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? maybe bungee jumping , if the opportunity presented itself to me , but i don't see myself actively seeking it out ... skydiving , i don't ... my immediate thought was that you must have had that profile for a long time with a username like that . and i was right ! : tongue : i'm into rock , pop , classical , folk and soundtrack , including : ... i'm perfectly aware of that , as i said in my previous post . but there are limits to everything . my impression is that op's mother crosses the line in her expectations . as for being around people ... what you need to understand is that not everyone is like you . you talk about how mbti is for personal growth , but it's also a great tool for understanding how other people are different from you . i ... no problem , you didn't hurt me . :) i just felt the need to point it out , because the way you phrased yourself it could be interpreted that way . i can understand why you would feel guilty about a ... i would certainly appreciate if you stopped saying that she's ' so s omg ' as if that is what makes her a bad person . it is not . her being very s may well be a reason for some difficulties in ... i know , and i laughed ! :P wait , what ? google search history i wonder how some people can have such extremely strong reluctance against long-distance relationships . it's as if they fall in love with the circumstances , not the person . i'm fascinated by intjs , i lurk in your forums every now and then . i just don't post here . :P i don't think they are . i love cuddling , kissing , holding hands ... i do need my alone time , if there is a lot of cuddling in a short amount of time ( like spending a weekend with a boyfriend ) i will ... '