' i'm quite sure that an entp can spend lots of time alone and still engage in extraversion . sounds like you think an entp is an estp sounds like you're just immature tbh . scared to be withdrawn . you have to be able to be alone and not fall to pieces . 1 ) what annoys you about people ? deliberate ignorance . identitarian politics 2 ) were you interested in politics in your teen years ? yes , i was a debater from grade 10 all the way through ... why are you upset about it ? there must be a personal element involved , as you wouldn't be all that concerned about these women making apparently terrible dating decisions unless those decisions also ... instrumental music , especially if it is repetitive , soothes my mind and allows me to concentrate even in the worst circumstances . this song has lyrics but has a repetition that is quite relaxing ... : kitteh : of course : 3 : kitteh : silence isn't necessary , but i keep my workspace in a certain aesthetic mode for a reason and do not take well to interruption or distraction . if that means listening to the same song on repeat and ... on the to read list . from what i understand it will be quite the undertaking . not as entirely necessary as one might imagine these days . http://i.imgur.com/40XoeoL.jpg was on the return leg of the trip at 7am . i was up and driving by 5am . that's early for me for sure ! : tongue : early morning trips to the airport are fun . 489442 i'm 6 ' 1 and about 200lbs ( 195 on a good day ) . i have 2 pairs of square frame glasses and keep a short , lenin-style goatee . here's a quick snapshot of my outfit today : ... i was a debater in high school and college , and i met plenty of people who fit the cruz archetype - they were loaded up with fe , most likely exfj , and knew how to use it to their advantage . cruz is ... some quite common appearances in my playlists lately : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa2RIlsbOvA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdPml5QhMIA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrunO4Nh_k0 auditory / verbal / visual + kinesthetic when learning ideas i prefer to hear them while i write them down . when learning a skill i prefer to hear and see it explained once , then do it until i get ... http://i.imgur.com/ntahz4z.png?1 after my most recent haircut . http://i.imgur.com/v6EpsIb.jpg just woke up ;) a lie is any statement made with the intention of being deceptive , misleading , inaccurate , or false . if one omits information with the intention of being deceptive , misleading , inaccurate , or false , ... i believe the only necessary point of discussion here is the moral status of deception . what lies behind a lie ( ayy lmao ) is the intent to deceive . whether you are deceptive by omitting information ... i do that a lot actually , leaving the last of an odd number of lines in a different rhyme . entirely unintentional , though . i'm not quite that smooth lol my post rhymed , you just added style and meter . i've been spending hella hours scribbling in my notebook , so i'm honestly not surprised i penned a rhyme like that :P ah , to be young and new to perc . ' tis a sight to behold , a fresh entp raring to get down to brass tax . as long as the oldfags are still up to the task of keeping the newbs in line : kitteh : if i weren't single , how could i get enough quality time with myself ? but seriously , how ? i chose male and prefer female just because i thought it would be the least chosen category ( which it was , along with female and prefer female , though f / f had a vote before i cast mine ) . i would say ... og chillin back in my cs lewis society aka super awesome philosophical discussion club 5000 in high school https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CB29n8cW4AAHmMg.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3crqpClPY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYAc7gB-0A bellisaurius is actually his kid ! if you're just looking for cool ideas , why not just ask for cool ideas rather than frame it as prove that ur a jeanyus rite nao ? the purpose of this thread was obviously to bait people into ... i'm insecure ? i never claimed to be a genius . you're the one that came in here demanding evidence for claims that weren't made . your style of trolling is boring and easily discovered . please try ... go think of your own damn genius ideas . since when are you someone i have to prove anything to ? im ok with this gravedig because flula is a god among esl men i love driving ! i also failed my first road test . during the parallel park , i tapped the curb with my back wheel ( and when i say tapped , i mean tapped . i didn't fuck it up ) and the cunty road test ... there was a time when we had really good discussions in this subforum , especially about the natures of the functions and how we see them manifesting in our lives . nowadays i don't even bother ... somewhere between chaotic neutral and chaotic good . i can't stress enough the importance of loyalty , as i'm sure any other entp would . the best advice i can give you is to always be direct and straightforward when it comes to issues of loyalty . if you ... a 15 year old is being awkward with a girl ? flip flopping between interested and literally running away ? ? ? : laughing : good luck getting a 15 year old entp to commit to anything http://i.imgur.com/8LMZ3ym.png seriously . the internet has spit out some shit-tier memes , but this takes the cake . it took me seconds to figure out that they had just fucked with the lighting to alter the appearance of the colors ... 1 . earn credits 2 . spend credits on items desired 3 . if no items are desired , no credits are earned result : entp will be surrounded by the things he / she desires but will not have a large amount ... i lasted a year at my last place of employment . in fact , it was almost exactly a year to the day . in the end , i was bored and my boss had just hired a consultant who preferred to micromanage . so i ... what is the difference between ocpd and ocd ? i hear you . i haven't worked in a public sector job , but i can imagine . entp's have this if you aren't gonna do it up to my satisfaction , just put it down and i'll do it myself ugh perfectionism ... intelligence is generally the biggest turn on for me . the more times i think to myself ooh , that's a new word / idea / perspective . must investigate further , noted during our conversations , the more ... i used to be in the same situation as a lot of you , bored out of my mind and disappointed with the drones i was going to university with . a year after dropping out , i'm experiencing regret for the ... a hermit who is the life of the party . an empathetic practical joker . i would consider these train wrecks as a kind of passive thinking , a simple manifestation of dominant ne . a perfect storm of patterns , creativity , and potential , with nobody truly at the wheel ... while i am not an intp , i have multiple intp buddies who experience something similar . pump some liquor into them and they start rambling like the world is ending in a few minutes and someone else ... waves of water crashing on a sand castle . when you're quick witted and can always sound like you know what you're talking about , people tend to do what you want . more often than not i just ask for what i want and it happens . ne ti thinks creatively and tactically . puzzles , problems , ideas are naturally broken down into component parts and understood in a categorized manner . and it all happens at breakneck speed . '