' opting for the blue pill . from a christian intj's point of view , at least my own looks like nothing you could even imagine or compare it , god to . god is and is imo he's also the master intj and therefore can't be put in ... rather not . over a week . it was not fun ! depends on to whom i'm speaking the fancy words to . i could to someone who understands and appreciates or just to baffle someone i wish to get rid of . it seems we currently are experiencing a number of random issues with the forum . these could include : ghost private messages , incorrectly dated pms , old pms becoming unread , phantom notifications , ... number of random issues with the forum ... sucks ! spent a lot of time playing or make that creating , reading and researching at the library . not much has changed except i research the net more than library these days . what makes me happy is to be respected for my need to be alone and work on my work ( whatever that may be ) and when i trust you enough to share it with you , you give me honest feedback and don't try ... i let them know in an obvious way . it takes as long as it takes . if it takes too long , it won't take . we have patience but not eternal . no orionelf , intjs are only sapiosexual . a huge space with every tool ( artistic in my case ) available . no contact unless i want it and a gofer to take care of the petty stuff i don't want to deal with . incompetence , particularly when it comes to incompetent business entities and their staff . am i the only intj who gets some of my best ideas first thing in the morning before even getting out of bed ? it's as if they come out of nowhere and i didn't even try to think of them or figure them ... wonderful thread , so many talented intj's , wow ! here's a few of mine just sitting on desktop . as far as creativity , i'm all over the place . i get into one thing and when i feel i've mastered it ... i collect tools and materials . art , crafts and construction . i also collect anything that might be useful any given day when i have an inventive idea . wood , plastic , glass , tin , twine , wire ... and ... i really enjoy hiking and camping , too . allows me to get out of my head get far from the crowds . :) i thought i'd add that i enjoy planning my trips almost as much . in fact this summer i've sewn , ... i'm actually pretty photogenic when not forced to smile . forced smiles are so fake , i hate them as anything that is . intelligence turns me on more than porn ever could . veni vidi vici : wink : one i've never heard before , love it ! one i've never heard before , love it ! you prefer your own company over anyone else . i relate to many posts here , especially the tile designs . one thing i remember as a kid around 4 yrs . i'd take sheets of paper towels with the designs printed on them of flowers , butterflies and the ... don't minimize our complaints . if it's important enough for us to bring up , it matters to our relationship , really ! do take it seriously . we don't nag . just because someone has a child does not automatically make them loving or care for you or a good source of advice . some parents in fact can be cold , jealous , manipulative and needy . there certainly ... yes , loud people really grate on me , especially when there's no reason for it . why do they feel the need to talk louder than necessary ? is it some sort of insecurity that they need to know others are ... mars , and you ? whenever i feel the need for it . being in a room full of people talking about trivial topics . i hate any technical device to be on when i sleep , especially any with a light source that blinks repetitively . like a computer , cell phone and so forth , the same goes for anything with a repetitive ... i really don't think i have any . what i really like is cold porcelain . it's not clay at all , but very much like polymer clay but no bake . you make it yourself and very economical . play-doh or clay seriously ! :) i would rather die of passion than of boredom - vincent van gogh when people hate you there are two reasons for it . there's something in you they don't like or there's something in you they ... a foolish faith in authority is the worst enemy of the truth . - albert einstein http://youtu.be/7O7Jeei6wv0 encounter them all the time . the worst are in my own family . how do i deal with them ? i don't . i've learned it's not worth my time . let them be jealous , it's their deal , not mine . you can't make ... we examine precisely , we aim precisely , we take out precisely . - it's hard to tell what you are thinking / good , if i wanted you to know , i'd tell you . - how can you not care ? ( one of my other friends trying to drag me into their drama ) / easy - i can always ... amen ! lol ! people don ’ t want to hear the truth because they don ’ t want their illusions destroyed . - neitzsche 14/20 okay though disappointed . agree with others here that vids aren't long enough and would be helpful to have more sensory input , especially hearing and would like to know what was said to get the ... i loathe christmas , except the punch . cheers ! http://24.media.tumblr.com/a2dc6f6578993229ae7b996e0850f901/tumblr_mxytqt8IgI1spale7o1_400.gif taking a walk in nature with nothing but my shepherd and camera in tow . the whole thing is spoiled if there are any other people around to shatter the solitude . on the other hand sometimes i get ... i agree with superbored . there are only a handful of people that i can totally be myself around . usually i see myself as a type of chameleon , ever changing according to my social surroundings . for me ... x93believe nothing , no matter where you read it , or who said it , no matter if i have said it , unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense . x94 - buddha x93all that we are is the result ... x93the mind is sharper and keener in seclusion and uninterrupted solitude . no big laboratory is needed in which to think . originality thrives in seclusion free of outside influences beating upon us to ... when you can predict with accuracy what a person will say including their tone of voice and body language . we seldom miss a thing . we're like a walking radar system . thank god we're not all ... '