' thank you ! i forgot to reply on this . i talk to him casually when i need something or help but not as we we're good friends . he sometimes tries to reach out , i respond to his casually . i don't want ... k is a closet and as a typical isfj he is trying to fit in as a machismo . he told me that the spark was gone , that while he was trying to court me , i was so vague that eventually he feared his ... update : recently i left for out of town because i was really upset on how things are going on with me and this person . i had to compromise my school papers just to get a different environment away ... i just want his friendship back . when we have the opportunity to speak about this , i will tell him . though right now , since he is already in speaking terms with me , i'll leave it at that so not to ... i know i am being blamed because i was never direct to him in fear of rejection . i am also defending myself that in the first place , he was never direct to me as well . we started as that when i ... i agree on your point . he may not really be or may have backed out . he started our friendship and he ended it . i may have been attracted to him but i never initiated any romantic relationship with ... this is how it ended : a few weeks ago he already gave me a cold shoulder , the way he responds and the way he generally treats me . i brushed it off since i don't want it to be an issue , knowing ... i've already apologized to him personally that i made him feel i'm clingy . he said it's ok . i also thanked him for spending time gym with me . he's still avoidant in a way like not wanting to seat ... he knows me for 2 years and has seen my tendencies - i mean behavior and attitude , already as a person . it was never an issue before and why would he invite me to gym and spend time for 2 months if ... i don't think that all his actions will be based on that . it would seem very immature that he would fixate his friendship on basis of that . i would say rather that there is a different reason for him ... he wasn't pushing you away because he's interested in someone else . that's just how you interpret it to make yourself feel like you had any special significance in his life beforehand . he probably ... this is how it ended : http://personalitycafe.com/isfj-forum-nurturers/726410-sraight-gay-crush-isfj-11.html#post25141282 this is how it ended : a few weeks ago he already gave me a cold shoulder , the way he responds and the way he generally treats me . i brushed it off since i don't want it to be an issue , knowing ... i will be honest and tell him next time he jokes about it . if he continues to be like that , then the problem is not me anymore . kerik_s i am not whitewashing myself i never did , i would not have posted in intp and here if i did not have any plans of undoing my offenses . i will tell him seriously that i am gay next time ... kerik_s he already told me that he doesn't mind me being gay , that should settle any issues about my sexuality . this man has a sharp mind and he can read between the lines . he is not a low iq jock ( no offense ) that doesn't know what people imply by their words and actions . i'm not gonna argue and assume ... i am totally accountable of my actions , the reason i posted the first thread in the intp section was for me to get advise on how i can take him back as a friend . i was able to take him back as a ... no . my jokes are enough to tell him i'm gay especially that tell it to him i'm gay and he's my type . if he is not decided yet or is ashamed to admit to me , it is okay . what i dislike is his way of ... my past actions are always being brought up , even though i have done actions to compensate for it . would you think we will have this friendship and kind of banter if i kept hurting him ? would a ... it is evident that i am changing that by the effort i am putting to this friendship and by being more direct to him . it would have been better if he reciprocated and not have this mind games . it's ... thank you greco i know i have offended him before , but it was already passed . we have a different friendship now and i and trying to let him see that i really like him and i even tell him that when ... i am not toying with him ! i am already making myself vulnerable to him by admitting that i like him , yet he chooses to play games with me . i never toyed with him , i clearly stated that i still did not know if i wanted a relationship with him that time therefore i did not give a clear sign on how i felt . offending me and pissing me off ... good for you dude . tell him to take that asshattery elsewhere . now , if he's any part decent , he'll stop reaching out to you or will come clean about what he's doing . if he starts to cling again , you ... i'm giving this guy chances to be understood before i close out , since i might not open up to him anymore once i decide to end my association with him . i'll start next week by not going to gym ... he already told me that he doesn't mind if i'm gay , i also told him you're my type every time he teases me . his jokes are becoming more sexual and to the point that he is kidding me by pointing to ... well i'm sorry if i treated him like that before . i said that i did not have interest at him before and i was deciding that time . it was after that time that he invited me to gym with him and told me ... my initial line of thought was to know if he was gay , as i have said i have tons of straight friends manlier than him . he is the only one doing this to me , which had me thinking he was up to ... i already told him to tell me if he doesn't want to go to gym with me anymore , he just replied it's not like that , it's just tough love . if i make him that uncomfortable , i'll do the honor of ... i have straight friends who are manlier than him , it would be a stereotype to say that to straight men - though i get your point that that's how men usually joke around . i would refuse to accept that ... that's true . i thought he would be a good friend since he was the one who approached the friendship and was the one to asked me to gym with him twice since i declined initially . i thought it would be ... well he admitted to me that he does it on purpose because he finds me easy to piss off . so i decided not to continue to gym with him after next week . what he's doig is totally disrespectful and a ... he does that to make me jealous to see my reaction . well he admitted to me that he does it on purpose because he finds me easy to piss off . so i decided not to continue to gym with him after next ... well he admitted to me that he does it on purpose because he finds me easy to piss off . so i decided not to continue to gym with him after next week . what he's doig is totally disrespectful and a ... well he admitted to me that he does it on purpose because he finds me easy to piss off . so i decided not to continue to gym with him after next week . what he's doig is totally disrespectful and a ... i was really offended when he asked our common friend to go out of town with them , my reason is i am always with him at the gym so we're often together even without class , i was also there with his ... he is already doing that when we get teased as gay or bromance by our friends . like when we were walking in a mall with 2 of our classmates , one put her arm on my shoulder ; when he saw that he ... i like him because we have alot of similarities like hobbies , perception on things , and he is attractive to me . i'm just waiting for a clear sign that he is not interested like he tells me he doesn't ... he would just jokingly say , i'm not ready yet , fuck you , or just smile . he would usually open a gay topic and tease me so i retort by telling him i know you're gay and that you like me , or ... i understand . it is very difficult to deal with him . when i told him that i have plans of not going to the same gym with him he refused and wanted me to stay . i don't understand why is he being ... i was really offended when he asked our common friend to go out of town with them , my reason is i am always with him at the gym so we're often together even without class , i was also there with his ... the update was actually above your reply . hopefully you can give your insights . thanks . he was asking me to in to some hobbies to try with him , so i said okay . i said , we can play computer games at your house , just teach me the game . i said i am available the whole week , but he never ... he was asking me to in to some hobbies to try with him , so i said okay . i said , we can play computer games at your house , just teach me the game . i said i am available the whole week , but he never ... how do you see this : he asked me to hang out with him and his friends and they were talking about hiking , they were saying the more the merrier . i was interested to join them but was just waiting ... he was asking me to in to some hobbies to try with him , so i said okay . i said , we can play computer games at your house , just teach me the game . i said i am available the whole week , but he never ... we went to gym earlier , he said he will go his pace . he was a bit more considerate though . so i think it was really a decision , it was just offensive for me that he doesn't communicate properly . i have a friend that i find very moody . i think he is an isfj . the recent offense that i got was when we were working out at the gym . yesterday he was okay with me , though a bit distant because his ... thank you guys . i starter this thread for me to better understand isfj behavior and way of thinking so that i can decide if i can be honest to this friend , especially that his actions were really ... '