' my isfp friend seems to consistently like exxjs . i think he finds it comforting to have the other person be the stronger personality , because he feels like he doesn't have strong personal preferences . i think esfx types can be very alluring to infx types in general . my current partner is an infp and he always seemed to attract esfps more than any other type , as well as a couple of esfjs .   ... the secret window one hour photo death of seasons the beach 21 grams i just want to say , i love this thread . it's so refreshing , so much that's internal and that feels out of reach to describe is being given in such beautiful language . for my own part , i've always ... to create without doubts at every step . to lie with someone and feel a part of them rather than another entity that clings . the ability to think clearly around others . stalking . always with a face turned towards me . but it has no expression . it is nothing but a jagged shadow , and its spikes can never be seen . no face , no limbs , no discernible appendages to ... the man from earth - i've met no-one ( irl ) who has heard of it before i've brought it up to them but most people who have seen it seem to like it . it's definitely interesting , if you enjoy a film ... what is your myers briggs type ? infj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? ( pick max . 3 , in preference order ) hmm ... entp , infp , isfp which are the myers briggs types you ... i believe it's true and i believed it was true before i actually fell in love , but i sympathise in that i wasn't entirely convinced i would be able to sustain it for another person . love is seen ... it varies way too much within types . i'm decent enough at maths , which is lucky because i have to do a lot of it in a chemistry degree ... however my infp boyfriend is just as good as i am and my estp ... i have more friends with a sensing preference that ones with an intuitive preference . i've often found that when i'm with other intuitives we can end up ' talking around ' each other . we go off on ... since it's supposed to lower inhibitions , i imagine it could have all sorts of effects . one of the interesting things is that it doesn't necessarily make you more extraverted . for my part it can ... ^ thank you : happy : imagine the depth of humanity we would have within us after that . do you ever want to just float and be separate from yourself ? to not be held back by being your own person ? i always want the person to feel like the gift is connected to something deep down in them . i kind of don't like obligatory gift-giving like christmas and birthdays because it overwhelms me to be ... i would have the world stand still and repeat until i had spent one day with every person in the world where they told me every dream and desire they'd ever had . i would ask to know the souls of ... infj 1w9 . my perfect christmas starts with waking up in bed with my boyfriend . we lie there cuddling for a while , remembering we have each other . then we make food together for everyone , but ... i relate , but i feel that struggling to communicate is a problem everyone faces . however , some people make sacrifices in what they accept as being ' close enough ' in what they intended others to hear ... currently dating an infp too . in my case he's also an enneagram type four which makes him very intense and hard to reach sometimes . i love him . much more than anyone i've dated before . the simple ... i'm the same way with fluctuating . i was really up and down with people i had feelings for because it changed on my mood with them . when the relationships were going badly it totally disappeared for ... i can't tell whether my infp boyfriend has the higher sex drive or me ... it's really refreshing that we take turns jumping each other's bones though : laughing : it never worked with any of my ... life in a backpack i am a knapsack tender my dreams utterly obscene i make a scene i'm ice-cream give me my box-car and tell me my dreams life , it is cake knife can relate these are all very true for me too ... is it a judging thing to be constantly anticipating ? whenever i know i need to be somewhere i'm always thinking about the fact that there's a particular time ... that's really awful to hear you're getting this kind of treatment : sad : some families really need to just butt out sometimes ... it sounds like he cares a lot about you and you feel the same way , at ... not really sure what type you guys think my brother is , he displays quite a lot of contradictory characteristics in my opinion . i'm wondering both what you think mbti-wise and enneagram if any of you ... i wish i could accept that people are unhealthy for me , instead of obsessively finding faults in myself to excuse the way people treat me and my friends . sometimes it's better to let go even though ... i know one , though she could also be an intj . i would describe her as caring but a little clueless about people and somewhat judgemental . she also lacks self-awareness ( says she is secure in herself ... - what were you like as a child , were you inherently charming ? did you immediately take a liking to strangers ? i was a lot less withdrawn as a child . other than that , i don't remember a lot . - ... introversion / extraversion is the most important because all other functions are subservient to the dominant one , which would be unknown if the first letter was scrapped . infjs and enfjs can be ... it depends what you're talking about . actual education is built for a combination of n and s , which is the healthy way for things to be . this is less the case back in earlier levels of schooling ... i want to be a perfect person , no matter how unrealistic it is to expect that . any time i hear things people say that i can imagine being problems they could have with me i start believing that it is ... i've self-diagnosed as having dysthymia for years . i've always been a bit depressed and unhappy but the really serious parts only come now and then , usually they are triggered by me screwing ... honestly ? miserable . i'm trying to grow up , be responsible and make the best out of my limitations , but i feel like a failure . it used to be intermittent but now the noise is permeating my head and i ... yep . in my case i think it might be because my dysthymia has been getting worse though ... i'm struggling to work on something that i know is due soon because i feel like there's no point any more , ... i expend so much effort trying to have the right facial expressions , it ruins interaction for me . it doesn't feel like i'm really feeling what i'm displaying , i'm too wrapped up in showing the ... one of three flaws : - that i put things off because i feel like i'm not capable of doing them well - i cannot outwardly display my feelings in a way that matches their intensity . usually my ... this is one of the points where mbti breaks down and no longer becomes helpful . it is largely irrelevant what type a person is when they are depressed , because a depressed person needs someone to ... i'm afraid you're just perpetuating the stereotypes . memorizing is presumed by self-identified intuitives to be the only way that sensors learn . to put it bluntly , if you think this then you are ... the one infp i know irl seems to collect you guys ... he already had a couple of isfp friends in his life when i met him and then when i introduced him to my isfp friends they loved him too . it's ... my love interests have typically been ixfx types and one entp . but i didn't date any ixfx types because i could never push myself to ask them out , so instead i ended up mostly with esfps , maybe an ... i ... actually did it ... i'm flabbergasted ... all my paranoia , lack of self-confidence , confusion melted away when i flat out asked him today ' why did you ask me if i had ever been interested in ... i understand why people feel this way but i still ultimately disagree . it is indeed a powerful commitment , but the argument ' if you don't get married then you don't want to commit ' is an argument i ... marriage would probably hold more weight if it didn't seem like ' showing off ' the relationship . it can undoubtedly be a symbol of your love and trust for each other , but ultimately you feel the way ... thanks to all of you for your suggestions , i've been avoiding dealing with the situation like a coward for the past week though ... but i have updates now ! we started talking about past ... i don't intend to ever get married . i very much hope i will find someone that i will spend my life with , but not married to them . i don't like the concept of marriage . it speaks to me of the need ... she has to be willing to grow a little and to respond positively now and then when you ask a question . the hard part is learning to phrase your questions so she realises you're actually asking her ... i've never understood the grouping myself . i tend to find intjs think in a far similar fashion to me than other nf types . as well as that , i've seen an infp gravitate towards isfps constantly . plenty ... i too believe that it's a continuum . bisexuality itself suggests a significant shift towards the middle to me . as in being significantly attracted to both , rather than strongly preferring one and ... i'm having a real problem working out a situation that's come up recently from meeting this new guy at university . he's a type 4 infp that i met at a board-gaming club thing and after we got over the ... hey that sounds like a tasty sandwich to me : tongue : i don't see that as being very serious though . i think close friends have a tendency to do similar things because they often became friends ... no problem ! interesting to hear about this ' mimicking ' . what kind of stuff does he copy ? i'm intrigued as i can never imagine fashioning myself after any of my friends , i am curious what might ... '