' i had a job at a family owned fast paced restaurant , but it was an absolutely terrible experience . i ended up getting fired because the husband told me i could leave for the day , but i later learned ... i'm normally sort of lousy when it comes to details . i mean , i only care about details when they are related to something of infinite importance because i can always see the big picture . when i'm ... around age 6 . i realized that most people wouldn't accept me for me . i was an outcast even in kindergarten . my type 2 esfp former boss is a fucking bitch ( no offense to other type 2s or esfps . ) she pretends to be all sweet and positive then screws you over big time . she fired me today over the stupidest ... i was wondering what a good job would be for an infp student . i guess i'm quite restless compared to many infps , though . working in a library or small bookstore would drive me ape shit . the only ... favorites : biology , psychology least favorites : computers , math i like my new esfp boss , but sometimes she gets my paranoia going big time . traits - extremely high energy - always smiling - very talkative , yet difficult to read - ambiguous : almost everything ... i've been drunk a couple times and they weren't particularly enjoyable . i got drunk and threw up on my cousin's birthday because i'm a lightweight and was just keeping up with her . she was barely ... the answer is that there are no answers , of course . an infp walks into a bar and realizes its a boring one , but figures after a few drinks it will get exciting . it never does , so they leave their only friend and go to the movie theater next door . the ... i scored ifp . i changed a lot between 7 and 12 though . i answered the questions as my shy , depressed , fairly insecure 12 year old self . i guess i haven't changed much since then :( i took it again ... i think you should go through with it . i'm extremely indecisive myself and it tends to keep me stuck speculating about all the possible options . sometimes i say awkward or weird . i can get sooo awkward when i need to ask a favor of someone i don't know very well . interesting . i guess that explains why i am so conflicted :/ now that i think about it , i don't really know what i was thinking . i guess the triple types just seem inevitably prone to imbalance . the triple reactive would most likely have issues with rage , the ... its probably somewhat different for me because i'm a 4 , but i tend to neglect my physical well-being ( i don't eat healthy , i often either over or under sleep and then try compensating by drinking ... interesting . any of the triple types sound like they'd have a lot of issues . actually , the triple optimist would probably do quite well in terms of relationships and goals . subtypes confuse me . i know i'm either sp / sx or sx / sp though . i rarely get very close to people and when i do i feel like we exist on the same wavelength , or something cheesy like that . i definitely ... i'm pretty straight / feminine , but am emotionally more attracted to females . i've never even had a male friend , except for for one that obviously wanted to be more than that . i could see myself in a ... that's so funny / weird . i also see myself as some lowlife addict in the future , and its terrifying . granted , i am closer to that reality than you , but still . i have a long way to go and i don't intend ... i need to move out . my dad ( an estj 3w2 ) thinks he can help fix my depression issues . i guess he finds being told how terribly he has failed in life incredibly motivating . what a joke . i need a job . i'm feeling angry , resentful , and like i somehow should have known better i've smoked weed a few times . other than that i stick to * special * pills . i don't even know if i can experience authentic happiness anymore . i know that coming from me this is totally hypocritical , ... i didn't vote because there are a few types that are definitely prone to developing a superiority complex . i did , however , view the poll results and i agree that 3s are probably the most common ... i'd say nine's are one of the least controlling types , but i can see how certain types could find them controlling in certain situations due to their extreme conflict avoidance and tendency to be ... i think that traumatic stress can definitely make it difficult to type someone and might even alter their type . after a very stressful period in my life i identified a lot more with type 6 than 4 ( my ... 1 . what's your personality type ? infp 2 . how's your pain threshold ? pretty high for physical pain , very low for emotional pain 3 . on average , how many hours of sleep do you get per night ? depends ... i've noticed that when i'm trying to relate to a personality vastly different from my own ( esfj for example ) i tend to over emphasize the one personality trait we share . if an esfj is not getting my ... i'm an introvert and don't get crazy extroverted or anything under the influence . i'd say i become more confident and sensing . i feel more in my body than in my head . i take meds for add , but i'm not sure if i really have it or i'm just depressed :/ my daydreams usually involve having a lot more control over my situation than i currently do . sometimes i daydream about winning the lottery . a million dollars or so would really help me out right ... angry at myself for screwing things up . why do i always do that ? i just stole a beer from my grandparents that had been in the fridge for a few months . i used to drink energy drinks all the time when i had work right after school and they made me feel awesome ! caffeine used to have a very mood elevating impact on me . after a few years of drinking ... i'm really not very artistic , but i guess i'm pretty good at writing . i definitely think so . i don't know if my room is depressing because the wall color has been the same for like 10 years or because its a cool shade of lavender . spending too much time in my room ... i want in ! does anyone have a xanga or know what xanga is ? that would be more private ... i'm already stewing in my own fine juices thank you very much . i've already figured out all the negative descriptions you posted for myself . you are right , congratulations . why the judgements though ? ... i don't know my tritype . i definitely possess traits of all 3 . sp / sx : i can become very attached to certain people , which i consider a weakness and try to avoid so : i hate feeling left out ... does anyone think that both enneagram and mbti types are subject to change based on circumstances ? - i'm not creative in a concrete sense - i can never really relax ( 6 fix ) - i don't like feeling all my emotions i have no idea what was wrong with my account before . it was so durn frusterating . '