' new model army - vengeance oh god the chorus ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bLcacif9ug as someone who has held a number of shitty food service type jobs as a teen , worked for the federal gov't in my early 20 ' s , worked for several gov't contractors in the it field up to this point ( i'm ... http://th07.deviantart.net/fs71/PRE/i/2014/125/7/a/mg_0803_processed_01_by_tempestdoom-d7h7fz1.png http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/i/2014/125/f/4/mg_0766_processed_01_by_tempestdoom-d7h7fo0.png ... deleted ... posted wrong thread burning bridges is definitely something i excel at . as far as personal relationships go , cutting people out of my life when they pull stupid shit is easy enough , though i'm trying to learn to be a ... http://farm4.staticflickr.com/3681/9696596803_3cb8c49e85_c.jpg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLnHpe_drSU you see , what had happened was ... everyone involved with your onboarding process got taken out by a super assassin , and then they wiped the hr system with your applicant information , and now nobody ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_W3VykYhWA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0i_uKUJCUI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcncdMB3o18 in eleven years of driving , the only ticket i've ever gotten was for expired tags when a city cop pulled up behind me at a stop light in downtown tampa . i do speed ... but not excessively . rarely more ... create threads on a web forum in which to play armchair economist and attempt to save the world ... just like every other crisis . fuselage mostly ... but sometimes rudder . when i get bored ? i post on perc ... it was more of an attempt at humor than anything else . i was hoping it'd give you something to laugh at . at this point it's only appropriate to paraphrase a relevant part of billy madison : you gotta think . you got a bike . you got a responsibility . if your bike is stolen you don't look for an hour and ... ditto 10char i am unhappy that someone necro'd this crap thread . don't do that , we don't like it . and i still don't care enough to ask , why ? to the person above me ... though i think it's been pretty well ... i did come across those books not too long ago . wasn't really sure how reliable vs how much of a gimmick they might be . i'll have to dig in a bit more . the idea of using a smaller set of machines to ... metallurgy , i won't pretend to be an expert on , but i've dug into it somewhat between welding and my foray into blacksmithing . actually , i've got a huge book on metallurgy ( probably 3-4 inches thick ) ... as part of my inevitable giving in to the urge to create things , my list of projects has filled up the proverbial back burner . part of what's been holding me up , aside from sloth , is lack of access ... what's with all this grams these days ? back when i smoked we just bought eighths or quarters , halves or full oz's , perhaps the occasional dime bag if that's all that was around . grams ... just makes ... it's one of those marijuana alternatives . a so-called legal high . similar to spice . i've never tried it , but i've heard stories ranging from it just being crap , to it having really bad effects ... depends on the question , the person asking it , and the frequency with which they ask . the idiot i share an office with for instance , will literally interrupt me every five minutes to ask me how to ... i managed to bypass the laws of physics and kill a random pedestrian with a penny flicked in snide derision from the top of the sears tower ( fuck willis group holdings , ltd and their name ) . something ... come on folks ... it needs to be removed from federal control . check out this petition . ... wish i could smoke . we definitely need to push for a change in legislation . check out these petitions folks . they really need your support . ... i performed poorly in school . aced all of my tests , but refused to do any homework because i felt it was unnecessary due to that fact that i was making a's on all of my tests . in fact , i barely ... marmots ... for no good reason . this is true . most humans won't lick your balls if you cover them in peanut butter . not that i'm advocating doing so ... sick fucks . go out and socialize for a night . you'll soon be reminded why we're better off left to our own devices . i concur . it's definitely one of those things one can never unsee ... unfortunately . more on point with toilet paper ... i always lay a few strips across the top of the water first . breaks the ... two girls one cup . i rest my case . comfort food for chapped , fiery asses . i just feed a few feet of the roll into the bowl , flush the toilet , give the roll a good spin , and watch how much of it gets sucked down the hole . it's kind of addictive really . note : you get a ... ya need tobacco to smoke it ? since when ? i'd choose it over alcohol every day of the week , and twice on sunday . unfortunately , i also can no longer partake due to work . i fully support legalization and taxation though . i think humans in general are naturally violent . we might just be naturally inclined to find creative ways to do it effectively . be sure to drink your ovaltine . personally , i use photography as a reason to get outside and walk around . there are plenty of other things to do though . disc golf , orienteering , geocaching , just ... nvm ... necro i wouldn't say that working in the marketing business automatically makes one a bad person . i think it depends what you make of it . anyone can delve into the dark side of their chosen profession ... you are a reserved builder . you are detail-oriented , cautious , and practical , making you a builder . you are excellent at focusing on the concrete , functional elements of things , so you're good ... that explains it . only 6-7 times ? sounds like you're at a smaller airport . i was at iad ... try 60-70 a day , at least . plus colostomy bags , people with roaches crawling out of their pant legs , rats living in the x-ray ... sounds about right . what is interesting though , is that you almost don't even want to list that on a resume . in my experience , it was viewed pretty badly by other potential employers . about the only ... slider quit that job . that's about the only way to feel better . i did that for nearly three years and it only got worse until i finally told them to go fuck themselves and left . life is much better ... i just don't have the time , patience or inclination to live within a religion's bounds . i feel as if it would rob me of fully enjoying my own life . i wasn't raised with any sort of religion either ... ideal ? here ... and no coworkers , at all ... http://wikitravel.org/upload/en/7/7e/St_Mary_Lake.jpg actually , existing is pretty easy since upper management is about as displeased with microsoft products as i am , if not more-so . our customers will use both , but they tend to prefer the reduced cost ... '