' as long as i can make a living from what i earn , the amount of money is not important . it is a shame that money has such great influence on wealth . sometimes i wish i had a lot of money - not because ... i don't mind insects at all . they have the right to be where they want . however , in case they are inside my house i usually catch them and let them out . not because i am afraid of them - i just think ... - thinking - dreaming - being alive - playing classical music on my saxophone and trumpet - listening to music ( mostly classical and jazz ) - spending time with my twin - reading ( mostly ... i have to confess i am curious by nature . anyhow , i only remember those things which i believe are worth remembering . that is quite a lot , though . the italian concert by bach . most of all , other peoples happiness . agnostic . yet , i still have doubts . i am extremely sensitive . i cry very easily because events in the world affect me deeply . from age four to age seven i was afraid answering a question when somebody asked me something . i would just ... welcome to perc ! i wonder why quite a few infjs feel the need to do many different things job-wise . i believe i read somewhere , that infjs dislikes routine tasks . apparently , many of us will get ... - cruelty - war - injustice - hate - narrowmindedness - disrespectfulness - abuse in all shapes and forms - conflicts ( when topic has something to do with religion , politics , personal view ) . - ... greetings ! and welcome to the forum (: i am like a bird flying over sea hoping some day i may be something i yet can't define but truly , i know , it can't be mine the hidden key is yet locked one day we may be shocked to find a ... from the age of three to seven i refused to answer any question asked by an unknown person . my response to their questions was to stare at them for a while , and then , eventually , get distracted by ... i am the girl who started crying when i read this thread . i am quite talkative when near close friends . sometimes , anyway . it depend on so much . my mood , their mood , the context , topic and what the importance of the conversation is . small-talk is not my ... i work best when i know there is plenty of time for me to finish what i started . it's not that practical but anyhow , it kind of works for me if i can get done with a project without being ... i find small-talk quite irritating and somewhat annoying . i don't see any importance in the daily-life topics and i always fail to come up with a good answer to stuff like : how do my hair look ? i ... the forgive but never forget thing is so like me . when people say they are sorry for whatever they have done to hurt me i will immediately forgive them . i feel like i can't do anything else . i won't ... luther vandross - dance with my father . it makes me cry every time i hear it . welcome to perc ! hope you will like it here (: i play the saxophone and the trumpet . :) well , the reason why i am asking is this : for me mathematics doesn't matter . i don't care whether the result is 44 or 33274 . my brain stops functioning the minute i'm looking at math . i just can't ... i confess that i dislike almost all of my classmates . i don't really care about them , because they never seem to care about me . maybe that's because i am hiding from them . always behind the closed ... hey all . i read somewhere , that infjs usually enjoy solving math and science problems . that made me wondering , since math is one of the hardest subjects for me to pass . : confused : do you enjoy ... i don't know much about marijuana , so i've no opinion about that . personally , i would never smoke anything . mostly because i hear what it does to the body . i believe it's good sense not to do it ... i never understood what the feeling ' hate ' is . i don't know how it feels to hate . that's why i don't use that word . it is a very hard word ti describe the meaning of , and i still haven't been able to . i used to play world of warcraft , which i did for three years . before that i played a lot of pokémon and a little sims . i played wow the most , though . try something written by albert camus . i find him a great author . paul auster - the new york triologi . i really enjoyed reading that one . it's really good , i think . it gives you a lot to think about . welcome ! hope you will enjoy it here . ^ _ ^ savage rose , wild child . welcome ! hope you will find it comfortable here ! :) welcome ! : happy : welcome ! glad you like it here . : happy : welcome ! it's nice to have you here : happy : i have been called many things - a lot of them have been negative . some have been said behind my back . intelligent , brainy , smart , introverted , quiet , mysterious , poetic , away , in my own world , ... poetic complex i'm right-handed , although i used to be able to use my left hand when using a scissor or something . i have played the saxophone for six years ( both alto , tenor and barytone ) . for about a year ago i started playing the trumpet . i can play very little piano and flute . my sister who play the trombone ... okay , i think i'm going to give it a go .. the girl who can stare at herself for hours without knowing what is hiding inside . i am the one who barely knows and accept herself because the rest of ... i'm an intj girl . i don't think i'm girly at all , but i'm having a hard time defining ' girly ' . i'm thinking it could be a girl who doesn't wear lots of make-up and don't wear the most expensive ... welcome ! : happy : people usually find me intimidating . i don't know why that is . when a group of people are having a conversation i rarely say anything , instead i just stand and stare . i think people find it weird or ... welcome ! :) hope you have a nice time . when you have a hard time forgiving yourself . when you feel different than the people around you . when you hide your inner-self and gets sad when people believe you are something you are not . ... personally , i haven't ever thought about the mask . not many people know who i am . it is not because i don't want them to . i just tend to be quiet around others , i hardly ever share my feelings or ... '