' cunt comes from the latin word cunae which means cradle or nest for young birds the term vagina is latin for a scabbard or a sheath that you would put a sword in . i think i like cunt better c : go away ): i thought this was implied but , i meant before the boyfriend girlfriend or husband wife phase . have any women here willingly paid for the date food , activity etc ? if not why ? i'm asking for a friend . i've come across the problem of white feminism oftentimes white women use black issues as a propnent to be heard in legislature but when it comes down to it only care about white issues i've ... is that best or worst ? x3 whats the best way to approach an infp girl if your a random stranger o = & whats the worst way notvirtue what do you play ;) the alchemist's cat ( the deptford histories , # 1 ) by robin jarvis âx80x94 reviews , discussion , bookclubs , lists this book was actually really good its about an orphan that gets kidnapped & forced to ... nothing really & everything at the same time . i dont want to limit the conversation to one topic it'll be inorganic & just become awkward i want it to flow naturally & just see where it goes : 3 ... i tried to do a lenny face on my phone but it turned out like that xd i guess you could say its a caterpillar happy acidents ~ _ ~ . that'll do : kitteh : its hard to find people who you can talk to about these kinds of things that won't treat you differently after the fact in my experience the only way to be treated normally is to bottle up your ... lol bottling it up inside is the only functional disc functional way to handle it ^ ^ suck it up and move on until it builds up so much & becomes a mid life crisis . i'm being sarcastic here but there ... i have resting bitch face not because i'm sad but because most of the time there's nothing to be happy about yes for compensation you would recieve your weight in glitter . :) yeah i could still use more test subjects > : 3 https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CabJDmQUMAATAzA.jpg science ... extraverted social types are overrated . its hard to have a deep meaningful conversation with extraverted types ime i tend to vibe better with other infp's nahh too much work . :P right now i just want to talk to an infp girl who's shy and doesn't talk to anyone ! did he kind of look at you like this ? 612858 it almost never happens that way for me at least xd maybe 0.01 % of all female interaction has a female ever made the first move true dominatrix's are fun plz dont be the person that just sits there missionary and does nothing ): have fun with it be yourself > . < i prefer fwb one night stands are sloppy unless you have good chemistry i prefer buidling chemistry and learning about other peoples bodies what makes them tick ;) i mean if the cops uniform thing was the only offense it wouldn't really be a problem with me unless the dude was having other like confidence issues or something it'd be kind of cool if the dude ... * * sniffs vivid * * stream of consciousness thought : i've come to just bottle up my feelings of rejection and regret with no real outlet i feel like if i express these feelings i'll just be seen as crazy or immature ... shit balls cock the possibility that the universe in its infinite randomness will some day favour me yeah i try but it's definetly taken a blow to my confidence & paranoia etc . im feeling like every atom of my body wants to die i did i wrote down honestly everything i thought about her and her family what really came from the heart and i was crushed me a junior hanging out with one of the weirdest quirkest freshman grills ... gaby siahaan hey omg i love talking to people from indonesia i have so many pen pals from there ? :D questions are you muslim ? do you have whats-app ? hopefully i didn't scare you off : unsure : * cough * both i much like performing and listening to jazz pieces that i've played before though . the other jazz tunes just aren't as catchy unless i can understand the structure of the song . i go to the gym once a week . i try to get in the habit of it but after the first time my arms are sore for like 5 days so its hard to keep consistent cause like idek if you can workout when your ... rosesformary hi welcome o : complementary welcome video for all infp's https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVXZTmi2ruI i fell in love with someone over summer break it was a temporary thing but feelings got involved . i couldn't stay well because i went to school somewhere else and i was only there for the summer but , ... moist ;) whats up guys ! what defines a nice rack in your opinion ? its k i waznt paying attention to the thread anyway lmao http://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/smile.gif i was going for studmuffin but i guess that works too : unsure : one of us one of us :d rool : esfp . _ . :) don't forget devilishly handsome :D welcome to perc maximumfalcon at first i'd be frozen in surprise and i'd just stare at you for a second thinking why is this cute girl calling me babe is she just joking or something or does she actually mean it but , then i'd be ... '