' fucking brilliant , fuck you , you arrogant prick , you inbred rich bastard , you make me fucking sick ! i've always been curious about politics and social systems and an idea that i've kept very close to my heart is that we should base our social systems on human nature . by this i mean in every ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAf6P4obmLI good stuff man , never actually heard the mekons before , fear is awesome and always will be the best drinking music . naked raygun i've just heard about in passing but i'm gonna check ' em out . gonna ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWnJCna8MjQ ah , the dirty crusty stuff from some squat somewhere . hard to keep up with all these posts feel like i'm just repeating myself by saying these guys are tight , and those guys are also tight ... blah ... that's cool man , personally i'm not really into pop-punk much but my buddy absolutely loves it and i've met and got to play with a few of the bigger bands in this part of the scene . if you like ... so my original response to this got deleted because my computer fucked up - . - but i'll try and get it all in there haha . minutement , husker du , and nomeansno are all awesome , love the cerebral ... repost of my previous message - . - part of my comp fucking up . screeching weasel is tight and my buddy is really into propagandhi , i found ' em a bit too preachy for my tastes ... which is surprising because i love crass . as for the whole labeling crap i mean ... ahhh blitz , one of my all time favourites , first patch i ever got for my jacket :) acab sounds cool , lots of oi ! music coming out of asia at the moment as far as i know . bands like misandao from ... dunno much from patti smith either except because the night , which is awesome :P any other suggestions ? awesome song , haven't heard much replacements before . i know what you mean , the ' punks ' are notoriously bad for cutting each other down . but i guess those are the people it attracts mostly , people who have something to say , good or bad . always loved ... or this , another tragic . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YHx46Uofyw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7WanzlOvGg running out of time again where did you go wrong this time ? when your problems overwhelm you go get drunk , it's party time take a quaalude , relax ... sad and beautiful http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7WanzlOvGg damn , for me it's this one . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYx-5KwNDmc any punks out there or even people who are just interested :D my favourite music and i think the best thing that's happened to me . big fan of the crust , oi ! , street punk , hardcore , post-punk , and ... oh lord jesus http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e9dNjWHtnI you wont know what fucking hit you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icCGELfEBYk the dirtiest , grimiest , fucking punk around http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXGLjjy_lQw i've experimented with a bunch of drugs but i don't think i really have an addicting personality , only when it comes to alcohol , it's my weakness . not that i'm beligerant or anything , i just like ... i think everyone does to some extent . no man is an island so you had a fucked youth yeah think you saw the truth anger growing more acute blame your family things will always be the same swallow pride with the pain when ... hours of mindless , pointless conversation that serves only to boost someone's ego . it's fucking deadly i'm probably out of date on a lot of information too btw , so please don't think i'm just being stubborn well as bad as it is , animal testing is the only foundation we have for a lot of drugs and medecine . there's emerging sciences like in-vitro testing and computer models and the like but i don't ... story of my life confusion , angst , boredom . dunno i'm feeling confused about who i am and where im going and have been for some time . not that it's all bad sometimes it doesn't even matter i still have a great ... 5 years on and i'm feeling skeptical and alienated from a lot of the vegetarian community . i don't think i'll ever go back simply because morally i'll never agree with it , but i'm finding it hard ... mumbojumbo , some whack tried to convert me to islam the other day . youtube - angelic upstarts - brighton bomb i agree that small talk sucks but it was a saftey blanket for me for awhile when i was going through anxiety attacks . i still do it sometimes out of habit but i find it kind of useless and the ... fucking hipsters , they're pretensious , don't like their music for the right reasons , and their shows always suck cause everyone's too cool to dance . not totally sure what a lucid dream is but i feel awake in my dreams quite often , i can't really control them but i'm concious and i can recall most of it right after i wake up , i usually forget ... i hated the sciences and math for a long time but last year i went up to my friends cottage where they were working on old cars and i became fascinated with mechanics and what goes in to make these ... dunno , i used to be like this then i realized there's fucker's everywhere and i gotta get used to it . it's noble to try and be respectful and peaceful with everyone but sometimes an asshole just ... infp and enfp , more often enfp actually but i identify more with infp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJIbZq5VkGM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9E6ReBy3Yo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKhnr4wHHIQ yeah i've had a couple of friends who got into that stuff and tried to convince me that it was the ultimate cure for depression or any emotional problem you could possibly have . even at my worse i ... i went crazy trying to reprogram my mind . i just couldn't deal with all the depression and negative crap in my life that i literally tried to think my way out of a black hole . i'd sit down and write ... i can't stop feeeling hiiigh youtube - cunninlynguists - never come down ( the brownie song ) [ music video ] and a classic youtube - souls of mischief - from 93 till infinity ( best quality ) i can't stop feeeling hiiigh youtube - cunninlynguists - never come down ( the brownie song ) [ music video ] and a classic youtube - souls of mischief - from 93 till infinity ( best quality ) i'm with luke , open communication is good but being a dickhead is unnecessary . well being 16 and not talking about big life issues with parents is perfectly natural , personally i'm 19 and still don't talk to my parents about my relationships or drug use or even school a lot ... frank turner is awesome . hey , people move and grow at different times in their lives , so i wouldn't worry about it . if you're truly concerned however my advice would be to just get out there , i've had several relationships ... dunno specifically about encourgament but i can't not be happy when i hear this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Yg-CgIwaHs and i think this one is the most encouraging song i know ... most punk bands . loud angry and unhappy with the world we live in , and not afraid to get in your face to say something . and to prove my point ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SHRdjZJXPo '