' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEqgcKGECaw those poor crayons : sad : you are not taking the first step towards the padded room ! that's something our great grandparents used to say and its not true . as long as when you talk to yourself voices that aren't there don't ... you are not taking the first step towards the padded room ! that's something our great grandparents used to say and its not true . as long as when you talk to yourself voices that aren't there don't ... awww i get that too v . v i do not have any tattoos , i want some though ! i'm a yoga teacher so its expected xd to the poster below me , do you do yoga ? if so what kind do you like & how often do you do it ? and do you have ... i would have to stay up way too late ... like till the sun came up xd but i'll try it some time my chemical romance , ingrid michelson and lenka ... weird combo i know xd no , the only reason i would end a friendship is if they betray me ... even then i'm pretty forgiving ... but boring ? ! never , people are never boring ... at least i have never run into the problem /: i just got back from yoga teacher training and i'm lost ... i never thought coming home to all of my friends could feel so lonely . while i was there i got really close to some girls ( it was mainly ... yes . unless i have the obvious upper hand or i'm on my home turf and feeling invincible . that sounds like a beautiful friendship ; - ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOnI5GGpXck really the only problem i have in romantic relationships is finding a girl i like enough ... because i'm afraid that if i don't like them enough ill break up with them and they'll get hurt ... i've ... i hung out with my ex girlfriend last night . its kind of funny , usually when a guy breaks up with a girl they're like we can still be friends but it really doesn't happen like that . with my ex and ... we love youuu ! but we don't want to be near you right now ... sometimes when my friends ask me to do something with them i'm like nah i'm kinda busy ... when in reality i have nothing i have to ... ok , i said about a week ( more like 5 days at most ) , that's because i have practice and i have to be able to do it ... after that week i wont answer my phone , wont text , wont go out and if anybody ... * adds all to background slideshow http://thechive.com/2012/08/31/the-biological-advantage-of-being-awestruck-video/ the chive is generally awesome but i stumbled upon this and i thought of you guys : 3 i feel ya brother ' - ' my situation is the same but i have 3 older sisters that are a lot older than me and one younger that i'm close to every damn day > . < i hang out with a girl right now that doesn't understand how its possible for a man to be emotional ... but i still mostly keep them inside ... v . v that's the spirit ! do you post what you write online somewhere ? infp gone wrong = the pyro http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUhOnX8qt3I i want to be a yoga teacher ... when i'm teaching yoga i don't have to talk to anybody or help them carry baggage they all have to shut up , listen to me and communicate with themselves for an hour ... usually when i want something i usually obsess about it . i think about all the ways i can get it and i get really driven to do it ... especially when i'm supposed to be doing something i don't want to ... everybody ! but i hate being around girls that like to talk about their exes ... even if i don't want to get with them xd - say one thing to someone and not suffer the ( negative ) consequences , what would you say ? i would tell them to do whatever they wanted to him and i wouldn't stop them ... and that i'm going to join ... i recently got a new job and my new co workers were going to a club . i was invited by the boss so i decided to join and try to make a name for myself . my roommate got 7 phone numbers that night , i ... well its defiantly possible for an infp to be intimidating , but i should think you would have to try ... or someone else would have to try for you . i don't look intimidating at all but sometimes my ... i remember on the playground i would walk around with my hands in my pockets and kick rocks ... personally i was ok with it xd i find that whenever i read somebody it ends up badly ... so i just pretend i can't until i really need to . people don't like the idea that i can know things about them without them telling me xd come here ... but i agree with the manatee , i really don't get bored i just default to daydreaming . so beautiful D': ; - ; i don't know ... uuum , well it definitively exists ... but if you want to be friends with a girl you're immune to the friend-zone , but if you like her and she just wants to be friends ( or you're ... butter , lots and lots of butter . i slather it all over my skin every morning but seriously idk /: when i started working out a lot girls wanted to be my friend ... shallow bitches > . > i've also ... how'd you know i felt like that ? are you avoiding me ? being around you makes me happy you're not even listening to me are you ? me yes i am ! * repeats what they said driving , kungfu , wantingtobealoneness ... lol is there a word for wanting to be alone : blushed : gurrlll set your expectations as high as you want and never settle ! i have high expectations and i have met 2 girls that meet them so far ... i cant be with either right now unfortunately : c but i can ... i have a lot of female friends and lots of them end up liking me ... but i'm too picky ... its so hard to find a girl that i like and when i do find a girl i like there's always something that makes it ... hehe , so well organized :} nooo ( imagines what it would be like if all the o's came to life and had a battle for my amusement ... eventually entire essays are fighting ... every once in a while i go onto my back porch and do kung fu late at night to blow off steam . when i found out my best friend started dating one of my other friends ( that's a whole other mess lol ) i ... i want to make sweet love to those pancakes ... with my mouth o . o my best friend was an estp ... we became very close very fast .. and defused very fast ... you are in a perpetual quest to find the new , the exciting . emotionally volatile , you are known for sudden changes of opinion , of appreciation , and behavior . following rules and established methods ... sounds like you could use some best friend armor :} 47792 we all need somebody to protect us when were feeling vulnerable . for some its a person , others an animal and others its their god . find ... i think i narrowed down what type of girl i want . so far i know of two that exist and i can't really have either , but knowing that there is more than one just makes me happy :} i wouldn't say timid as much as reserved , but i'm mostly not bold or daring ( as you said ) unless something or someone important to me is threatened or insulted . after highschool things got better and ... '