' first attempt failed . it got really bad , so we stopped following the rule , and went back to what worked . three weeks later the manager tries again to put the policy in place , she failed to learn the ... i have failed at all attempts at the light side solution , but i may be no good at it . i am doing work to the rule , and letting the entire system break down . letting it all fail i believe is the ... i work at a computer repair shop , as the senior repair tech . i have a new manager who is trying to bring back a policy the district manager came up with years ago . it is a terrible policy , but i can ... you are right , intjs are inferior extroverted sensors . extroverted sensing always teams up with introverted intuition , but intjs introverted intuition is more developed then the extroverted sensing . i am not sure if this was pointed out earlier , but one thing you might not understand about intjs , is that we are not a judging type like the entjs . sure our last letter is a j , but that is only ... male intj here . i always had a hard time trying to loose weight , i only lost weight when i had a more physical job , and would gain weigh when i got a desk job . three months ago i started eating ... i have a similar experience , found out a few months ago that my body was resistant to the hormone insulin . terns out having high insulin causes your body to try to conserve energy , and drivers you to ... this is the key to the issue . nothing else can be worked on until his depression or lack of motivation is fixed . fix the underlying issue and then work on the other issues . how you fix that ... this is most definitely behavior of a intj in their late teens to mid 20s . an intj will start to develop their introverted feeling cognitive function in there late teens , and it won't finish ... how are we to know if the king of babylon , nebuchadnezzar ll is a infj . there is not that much info about him , because he lived a really long time ago . i am trying to do more hiking , cooking , and reading . it can be difficult to break my old habits . coming home and turning on the tv is so easy , but i know it is a waist of time . i am an intj in my late 20s . after work and on my days off i find myself watching tv , and browsing the internet to recharge my energy . this has been my go to for 15 years , i believe it started as an ... i believe this no emotional attachment to your ideas , is unique to intj . the rest of the temperaments have an emotional attachment , some at different levels . some see being right as being better then ... i have never had an attachment to my own idea or opinion . i have always been more concerned about having the correct opinion , then it being the one i came up with . if someone shows me i am wrong ... i work as the senior tech at a computer repair shop . my boss knows the best way to do my job , even though he has never done my job before , and does not know the first thing about fixing computers . he ... this is a very difficult subject to explain . when i see clothes or home decorations i like , i know that i like them , but i do not know why . when i see something i don't like , i also don't usually ... i have been working at a computer repair shop for the last few years . my job is fixing all the computers that come in . we had two old techs who were great at there jobs , but they both left in the ... it might still work out someday , but right now nothing is happening . my big issues is that i can't read her . it always seems like i am just seeing a mask , and only once in a while i get a glimpse ... my mind can't get past that you are allergic to cats , but your family has inside cats . this tells me way more about your family then most of the info you provided . that sounds about right for a intj and infj . it sounds similar to me and a infj that i know , except we never got together . because when things go bad , one person will try to stab the other in the back . i do believe in what you said . my point started from the is marriage an illogical option thread . that thread started with the concept that marriage is out dated and useless . i took the opposite ... i always heard the 50 % statistic , and never looked to much into it . thanks for the info . we don't really have statistics on breakup rates of those in a long term committed relationship ( at least not that i know of ) . that makes it hard to compare them to people who are married . 50 % ... took your suggestion and created a new thread for it . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/418194-sex-outside-marriage-illogical-counter-marriage-illogical-option.html#post13390242 i made this post in the thread is marriage an illogical option ? quality suggested it should be its own thread . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/417578-marriage-illogical-option.html ... i would like to put forth a counter argument . no rational person would have sex with someone out side of marriage , because of the increased risk . no protection is 100 % full proof . every time you ... i am a male intj . i have never dated an infj before , but i have been an acquaintance of an infj female for almost a decade . out of all the people i know she is one the greatest mystery for me . i ... there was a line of people who waited all night at best buy for the new iphone six . some people were in line for the iphone 6 + , and were told the night before that the store did not have any , only ... i work in the it field , and i don't own a tablet , or a smartphone . except for my desktop computer , my house is mostly tech free . i think technology can be great thing if use properly , but it is ... in socionics the p and j are switched in introverts . so a infj in mbti is a infp in socionics . if you are an extrovert then mbti and socionics are the same . i was great at corporate level tech support . you are dealing with other professionals , who are not emotionally invested in the equipment you are working on . they just called , because it is their job ... my work keeps pushing me to the breaking point . have yet to snap , but every day i get closer and closer . i have 100 super important things that have to be done , and only enough time to do 60 of ... i have a friend who is a enfj , and he was practicing a speech in front of me . he is a very good speaker , but i had some advice for him ( i also give public speeches from time to time , and i am good at ... this is very true . i have friends whose results will change based on who was with them when they took the test . some people are more easily influenced by those around them . well you just describe two different friendship i have had with female infjs . i have to know someone for a very long time , and have complete confidence in them before i would open up to them emotionally . showing someone who you are , and being rejected is one of the most ... she kissed you , while living with her boyfriend , and they have a lease together ? i would like to point out that this does not speak very well of her loyalty . someone who is willing to cheat for you , ... i love hiking and camping . does the intj know ? intj here . i have known a number of great infjs , but was never interested in them . why i was never interested is difficult to fully explain , but i will give it a try . when i talk to a infj for a ... how old is he ? no one ever gives the age of those involved , and that is a important thing , especially when it involves an intj in a relationship . an intjs introverted feeling does not start to ... there is no mental thought process with introverted intuition . it is not something that can be easily described , or explained to other how to do it . it seems to me that introverted intuition is ... also note that isaiah 14:4 says that thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of babylon , and say , how hath the oppressor ceased ! the golden city ceased ! so the chapter is a proverb against ... how you have fallen from heaven , morning star , son of the dawn ! you have been cast down to the earth , you who once laid low the nations ! you said in your heart , ' i will ascend to the heavens ; i will ... the title lucifer appears one time in the bible . from the context it applied to a king of babylon , and not satan . lucifer - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia lucifer in the bible refers to a king of babylon , and there is not much info about this dead babylonian king , so i don't know . so much of what i do is a battle with the mind and heart , both wanting different things . i believe that the mind is stronger , but the heart is more stubborn . given enough time the mind can cave to ... what you do is , right away ask them if you had both of your hands cut off , and put into a giant pile of hands , could you find your hands ? if they try to answer your question then make a note ... np . glad i could help with understanding an intj . '