' book is awesome ! 2005062005 14200522 futurity : research news from top universities engadget | technology news , advice and features aeon magazine â € “ ideas and culture come on , people , need some ... i don't exactly manipulate but i'm not afraid to give people direct command when required either oh , i've been putting it off reading that bio for a while ( i find isaacson's language a little bland ) , will do now . maybe i can pick out some ' what not to do ' . swear i read somewhere he's an entj . i ... i read this and i was like , i almost agree with this . the problem is every time i've created a hostile environment in a team , at the end of the day , we perform extremely well and have a stronger ... well clearly a personality trait which creates a hostile work environment and alienates people isn't a strength . besides you lose all the rapport you have built with them which is really sucky ... this made my day , and to think , i was going to book an occupational psychologist . dear god , what you're suggesting sounds like a great solution but ... oh the inefficiency : crying : ... if i start applying this , i've tried to do this once before and i was caught out by someone ... i was wondering if fellow entj's could answer my question in the intj section here [ intj ] help with professional development i value your answer to this for obvious reasons . the first few you suggested are great ones but the last one is really good for getting back control . i'm thinking of developing a harmless questioning strategy so i can ahem • manipulate • the other ... i was wondering if you could elaborate on this . for me , when i see the mission , strategy and goals , i have a tunnel vision towards them and can critique the hell out of someones ideas if they want to ... as likely , i play flamenco on the guitar , probably the most complex and technically demanding thing you can do on the guitar , keeps my intellectual needs in check . good link here which summarizes ... i'm a turbulent intj . i need some help on professional development . i've been told that in team environments i have a natural ability to be confrontational . how do i fix this ? i've been repetitively out of my comfort zone for the last 6-7 months . perhaps that has instated a gradual change . i'm 22 now . took the test 5 years ago and did it regularly like 4 times a year . it used to always be intp . last week did the test , came out as entj . was surprised so took test once everyday since ... this is interesting , i have never thought like this . i always assume that we are different people and we do things differently . i do regret some things but so does everyone in any relationship . i ... today i sort of broke up with my esfj girlfriend . well not entirely , we agreed on a cool off period . the reasons i had were , conversations were not deep enough , was not happy with the relationship , ... intp's may get bogged down into deep analysis . deep enough to become oblivious to the obvious , broader issue . has anyone got any thoughts on this ? i understand that intp's are known to be able to ... galaxy s4 coming out end of this month - start of march , cant wait ! gonna order the second it comes out ! we'll see young padawan , we'll see http://www.hrw.org/ omg , my managerial economics module has game theory in each and every page , sick and tired of the damn thing . the yale course you mention is the exact one i checked out when i went home blank faced ... if i could figure out the purpose of each of the personality traits , i could create a societal framework , from a purely analytic framework ... hmm ... what is an intps purpose ? omg , thats an interesting thought , if most people are extrovert , feeling they they would have an increased probability of meeting / getting to know someone easily someone extroverted feeling because ... i've surveyed 602 people personally since i was 16 and they seem to confer proportionally to demographics data out there on the websites with the infjs , intps , entjs and a few more occurring very ... what has caused the differences in demographics of personality types ? why are some personalities rare like entj , infj , intp ? is there a purpose to these differences ? omg , did you take that as a solution ? i didnt imply anything , i was just recording my reasoning ... my close companions attest that i dont appear to behave like an intp in certain ways . they say that i would never be the first one to initiate contact with another person but on the other hand if ... the ultimate problem here is that we would fall victim to inferential justification as in an ad infinitum loop ( we both have been to the other planet where we know of the problem of complete ... does reading the wikipedia entry on proof give anyone the itches , especially the definition ? proof ( truth ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia 1 . i don't see the correlation between time and the capability to of knowledge ( hence genius ) 2 . nothing in science has ever been proven ( problem of complete induction ) 3 . nice try i believe this very naive . despite the fact that this thread is heavily deviating from the platorepublics op , bertrand russel , asserts that a thought is the event of an object occurring in the mind , a connection . you can use ... i understand what you are trying to get to but using the word brain is very materialistic ... i sense you are about to get hammered by philosophical imprecision ! the brain is matter , your mind believes you have a brain . you should replace the use of brain with mind in philosophical ... the biggest difference between western philosophy and eastern philosophy is that philosophy transcends from the work table into the actual lives of people . judgement is easily distorted by our ... this is exactly why i dont take part in ti ne ... discussions , the authors of these have a remarkable fascination with inductively extrapolating human behavior based on generalities and causalities ... i would investigate the nature of desire maybe , what we desire may not always be good but the rest must be good , so it could explain the nature of good . i've found that i cannot think . objects of thought occur in the mind but are not a property of the person . the mind makes it real , just like the matrix . it is better to say there is a thought ... thats a good point , i never saw it that way , just trying to fix imprecision , unnecessary decisions and fallacies thats all ... not hurt lol haha , its a forum ! .. : laughing : lol well , ive seen babies who have irregular sleep cycles but thats pretty normal . if you went to a doctor , thed probably say that you should stick to this nice pretty little timetable . i recommend you ... i agree , however the fundamental problem is that the frame work is induced to be true because of evidence . it does not certify that this is the case . although the framework is pretty accurate , its is ... i fail to see a correlation between the necessity to publicize and the actual occurrence of the spam event . could you clarify that ? unfortunately that failed , but the best government is one which is small and limits its powers to the protection of its citizens . the free market is free to fix itself . a capitalist political economy ... normally , cleep cycles are induced by a poor biorhythm you need to try to re align your biological clock to going to sleep at the correct time . unfortunately , theres no shortcut but you should try ... omg , really , this is just silly ! lol most people are never gonna meet on this forum in real life , let alone pick up lol i would have preferred if i was reprimanded / thread deleted , rather ... very , very hard to get this to work , and agree with the above post , lack of direct communication , i can feel that an infj says i'm being an asshole but its written all over the face and never ... its always the quiet one in the room who has the best mind not the blabber mouth ( although society seems to like blabber mouths , so i try to fake being an entp when ever i can , very energy draining ) ... i'll be honest , i dont believe in marriage as an institution . if two people want to live together for the rest of their lives , let them do it but why label it ? i use the term girlfriend very ... weed can lead to major procrastination but for purposeful use , it can help boost creativity the puff puff pass , it was excellent . thank you everyone for supporting the cause . '