' the description is much indeed weird . in a thread on my type , i got information on the weird description of ni . i've quoted the relevant part below . although this is focused on intjs , i think it ... oh lots of stuff in there ! discovering new things is p , more ne than se . seeing patterns / meanings -> n goal oriented / feel accomplishment -> j summarise / skipping details -> nnn more ... i'm going for infj because of the riddle interest . it's a minor hint , but stronger than any others you've shown . want to second this . lots of fe and introversion i'd go with isfj over infj , but you didn't really show much of either very clearly . the s i picked up was that you value family a lot . which could be seen as ... i have that too . let him read the istj description , maybe he recognises parts of it . i'm somewhere in between intj and istj , just more intj . being a certain type doesn't mean you can't also be ... i'd say that's more if than fp . i must admit that i didn't clearly notice a lot of j in your answers , but neither a lot of p . i went with j , because you show a lot of fe and te and because you ... it's humongous ! my text in bold i first want to know that you put stuff in systems , you organise it to understand . like this questionnaire . that points to ti to me . you're fi is clearly ... my text in bold . definitely isxj . very likely isfj . istj would be my second guess , but i didn't really see a lot of that in your answers . check the peronality portraits and see what fits you ... this is not like an intp at all , based on the functions . if she's introverted i don't think she is intp . furthermore , plenty people are more like the ambivert , rather than like an introvert or ... yeah not really sure what se would write down . so i can't say for sure . maybe that you like experiencing things . being the moment . doing something . rather than exploring and doing something new . i personally am very traditional and like rules etc . my memory can also be very detailed and i like to relive past experiences . my si isn't bad . my ni is just a lot better . same for you probably . 1 . stressed out due to planning -> low te . 2 . want to be with friends -> e yeah nostalgic -> si 3 . serious -> j netflix / sims marathon -> i this . whoops i made some typos there . i meant infp all along :p my text in bold before i was doubting between infj and infp , so i'll continue on those two . infj : ni fe ti se infp : fi ne si te out of te , ti , fe , fi , your fi seems highest and your te ... the question you're asking is really whether you're a ne-dom or se-dom . lately two people have said i claimed something was ne while it was actually se . so i'm quite sceptical now . i still think i ... still not content with your isfp call based on only one question . especially now pup lists himself as isfp :p now i want to know where i went wrong :/ edit : i updated my analysis of the first ... i don't see how you could think my mentions of n or ne at questions 10 , 17 and 20 are incorrect or more s / se than n / ne . question 20 is pure imagination . ideas , fantasy , the future . that is no se ... i replied in your new thread . this supports my decision . ne-dom . probably enfp , but decent ti . your insecurity from age 12 is basic teenager / puberty stuff . still xnfp :p my text is bold . i'm pretty sure you are ne dominant . because you have a strong preference for e , n and p . this narrows your possible types down to enfp and entp . the enfp has dominant ne ... i'm an introvert , but the last year i really spend a lot more time with other people and i love it . my old behaviour hardly involved other people . my behaviour was more introverted that my ... thinking about the future is ni . planning is te . doing things in the moment is se . don't know what raising her voice means in this case . if i had to guess , it'd be lack of fe . sticking to esfp ... it's hardly ever in order . it means you have a strong preference for feeling . besides i'm not going to get any wiser on your extraversion / introversion based on function tests :p as xnfp you have ... as ni-dom i can disprove this . i feel ni users go in depth on one subject and ne users explore a thousand different subjects , but not very thorough . this is a very good notion about the nuance ... million infjs ? the male infj is the rarest of all . contested maybe by female intjs . ( they do tend to go on fora like these often . ) yeah that's a description of much se at work , but also plenty ... woohoo . i feel super awesome about guessing that right :D btw i can't test if you don't have the same with te , because i wouldn't now what a te burst looks like . maybe when you suddenly really plan ... i had the same . when i first wanted to type myself i also asked for help in this forum . i read a lot of different descriptions back then and could relate to many of them . everytime someone gave a ... most of it confirms fi a lot , despite the test results not showing fi as strongest . also definitely ne going , like it showed in your results . xnfp stays right . i kept in some points that might mean ... heh , we always seem to disagree :p i agree with your notion of p over j in # 6 . it shows high fi to me . i heavily disagree on fix the problem attitude as ti-si . those are two internal ... bolded parts added by me : so i am pretty sure of fe and introversion . this narrows possible types down to infj and isfj . at first i noticed a lot of ni , pointing to the infj . but you also say ... in my head , staring out the window -> introversion not actually seeing -> lack of se , indicating ni . daydreaming -> ni fantasy lands -> ni ! ! ! hating politeness ( fe ) is possible . at that age ... your cognitive functions test results were really surprising to me . they are kinda opposite to what i expected . your te is incredibly high in almost every answer you gave . maybe i'm mistaking ti for ... fully agreed with this . euphemia listed it as ne , but i think it's more like fe . indicating that you are a judger . this is the definition of fe and not fi . your lack of se also means ni / se ... only real difference is your ni and se going down . which is weird , because they are opposites . ne > si makes more sense now . before i also considered se > ni , but can't see that in these results ... i agree on the i and the t . both te and ti are clearly seen in your answers . i'm going for n over s . you like being prepared . your gut feelings are almost right . not trusting them right away is ... okay . just doing my associations with the points you give . - talkative . general e . - she can talk to strangers like she has known them for a long time . when she talks to someone , you think , ... you seem to be a feeler :p just putting them in order for myself : se / ne > fe > fi > ni > si > ti > te that's an xnfp or xsfp . xnfp : top two functions : ne and fi lower two functions : si ... i consider myself a judger . i fully agree with this description , except that you don't like planning . i love planning . problem is that i don't always follow through with it . i normally don't type ... i'd say xnfj clear n . i'd go with f over t , but there's some t in there . fe : - thanking everyone all the time - ' don't speak for yourself , speak for the group ' when i read tyrianamiros ' reply i was bummed at how much se i had missed . he was right on a few of those . then reading your reply i'm glad i was right anyway :p what you describe is exactly ni . ... - sensitive to criticism is normal for any human being . being highly sensitive to it clearly points to f . being able to stand criticism is clearly t . although as you develop yourself as person you'll ... ah . clear fe reply ;p but also mal 12345 might've meant my questions and not the one you used . te would've said : what questionnaire should i use instead ? read this one : portrait of an infj ... definitely fe . glaring . fe is an extraverted judging fuction ( te also ) . if your strongest external function is extraverted , it means you are a judging type . this is introversion : you ... ( if you meant my questions ) yeah i made up the questions on the spot , just to differentiate between t and f . i'm sure i could draft some better questions on a second try . also i've only found out ... if this is all gibberish to you , don't worry . it's my mental notes :p and possibly others typing you could comment on my line of thought . n over s . as you said , i over e this leaves : intj - ... i agree on intj . i am intj , but can relate to a lot of infj and istj stuff . my ni is very strong , but my si ain't bad . i'm definitely more on the idea / abstract way of thinking , but i love ... disclaimer : i'm no expert on this . excited / challenge , solutions to fix the situation --> extraverted thinking suggest many possible causes / brainstormer --> extraverted intuition slight ... i'm sticking with infj . i never liked the test results either . i got different types each time . looking at your function test results , i also conclude infj . the easiest is looking at your ... not basing on the functions , but rather on the dichotomies i'd go for intx why i and not e : - like a select few , i dislike the willy lomans of this world : the people who think that looks and ... '