' ti nothing sounds better than this rn . + 1 yeah . lol it's just a random cute and evil hedgehog bwn found ty ^ ^ i am having too much fun colorcoding the data in excel for my spanish assignment . at this point i dont even have to read whats in a each cell . the color will tell me mwhahaha this was the last ad i caught last time i tried reloading . note : i don't always see the waiting for everytime . 718442 hi nate , nothing appears at the bottom ( no waiting on message ) . the screenshot in the op is what the window looks like . it's completely blank / white to the taskbar of my computer . the tab at the ... for the people whose avatars dont show , does resetting them work ? i've reset mine , but my account only showed an old avatar ( not * no * avatar . ) time to finish this paper once and for all . hopefully last time i'll have to think hard about it . water yes navigating , pretty much anytime you load a page fi yes thanks , because_why_not chose it . its a bit too cute for me lol im just kidding : blushed : im just kidding : blushed : i am eating almonds and hope to not develop cyanide poisoning . chrome , windows 10 . haven't tried loading the site on mobile . depreciation life on bagel is very short . omg . avocado . hw nah , nothing like that , but nvm not rly mixed feelings . but got a ton of work done today , and that was incredible , very happy about that . just needa focus for a few more questions yes and omg . bagel . no what . _ . nothing , my approach is anti strategy and will result in self defeat . too many hypotheticals . emoticons are useful . yes . but no troll : unsure : i think i'll watch a movie today . i don't like doing that much , but i might as well cross it off my list if i'm not doing hw anyways . ugh . i think you mean this as a joke , but i don't get it xd now i'm sitting in my balcony which i've never done for this long , percing and it feels pleasant . i like this . if only it were less hot . i want to draw a picture of my view as a personal snapshot of ... anyways , that happened twice today . i had very good happy / normal / stable moods the past few days before . so much that it was good and i wanted to see what can break it . like when you are upset and you ... i keep trying to ruin my mood as a self experiment and after a few days it finally worked . why do i get excited from this :d ry : lots of intp 9s too . 5 most common then 9 , maybe . yes , indeed . good . very good . you will fully trnasition into an sj . good . very good . you will fully trnasition into an sj . ni im scarred . this guy deserves a refund being intp 9 sp first + moonious i have a strange tendency to notice inner subtleties and manipulate them in self defeating ways simply out of curiosity . ni yep istp still is that 4 ? e ... how about binary ? some ones , some 0s . you're actually esfj now according to your profile . person below me , skip me . pass . min esfj max intp most likely in between . '