' this is all really fascinating , cause i must admit , i've never had a good idea of what separates friend with benefits and an actually relationship . happilie , your response was definitely the most ... i don't play guitar , but i do play trombone . and i dabble at piano . went to uni for music , too ! for a semester , anyway . hehe : laughing : i'm big into jazz . i'd love to learn guitar ! yes ! oftentimes , if i'm not more calculated about it , i go to bed with my mind racing and my emotions jumping all over the place . it's truly impossible to get to sleep ! i certainly don't need ... i worked in construction for a summer and the man i carpooled with to work was an istp . so they're there ! ... but so are female enfps . haha : laughing : oh my goodness ! yes ! o . o i had a long relationship with a guy who was totally into mushy sentimental things . he was a big time infj and would have these elaborate sentimental fantasies that were ... awww man ! not another one ! : confused : http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/4927-enfp-astro-signs-taurus-example.html ... boo . :( that's not a fair thing to say at all . and , for the record , i only know one female enfp in real life ... but i know four enfp males . : tongue : they're plenty masculine , too ( one guy is an ... yeah ! finding my enneagram type really helped explained a lot . at least , i'm pretty sure i'm a 7w6 . ahhh ... i'll go with . :D my general understanding of 7s is that they don't like to dwell on the ... ahahaha ! ! ! watching you was like seeing my mind sitting on a bed talking about things . i also name my electronics . i also collect fossil-y things ! i have a calcified piece of dino poop . yup ! a piece ... it's legal where i live ( toronto ) ! not that i use it , but if you wanted you could come on up here for it . : tongue : gawww : crazy : <3 <3 thanks a bundle ! i have a great intp friend who i love to death . so give yourself some kudos , too ! intps are wonderful people . :p roud : but unfortunately , when it comes to working or going to school or living a life on the other side of that line , it is very , very important . even if the people on the other side of that line have the ... i just got this supercalifragilisticexpialidocious-ly great job where every day i have butt loads of fun . it makes me want to use all caps all the time and use this ^ ___ ^ emoticon ... is this thread for real ? haha ... people are so weird . haha ... you sound like a cool lady . : laughing : i've had a great experience with an older enfj woman in my life , who became like my second mother . when everything was careening into my cloudy future ... when i saw your topic title i thought enfp ! ! infp ... close enough for rock n ' roll . : wink : welcome ! what do you mean by difficult ? difficult in love ? difficult to interact with ? difficult to please ? difficult to find ? difficult to get rid of ? difficult to cook for ? ummm ... if he's rockin ' the personality thing and confidence thing , then sure , why not ? i think it takes a lot of guts to be a guy with hair like that . kudos to them . : tongue : naked in my apartment on a hot day and have a fan blowing cool air on me . : tongue : no , not at all comfortable . - _ - i wouldn't say it scares me , but i do find such a prospect highly undesirable . it's not like i'm actively searching for a partner ( let the chips fall where they ... enfp + the world ! ! ! ^ ___ ^ : laughing :: proud :: laughing : <3 <3 <3 hahahaha * dances * hahaha : crazy : i thought the exact same thing ! ! ( and came up with a few ideas how ... but i'd like to hear the real one ) i'm pretty darn extroverted . when i'm alone for a long time i get mopey and ... hey ! ni + te would be my pick , too ! ... or ne + ti . one of those n dominant , t auxiliary combos . :p roud : hey ! those are my favourite kinds of stories , too ! lessee ... three of my absolute favs are : - a tangled web - l . m . montgomery - one hundred years of solitude - gabriel garcia marquez - catcher in ... my best friends have historically been significant others or guys . i've always dreamt of having a best girl friend , but i just haven't really made that kind of connection with another female . ... i ... don't really handle alone time that great . i mean , i can't live without it and i know how important it is , but i would rather my alone time be sitting by myself in a crowded coffeehouse or ... heh heh heh ... so i have this dirty little secret : i love uniforms . i love the way they look and i love wearing them . if my job makes me wear a uniform , i feel so great . : crazy : i think i love ... yeah ... i usually just start out with what i guess could be described as bait . bait is usually an off-hand comment or something that you would maybe greet a friend with . for instance , on the ... heh ... i guess i'll seriously answer your question . back in high school i tried really hard to be on the cutting edge of the indie music scene . no one i knew did the same thing , but i enjoyed ... hey hey miss ( mrs . ? ? ) type 2 enfp ! welcome :D :D my advice : those online tests are crap . don't listen to them . :p roud : learn about functions ! just google mbti functions and read up . it'll really help . yup yup ! and welcome , by the way . : wink : * pokes * i like you already . welcome ! ! ( ( don't mind me , i'm one of those extremely extroverted people ... you can ignore me and it won't hurt my feelings ) ) : crazy : orestes , eh ? i think i've heard that name in greek mythology at some point . or maybe i'm just thinking that cause it seems like it would be a name out of greek mythology . : tongue : i like what you ... 你好 ! 你是不是中国人 ? 我不是 , 但我会说汉语 . :p roud : 欢迎 ! i dunno ... i've never really been into car races that much ... everything you said really hit home , but this statement was most pertinent . fi is so inherent . it's second nature ( literally : crazy :) . ne perceives something and fi reacts . te now keeps everything ... i'm a taurus , but on the aries cusp . i see bits of myself in both star signs . i also think zodiac stuff is mostly crap . : tongue : the type i feel most like would be 7 . however , i do feel slight inclinations towards 2 and 4 ( not as much as 7 , though ) . as far as wings go , i feel like i can't make a decision on that if i can't ... this seems very fe to me ( entjs feeling function is fi ) . my step-dad is an entj , and he doesn't believe that there's any reason for social nicety . if someone is being stupid , then it needs to be ... well , just from what you've described , you seem a lot like an infj friend of mine . not only that , but my initial thought was infj ... totally . you like connecting with people , but it's draining ... um um ummm ... how do i commit ? how do i comet ? when it comes to relationships , i usually don't have a big problem submitting myself to it for the long run . it's the starting of said relationships ... the same things happen to me , too , at night ! i used to go for late-night bike rides and runs at night , until my boyfriend at the time found out and freaked . he made me realise that it's actually not ... http://i793.photobucket.com/albums/yy216/energeticelephant/china-hua-shan-2008-05-28-213-6-hdr-sm.jpg http://i793.photobucket.com/albums/yy216/energeticelephant/hong-kong.jpg ... haha ... same here . : crazy : i like disrupting serious people's bubbles of seriousness and getting them to loosen up and have some fun . or disrupting silly people's bubbles and getting them to have a ... well , my old enfp friend is dating an estj . he's really into her and loves that she's kind of brash and controlling . i like her , too . i think the two of them are super cute together . : tongue : ... i don't mind if guys are attracted to me . i'm feminine and flirty , but also don't care for drama , enjoy getting sweaty and dirty and have a real desire for intellectual conversations . i notice that ... i'm going to put my money on enfp and i will tell you why . : wink : i , myself , sometimes wonder if i'm not an entp . sometimes i can be really warm and enthusiastic , cheerful and people-centred and ... enfp + math love + female = awesome person i'm happy to see another enfp lady who loves math . welcome welcome ! :p roud : aha ! ok ... i see what you're getting at . yeah , i think you could totally use those lines as long as you're sincere and genuine with them . look us in the eyes when you ask , too ! this will show ... hahaha ... yeah , we enfps can be very headstrong as young ' uns . my mum will tell you : the first 6 years of my life were basically a screaming match between me and her ( every morning , every night , with ... '