' how can you be an istp when your si is stronger than your se , your ne is stronger than your ni , your fi is stronger than your fe , and you aren't even close to being ti dominant ? i'd rather be given something useless like that than food for a gift . i hate it when i get chocolate for christmas . he's intj . his foresight and simulations is all ni . te because he's blunt , often disregarding how others feel ( which is why he sometimes says things and the others get offended ) . i'm right handed , but my my printing is such shit , no matter how much i worked to improve it . in fact , everything where i use one hand is like that , like soldering in electronics class . i've thought ... three esfjs , that sounds depressing . well , you'll graduate soon enough . i have a lot more in common with the other nts . i'd rather not smile . jeff-entp abed-intj troy-esfp britta-enfp annie-isfj shirley-esfj pierce-estj for the main characters i'd say : michael-estj franklin-istp trevor-estp 1 ) my bad attention to detail leads me to lose marks in math class so i never get as i high of a mark on tests as others ( i usually get between 90-95 % not a big deal to most people , but it's a huge ... my desire to create is that i might be able to make money off it one day or just make something cool . my favourite types of art are film & music . literature wastes too much time ( the expression , ... my school just started a debate team this year , should be interesting . enfp all the ones i know seem to hate me . i'm a student in high school and i want to meet other entjs . i know for sure that none of my close friends are entjs . however , i want to find more entjs . where or how would i do this ? entps and intps were probably the reason we could progress through the early stages of history . entjs and intjs , i don't know . i'm spontaneous when a plan fails , sudden changes come about , or i don't have time to make a perfect plan . sjs ( isxjs especially ) are the least likely to get them . nfs ( xnfp especially ) are the most likely to get them . this quiz is retarded . extroverted types ( entj , entp , etc . ) can be introverted people . introverted types ( intj , intp , etc . ) can be extroverted people . if te-ni-se-fi applies more than ni-te-fi-se , you're an entj . what's the big deal with chemical weapons anyways ? even so , i don't trust the assholes in charge . the u . s . can pretty much do what it wants . it's just an excuse to take over another country . enfp , why don't you grow up , get off the internet and go get a job ? istj and esfp . i could care less , unless i was trying to run a political campaign or something . i hate sleep . while sleeping i can't do anything . but if i don't do sleep i'll be useless the next day . i've never took an official one , but one i took online i got 129 or something like that . however , the whole test seemed like a scam . your type : entj infp : i hate pretty much every infp i know . they're over sensitive and tend to worry too much about useless things . infj : they're too nice . enfp : similar , but worse than ... i said i had wanted over $ 100,000 , but when i back spaced it said $ 75,000 so i kept trying to fix it , but it wouldn't let me . anyways : statisticians treasurers and controllers actuaries software ... extremely atheist . i won't die ... seriously i want to be remembered by everyone . i want to be in the history textbooks . pro-choice . i'm not american , but i think in the u . s . that right is guaranteed under the 9th amendment . more than that though , there are too many useless parents having useless kids , it's not helping ... overall my mom's isfp and my dad's istj . i get along really well for the most part with my mom , but she overreacts a lot and if i try to reason with her that seems to make her even more mad . my dad is ... i plan on going to university , but i'm not too sure as to what i want to do . ntj & stj are similar due to tj which means extroverted thinking . for example i'm entj and my dad's istj and we're similar in our general emotionless , organized sense ( te ) , but he often dismisses ... i'm blunt so that alone scares people away . i'll be nice for the most part to most acquaintances ( still blunt though ) . to people i don't like i make it clear and say things like i don't like you , ... i don't know much about them , but they seem to share my leadership & manipulation techniques . however , they're a bit more genuine with their manipulation it seems . they also have less balls if you ... who the hell gets up after 9:00 on weekdays ? i'm only in high school , but i tend to keep the writing process simple , yet make the writing complex . if it is a research paper where i am only being marked for content and not writing ability i ... i rushed through it , but : 1expressing regret 11accept responsibility 3make restitution 4genuinely repent 1request forgiveness i run , but i put more preference weight training . however , i have one day a week just for running where i do h . i . i . t . i also do 30 second run 30 second walks at the end of my weight training days for ... eh , i doubt i'm an intp . i had a significantly stronger preference of te over ti , se over si , & fi over fe . also , entj descriptions fit me more , as do te descriptions . does anyone else have this ? on function tests i always have stronger ne than ni . this is what i score : te , ne , ni / ti ( depends on the test ) , se , si , fi , fe . what do you think genghis khan's personality type was ? i will only show respect when i need to ( employers , biased english teachers , etc . ) inside though i respect few people . respect should more be used strategically to get what you want , to brown nose ... my guesses are for my closet friends would be : entp , estp , estj ( quite a few ) , isfp , esfp ( ugh ... ) , istp , and enfp . everyone is taking about working your ass off to do good , but i didn't have to go all try hard to do well . if the teachers teach everything that will be tested you don't need to spend hours reviewing ... i think xntj are colder , because they don't have fe which is a bit more warming ( i believe ) . i think intjs are more so though . my dad is an estj and my mom is an isfp . i get along well with my dad well and we have many common interests , but he would also lose his temper quickly and is really arrogant . my mom i love dearly , ... i think entjs can be when they want to , but i think generally they won't waste their time with them unless they find them necessary . for memorizing names unless i talk to them directly , i can never ... i'm not going to read all 90 pages , so i'll just say why they tend to annoy me . also keep in mind , i'm entj and they have the complete opposite function order from us . first of all fe--group ... '