' well i just wanted to submit a few ideas to you , make sure to tell us how this specific diets works out at the end of the 3 months ! i have genuinely tried diets , here's my opinion , not-backed by scientific data and solely based on personal experiences . if you want to reach the best possible shape here are the points i'd like to ... actually i do have something that you could consider . after the holidays i used a veggie mix to help me lose the little acquired extra . i don't know if you have the time or the means to do it but if ... i think self-experimentation sums it up pretty well . i find that understanding the underlying mechanics of the human metabolism is a fascinating experience . i mean , an overwhelming number of ... guilty chronos ! really ? i was under the impression you needed math in order to build something but i'm not an architect , or maybe i'm confusing architects with engineers , in any way thanks for correcting me . i just ... the underlying laws behind all events on earth are translated into math . i used to know a girl who would say i hate reading , i mean , you're really just looking at paper ! , this is a lot like that ... poisoned pie you gave them as a ... neighbourly gift =) i'm 22 . 1 . i guess i am . 2 . if i could go back in time i'd definitely tell my younger self to study psychology and the link between art and mental health is interesting . 3 . no idea . 4 . in a way , ... odds are you never are , ever . i can relate to constantly looking at the past to question the future , i can understand this fear that grips your chest anytime you catch yourself dreaming ... yeah , i know what it feels like . the ... present a plate of eggs and bacon to her . sigh , actually that perfectly describes my love life eheh ... if the question was would you save the mona lisa or a rat , maybe i'd give it some thought . i love art and the mona lisa is a great piece but compared to a living , breathing , human baby , it ... the 2 yo . hey i've got one for you , like adro i was really down when i joined the forums , why did you join and eventually stay in the forums ? i agree with that , when i'm in a well cut tux and all i feel like i can do anything . get out of this body taylor swift . i study law and the main tool i work with is tea . i went abroad to study and didn't know anyone . it took me about 3 month to have actual conversations with people and start making friends . i would talk to people via skype but still felt like i was ... yeah ! actual success in reality guys ! if there is room for it i'd love for you to drag me out to someplace new and exciting . i always thought that this feeling was just part of growing up ... so this month i'll be done with college and i wanted to ask you guys something . i'm looking for something meaningful to do . i can start working pretty much any time i want but before that , i'd like ... from my understanding friendship isn't about you making them like you , it's about a group who enjoys time spent together . just be yourself , if people don't like the genuine you too bad , if they do ... i agree with the fact that my example is unrealistic but i think you're pretty narrow minded when you say the following . when you read the rest of the thread you can see that some people reach a ... i second that ahah ! i consider myself ambitious , i want to get a meaningful job , where i can help people and do good . but that ambition is limited to my own surroundings . i want the person i love with me , a family , ... i can appreciate someone's passion for a subject but if i have no interest for the subject i probably won't pay a very close hear to what he has to say . i don't really value raw knowledge as i ... i can't be with you on this one . i've dated girls that everyone would find hot and girls that everyone found ugly . in the end i think you just got statistic'ed , average girls are the girls you meet ... i never really eat for breakfast . when i was in college , i'd often have 3 hour classes starting at 8am . i'd be stuck in a room with 25 strangers and my stomach would be sing a whole concerto . the ... train yourself by telling girls you don't care about that you like them , as a joke . say a friend is angry at you , try telling that friend something along the lines of : oh come on x , don't you ... today i had to explain to my 45 yo father that some people are introverted , that not everyone enjoys going out and social interaction as much as he does . sigh , i get what you mean . i get ... you can find quite a few threads in our subjection covering the subject of what attracts a male enfp in depth . as a summary , i'd say that we are attracted to open minded , laid-back , honest and ... what kind of woman acts really shy in real life but almost tells you she's in love online ... so strange ! but i guess it wouldn't be fun if men and women could easily read each other ! i never think someone is beyond is redemption . but i do leave people who annoy me . it's more of a on the spot than a what you've done kinda deal . oh yeah , i love doing that ! i love watching how people react to a given event , watching how it unfolds for each person . i don't use that information in order to juge peopledecide wether i can trust ... don't really care , i'm never in a hurry . i don't think i could actually care enough to react . i've met a lot of people who would type as nts and sts who thought like that , i'd look into my type a bit more if i was you . just my advice . i like navy way more than gray . i can't choose a favourite color . well from my understanding having a harbor never stopped a ship from roaming the seas . i guess all you need to do is take the chance . it's up to you wether you actually want to or not . as long as you're happy right ? what's holding you back from settling down anyway ? she's cute ? heyyy , congratulations ! go with the blessings and best whishes of random internet people ! i went a little too far when i said it was rubbish . i guess i was just trying to say that since there is no broad consensus / unified theory and i lack the knowledge to objectively make my choices ... i don't know , as much as i enjoy mbti and functions i've come to the conclusion that the whole classification is rubbish anyway . people don't agree on what is right and i've got close to no knowledge ... well i wouldn't rule out the possibility that one of us is mistyped but yeah , it's never been an issue for me , do you know the sun trick ? i always use that for directions : sun rises in the east , in ... i don't think it's an enfp trait . i like to think that i'm pretty good when it comes to orientation and i'd say that having a good sense of direction is a part of the ability to map your surroundings ... '