' movies : no country for old men , pulp fiction , the big lebowski , once upon a time in the west , i heart huckabees books : personality type : an owner's manual , lenore thompson ; catcher in the rye , ... i used to test as an istp . now i think i fronted as an istp because of circumstances and wanting to fit in . i used mbti to understand myself better and am pretty sure i'm infp now . i'm giving it a shot this year . i tried before once but couldn't finish . i started fresh yesterday and i'm basically working off the cuff . i can't really plan where a story is going to go ahead of ... i think estp or esfp , due to their inferior ni . thoughts ? welcome ! ! sounds similar to how i got into mbti / enneagram . i might be an infp too . i love entjs . nobody is more in-your-face , and they are very loyal friends . too many people--americans especially--see introversion as almost a personality disorder . the first post didn't do justice to the social reality . as many real-life extroverts expend their energies ... a year and a couple of months since i was dating anyone . almost seven years since i really had a girlfriend . some of it's admittedly due to apathy since i don't want to give up the freedom . ... assertive . ... no , decisive . ... no , more organized . ... when your most commonly broken resolution is to be more outgoing . then it sounds like being inauthentic is worse than being aloof ? sounds like aloofness does not piss you off but maybe being inauthentic or disingenuous does . or is it being judged as intolerant of ... enfjs : what is a good way for introverts to coexist with you without irritating you due to our aloofness ? is coexistence possible ? ? i suspect so , and while i found interacting with them to be engaging , we were both pretty aloof and had little enough in common that deep communication was not likely . to other infp males : how do you feel about celibacy ? is there a value to living an abstinent lifestyle ? i think john rayburn from the show bloodline is isfj . a bit anxious about working 4:30 to midnight in an hour and a half . going to try to not let the stress wear me down tonight . me ( 1st ) - istp ( per tests , but i truly believe infp ;) ) dad-infj ( ! ! ) mom-intj ( sometimes istj , but nonetheless the mastermind ) younger brother ( 2nd ) - intj ( super intj , but often esfp ; a highly ... so many things . i'm angry most of the time . when i take the tests i get istp more often than anything . after researching , i was satisfied that this was a mistype and that i'm infp , because my major preoccupations are philosophical and ethical , ... can anybody confirm from experience that the entj match works for infp ? i know keirsey favored matching types that have the same perceiving function , and then all other preferences being opposite . i ... morbid angel - secured limitations i agree grrm seems very intp . that makes a lot of sense . i can be flexible or rational / critical , when required . when fi is involved though , buddy , look out ! either that or implosion and identity-crisis . same here . according to thomson , you can't develop the inferior function ( personality type , 80 ) ? ? i'm actually not allowed to ... uh , long story . there is a proverb that illustrates this point : with one straw , one cannot cover a roof . my earlier post was in reply to emberfly . sorry , i did not include the quotation . anecdotal or theoretical , its all good for me . i know nothing whatsoever so any information is a plus . right . me , i normally assume that my mundane experiences betoken universal realities . i thought if there were a place for this question , this would be it . plus i know most on this site are more ... i am new to mbti , so my question is , is it common for people from the same family to have the same type as each other ? intj seems over-represented in my family , with mom and two brothers getting ... what seems to be the trick to kill a thread ? yeah . been taking notes all day , though . just about to get back to the fun : rolleyes :: ninja : i would have expected more type 1s 5w4 4w5 9w1 so / sp classic case of foot in mouth . maybe lead off with the vibrant inspiring stuff next time . i ( male infp ) do tend to feel friction with intjs , that they see themselves as intellectually ( or ... 8 . when you reflect on social interactions and play them in your mind over and over again before you fall asleep , regretting what you should have said and what you shouldn't . and you realize from ... good one . infp ( my type ) intp isfp isfj no way that this situation could be improved sounds like infp to me . i am infp and my dad is infj , and the most obvious difference between us is the extroverted decision-making . we have most of the same interests otherwise and can often read ... the empire strikes back the big lebowski i heart huckabees the good , the bad , and the ugly gladiator ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx proudtobeme : 1w2 4w5 5w6 sp / sx arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so ... my favorite of the list i definitely can relate to that one . what odds do you give a 5 and 2 ? ? seems like there's some potential there . there's only one type that really tends to rub me the wrong way , in real life . just so happens that type ( which shall remain nameless ) is in my tritype . in every other part of life--school , your job , family , religion , work , sports--there's a mold for how to be and it's fit in or get left out . seeing that people belong to different types instead of ... unhealthy 9w1 inferiority stemming from national humiliation in ww1 exhibiting negative 6 behavior interest in philosophy / the occult / failed artist hello . i come before you today believing in acceptance of all personality types . after self-testing and reflection , i am an istj , 6w5 . look forward to interacting with folks on this ... '