' it's their christian duty ( seriously ) to try to set my belief aside and explain why christian belief will reunite me with loved ones in heaven and save me from hell . i respect their position but , ... being a lesbian in alabama is easier than being an atheist in alabama . that's your extroverted intuition running its course ! i do the same thing with trees . i always notice trees and am affected by them . others i know pay very little attention to trees . atheist here . science . is . my . mode . of . deference . minus the neoteny orange appled expresses my sentiments exactly . gay middle aged infp female here . go for it . if she does not reciprocate - play it cool . go for it . when my family gets together they are loud . lots of alcohol . i can tolerate about 40 minutes of it , then i end up finding the younger children and hanging with them . i never look forward to ... election disgust pakistan the thought of facebook makes me want to touch myself , not in the good kind of way . pumpkin beer . pumpkin beer . pumpkin beer . intimidating , kind , considerate , stand off - ish , thinks she's better than everyone else ( ha - this is from my family who are loud at get togethers and it's like an alcohol inflamed , frat party - i ... my high school experience - i imagine such would be heavenly for an extrovert , not this introvert . us school systems don't do much to support introverts . i would not relive high school ever ... i can say that i could not live with someone where there was no intellectual connection but i could live with someone where there was an intellectual connection but not an emotional connection . i ... my head used to distract me from reality all the time . learning about functions and sorting through me helped me understand things . i have gotten control over it in the last 3 years or so . i ... enfjs - always . - infps are incredibly emotional - i suppose i am on the inside with introverted feeling . not sure everyone sees that though , or maybe i'm just fooling myself ... ? - infps love poetry , reading , etc . - ... 565162 you can diagnose yourself with anything . in order to receive legitimate medical treatment - you should see a licensed mental health professional or licensed medical doctor . sounds like you have ... i am a naturally gifted athlete . unfortunate that i am not competitive . it could have paid for school and who knows what else . frankly , i wish i did have a competitive spirit . this construct has never made much sense to me . i love people . i love animals . i love trees . and this love is something i can feel . but , i don't feel love for myself . i am really good at beating ... not to be ageist - but , it does matter - how old are you or better , yet - what year were you born ? for instance , i can't look at or hear anything without being reminded of something else or referencing things i've seen / heard in the past . per ... i'm an infp and you described many of my traits above ... what are the intps saying ? is this page 69 ? i get it ... i bet your adorable and i'm hope it is flattering to you to be considered gay . it never bothers me when people peg me as gay from the get go . or straight . i understand your ... gotcha ! i'm gay , so all this fuss about people thinking an individual might be gay is interesting . if the worst you can be perceived is , is gay , then , embrace your outward gayness . if you are ... : cool : it could be worse - you could be an infp who is gay that people think is hetrosexual ! :) am i really related to you people ? aspirin might help . http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2014/09/heartache-take-2-aspirin.html it overwhelms me ... i see others transparent , naked , and exposed . i try to ignore it . plus , often people do not like to be read . i'm like a lap dog . i only wish i could be a part of groups . i exercise frequently outdoors . there is a man , who i befriended . this man leads a large group of people who get together to hike , bike , swim , etc ... prince : unsure : i've finally reached the end of the internet ... now , i am really interested in space and time .. the creation of the universe , the big bang ... if i could only wrap my head around the planck ... 507458bj , skipper , lilly , and emmitt ... nothing smells as warm and welcoming as a wet dog ! my car - it's a traveling kennel for daily drives to the dog park ! i hug trees ... it's crazy how amazing it feels-the trees really appreciate it ! make that an orange clown ! ... nice ! ... i've thought this many times before ... hmmm . ditto ! any medium that involves sight , touch , taste , smell , or hearing . any thoughts on rooney mara ? i saw her interviewed recently and recognized fi ... ? yes - i've always felt john mayer was a . infp , too ! ! his music speaks to me ... as does james taylor's ( another suspected infp ) and then there is carol king and carely simon ( not sure bout ... it's a wonder i made it this far in life and the level of professional success i have achieved - i am sure for most of my life i lived in my head . maybe it was my ability to forge deep relationships ... i've never understood - infps often feel misunderstood . i don't expect people to understand me . i am no different from other people , either . if people understand me as much as i understand ... - my dogs - when ne starts ripping at me - that creative energy flow - mmm ! - when the number on the scale is less - hugs from children - passionate love - bodies of water - the forest - beer - a ... i love you ! your prose was way cool . now , you've got me think n ' ' bout the power of broccoli . such a temptress , broccoli , that one , she is ... 490866 '