' anyone .. ? anything .. ? okay , so , last thing i was typed was xstj , and i reached to the conclusion that i was rather istj than estj . i would like to know if i'm correct in believing so or if i am actually something ... personally , i feel rather content with entj , but due to the fact that my life was before not too long ago a tremendous mess , meaning big changes have happened since , which has probably subconsciously ... so , this wonderful show just recently started on abc , and i was wondering whether anyone had any guesses already for what the characters ' types might be - if so , please do tell . my guesses : wes - ... thanks for the help ! hearing from somebody else that entj fits the bill seemed to be the one thing i needed in order to make it official . plus , it's a great type , i have no doubt that i will grow ... 1 . have your interests broadened or narrowed over time ? honestly ? i think they've narrowed down a bit . i used to be all over the place with interests and not really going in deep into subjects , but ... first off , i'd like to state that for some time i've considered myself to be an intp , but as i've come to a new school and found myself being more social than reserved ( which is unlike before ) . i've ... well , i'm not completely sure what their types are , but i have my guesses .. father : entp mother : isfp brother # 1 : esfp brother # 2 : esfj brother # 3 : entj being an intp doesn't automatically mean you're a cold-hearted beast , it merely means your natural state of mind when making decisions is thinking logically without any particular emotional ... hmm , tough question , but i guess mine would be something along the lines of : 1 . ) warehouse 13 2 . ) orphan black 3 . ) elementary 4 . ) the fosters 5 . ) brooklyn nine-nine 6 . ) legend of the seeker ... overall , or recently ? either way , the answer is yes ; of course i have . generally , i score high on both the thinking ( te / ti ) and the intuition ( ne / ni ) functions , meanwhile se and fe are always way ... nope . unfortunately , the primary parts from both sides apply . oh , trust me , i've read through profiles alright - the intj one being very reasonable and fitting .. just as the intp profile is . i am definitely most certain of my thinking trait ; objectivity is ... well , that's the thing , i'm not quite sure whether or not what i see in intp descriptions are completely accurate for me at this point . i cannot discern between what i actually relate to and ... 29 + views , yet no one has given me any kind of insight . how disappointing . 100418 in the mean time , i will settle with intp - i can always describe myself via other means ( re : slytherin , the ... while i've been content with the intp personality type for quite some time ( with an occasional identity-crisis about whether or not the type fits me enough ) , i am beginning to question whether or not ... not sure if anyone has mentioned it yet , but claudia donovan from warehouse 13 is most definitely an entp ( perhaps one of the more introverted ones , but all the same ) . honestly can't think of anyone ... a comprehensive list : - maximilien de robespierre - william shakespeare - j . r . r . tolkien - albert einstein - ada lovelace - aristotle v for vendetta - one hell of a movie tbh . personally , i get along quite well with intjs and infjs . curious cynic . interesting test , although the personality type i was given was incorrect ( infp ); could have been worse though . giant - life dwarf - never soul - death persona - future guide - revolution ... plants ? never had to deal with any plants ( thankfully ) , but if i did , the outcome would most definitely not be acceptable . pets on the other hand ... uh , despite all of them being dead at this ... intp & 5w6 ; sink me , m'dear ! although i found myself being positively surprised by the song ( to some degree ) , to me , it felt too plain and perhaps repetitive .. ? not quite sure , but it definitely couldn't hold my interest for ... getting to know your cognitive functions is crucial in this matter , and it is honestly the best way to get it as accurate as possible . to read about cognitive functions , just go here : understanding ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdOc6FUYSL0 ragnarök - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia [ the amount of reading i've done lately on norse mythology and the viking age ... oh dear . ] just a piece of bread ; gotta love bread . honestly , i hate the term true love - as if love should be measured in a freakin ' cup . just like i hate the concept of soulmates , because , really , what's the use ? what good is it for ? you either ... well , for one , it has helped me immensely with noticing how types act around each other , and just .. it's just bloody brilliant ! with such a huge storage ( so to speak ) of types , you get to really see ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8KQmps-Sog ( i'm in a bit of an enjolras mood tbh ) [ the song stunnedfox posted ] the vocals are fair enough ( although the lead singer is just .. i don't .. he just doesn't sit right with me ) , and the melody is quite nice and upbeat , not that i care to ... capricorn . 42 % - here i thought i'd score less , but alright . if there is such an occasion ( with me crying ) , it's probably either because i'm over-stressed or it had something to do with les misérables . overall , it's a rarity , but it can happen with the just ... i love chess all the more ( i suppose i love it in theory more than i actually love playing it ) , but when it comes down to it - i am far better at scrabble than chess . not that i play either of them ... here's mine ( in no particular order ): 1 . the pretty reckless 2 . evanescence 3 . ed sheeran 4 . coldplay 5 . kesha rose ( a . k . a . ke $ ha ) 6 . bee gees 7 . within temptation 8 . kelly clarkson 9 ... i have not taken an official test as of yet , but i have taken several online iq tests . i have the tendency to land between 125 and 135 , which may or may not be the case when i actually do take the ... well , i certainly prefer the company of nt and nf types over the rest , but there's no type i straight-out dislike . my closest acquaintances , whom i actually bother talking to : ixfj , infj , intj , estp & esfp . ( okay , so , maybe the latter one is someone i regularly call a practical asset , rather than a good ... intp , 5w6 , and currently in high school ( technically our country's equivalent of a high school , but all the same ) . at our school , there's a hella lot of groups . they're all pretty mixed though , so ... i was fired from my job half a year ago , actually . i served as a cleaning person at a dentist clinic , and it got tiring in the long run , so i did not perform the work as well as [ my boss ] would have ... i was suffering from depression when i first started out figuring what mbti was all about , and back then i believed myself to be an infj . today , i am a proud intp ( who's still pondering on the ... '