i suggest you treat him like you would a sociopath out for you . bore him . respond to him , but flatly without emotion . acknowledge him , but don't engage him . be dull . he'll forget about you and ... i'd be drinking in the basement it's not really a policy as much as a hang up . i'll call a gypsy tattarjävel and a middle eastern blatte or babbe , if they deserve it . those are fighting words in swedish , will get you cut up . but i ... i swear way too fucking much . but i have serious issues with being disrespectful to women . i can call a friend a fucking cunt for just about everything , but i have never and hopefully will never use ... yes , of course i have a job . i'm the operations director of a small-midsize manufacturing company . it's a fucking fantastic job for any technically minded entp . i love it and i make serious bank ... the ridiculousness lies in the idea of the ideal match . there's a lot more to compatibility than mbti , and i would say that this particular mbti match is more about what seems ideal than what ... having been away for a year and more this entp + infj match just seems ridiculous . you guys are cute , but holy fuck ... not the best match necessarily . you changed , he didn't . not his fault really . or is it ? ask yourself , ask him , is this worth ending your relationship ? this doesn't sound like it is about mbti but two people , love , the ... don't try to control him . when he is young , make sure he pays attention to school and learns good study habits . support him ( with word , not money ) in any and all interests he aquires , but don't ... are you fucking serious ? you need to get out more . argue your point , whatever it is . i just don't think you can , because i don't think you actually know enough about the matters to refute me . i think you want to gain the upper hand by painting me ... i bet you can't . really ? please refute me . i might have written it in a silly manner , but i 100 % stand behind it and can argue for it . except the equaling merkel with hitler thing . i don't necessarily think it was ... ok so merkel first . she is one of three great , megalomaniacal leaders germany has had since the beginning of the 20th century . only difference she , and her predecessor chancellors , are a bit smarter ... what's wrong with you ? ? pure evil has no type ! what the fuck did i just listen to ? are you serious ? it depends . i can be very confrontational but i've gotten in to too many confrontations where it turned out i was in the wrong . mistakenly in the wrong , but still in the wrong . on the internet this ... 1 . i don't really think it's an ideal match , but it could work . 2 . stress 3 . it's very important . 4 . it's essential that we can talk and have a good exchange , but not essential that she likes an ... this is fucking stupid as hell . so the most detached and aloof person wins ? well then i'm not going to play the game at all . living life like that ? what an utter fucking waste of time . live life to ... for fucks sakes no . also your editing is fucking painful . worst combo except for isfp . because fi . apparently i am a woman . yeah agreed on all points . my point was that they don't actually need a huge capital investment in order to actually start the company and build a house . what you are talking about is a step above ... i was thinking that you would sell the product yourself / through distributors and own the product , not just the ip . if you're licensing it i am convinced that you are right on ! my point is just that ... i would like to add that it's not always the best idea to get a patent . depending on the area you are getting a patent in you can actually hurt yourself more by applying for a patent than just ... what's going through his mind ? i think he stated it pretty clearly . he like you , is infatuated with you , but he doesn't see a future with you . probably because he doesn't want to be tied down . i ... it's hard to not let it get to you . some people have an easier time shaking it off , some don't . in the end what you really are doing is kind of the same thing as when you're recovering from a break ... i had a wild weekend . we fired up the sauna and smoked lots of weed . then we swam in the lake . wild ! did you see any sources for this chart ? there aren't any , are there ? or well ... i know there are . but they are never provided when that chart is reposted . long story short the source is bullshit . ... fitzchivalry farseer is one dense motherfucker . rand al'thor is infuriatingly stupid at times . half the characters in asoiaf are disgustingly aggravating . but i dont hate any of them . a family and a career might be hard to combine . when do you see yourself having kids ? a lot of the positions you mention seem to be mba-level positions , are you up for that ? i would stay in ... who knows ? he chases a ball for a living . my guess is dog . i've had to learn that sometimes you have to just swallow your pride and go along with a decision that you do not agree with , in order to fulfill larger more important goals . like at work . i work for ... yeah i'm an 8 . it probably has something to do with it . i just couldn't fathom being happy if i had several layers of decision makers above me . i want to at least be a part of the decisions that ... i'm a mechanical engineer and the operations manager at a small ( 40 people ) manufacturing company . we develop , manufacture and sell our own products . it is the best thing ever . i fucking love every ... smart , ambitious but submissive brunettes with a morbid streak and a compatible music taste . nothing else has ever got me going . actual friends ? invited his girlfriend to a party . wanted to hit on her . instead i went to china with him . thank you captain obvious ! do i know you ? 2 year younger me , you are so fucking full of shit . you fucking want the clingy . don't try to kid yourself . idiot . also , don't enter any relationships until when you're 28 at least . you're not ... i've got to agree that the entj has got to go . the infp and isfp also absolutely have to fuck off because i can't stand the whining . apart from that i'm not really sure . i guess the enfj will have to ... i dont think i know any . i am not sure they exist . you , dear sir , is the textbook definition of spoiled brat . i honestly don't think brats come more spoiled than that ! good luck and have fun with life , unless you are planning on having your ... i listed speed ! ritalin which is european adderall is a favorite , although good old amphetamine is the best . i don't do small doses , and after 5g + of shrooms or a couple of heavy hits of acid i need a week or so to recover fully . that's too bad . still , you should try to investigate things on your own and keep a critical mindset . so ... bad because they said so in school and forbidden because you dont know where to get any ? ok ! you're a gullible moron ! do you believe everything that authorities tell you ? ? well played sir , well played ! but you can't troll a troll ! ;) why are they bad for me ? seriously , a statement like that without any kind of backing is useless . is it because you said so , or why do you think they're bad for me ? btw . , you are totally not ... druuugs . i used to be all about the psychedelics . lsd , shrooms , 2c - b , mdma would be my favorites . nowadays i have a life to take care of so it's strictly beer , weed , speed and benzos . but only on ...