' dear infj sister , you live to be right about all my poor decisions . it's like every time i fail , a part of you smiles inside . even if you love me , you love to see me fail . i will never live life ... every day all day .. i put it out there . no regrets . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASVUj89hyg0 nice map ! lots of fire with an earth moon . venus is leo ... awww astrology breaks me down into parts .. mbti ... a description of parts as a whole . sun : libra moon : pisces rising : aquarius i just think it's useful and i wish i had known that i enjoy learning about it earlier . you are awesome ! i'm in a metaphorical type mood today . imagine a dark cave .. that is my dark side . you have no idea what is in that cave . so unpredictability is my dark side . i don't know if that will ever change ... in my earlier life , all of these descriptions are what i felt . i was intense , infatuated , overly enthusiastic , overly available . now it's like i have a filter so that i don't lose myself in the ... thanks for the help : happy : leave it to me to earn that title on a daily basis , i am told i am intense or intimidating . yep it is happening . that one is bound and determined to never go away . i do love meryl though . hello , can you change my name to grounded_one ? ? rant : i want to talk ... learn ... visually stimulate .. about ? ? ? cars . american rebuilds , i have preferences , but really i just love the passion that goes into the builds . i just learned how completely ... i admire your dedication .. yipppeee ! ! ! i miss talking about cars . i had a friend that would feed my addiction and tell me about his 69 camaro rebuild . do any of you partake in this activity ? end my suffering haha . what's your favorite ? ... yes people either accept my energy or reject it , but either way having the wisdom to know it really isn't about you is what i find the most empowering . i can't worry about how people are receiving me ... i've never done / tried / thought / felt that before . you're welcome . don't plan on cutting down english ivy and not catching poison ivy .. just don't . : blushed :: frustrating :: tongue : 101546 rave : i blindly correctly guessed istj for my new crossfit pal . i forgot how freaking awesome it is to interact with you peeps ! well typically if i have flown the coop , a good old pulse check , just seeing if you are okay ? text always made me smile and feel like you were genuinely checking in on me . when i take on too much i ... in my experience what you described has more to do with your level of sensitivity to energy around you . if you have high empathic abilities you might be absorbing more than you would like to . that ... great variety there ! hello my loves , do any of you speak a foreign language ? the real kind , from another country , not our own code language haha . i am just curious if i have the natural ability to accomplish this or ... look at you achieving ! mood : traumatized reason : pretty sure an istj is infatuated with me . the stare down happened . it's like it's a damn vortex of some sort . so when i stare back we create a giant black hole and ... you have witnessed what i myself see everyday . more is never enough to some people . the idea that someone else is paid well because they worked hard and deserved it . no it is provided because it ... mood : gloria http://youtu.be/7RI-QtEAwvE she makes me feel alrighhht woo woo ! what a nice validation of commitment ? mazel ha a mixture of music , exercise accountability , some work responsibilities , and that my feet are freezing . i agree with that , when i don't want to pick up anything from you i avoid eye contact at all costs . it's likely why i look like a snobby bitch most of the time haha . i pick up too much info from ... detachment gets a 7/10 i love using eye contact to deliver a message oh dear .. donate that rubbish as quickly as possible . or every piece you have that is one less thing you can eat later on . calories in calories out , simple process . i'm liking this thread ! i have a ... anyone who wants a more indepth look at this stuff pm me , i do this as a hobby and would love to help out . pink heels on a monday , yeah you all better watch yourselves ! by that i mean i will likely fall down and knock you over um who is the man with so much chest showing .. goodness sakes i can hardly concentrate . is he a guardian angel ? i'm lost as usual . hey person , you wrote something very sweet . thanks for writing that . i enjoy duncan trussell and joe rogan immensely . they just seem to have a good time and promote living a fulfilling life . yes it's possible for pretty girls to be overlooked haha . come on girl ! if someone isn't giving you the vibe .. walk on . don't question the gut feeling , if you are confused why your charms aren't ... this is my favorite accidental hobby . rant : a parent's creed : do not let me be the soulless parent , the parent who would rather watch tv then engage with her child . do not let me be so afraid to fail that i enable him . do not let me be ... we are all the same http://www.heyuguys.co.uk/images/2012/07/Detachment-UK-Poster.jpg i totally rocked that philosophy yesterday . dear istp , i came i saw i left , you are still you and i am still me haha . there will always be good tension between us no matter what , what a gift ! enfp my unpredictability can really annoy others . but for me , i revel in having the freedom to change my mind and stand by that choice . mood : denial chores are awesome ! everybody needs to do squats http://media-cache-ec5.pinterest.com/upload/206391595393352428_T06ovSZl_c.jpg '