' richard is textbook male infp . he's too sensitive to be ti-dom . istp youngest . sometimes i question my own typing as an infp . infps ( idealists ) are pegged as the type most likely to say everybody should just get along . while i do indeed wish that everybody would just get ... watch out . i'll be probing uranus . catrific is an isfp . many of us have agreed on enfj . there's also a possibility of infj because it can be difficult to distinguish innie / outie through youtube . he displays a lot of fe as he's extremely in touch with his ... i think people are reading into this a little too much ... clearly , she's an sfj . there's no way in hell that she's an infp . sorry . i know esfps , isfjs , and isfps who are romantic as it gets . you don't need to be an infp to be a romantic . tits-n-assception entj : quora entp : 4chan intj : reddit intp : anything in the deep web where they may discuss physics , as well as troll pedo forums . estj : checks up on emails every three days . that's about it ... xsfx tmlt listen to the same exact song on repeat excessively xntp tmlt jump into relationships easily xsxj tmlt have a furry fetish isfj xsfp mlt be liked by all types inxp mlt enjoy holocaust jokes entp mlt have a gambling habit intj mlt be the worst at making comebacks in a heated argument green day are said to be one the best live performers by many people , largely because of billie joe's grandiose presence on stage . he is extremely engaging with the crowd , as well as comfortable . he ... both are possible . i could see xsfp in certain angles . i think the first few gd albums seemed really fi . however , i get a lot of fe vibes from him . he has those tp facial expressions . green day were my favorite band in 7th grade . as i did a little reminiscing today , i was trying to figure out billie joe armstrong's type . from the few other threads i've seen , i notice the overall ... istj definitely estj tmlt be very open-minded and experimental with drugs xsfj tmlt fail math extp tmlt be the most badass enfj ? tmlt be a radical feminist isfj ? tmlt be fired from a job for not reaching ideal performance entj tmlt be a massive radiohead fan xnxp tmlt be the underdog estp enfp ? tmlt be an overly obsessive lover who has a dire flaw of needing to search their significant others ' phone and social media accounts seems like an istj hobby . tmlt become a farmer ixfp tmlt own 18 cats infp tmlt show up at their job high def some ne user tmlt begin and promote a kickstarter campaign in order to build an elevator which transports people to the moon and back inxp most likely to sue someone else for spilt hot coffee entp entp istj most likely to have a pet tarantula big head strikes me as an isfp , honestly . xxtps . they don't give a shit about anything . most likely to hate music isfx most likely to think that they are an infj when clearly they are not enfp something tells me you're an enfj ... infj obvi perhaps isfp would be most accurate . his lyrics reek of fi-dom , without a doubt . he also seems to be popping out new songs and audio experiments like hot cakes . he's all about the sound , which is ... xsfj most likely to be a libertarian ... isfp skunk '