' how warm , present , funny , passionate , protective and caring infjs can be . how deep , creative and nurturing intps can be . how clever , goofy and hospitable istps can be . how sweet , sensitive and ... so i took your test and came out infj . i'm back to the drawing board . sooo confused ... with weeeaak fe , i'd say that can make us pretty judgmental , less empathetic . yes , paper writing really can be daunting ! especially if it is that thing you have to do . let's face it , school was designed by stjs . it's just a little suffocating for free spirits . i do enjoy ... i fight the p , strong j tendencies born of necessity i think . i would love to be more relaxed and p-ish ... lol , dat sanguine-choleric tho . : wink : so i self type , and for years i thnk , i'm an infj , of course i am . well boys and girls , sorry , i'm infp . ( esp . sorry estps ! ) : rolleyes : some friends of mine say when you don't understand the ... oh , and also i haven't been able to pinpoint many infj females in fiction ( popular fiction at least ) , which makes it harder to get a sense of our type across genders ( makes a big difference ) . who ... lostintranslationn , do you too ever get the feeling you would be best friends with these people if they actually existed ? as we are very rare ( in fact i don't know any other infjs irl ) i enjoy seeing my kind deal with life in film . i know all you other infjs ( and other types , still don't quite understand that ) will ... also , as a secondary question for the audience , do any infj's need to feel emotional connection to their closest friends / so , or are you ok with being the only warm body ? thanks for your input , i think you can't fully relate because of your t . all my friends are thinkers and they pretty much draw a blank when i say things like swept of your feet , you know what i ... it actually did also mean what , or who . it wants to know , we are interested in both , my precious ! lol ; o do you like thinker ( intelligent , sharp sometimes even dark ) humor , or would you say you prefer a more light off-beat sort of wit ? infjs : do you remember moments in your life of surreal , wild social happiness ? those people that made you say to yourself , i hope this feeling lasts forever . what people / person made that happen ... beautiful , exactly like pizza ! well , i can't disagree with that . good for you , keep being a beacon . :) are you saying you don't have your own emotions ? it's like your just some sort a quantum equalizer for all the other energy in the room you happen to be , is that what your saying ? huh . oooo-k then ... it is a beautiful sentiment , if somewhat cheapened by the vulgarity . you musn't be afraid to dream a little bigger darling . ;) you are correct , empathy is by definition an emotional response . however , since this is considered the trait of a psychologically healthy person , i wondered if individuals with diminished emotional ... ... perhaps the most destructive quality of a narcissist is his / her lack of empathy . read more : signs of a narcissist | ehow how would you define empathy ? must it always be emotionally felt , ... my interest is both in humanity on the whole and ( ironically , lol ) the individuals that comprise our race . you can be interested in humans out of a sheer sense of scientific curiosity , fine , but i ... bingo and bravo . there is evidence to suggest that this disorder is rapidly growing in at least the american culture . this definition of narcissistic personality disorder from mayoclinic.com may help ... narcissistic personality disorder is a mental disorder in which people have an inflated sense of their own ... thank you , please feel free to set up a new poll correctly , i appreciate your input . i hear you girl . thanks for your balanced , mature and well-reasoned response . ;D and this is what i'm talking about . i wasn't criticizing his type . just as feelers can viciously express their offended fi in untempered ways , i know thinkers that have told me that they are sometimes prone to not modulate their ... or , or it could just be a thinker who does not value nor respect their fellow conversationalist's emotional makeup . conversational violence is the manifestation of fear . this manifestation of fear is often rooted in ignorance of a topic , perception of coming harm or loss , rather than a legitimized belief . people ... that was good . i laughed . girls giggle . http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/2641935/david-tennant-laughing-o.gif gifsoup yup , he's a perceiver . star wars was also about restoring a republic , a looser , honor-based system of representative and self-government . that's gotta ' make perceivers happy . of course , trusting a benevolent ... yes , the star trek government is an authoritarian model , but it is a confederation / democracy , not an empire . some would say no , so maybe , maybe not . but what the heck , they're seemed to be a correlation to me so i figured , let's run it up the flag pole and see if anyone salutes it . so far , my theory is ... yeah ! same here guy , welcome to the big internet shrink couch ! thanks for participating in my extravert envy thread too ! i feel the same way about who . matt smith's doctor derailed the whole thing . david tennant was the best thing since tom baker ... i don't want to go ! ! :'( ah , firefly , libertarian tv gold . and , in the us , correct , most people are not intuatives , which might make them idiots . j / k j / k ( no offense sensors , that's a little n humor there ) : tongue : please , this is how i live ! thank you linnifae ! gah , i love these enfps more and more each day ! i don't even have to imagine this one . i have several close istj's in my life and that's super trying . he must have extrasensorthoughtjudged you too death ! ! cold as ice too , right ? i mean ... i saw the trailer for this and was like , you , where have you been all my life ! i knew a guy like you who was an academic reject , but he was so smart he made a fortune and never held a job he wasn't offered on a silver platter . enviable . oh , duh ! sorry , i just saw your signature ! ;P i see you're new to ! hello ! :) what's your mbti ? this is true , i or e is a polar scale , and i know what your talking about . i guess i've been burned a couple times which should be embarrassingly , redonkulously obvious at this point . out of ... cool ! it seems nz is the place to be for nfs ! i can't wait to visit ! i am going next year ( god willing ) . curious , why didn't you like thailand ? i find your commentary on other east asian ... i posted argentina in a new , more inclusive poll / thread called infj relocation . please vote there ! gingerlefty 77273 lol , thanks for your input ! '