' don't know any violent istjs . they can have a temper , which is beautiful to behold once they've been pushed too far . i remember my istj friend standing up in church and going off about people not ... it's one of the best things about being in a relationship with another introvert . what do you want to do tonight ? um , make hot wings and watch netflix ? sounds great ! i will sometimes start things with sjs just to gather more information . i like to argue in an impartial way ... i may just as easily be convinced of the other side if i find enough persuasive logical ... my istj husband and i have been on a journey for almost a year now with our start up business . i'm wondering if there are any other self employed istjs out there , or do you have plans for eventually ... no , i would say that the one istj female i do know , i admire her very much . she is very earthy , grounded , patient with her children , and very good at the few things she has chosen to learn as ... i can't really comment on the istj women as i know only one , but all the istj men i know have a very strong masculine aura or mystique about them . i'm just pulled into their forcefield and held in ... sex camel ! ! i love that phrase ! sex , yes , really into it . i wonder what it'd be like if i ever found a guy who was as into it as i am ? i love the experience of being fully in my body and shutting my mind down , letting my sensing ... i wonder how many istjs are apolitical . the ones i know don't seem that interested in it and i doubt they've ever even voted . totally right there , too . he recently admitted to me that he was feeling pretty worried and stressed out about things , but since i'm over the top freaking out about it , he decided not to throw more ... electrical contracting . i think you're right about actually starting out and doing it , but it would be hard to commit part way on this , since the location we're planning on is over seven hours ... i don't think so , he's had six months to think things out . possibly the entire situation is so stressful to him that he cannot even think it through . quitting your job to start your own business is ... my istj husband recently tested as estj . i know for sure he's an introvert , but he does project confidence to others and doesn't mind things that would bother normal introverts such as talking on ... i was the oldest girl of eight , and i totally can relate to what you're saying . nothing sets me off like other people being inconsiderate , selfish , or drawing attention to themselves . there was ... the first time i took this test was when my husband and i were in pre-marital counseling . he came out as physical touch and i was words of affirmation . we retook the test a few years into our ... i'm also an intp female married to an istj . it was five or six months before i could even get him to kiss me , and i was the one doing the pursuing . if i'd left it up to him , we'd still be dating ... oh , btw worrying about waffle holes probably does not qualify you for having ocd . i used to be a counselor working with the mentally ill , and i'm fairly sure that kind of obsessional behavior does ... i shudder thinking of what kind of powdered trans fat they put in that mix instead of butter . but yes , there has to be fat of some kind in there , the fat crisps the outside edge so nicely . when i ... come on , you guys , do you not realize that there is an entire stick of butter already in the waffle recipe ? why must you spread butter over every square inch , its like piling more butter on a butter ... i have found with my istj husband that the way he was at the beginning of our relationship has pretty much stayed the same throughout our marriage ( we've now been together eight years ) . its the old ... i'm in the start up phase getting my business going . i'm creating the design and plan , my husband will implement it . i cannot ever go back to a corporate desk job , blech . i do dread having to ... all right that's one of my big irritations . i want no one in my space when i'm cooking . i need to have the freedom to move around very quickly and get what i want . also , while i was thinking ... oh , snap ! did that come back to bite me in the butt . there must be some sort of divine justice / karma thing going on . i was chuckling to myself last week over purposely putting the t . p . roll on ... it's so interesting to me that you find it emotionally draining to recount your thoughts . this is a very insightful point , and actually helps me figure things out a lot . recently i have started to ... oh my , i could totally see osha inspector as the perfect istj job . also note that most workers ( not the bosses ) really appreciate and need good osha people . do you have things that set you off ? the mere mention of which in conversation makes you instantly enraged ? or , small actions that others do which send you over the deep end every time ? my ... i'm not sure as a t i have a high amount of interest in talking about my feelings . i tend to want to actually find out what his literal thoughts are because i'm interested in what makes him tick . ... i need my wife ... she solves all the mathematical problems for me . ~ albert einstein and we all know his type . this would be my impression . they see trees ( forest / trees ... n / s ) really well , and perhaps have the ability to plan for specific events , but i have never observed my istj have any real ... i could've written most of this . we went through a period a few years back where we realized we were existing in different worlds , and speaking different languages . and i'm not talking about ... i wonder where most intps would stand when it comes to looking at estps in a slightly different way . i think it has perhaps been established we don't view them as long term relationship material , ... i'm sorry you're having to go through this . i would be utterly lost without my istj , my obsession with him borders on the unhealthy . i realize at times my attraction to people has to do with my ... i certainly prefer t men who are more in control of their emotions . however , my istj husband makes me look like an f , he's so emotionless . in my experience , men who express more emotions also ... this whole situation is raising red flags for me . i am also an intp married to an istj , and i can say i have experienced nothing like this in my relationship . i was in an abusive relationship prior ... i like istjs because they're fascinating on a whole different level . i told my istj husband recently , you live almost entirely in your body and i live almost entirely in my head . i just love ... i think in any long term relationship the issue of jealousy will eventually come up . a few years back i had a dream of my husband and another woman that was so real that after i awoke i was still ... one of the reasons i am with my istj husband is that he exhibits almost no jealousy . this was a really important trait to me as my previous partner was highly controlling and abusive . he trusts ... remember , you're dealing wtih an istj here . whatever you're reading into the situation may quite possibly be wrong . i had to strongly pursue my husband for about six months before he agreed to date ... ohh , yes , i love it . the sweaty exertions of manual labor seem to somehow balance out the hours i spend in my head thinking through ideas . i actually prefer if it's a mindless task , so then i can ... it depends on the level of honesty i guess . in other words , are the two people really having a genuine interaction with eachother , or is it a display behavior ? the other day at the park i saw an ... i'm also married to an istj , except i'm female . yes , the explosive anger thing . i also see that as an n / s difference . i have literally no idea what he's going to be mad about until after the fact , ... i agree with this . but then , i feel comfortable with shaking off most of the belief system i was raised with in pursuit of my truth . sexuality isn't the only place i have tended to do this . i ... i love you guys ... you all make the world a better place ... through all your acts of kindness frequently directed at complete strangers . what you're doing does not go unnoticed . i have to agree with those who said libraries and bookstores . i'm more of a nature loving outdoorsy type intp . you could find me flying around secluded bike trails , or walking just about any ... i caught the firefly reference also . we should have a ff party . i'm and intp female ( happily , most of the time ! ) married to an istj . as others have said , you will have to make the first move , and do most of the work in this relationship . that has been my ... i am married to an istj , and i have to say i've spent quite a bit of time trying to figure him out . i think istjs develop relationships in the following way : 1 . ) the other person recognizes the ... '