' <--- this is also extremely true for me . its not that my schedule is disorganized ... its that sometimes ( ok , most of the time ) , i over-schedule myself , which means i can be easily derailed by traffic ... lol , that sounds very infj-ish . please excuse our spatial-unawareness . that's why i rely so greatly on google maps , and my phone gps . never fails me , lol . listen . you need to be 100 % direct with him . you need to bring it up , face to face , or explicitly in an email . either way , you need to be perfectly honest with how you feel . this is to put an end ... btw , you sound just like my intj friend when you say ' we do breathe responsibility like oxygen and are weighed down by an inability to let go ' ... wow , that's him to a ' t ' ... and these are things that ... yeah , i think by nature , we're utterly self critical and we dissect everything to the nth degree . it doesn't help with self esteem . and when you have a small mistake , it feels like a colossal ... yeah , i think by nature , we're utterly self critical and we dissect everything to the nth degree . it doesn't help with self esteem . and when you have a small mistake , it feels like a colossal ... omg same here . i was villainized in my teens by my parents as a bad egg , a bad girl , just because i had several moments of transgression and rebellion , and a questioning and critical voice , on an ... hi enigma - you're the second infj i've seen on here say that they are a real estate agent . i think the idea of working by one's self , for one's self is seriously appealing and its something i kind ... [ / quote ] after that , with my stellar sales record from gnc , i went to work selling insurance for state farm . i was terrible ; a huge disappointment to the agent i worked for and he told me on more ... hey , don draper , what is this app all about ? ? ? :) are you using an entp , intp or istj as your app programmer ? ? girl that is awesome that you found an entp cuz they are needles in a haystack being like 2 percent or so of the population . i have lived with one for almost 4 years now :) so i know they need a lot ... that's cool :) i worked for a non-profit once , purely based on my idealisms , but it turned out to be a ridiculous place to work , and the people were bigoted and abusive to everyone there ( i . e . nut ... meredith - this part of your post below makes me laugh - i am so there with not tolerating egos at work . i had to ice out some senior admin lady who thought she could order others around ... to both and meredith - i totally identify with your posts . from starting out in meager retail jobs in highschool ( first in a mall art gallery that sold prints , to a ... these types sometimes need a lot of time to mature and ' ripen ' until they're relationship-ready . i met my entp ( third and final ) when he was 31 , and i was 30 , and he still acts like a kid . ( entps ... ahahahahha ! that's so funny and true . my entp boyfriend reacts exactly the same if i come home with some rant about work or people at work . his response is usually : i don't know these people so ... infj here weighing in on polyamory . i am in a nearly 3 - year common-law relationship with an entp . in the first two years , we did some ' crazy ' stuff like go to a ' massage parlour ' where basically ... yesterday , i was at the mall to adjust the strap of a gifted watch , and as i was at the service counter , behold , what ? nay ... yes , it must be ... a teenage ( fellow ) infj female was waiting to get her ... hi , i think i was probably with this enfp through a very transitional , not so perfect phase , and he has apparently since somewhat straightened up his act . he was about 30 when i met him . ... hiii , i just wanted to post here after a looong absence - i found the best entp in the world , he's the greatest . we met on an online dating site ( plentyoffish ) . it kind of happened randomly , he ... haha ! totally . leave room for flexibility , and learn to accomodate their unstructured views of time . one of my best friends , who is a guy , is an intj , while i'm infj . he pokes fun at my attempt to ' define ' him as a set of four letters , but he's a total intj through and through , the scientist type . ... i was an art major through high school and university , and i used to tutor kids for english , then went to teachers college , got my b.ed . and then realized , i wasn't an authority figure for mass ... i just learned that the author of this page is entp , lol . you can always count on entps for inventively twisted humor . : crazy : ok , i had to post this here after stumbling across it online . it was the ' evil overlord ' descriptor for entj that did it - that's my boss to a ' t ' . she is a demon banshee who scatters ... i was thinking about this thread yesterday after i went to a bridal show with my sis . already feeling a bit awkward about being there sans engagement ring , i felt more conspicuously out of place ... wow , cool , thanks guys : happy : those are some really revealing replies . it's funny how most nfs are truly the ' idealists ' even to the point of paralysis ( myself included ) . also interesting how the ... ok , now we are curious . : laughing : i am not sure about celiac disease's prevalence in na population , but i suspect it is largely undiagnosed in many people suffering from the symptoms of it , all of which are very varied , so nobody ... i would have to hazard a guess that the hunzas are an ancient tribe who are predisposed to the agrigarian lifestyle and eating habits of the ( likely ) a blood type that thrives on grains - i am sure ... allow me to clarify re : lack of gluten causes muscle deterioration and screws with brain chemistry - it is actually the opposite - the presence of gluten causes these symptoms in people with celiac ... i think that's the very thing lawyers must say to themselves in court when they are defending a criminal , that there could ' possibly be a grain of truth in this lie , therefore , it is not unwholly ... yup , i'm a shitty liar too , unless i make myself believe that the lie is a truth and must be ' true ' in order for chaos not to be unleashed . basically , i lie to avoid conflict or to prevent people or ... so jabe , what ixxx type do you suspect your b / f is ? curious ... hiya , i'm posting this because there were some previous ' [ type ] in the wild ' posts that were done earlier , and proved to be quite informative :) so , that being said , where would one find an ... i'm an omnivore . the book , eat right for your blood type is very informative - there are four major blood types - o , a , b , ab . o is the oldest blood line . i am type o ( most likely positive , negative ... hi , i was wondering if anybody wanted to put together a toronto-based meet-up group for toronto nfs ? any interest out there ? canvassing for your general interest ... m that's awesome to hear of infj and istp pairings , and ones that have lasted ! i made the error of fatally judging an istp that i had very good rapport with many years ago , and naively ended the ... cheers to that . i have a new motto , courtesy of my intj pal - - not caring . sometimes , it's healthier not to care . just whatevs . total bs . and then , you will see how less ' leeched ' you will ... omg , story of my life . i lost a very close friend to overstepping the ' helping ' boundaries , in infj fashion i guess , and like your post , my friend had personal emotional / psychological disorders . ... that's so true - i will continue to ' freak out ' or hypothesize until all the logistics and circumstances and choices / decisions have been worked out , then i can relax and accept some kind of comfort . ... yup , his specialty was charming new clients , and likewise on the personal level - but i found that he was very lax on the followthrough , if any . it even showed in his speech patterns , i hate to ... i guess , regardless of type , what really makes it or breaks it is not how attractive that person seems at first , but whether or not they have achieved a certain maturity level and possess ... thanks halla , it sounds like to me you have a healthy relationship with your ' shadow ' or other half . it's nice to hear . hey , i'm an infj and my first bf was an istp , and i fell for him hard , once , twice , three times ... and then after many starts and stops , i just had to end it . we were oppostites , yes , but we were ... haha , so i see you've already answered my quesiton in a previous post - your wife is an infj like me . and omg , i too have had the blue screen of death , lol ! it scared me the first couple of times ... haha , you sound like the firecracker estp i am dating now - i am infj , his total opposite . he is teaching me a lot though . but he now realizes i am a ' softie ' and that i can't ' go hard ' like him ... sounds like you two have a blast , the infj and entp - have you ever considered dating the entp friend ? i dated an entp once , but it fizzled because he had emotional issues and dependency ... i hate to say this , but most enfps seem really flaky , and yet fun and entertaining people who can get the party started , but kind of like floaters who have no direction . i was dating an enfp months ... sage advice from ninja - take control of yourself , your emotions and stop . stop being influenced by infj , your brother , anyone . they will all have their own ways of responding according to what they ... '