thank you ! i am now quite sure that i am not xnfj and am a si user . i am settling as isfj . hey , you gave me a great insight - to think of other people whom i find similar to me . they are definitely efjs ! yes i definitely see myself as ti user . i always explain myself in order to make sure ... thanks for your input gurpy . i don't really see myself as xsfj type or harcore fe user . the reason is because i am always very aware if i am not being used and if i am not giving too much . i strongly ... i never saw patriotism as a virtue . but humans , no mather how advanced , are just animals . animals that live in communities . every community defends animals who belong to the group . if some kind of ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... - please someone spend few minsss 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? i am only 17 :) i couldn't imagine my life without having a nice family in the future . i still don't know what career path i should choose . i wouldnt mind ... > < say hi to eating disorders . social innaceptance . that scares me . eding up alone , being unloved hated , not having family . once i learned writing id go to a shop and write down as much items prices as i could . i wanted to have a price list for my own shop or smth ... depending what intelligence - xntps usually have better theoretical knowledge , but xstjs have better practical knowledge , f types have social ... there are 7 ( if i remember well ) intelligences - ... idealistics , who dont care about facts . proves , research results ? who needs them . if we exclude that exess idealization of theirs , they'd become my ideal . oh well . i admire them anyways , they are ... facts ? who cares about facts . they don't prove anything . ohh , you tell me that all research on astrology proves only that it doesn't work ? my friend is gemini and i am libra . we get along with each ... when i sink to ' in love ' feeling and don't want to ever get out being unloved lol my mom is infp . dad - who knows .. neither . i think there is a bigger chance that people will read and type person if he makes information comfortable to read / look neatly - who would like to read 3 pages long information ... i ... yay a questionnaire 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? crazy owl 2 . name an accomplishment that you are proud of . once i succesfully ... it is not hard for me ... yah , i think it makes sense too . that description kind of fits , but i still like possibilities , trying out new things , learning new things - i don't avoid these . maybe that's because i am young too ... socionics explain it as aristocracy dischotomy . enfps are included here . since i can remember i had social anxiety ( even as young as 4 years old ) . i haven't even realised it myself ... now it is so much better , i don't feel anxious all the time , but that chronic ... i have not been diagnosed ( i have never been to psychologist through ) , but i am sure i have it . i can't edit that post anymore ... > . < anyways , what do you think ? : ) i thought this layout would make it more pleasant to read : unsure : . because i wrote f * ckkk ? : d thanks fi > fe , because i care about my inner harmony more than outside harmony . i can feel calm when everybody is stressed if i want to . ti < te . this one is tricky . i love different threories , can believe in ... really fe ? where ? ty :) young ones . hi . i am on mbti land forever and truelly want to know my type . i think i am an istj , would you agree ? here is my questionnaire ( promise , it is not too long ) - ... ( questions are bellow ) 0 . 17 , neutral . please keep on reading i really want to know my type :) thank you so much for help :) 1 . yes , i got soaked ! :) | flickr - photo sharing ! fastastic ( ' not ... 8122381224 muahahaha http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pru9csJHYSA i use these for meditation . theta waves are so good . i always had weight issues . one day i decided to seriously lose weight . i learned about calories and sat on 1000 calorie diet for like 3 months . went from 182 to 135 ( i am 5 ' 9 ) . it was so easy - i ... if you have feelings you are not psychopath . they dont have feelings - they feel nothing - they are never sad , never anxious , have 0 empathy althrough they can fake emotions very well . it is not that ... okay . i have read about types . intp / istp was the most accurate for me . everything + - fitted ... istj / isfj not . i am not paranoid about situations and life in general ( only about people ... i am being honest .. that i understand people well was noticed by other people not by me . understand through body language ? sometimes i get into another person boots and check situation from ... debaser - well there were 2 people saying i am infj and 3 saying that i am infp . infp side was less biased , they noticed fi ( pointed out that i care a lot about abused animals more than real people in ... introduction | theory diatype theory is psychophysiological personality typology based on structure and workings of human brain . because human brain and human facial forms ( shape of the skull ) ... thanks for the answers :) mbtiobsessed yah , i think i am more on t side . althrough i dont think my f is far from it .. ssaj if i have fe it is probably inferior or i am in niti loop ... , . i am no way ... is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... infj is the most non judgemental type . they are firstly perceivers ( ni ) , also they have ti plus fe . estjs project a lot ... when angry / stressed you should become very articular and talk clear ech probably i am not infj . they want people around them to be harmonious . i am not in that stuff . yes i am very anxious and moody . it used to be even worse in the past . hm i quess i am fulfitted ... hi :) you are definelly a se user . love sports , nature , picture description , repect people who firmly know what they want out of life . but you hate competition , so it is not first function , probably ... yah , maybe i am infp . but : - if someone purposely tries to offend me or make me down i dont get defensive . i get dissapointed because it shows that the person doesnt like me . when discussing ... same here > . < i cant believe i will finish school next year . no pleasee . i will write some details that may help : - i am scared of people finding me out and understanding me more than anything . i am a fcked up inside , i dont want others to know that . - i draw . here is ... any other thoughts ? * blush *