' so im an istp male - though my profile says estp .. whatever ... anyway , ive been in a relationship with an infp girl ( confirmed ! ! ! lol ) . so its been a year and a hallf , my second longest ... 5973459735 5973659737 : wink : i always have a blast , and constantly ' stir ' the party . like , um . keeping it upbeat , cause i get so talkative and it seems like everybody else is in slow motion :( and then i wake up trying to ... work smarter and not harder . take the n's job c : thus $ 60 every 10 min . still , the vague question is vague . like i was tryin to say you dont know what nig rig means ? or what , does that offend you ? like redneck-tech . , .. no ? lets just say its when you ducktape shit . good c : you intuitives are crazy ! oh yea ! intersting point - i don't think least feminine means most masculine :/ eh ? my vote is in esfj's and even more so on xsfp's like miersho says , whats mbti got to do with it ? but , for your sake ; females wear that type well , as they do as sfp's , which i seem to be magnetized to for some reason . so if your a female , an xsfp , ... yea , i didn't understand either . i want male power , but i want female love lol whats the question ? i know i know , im no istp but i think im istp enuff . so . i dnt like em . seem like everytime i get a gf she always says what would you think if i got tatoo ? depends i guess , im not gettin one so , ... http://gifs.gifbin.com/g600g641767.gif http://gifs.gifbin.com/16099g6561.gifISTP - while smiling http://gifs.gifbin.com/163563561.gifESFP + jager-bomb + halloween candy http://gifs.gifbin.com/169717951.gifENTJ - trying to get to the ... wow . how are these people getting banned ? ? and why don't estp's have amnesty ? ! ? masters of reality eh ? i like that ! ! deff find new friends ! dsn't mean you have to kill the old ones . just expand your circle . my closest homies are constantly gettin high and playin with magic cards , always ! as they play , they sit ... viva la piratebay.wtfe , - . .. rock n roll till your 80 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWMCR8Wadtw get it while it lasts not tryin to be a dick , aight . im just sayin man or , maybe your taste in music sucks and is limited . perhaps when you and your entj brother are continually drunk in the fl keys , fully convinced that you own the whole island dude your all over the place on this .. why dont you try not manipulating the results ( answer truthfully ) ? intj and estp's are completely different . - i mean , even if you do know what the questions ... well , i think that xsxp's are more commonly than not asxp's . why . i don't cnow . and , if i were a feeler , would it be more appropriate to have said well , i feel that xsxp's are more commonly than ... passive aggression well , for some reason i don't think intuitives like me :( i mean , in person . i think i put off the wrong vibe somehow . the thing is , ill make a random , sort of crude , ... but really , im usually good at getting things done last min . but as college progresses this last min . stuff , here lately , has lead to more stress that i've ever felt , .. aside from the stress induced ... planning .. i suck at it . also , i think it's a little wierd that i can't communicate with personality-cafe.com home slizzles without having posted 15 posts . so - chicken noodle soup for the teenage ... i feel like that last post was retarded lol i deff have had some of these sorts of issues . partially because all i want to do is be recognized , i really think i can be the best at everything sometimes . something about the sp nature is so ... they're just thoughtful estp's : cool : - a guaranteed formula for awesome drop the needle to the groove i get smooth , and im forced to fck it up , my style carries like a pick up truck . idk why is something on your mind dear ? this threaeaeadd is ha-hlarious ! for me , it's a trust problem . i just don't wanna get hurt . i've never cheated on a girl and i avoid all thoughts of such things . i figure if im loyal to her , she'd be loyal to me . not the case ... deffanitly takes time . learning from new experiences , im sure , . and not a swap sustainable for an extremely long period of time , isuppose ( just for sake of agreeing with the debbie downers here ) ... thats just how shit works mu fcka's .. ( applause ) the type changes are absolutely possible ! not even theoretic .. while your initial categorical type is hard wired , the preferences can change ( which is to say , they are just that .. preferences ) ! ... like the shit ! in a im soo happy to be awesome because god's blessed me tremendously sort of way :) to whom it may concern , my best freind is an infj and he's the bomb . he's the one that got me on ... well im just gonna say that when in a given moment , i am able to have fun while everyone else talks about having fun ( when really they just think talking is fun ) .. idk somethin like that . then ... wing 5 must know something i don't '