' structure is fine , but not too much . i like having clear objectives of the various things that need doing and then being left to my own devices to figure out how i should accomplish everything . set ... 01 . a tortoise . slow , steady , thoughtful , thick-skin and in it for the long haul . 02 . losing weight ( down 57 pounds and am no longer considered overweight or obese ) . 03 . i love reading , writing ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzAGZT_XTAk high school it is then . if i'm attending college but haven't graduated yet should i just vote for the degree i'm currently pursuing ? i don't think i've ever had a romantic dream , or if i have , i certainly don't remember it . : unsure : a teleportation device . for moving back in to college . i've always gotten good grades , but i've never felt particularly motivated to do well unless i was interested in the subject material . stop worrying about it . there is plenty of time before your date ( at least at time of op's post ) . unless something has changed between now and last night , or you need information from her that's ... i'll let loose if i'm with a small group of friends ( keyword : small , otherwise i get a bit overwhelmed even if i like everyone that i'm with ) or if i'm at a basketball game . since this is perc , and we all seem to love taking personality tests , you might try taking a career inventory test if you haven't already . maybe nothing will come of it , or maybe you'll get a ... http://personalitycafe.com/customavatars/avatar19813_8.gif couldn't resist . : wink : the illusionist i would go with the effective writing course . being a proficient writer will help you in every class you take and in any career you pursue . even if you already think that you're a good writer , there ... i've only had it for a few weeks , but it's super fun and easy to play . occasionally there is some awkward finger-work when playing really high or really low notes , but other than that it's pretty ... 1 . to go back to school . it's getting really boring at home . 2 . specialized television channels for each individual olympic sport , without commercials and terrible commentators . i'm not a musician , but i play an ocarina for fun . here's what it looks like , for those of you who don't know what i'm talking about : 43559 i am going to school for digital media ( video production & editing , radio production , web design ) and creative writing . honestly , i have no clue what i want to do when i graduate . editing video or ... lola rennt ( german ) - action film starring a young woman named lola who must find a way to get 100,000 deutschmarks in order to stop her boyfriend . the story itself is fairly short , but the film ... mine falls into the ' other ' category . i am majoring in digital media , which involves video and audio production as well as web design . i used to test consistently as infj , but that seems to have changed over the past 6 months or so . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwhbcdbkeXY i'm feeling fucking awesome , thanks for asking . http://i.imgur.com/vC5aK.png i've been working out pretty regularly this year . at first it was difficult to get myself up and over to the gym , but now that i'm in better shape ( lost ~ 25 lbs and went from barely being able to run ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwhbcdbkeXY this is the song i listen to when i'm sad or depressed and just want to absolutely hit rock bottom . not a clue ; i've never been in that situation . at first i'll probably be a bit tense , but as i talk to someone i like and grow more comfortable around her i'll loosen up and be a bit playful . i won't be able to help myself from having a big , ... next fall : media production multi-media & web design communication law & ethics poetry writing christians in nazi germany http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqkaGUKJNNg i've only gotten that angry once . i was a sophomore in high school getting bullied on the school bus on the way home . after the 20 minute ride i stood up to get off the bus and a kid tried to ... my father is a full 19 years younger than his oldest sister , who had a child the same year that he was born . the closest sibling to him in terms of age is about 9-10 years older than he is . as far as ... indiana , united states . today's lesson is that taking action makes things happen much faster than sitting around , over-analyzing and worrying . i consider myself a libertarian . a bit of courage would be great . or a chocolate donut . either one would be alright . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcyUBsQ8m0c edisun - ready to believe ( they accidentally misspelled the band's name in the video - . - ) i know for sure that he is an extrovert , but beyond that i'm not very good at typing people . honestly i'm not even sure why we ever became friends as we have very little in common . we just enjoy ... no , i don't drink and i've never been drunk . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VgLKXD-BoY one piece soul eater hunter x hunter - written by the same man who wrote yu yu hakasho d . gray-man cowboy bebop trigun rurouni kenshin fairy tail all of them are good , my favorites being ... 1 . when people touch my computer or television screen and get smudges on it . 2 . when people use those hands-free headsets for their cell phones . i can never tell when they're talking to me or ... http://i39.tinypic.com/ettkd4.png normally i am pretty patient , but it eventually wears me down until i become irritable . waiting in my dorm's laundry room is the worst . when it's busy , people ought to make sure that they are there ... nobody knows for sure what is the best fit for you individually , but if i were you i would look into english literature programs . if you were to pursue it , you would spend a lot of time reading ... unexpected puns . fiction - - 1984 by george orwell - the name of the wind and the wise man's fear by patrick rothfuss - the dresden files by jim butcher - talon of the silver hawk by raymond e . feist - chronicles of ... sounds like a crock of shit . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Jr4xIc-Zs discovered alex clare recently and i love his voice . if you have 40 minutes of free time , this lecture video might be of interest . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ginQNMiRu2w no , i've never been told that i'm scary or intimidating , but i'm not convinced that it means much . if i were intimidated by someone , the last thing i would do is go up to them and say , hey , you ... '