' hey man . i know this is an old thread , but having been there i know how people need support , whether they want to admit or not . anyways , i didn't get diagnosed , but i was close . about two years ago ... i meant that in the least offensive way possible by the way , i come off a bit dry at times lol . thanks for clearing that up though . i was just trying to get a better insight on the situation ... she sounds unstable dude , i don't think that has much to do with being an enfj as it does with being narcissistic as painfully optimistic and overconfident that i am .. i feel very sad deep down inside . not about myself , but people and the world . i feel like it's kind of on me to inspire and motivate people due ... factor i : extraversion ( aka surgency ) this trait reflects preference for , and behavior in , social situations . people high in extraversion are energetic and seek out the company of others . low ... i do it a lot . friendships and relationships apart .. if it's time to door slam someone they have seriously misused my trust or loyalty . in which case the only reason i would keep them around is for ... do any other enfp's experience this ? i always question whether i'm enfp / enfj .. i know theyre not similiar but im 100 % nf and e so it's hard for me to decide . is this more of an enfj trait ? ... apparently the way i talk to any girl is flirting . lots of girls / guys alike can be off put by that infp's . love them . infj too firey fi which can be very hard to control . i act very dramatic sometimes and let my emotions get the best of me . i've learned good control over it , but still it's hard to tame first an entj , then enfj then esfp finally realized i'm an enfp exactly , enfp has very powerful communication skills . it's very easy to like an enfp and i like most people on a surface level so if someone doesn't like me it doesn't phase me . i truly see it as a ... yeah it's possible but depending how strong your ne is , like mine is very out there for example since i'm very heavy on the extravert side , i subconsciously pick up these cues and know how to correct ... yes . i think enfps have a lot of potential for power i don't see why not . not to mention my friends told me i have a gift for communicating with people ( specifically women ;) ) so lots of dudes get ... i'm good at toying with emotions or scheming people ( which i don't do , bad karma ) but i'm not the best at persuading . i feel like that's more of a esxp thing estj sounds just like me . this has to more to do with ennegram i feel like . i can be bubbly , but i'm not . i am pretty hyper / social / exciteable but i also like to be serious and withdraw to think about ... i have two dark sides actually side 1 : sad depressed wanting to spread joy to others in hopes of sparking it back in myself might cry here and there . lonely want to keep moping to dwell yes , i question my identiy all the time . at times i feel like i'm an infp but i know i'm extroverte . i currently love an infp woman . i think she's the perfect match for me . everyone is different , i don't know any intj / infj / intp women so i can't help you out here . but being extremely outgoing and ... 7w8 so / sx , sup guys . i feel like i can relate to the people in this thread a lot more than other enfp threads i find ( prob since we're rarer than 7w6s , 4 , w3s etc ) like attracts like . if you keep acting like that , you're gonna attract others with similar mentalities with girls heads i do that whether i like someone or not . i'm a very flirty enfp and flirt with every cute girl i come across ( even if i have no intentions of doing anything with her ) . so maybe he's a flirt too . ... i find people with fe are easier to manipulate than others , letting all there emotions out . that's like handing a loaded gun to a criminal what exactly is se humor ? i work with a guy who i suspect of being an estp ( possibly entp but highly doubt it ) and i think he's the funniest person i work with . my fathers an istp and he can be ... dominant all the way around all 4 .. i appeal to different crowds . usually people call say i'm goofy or ridiculous , outrageous , or blunt . i can be serious i just chose not to , too boring . my jokes are usually sarcastic or ... i use to be cold but i hated myself when i was . now i'm warm not totally there but i always try to consider other peoples feelings . although my selfish urge still tries to over power it , it ... i use to , it's better now .. but i always lean on stuff and get a little too comfortable in public lol i touch everything .. objects , people etc .. i always like guide myself off tables or walls or objects as i walk .. any other enfps do this ? like just push off it as u walk by or run ur hand over it mom estj dad istp lucky me lol tell her to shut up ... jk , i ask her why yes , but i also think it would interesting to see what it was like to be other types , specifically enfj , entj and estp people tell me i'm crazy all the time there will be days where i feel angry or things irritate me but it's very rare that i get mad enough to rage , if that happens just run . last time i got that pissed my whole face turned red and i ... gift and a curse . the gift is i can read someone almost instantly by just looking at them , if not then definitely after a short conversation . i also pick up on a lot of peoples emotions ... whenever i like a girl i touch her a lot ( hips , arm , back , hair , anything that would make her think of sex ) . drop a lot of sexual innuendos , try to dive deep , etc . charm her . pay attention to his ... dunno my dads an istp and we don't really get along or click that well . we do think pretty similarly and have a lot of the same viewpoints . i think that's more genetics than mbti tho to be invisible . we can already read minds ;) no . i read somewhere psychos know they're different from regular people by like the age of 10 . yes but i constantly wonder what it's like to be another type , mostly enfj and estp always , smoking weed before bed helps i was what you can call friends with everyone almost . from the shallow jocks to kids others would consider weird . as long as you weren't a prick i didn't really care and accepted most people ... bruh my gm at work is an enfp , i work at a restaurant , maybe that's something you would enjoy yes , love it . my best friend since i was 3 is an entp , he always knew how to help me stay rationale , since us nfs have raging emotions and all . istp dad , enfj mom . enfp 100 % '