' are you claiming that entps and thus yourself , talk garbage on a regular basis ? 1 . pay attention 2 . pay attention 3 . pay attention . no . see , we learn from experience and besides the one i hang out with on a frequent basis , i haven't really encountered that many intps . i thought i had him figured out , turns out there's more ... cut my hair short and attended slamdunk festival with two good friends ( left & photographer ) and two people i hardly know in hatfield , london . 74127 74126 i hug my closest friends and my family . i'm not really comfortable with hugging people i just met as i like to keep my distance . however , there are some people you instantly click with and they ... i agree with mckashes . we're usually not afraid to go after what we want . however , if she's the one constantly taking the initiative and you always being busy , she might lose interest and forget ... 1 . i've always been able to read people instantly . i know what they're feeling but as i've never bothered to understand and accept their emotions ( rather dismissed it as irrational ) , i've never ... well , since i've never been romantically involved with one , i mean in terms of friendship . they're oddballs . funny , interesting and their aloofness can be quite charming but it's too much effort to ... just flew back home from london today actually . what i did today : 1 . ate some doritos 2 . bought a pepsi 3 . snacked while i read looking for alaska by john green 4 . listened to something ... the intps i know are total goofs . don't really consider them relationship material . i used to love to read . basically lived at the library during my teen years and as i always had troubles falling asleep , i'd read into the early hours , becoming ' one with the book ' as pericles said ... you and the whole rest of the world . if i had a dollar for every time someone said i haven't slept in x hours / days with a stupid smirk on their face , i think you could figure out how rich i'd be . well it's only a nightmare if you fear the fear . i don't mind being afraid in my dreams , just shows me i've got something to work on . i always have lucid dreams . i don't think i've ever had a ... you've already said it . show them . get the dog and make it an experiment . could turn out that you're wrong as well . take my mind off it , let me vent or simply give me space and i'll come around . are you simply humoring people or do you actually believe the things you just wrote ? to me it means respecting the other persons boundaries . it means talking to them in an adequate manner , keeping my promises and making sure i don't speak / do anything they wouldn't want me to behind ... i don't think i've ever had a nightmare in my life . i've had dreams where i've been chased and shot for example but since i'm usually aware that i'm dreaming , i just view it as an opportunity to grow ... i love dreaming , especially lucid dreaming . it's one of my favorite activities , thus i think of sleeping as highly enjoyable and probably sleep way more than i should . i don't need a lot of sleep ... eugh , i hate intuition . well no , i hate having to trust something without real evidence or logic backing it up . annoying . at the same time i am trying to develop my inferior functions to be more well ... just started working in a fairtrade shop and like brian 1 said , no point in talking about yourself unless it's to convince the customer of the value of the product . the shop is really tiny and i just ... if you constantly question why people even have emotions ( seriously ? why can't people just bounce back and chill ? ) and why you're expected to consider them , you're an estp . if you like tending to ... so what's the point ? agius 32 thanks man . the descriptions are more spot-on than the majority of those in the article section . definitely at the point where i try to reap the benefits from these stress factors such as ... as others have said . not on the internet . we're on an adventure , obviously . 1 . currently considering psychology but i'm not that sure . 2 . no clue . 3 . open , in what aspect ? there's different ways to give a person an insight to your life . analyzing , linear , logical thinking . choice , lucky for you , i did . character strength # 1 bravery you are a courageous person who does not shrink from threat , challenge , difficulty , or pain . you speak up for what is right even if ... agius 32 , i wouldn't say i ( can't speak for the rest of estp land ) need any of those tips . i am respected by others and i don't need to fake silly gestures or carry myself super swag like a ... i don't like cheese by itself . however if it's on a sandwich or feta cheese in a salad etc , that's delicious . interesting . i think of myself and other estps as strong enough not to let it get to them when other people come and spew their shit . i basically just roll my eyes and think wow , that's original . i ... loyalty and respect . there's not much i wouldn't do for those i consider my best friends and well , in order for me to consider you my best friend in the first place , you'd have to be willing to go to ... i get uncomfortable when i spend too much time in my own head . it's not just the fact that i as an extrovert am externally focused . i want to be the majority of time time ( unless introspection is ... socionics and mbti are two different things . they don't always correlate . turning 20 in two days and i'd say this the best and worst years at the same time . i mean , you've suddenly got all this responsibility to shoulder while you still feel like a lost kid and you've ... agius 32 , you sure do seem to care a lot to be estp . don't think i've noticed anyone else get beat up by the outdated stereotypes and negative comments about our type . personally , i find them ... we're out of booze ... and stereotypical descriptions of ourselves , so we come here hoping people like you will provide us with some more . we're not as vague vs certain enfjs . well what you can conclude from the lack of answers is that estps don't like vague questions / suggestions , such as tell me about yourself . you'd be better off constructing a set of questions that ... when you look into the sun , yeah , that color's called yellow . it's turned into you know you're yourself ( and just like everyone else ) when you do x or here , look at the ' quirky ' things i do that make me special thread . nope . i don't apologize to people , i constantly intend to offend them , i won't listen to a word you have to say , i don't care about anyone or anything besides myself , you can't depend on me for ... counted 15 and only saw the gorilla towards the end . this is actually an accurate representation of my attention on a daily basis . people tend to think se doms see and register everything when in ... no , i'm accusing them of being random and going off on tangents not related to the subject at hand . i wouldn't say intps are illogical , i'd say their way of constructing sentences are . he sound too aloof to be an estp . i'd say we're one of the most grounded types . i personally don't have time for people being random and going off on tangents unrelated to the subject at hand ... i agree with the shock factor . you can always count on the absurd to bring a reaction . i meant ne and se as she seems confident that he's an etp . i only read the first page and i'd advise you to learn more about the two functions rather than trying to make correct judgments by referring to outdated stereotypes . he never reads , i mean , come ... most definitely . i think a lot of unwanted , negative emotions stem from over thinking and as a here and now person , i don't indulge in such activity . yes , always have been , probably always ... i kinda agree with liz on this one . i might wanna shut off from people or the outside world for a day or maximum two . then my boredom increases to lethal levels and i must seek some real ... '