' why is it that in pictures of us , you look like you want to go pet a bunch of baby kittens , and i look like katniss from the hunger games ready to attack ? - my infj sister ^ _ ^ my intj ... 15 . get a cute dog or cat . because can you really sit around this all day and still be sad ? 81906 sort-of . that is what happened with my husband and me . but i do not believe in the one , as in i do not think it is pre-destined or that people are made solely for their future spouse ( i find ... i have a very high n preference , i do not like that it gets lonely sometimes . some of you might relate to having that intuitive connection with others who think similarly to you - i do not find it ... jon snow is my favorite character ^ _ ^ does anyone else think he might be an infp ? ( in the tv series , that is ... i have yet to read the books but they are on my list ! ) i like makeup . especially glittery makeup . false eyelashes are scary though . does anyone ever fully overcome body insecurities ? i would say no , especially given this extremely image-obsessed , ... hmmm i will have to find this test ! is it online ? yep , being able to read the other person well and feeling like i got zapped with an electric current a couple of times ... that is about it . no ... very frequently , and from just about everyone / everything unless i am really tired on a given day . they tend to have two main qualities / spectrums : positive / negative , and familiar / unfamiliar to me . the parts i bolded especially resonate here ! and the fi / fe descriptions you wrote above seem to correlate at least somewhat with why my sister is usually perceived as rather alpha female in ... lol ! ! ! love it ! ! her character , penny , seems like an esfp to me . i have no idea what she is in real life . most actors that i have seen though seem to not have a very large range , as far as types they can portray - ... in your experience , have ni dominant types ( especially infjs ) shown a similar sensitivity to infps ? i am curious if what you have seen matches up with how my infj sister and i are alike and how we ... love your screen name , are you a battlestar galactica fan , too ? ^ _ ^ i relate to enjoying the relative anonymity with strangers . they have no preconceived ideas about me , and it is easy to start ... i knew there was a reason that i thought , i really don't like people like this , when i was reading the type 8 description once ... people i know in person have often compared me to 2 fictional infps , especially while i was a teen : anne of green gables , and luna lovegood . i think both of them were obviously infps as kids / teens , ... often i am more comfortable talking with strangers than with acquaintances . i do not know why . i like to joke around with people too , it is fun to make them laugh . talking with strangers a lot is ... how do you know you are higher on sx than sp ? i test as about equal on both . yes , the dreams are helpful , especially after i learned to trust them . sometimes though they are just silly dreams and ... i have read blink a few years ago , and i liked it ^ _ ^ interestingly i have had dreams in the past about people being attracted to me , which my head thought , that is ridiculous ! there is no way this ... you know what they say ... you never know what you want ' til someone else has it ! :-P haha . that is interesting . ^ _ ^ i have never seen anything like this before either , at first i thought i was making it all up ! as for your question , lol ! ! ! he is a friend of my family so i have to see ... my sister is infj , and she married an intj guy . she is a redhead just like me and you . so i will say , find yourself an intj ( hey that rhymed ) . by the time you meet one that shares the right values ... did either of them seem to be extremely affected if you were in close proximity ? as in , reacting more strongly than one would typically expect ? my best friend in high school told me that i reminded her of anne of green gables . makes sense because i am also an infp redhead ^ _ ^ as a teen , i used to have an obsession with glittery eye makeup . i now settle for light gold shimmery eyeshadow and dark brown eyeliner . i also like sparkly jewelry and have quite a collection . ... hmmm well i am a 4w5 and i have never lacked for guys interested in me that way . i also got married quite young , and since i dated so i could ultimately get married , i suppose i would say that is ... my brother-in-law is intj . i remember when she first got together with him , it took a few metaphorical hits over the head to get things moving . i see no harm in sending him a text . plus , they can ... the abstract-topic discussion thing you are talking about relates to being n , not i . although i think that being both introverted and intuitive together makes it much more confusing to people who do ... ha ha , now i have call me maybe in my head ! my sister and i would go up to random guys at the mall and tell them things like this , when we were in high school . it was a good way to get over my ... i am infp and was very shy as a child and teenager . my infj sister was never shy at all , so she did a lot of the talking for me ! ^ _ ^ the inxx drops things around me sometimes too . and the energy thing does not happen every single time i am around him , and not to the same extent , but right after the time it was the strongest , he ... yes , the mystery may add to it also . it is strange , the guy in question i know well in some ways but in other ways not at all . i would say we connect very well intellectually and emotionally also ... yep . it does exactly . it is certainly a this-can-never-happen situation , and one neither of us will ever act on . very interesting ... that would definitely explain a lot of it . i am amazed , i think ... sorry to resurrect this thread from forever ago ... but i have had this exact thing happen too , and recently ! ! what type were the men ? and what kinds of circumstances did you notice this in ? i ... i like this , thank you for sharing ^ _ ^ you are a very talented writer . well , there are different kinds of dynamics with these . sometimes there is one-sided attraction that obviously goes nowhere , other times there is mutual attraction but the people cannot act on it for ... i am sad for people who see themselves that way , we infps have so many good qualities after all . today i met a gray and white cat named liam who put his paws around my neck and licked my face . ... one of my intj friends has predicted some really bizarre things , similar to the original post . it is pretty crazy to see . what i wonder most is , what was / is life like for infps without the mbti . do they think they are mutants ? aliens ? betazoids ? ^ _ ^ i am tall too , and i think it is fun being tall ! i usually would get silly comments from other girls while i was a teenager . it seemed that the boys were either afraid of me ( i do not know why , i ... staring off into space . stopping to pet every dog i see , when i am outside . one of my best friends is intj . she is actually the one who got me into this mbti thing . and , she is weirder than i am ! have you ever asked a man out ? yes , several times , most of which were in undergrad . if so , did he accept and did the relationship last ? all but one accepted . the relationships did not last , but ... i have an identical twin sister . she is infj . yes , we switched places sometimes when we were kids . once or twice , we even fooled our parents . '