' i didn't even realize how impassive i looked when i spoke until after i viewed a video of myself speaking , and i was stunned by my own lack of emotional expression . because of ni / te , i just always ... how is that noted men and women from antiquity and from pre motion picture and the live video area can be typed with reasonable certainty , using only written contemporary evidence from their lives , ... a7x ... ? ? ? i am way out of the loop now . i'm 40 . when i saw bad religion live , those guys still had hair , and weren't addicted to the white lady . punk and heroin ... why ? i'll check out that ... like the kind of country tone of your guitar in your leads . i love the hard punk rock and harmonies started by bad religion ... i actually like the offsring vocal arrangements better . so are you ... got to give it to you velasquez ... that was a monster post . good job dude . [ quote [ any of his lectures in politics or philosophy show his true opinion , his work on news shows or debates is just him being a sensationalist . [ / quote ] i agree with you that he was over the top during ... hitchens refusal to be bullied , or to be told how he should think or feel and his stubborn determination to remain a contrarian and independent free thinker ... that's fe ? i know this is an older post , but it struck me very much . function interpretation and all the hairsplitting ... looking at small things and not the whole . the big picture ... the core , his ... not on this page . trust me on this ... you will be challenged on this point . i think you may be boxing him in a little too narrowly . all types have some social rules they follow to fit in . the slightest evidence of any social conformity should not certify the supposition ... poindexter ! ! ! i just listened to smash yesterday ! 1994 , seems like yesterday . the offspring , now those boys drink coffee . soothes the savage beast . oh shit , now i get you bro ! p or j as an nf , god help us all . [ quote = terminaldancer ; 3908248 ] hmm ... wouldn't it depend on if it's a p or a j to determine the dominant function ? [ / quote i'll let my comment stand . it doesn't need a functional analysis . i like ... thermos of coffee , every day to work . i like rich flavored creamer , and 2 splenda's sir . anything but starbucks , i think it is very overrated . if i don't have coffee within 1 hour of being conscious i become an nf i do ... hey boys ... attractive female on board ! way to be evenhanded and impartial . i said intj as well , and before i knew it ... everyone on the grassy knoll started taking head shots . how come you aren't dodging bullets ? i can quote from hitch 22 ... page 273 ... i found myself suddenly lost in barcelona , and i had no idea how to get back to my hotel . i found an aged seamstress , still carrying the scars of ... the taliban standing orders also included the directive to execute all suspected estp's without trial ( guys with courage ) , and to have pows found pissing their pants , to bury the executed once all ... i really admire hitch's courage on this water boarding point . i wish i had the same steely will as an estp . the same steely will to wear one cream sports coat , in every interview and in every ... the fact that hitchens does submit to water boarding is an excellent example of why he his not entj or intj . both of these types are inherent cowards , and as an intj who served in iraq , i can well ... i can only speak to my original opinion , that you deconstructed . you deconstructed it , so therefore i defer to those very arguments that convinced me . it's hard to go into details , maybe someone ... i did think he was intj . i now think he's estp . at one time i believed these posts were opportunities to express opinions . the actual point here is to defend positions that come under attack from ... i digress sir , i meant estp ... happy ? ? ? ? forgot the question mark . i have not read peter . i can only speak for a few debates between the two i saw online . there was obviously tension between the two . hitch 22 speaks more to this tension than the debates possible ... read it up bro , excellent stuff . i will admit , his politics , were not always , my politics , but i love his prose . it talks of his childhood and his estrangement , and prolonged estrangement from his ... i digress sir , his autobiography , and his thomas paine biography respectively , thanks . no doubt you've read them . i hear a lot of opinions on him being extroverted , his radical and extroverted political affiliations , his lifetime spent on the speaking tour circuit . my impression from his novel was that he was ... i know , i hear you mf2014 . i like to be petulant on purpose , so i am forced to apologize . i like to think it's integrity , but just i'm trying to p90x my buried fe . you could have picked a better ... please indulge me . i am very new to mbti and this kind of functions banter . he's using fe here ni there , that kind of thing . my apology to you . break it down for me . i was offended ... that's fi , ... it's my 2nd day on the site ... trying to hold my ground . lol i would like to apologize sir . this new post of yours makes me reassess your original statement in a different context . i can see now that you were being objective , not patronizing . i took it the ... since you've already determined that i am an istj with your thinly disguised inference that the most self identified intj's are actually istj , let me also thank you for providing the appropriate ... since i'm too stupid to have an opinion , let me apologize in advance for not consulting you before replying to your message . by the way i have to go to work at 8am . am i allowed to go to sleep , ... i agree ... no offense to other posts , but enfp or estp ? intj , i think it's quite obvious ... this isn't a guy pretending to be detached emotionally . i don't see dom ne at all ... just me . ... hitch 22 ... i read it and i believe he is intj . this video only confirms that to me . no fe , no se ... intj . '