' when i first joined , i got the 1w9 result now i get 5w6 sooo yeah . i'm currently brushin up my spanish ( learning more verbs ) and i'm also tryin my hand at swedish ) . i only know english fluently but can understand spanish pretty well . outcast , penny dreadful ( shit ending ! ! ! ) , american dad , oitnb i use a different one for a good chunk of the sites yes , just in case . they did say something , did you read the notice ? it's not that big of a deal but whatever * shrugs * how much personal info do you have on this site ? it's nothin to really worry about unless you use the password for everything . woosh penny dreadful , i should slap myself for not watching it sooner . insidious 3 , it was boring and predictable my favorite genre is fiction but i've been enjoying books on nihilism for a couple of years now as well . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMU5C-fEXA8 english is my first language , i was pretty ok with spanish but i haven't been in practicin for a bit . i want to learn japanese http://cdn.someecards.com/someecards/usercards/MjAxMi03ZjgxNDhkYTQwMDQ2ZTdh.png so it's like the european version of american idol ? i hated american idol , no i didn't watch it . i just wanted to see if the title was some sort of a play on words . nah , i'll go back to being the ice queen this is too much work the last time i was on a plane i was around 8 or 9 years of age , i'm in my 20s now . i don't really like to fly , i don't like heights . no , i honestly don't care if people buy the product or don't . question i have to ask at the pharmacy i work at : you want a shot to prevent some illness ? no ? ok bye if i tried i may be able ... in trying to be more personable , people think i want to hear about their life and i start to think was bein an ice bi * * h really that bad ? my god make it stop ... make it stop . > _ < ... https://themanicmilitarywife.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/give-a-shit.jpg degree - b . s in it ( still workin on it ) ms - health it ( debating if i'm goin to jump right into it after i get my b . s ) i'm thinking of dbl majoring or just goin back for a b . s in biology as ... no , maybe if i thought about what type the person i liked was but i don't . the scene where mufasa dies ( above me ) the scene where the lady has to let todd go and he doesn't understand ( fox and the hound ) the scene in dumbo when he goes to visit his mom and she starts ... rugrats ( it's on hulu ) childhood nostalgia initiated istj and non-denom christian , i'm not religious though . i love god , so i guess i'm more spiritual ? i haven't watched the anime and stopped reading the anime but i think kaneki is infp but where i stopped at he was a very unhealthy infp so it was hard to pin him down but i think infp suits him . ... there is a terrible emptiness in me , an indifference that hurts . x97 albert camus gay guys aren't cookie cutter one size fits all stereotypes , so just because one doesn't look gay doesn't mean he isn't . i have to agree with this , it's been 2 years i doubt he will ever ... mother up bob's burgers outsiders assassination classroom the grass always seems greener on the other side . however , if you truly think and feel this place would be a better fit for you then i say go and find out.the only thing you have to lose is time ... i 100 % agree , like the op said not all of slytherin was bad and everyone can have slytherin qualities . i would say slytherin or ravenclaw for me but i'm definitely more slytherin . i forgot ... x93for i do not feel mediocre enough to feel compassion for anyone . compassion is a sign of superficiality : broken destinies and unrelenting misery either make you scream or turn to stone . pity is not ... i personally didn't see it as the ' bad house in harry potter growing up besides , why would you want just 3 houses ? that's kinda unbalanced . i saw slytherin as the house where the potential to do bad ... i'll be sure to send the isfps to the psychologist on call tonight https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYOvdhyjXG4 you gotta do those things in the designated areas sir , this is not one of them i had no idea what it was till i went and quoted you . i also still haven't gotten my shots of fireball - _ - where is the barkeep ? ! i just want a few shots of fireball whiskey substances are fine with me , security knows that as well . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL1UzIK-flA&index=2&list=FLMhoElBF1BD9gY_6CMzz2RQ there is a vodka fountain in the main ballroom , drink as much as you want * does her rounds and checks security is still good * why did i volunteer on security detail ? oh right istj that's what security is for to nanny those who don't know when to say enough , they will make sure each guest is safe from others or themselves . i got nothing but age and it was -5-5 ? not impressed * peeks in then leaves * you're welcome they ain't cheap to get . * checks her decorations are perfect and then goes to find a corner and sits on a chair and takes out kindle * anyone lookin for me , i'm here . if the vodka fountain goes on the fritz let me ... i got some chocolate on the day and asked why they gave me chocolate , i forgot it was vday . i don't keep up with card company holidays . which is probably why i understand this meme since the ... i do enjoy traveling , it is pretty important to me so i make sure i take time off to do it . usually what sticks with me is landscape and the overall vibe i get while i'm there , which is probably ... that is true and i agree with it sucking that it wasn't included in the syllabus criteria but the matter still remains that she didn't do them , as a student myself i understand . however you can't ... name him ? hisoka morou from hunter x hunter i'm not sure what his power is since i stopped reading / watching hunter x hunter . so i keep this going ? 514642 also , shouldn't this be in ... '