' don't get so caught up in a fantacy about your relationship being better that you forget to enjoy that it's good the way it is . i don't take revenge on someone who has wronged me , but i sure have fantasized about it ! i'm always plagued by the thought that this could somehow come back to bit me in the ass and i usually come ... i think that on a personal level mercy is a better response to a wrong done . however , i think that a judge in a courtroom should seek justice above mercy because he wasn't the one who was wronged . ... i'm feeling the same way about my very strong sj mil at the moment . :d ry : if you find something that works let me know ! selfishness , particularly of parents with their children . remember folks , you made the choice to bring them into this world , now your needs come second to theirs . when my husband leaves one ice ... lol ! yeah , that over thinking , just kills me too . i think that's why the decision to have a baby was conscious , but the the actual making of a baby was semi-accidental . : tongue : i can sympathize with the lets get moving mentality , especially when i'm feeling pressured about studying for an exam . most of the time though , when i'm with my friends i really enjoy the chit ... i wanted to be a mom since i was a little girl . i had been married for about a year and a half when i got pregnant with my first . it was a semi-conscious decision . i had been thinking that i ... if i'm being irrational the only thing to do is stand back and let me be irrational . i have to calm myself down , the people around me can't do it for me . now , after i've had my rant i really like ... i'm naturally a night person . i used to stay up until three or four in the morning and sleep until noon . now i children who get up at six , so i've become a morning person by necessity :) my avatar is where i want to be right now . i should be in that hammock , somewhere in the tropics . i'm all done with winter already . :d ry : i hate the cold . i haven't really thought about what i ... that's a really good idea ! i took all of those classes when i was in college :) - take my children on a vacation ( not just a long weekend away ) - continue loosing weight ( only 10 lbs to go ! ) - get the house organized - paint the back rooms wish - for my husband to get a job ... it seem like you're obsessing about something you have no control over . you need to stop . now i can sympathize with constantly thinking about a past relationship and not wanting to let go , and you ... this seems pretty fitting . although , i would not consider myself easily hurt or offended ( or if i'm am i can talk myself out of being offended by looking at the situation from another perspective ) , ... 1 ) playful 2 ) funny 3 ) sensitive ( but only with me or those he's close too , otherwise ... ) 4 ) strong and not given to emotional ups and downs ( a man's man ) 5 ) independent 6 ) protective 7 ) ... arizona , usa a teething baby , all i want to do is sleep ! ! ! : frustrating : i'm a compulsive planner . i'm most relaxed when i have at least a rudimentary plan in place so i can see if something is going off track . i can usually go with the flow when some things don't go as ... my socks have to match , otherwise i obsess about it to the point it's hard for me to leave the house . i think that's why i love flip flops so much :) i'm seeing a pattern with infjs walking fast . i've been told on numerous occasions that i'm quick on my feet or to slow down . i also prefer a casual yet classy style of dress . i don't like to ... chocolate , the darker the better . my husband is istp . our communication is pretty good most of the time . when we actually have the time to delve into a topic we're pretty good at getting our points across so the other can ... i walk a mile with pleasure , she chattered all the way but left me none the wiser for all she had to say i walked a mile with sorrow , never a word said she but oh the things i learned from her ... the only question i really had trouble with was the sewing question . if neither had been an option , i would have chosen that . sewing just doesn't excite me at all . : tongue : i met my istp husband at church ten years ago . we've been married for five-and-a-half years . i enjoy shopping only when i'm in the mood and looking for something specific . it's pretty rare that i go to a store to buy something just because . but , i will say that i can spend hours in a ... constantly ! i used to think i was crazy , then i found you guys ! i read assumptions that effect our lives recently . very good book on how greek philosophy has effected the mindset of most of western culture and the effects it's had particularly within ... i don't watch a lot of tv these days but shows i've watched in the past are reba dharma and greg ncis scrubs criminal minds i have very few friends . i have one friend , that is quite a bit older then me , and i know that i she will be there for me . the other is an extrovert of some sort and i find it hard to connect with ... this seems like such a ridiculous question , but i frequently forget to eat . i usually don't even feel hunger pangs . i don't notice that i'm hungry and need to eat until i start to get grumpy and ... i can definitely relate to this . when i drink i just tend to get louder and say stupid things , but i'm never going to be the girl with the lampshade on her head :) blissfulpeach , i can sooo relate to this . i'm definitely more visual than verbal . i remember in collage i would get so much more out of reading my textbooks than the lectures because i could take the time to translate the words into a ... i like coffee as long as it tastes nothing like coffee . it's got to have cream and sugar , or better yet , a flavored coffee creamer . i cannot stand cats though . i use to have cats growing up and i ... i can be messy and disorganized , usually due to lack of motivation . however , i can only let it go so far before i can't stand it anymore . then i get stressed and i have to clean or i can't function . getting my three year old to sleep . : tongue : i don't want to get up ! i'm going to bed at 8: 00 tonight . i used to thumb them during my breaks when i worked at a store that sold them i forgot my book . i can honestly say that i have never purchased one though , nor will i ever . such a waste of time and ... i think the major problem with spanking is that a lot of parents don't understand how to use it properly . no amount of spanking will make up for a lack of instruction . if a parent has not taken the ... i like these useless threads . by the time i get on the computer i've been dealing with children , the house , and life in general all day . sometimes ( not always , but sometimes ) it's nice to be a ... i can totally relate to this ! i still remember my first phone number from when i was in preschool and my address at the time . this was 25 years ago . i go back and forth about whether or not i need to shave my legs today . i am not a natural dancer either . i took a dance class at the local community collage a few years ago and did ok and really enjoyed it . but i do lack the natural coordination to dance really well . ... 1 . my children 2 . a clean house 3 . helping other people 4 . singing 5 . rain ( living in a desert this is always welcome :) ) 6 . finishing a project 7 . family dinners 8 . decorating my house 9 ... i'm pretty good at remembering the lyrics to songs . in fact the first few times i hear a song , i concentrate on learning the lyrics . for some reason knowing the words lets me enjoy the song even ... i had a dream on thursday that my mil's dog attacked my son and he and i had to hide in the feed shed to get away from her . it was very cujo-esque . anyway , the next day she got out of the yard and ... i'm a terrible driver . i do tend to over think things , especially in a conflict or with my children . if there is a conflict , or the possibility of a conflict , i will go over every detail of what was said ( or what could ... '