' go watch any episode of the lizzie bennet diaries in which someone impersonates darcy . that's about right . i really have to disagree with your reasoning behind that typing of annabeth . the idea that intjs are not capable of spatial reasoning is a stereotype . i also don't know how you got it in your head ... that is nearly identical to my list , though i'll add the lotr trilogy ( just because it's so beautiful ) , the recent star trek movie , kiss kiss bang bang , and the count of monte cristo . i avoided jane ... i decorate cookies like fictional people . 5021450215 5021650217 i preserve them and turn the into christmas tree ornaments . for me , indecision can be a result of being presented with too many equally good options , or a lack of knowledge regarding what course is the best to take . sometimes a combination of both . if i ... i consider myself an exasperated driver . it takes quite a bit to get me legitimately angry in any circumstance . frustration and exasperation , however , i am quite familiar with , and these both ... lots of people have already mentioned hans zimmer , but i think a lot of people forget that he scored the lion king , which has some absolutely gorgeous music ( you can probably start at about 3:40 for ... thank you . when i saw this thread i had the urge to simply reply all of them . mbti consists of 16 arbitrary categories we place ourselves into based on a few personality measures . being in a ... for the love of god , please do not bring up the freaking sherlock holmes debate again . he is an atypical character that is impossible to type because of his irregular cognitive functions and the ... phrenology - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia disproved in the 1840s . also , from an individual studying neuroscience , neuronal pathways get pruned starting from the time you're born . the idea ... my friends tend to look to me for all necessary group planning functions , so in that respect i guess i'm a bit of a mastermind . they'll always overlook some logistical problem , so now they just ask ... two guys walk into a bar . the first one says , i'll have some h20 . the second one says , i'll have some h20 too . the second man died . i consider myself a nerd and i thoroughly enjoy the show . it makes me laugh because in many instances i do actually relate to the characters . i'm actually curious regarding what negative ... i'm pretty half and half , though my humor tends to be more similar to my male friends ' . i think it has something to do with getting my sense of humor from my dad , but i think guys tend to pick up on ... exactly . the bathroom stall comment had nothing to do with a phobia , it had to do with the basic logistics of going to the bathroom and how crappily and inefficiently the stalls are designed . no ... i have a very good friend who wrote this poem for a class . the assignment was supposed to involve one's least favorite author , and she couldn't decide between stephanie meyer and george orwell , so ... i have a very good friend who wrote this poem for a class . the assignment was supposed to involve one's least favorite author , and she couldn't decide between stephanie meyer and george orwell , so ... i have to disagree with most of that review . i ’ ll admit that the villain had a bit to be desired , but that ’ s okay for me because he ’ s a first movie villain — he served his purpose by letting the hero ... my dislike of hugging isn't so much a dislike of being touched--some people give really good hugs . it's more a dislike of that awkward moment when you're trying to figure out whether there's a hug ... i looked for a thread on this and couldn't find one--sorry if it exists and i just didn't search well . anyway , i thought the amazing spiderman was quite good , though it seems to be getting ... it's gotta be les miserables . the music is absolutely gorgeous and the story is very powerful . i'm interested to see how it comes across in the upcoming movie . on the lighter side , avenue q and ... i thought the plot was rather trite and predictable for a pixar movie , but it was unique in its exploration of the mother / daughter relationship . there are plenty of father / son movies out there , and ... ni is very powerful . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIV4poUZAQo i use it to drive away silly british knights . that is true , and i shouldn't stereotype . it's just that in my experience people with a p function tend to be much more difficult to pin down and make plans with , which is quite frustrating as ... i understand the arguments for loki as both intj and infj , but i'm compelled to remind all interested parties of a couple of things : 1 . loki does not have , as some people have previously said , a ... advice ? be practical and make some decisions when it comes to logistics in a friendship ( i . e . make plans for doing things and stick to them without getting distracted ) . i have several friends with ... that's why when i took the test i took it while consulting with my mother , who knows me very well . sometimes i would come to a question i had no idea how to answer , but she was able to point out ... for me it's got to be similar interests . if two people don't have similar interests then they have nothing in common that's worth noting , and that's going to make for a rocky friendship . if i share ... i can be bubbly if i'm around people i know share some of my interests and sense of humor . if i can talk about something i like or i'm interested in i'll talk a person's ear off , so if i know that ... wear clothes . personality type has nothing to do with it , and if you want to change your wardrobe to fit your mbti you're reading way too much into it . ditto . except for the rage part . i'm pretty mellow , i've never experienced that level of rage . were you involved in sports or the arts ? i was in my high school marching band , which was very physically demanding ( we were one of the hardcore marching bands ) , so i count that as a sort of ... tony stark as played by robert downey jr . is an entp . the actor , however , is an entj . hahahaha i don't know about that , your intj cousins might give you all a run for your money ... i would play with stuffed animals , not barbies or other human dolls like bratz or polly pockets , and my favorite thing to do was to make zoo exhibits out of the giant blocks we had ( my mom ran a ... there is an enormous decrease in energy transfer for each trophic level in the food chain : < 10 % of the energy in all the plants collectively on earth is available to be used by primary consumers ... wow , you were right ! i should just listen to you from now on then i tell them not to , because then i'll develop an ego and i don't like people with huge egos . jung originally came up with the cognitive functions with the goal that people see where their weaknesses are and try to improve them . the goal was to get to the middle of every scale ( e-i , n-s , ... i had a high school teacher that taught a college level biology class . now it gets community college credit , but she didn't want it to be ap , because she doesn't like having to rush through things . ... i confess ( though i never would without the anonymity of the internet ) that i actually like romeo and juliet . lots of people don't like it , and they think that romeo is a creep and that he and ... the problem with this research is that even if you somehow find a significant relationship you're still not going to be able to determine causation . you wouldn't be able to claim that you'd have no ... hey , i'm not the one who started a thread on socially awkward penguin ;) introvert cat is also quite funny . we are in agreement . i grew up with my mother doing daycare for kids from ~ 4mo . to 4 yrs . old in the downstairs area of our house , so i just can't deal with kids in that age range anymore . i have ... i decorate cookies like fictional people . 3405234053 3405434055 i have a dark , twisted sense of humor . it really comes out when i play games like apples to apples or things . for the latter , if the category is something like things you can do to get rid of ... i've always thought i would make an excellent benevolent dictator , but regrettably every plan to achieve this requires some sort of charisma . since i have all the charisma of a dead fish i just ... one of the best pranks i've done involved removing the speaker mechanism from a few singing / music-playing cards i had saved up and attaching them to the hinges of the kitchen cupboards . my mom was ... i have an intj friend who's an amazing creative writer . she definitely has her own unique style , and everything she spins out is incredibly well-worded and dotted with her signature dry wit . that's a bit of a generalization . if i am proven wrong i'll force myself to admit it , but it takes a lot to thoroughly convince me . ignorance bothers me , but at the same time i understand that ... '