1.do you use mnemonics if so what kind have you used ? no , i don't 2 . do you have a specific note method ? no , but that isn't exactly a good thing ... 3 . flashcards , anki , notes or something else ... the infp guy that's my age is one of my best friends ; we really think on the same wavelength . but he pisses me off sometimes . he takes ' selfish ' to the next level , and he can be really rude and ... francesca 1991 , well , the infjs i know are kind of desperate for love , but they think that physical intimacy is a fine substitute for real , pure emotional connection . they want to feel valued , but ... i know this is quite a few months late , but i have some ideas : make the antagonist in question extremely impulsive , prone to addiction . make them neglectful and not wanting to face the truth : the ... i'm best at english because of my reading comprehension level and ability to see patterns ( this translates to metaphors , etc . english teachers eat it up ) . but i'm really good at memorizing facts , so ... i got tested when i was really little . i think i had to get over 130 to get into the program i was taking the test for , and the guy that was testing me said i had gotten well over the requirement . so ... i hope infps don't sneak onto your forum and ask you if you like us . jeez , don't you know any infps ? who like you ? can't you go off that ? if you make such broad assumptions that we're all ... cute , ... usually if i hear the character's voice for more than an hour , i'll hear it going through my brain at the weirdest things . like when i hear an audiobook i'll hear the narrator narrating my thoughts ... i can usually tell infp guys pretty easily , but i haven't met ( or typed ) any girls to date . i dunno , it's pretty easy . it's true , the vibes are unmistakable . even the guys i don't think are infps , ... i know exactly what you mean , . i'm often the lean-on or second-best friend ... or backlash , etc . yes , kyusaku ! i'm the opposite . for some reason , i make friends with guys a lot more easily than with girls . and i hardly even do that at all ... all the infp guys i know are liked or loved by everybody ... hm .. i guess i have a lot of insecurities ... maybe one of my fears is that people won't like me or see me for who i am . this is basically the only fear that translates directly into some very painful ... oh , i like the hobbit . not really my cup of tea though ... it just goes on and on and on . and on ... i think they are essential to any world or universe . i dunno , the esfp guy i know had some serious ( serious ) issues with impulsiveness , but he was a very sweet , kind-hearted , earnest person , and ... i do all the wrong things , haha . here's the list . i : a ) eat my feelings . b ) bang my head / arm against a wall . c ) scream raggedly and loudly . d ) shut myself in my room for the rest of the day . ... i like infjs , but i never know what their stance on me is . usually i can tell , but infjs are always an enigma , and that makes me a little nervous slash insecure . i get along with them , i think ... but ... when i dream , i usually see these beautiful landscapes that i've never seen in real life , ever . but there aren't usually any defined people / characters or animals , which makes the whole dreamscape a ... i literally talk to my characters and ask them to come back to me . it works ! ---> forever alone <--- it depends on the situation . i'm generally really bad at lying ( well , there are some truly magnificent exceptions but for all intents and purposes ... ) , so anything to do with that is just out of ... we tend to be the ones to actively seek out people like us . infps and intps overrun the internet everywhere you go . the only ( confirmed ) infp i know besides myself is this guy who's been my friend for about 6 years . but he's nothing like me . he's really , really selfish ( i mean , i am too , but i have learned basic ... well , you piss me off . yeah , you're just another nt spitting on us and asking us , rather rhetorically , if it's possible we aren't so ... ' cute ' all the time . i think being manipulative and ... well , here's a secret - well developed characters come from you . basically , what you have to do is isolate parts of yourself and minimize / magnify them , and delete some others . you cannot just put a ... why are you always going to us for ideas ? just do your thing ; if it's well written enough , it'll be fine no matter what . are there any * modern * infp writers ? yeah you read posts on tumblr and they're like : here's an accurate description of all the mbti types as ( blank ) ' infp - unicorns . kittens . teacups . there isn't anything true or constructive ... yeah , depends on the situation . usually i'm unbearably awkward , and my wit abandons me , and people look at me weirdly . it's crushing and pitiable for everybody . the male infp i know is nothing like me ( but he took the test so yeah ) , and he's actually one of my best friends in the world . i've known him for six years , and even though i see his flaws , we have ... i think we love very deeply and then ' suffer ' very deeply ( when we feel ' the world has wronged us ' ) , so in ourselves we are a recognizable metaphor for love . at least , maybe to to other people . guys , the whole thing depends on the last letter of your name . hey , guy-from-the-internet ! oh , god , it's you . ha , sorry . er , i think istps are ok , but not for a relationship ... they are very closed off . i guess i have a way of picking up on ... everything . not a mind-reader , but very perceptive . yes , like sherlock , but in a different way . i can interpret emotions and the motivation behind it . like ... i'm always an observer . i guess i sort of carry the whole plot along ( of course ) , but i don't say anything . it's like i'm just listening and watching the information my subconscious tells me . even ... oh yes , up ! that is magical . if you want a more depressing angle , you can watch ' grave of the fireflies ' . it didn't make me cry , personally , but it's depressing as hell and makes you feel numb for a ... i don't usually cry at movies ... i think i did a long time ago when i watched ' marley and me ' . dogs are a lot easier to sympathize with than people . songs , songs songs ... i have a weird taste in ... i love how our functions leave us room to be all unique . like , you think everybody that's an infp is going to be the same as you , but that's completely untrue , and i sort of love it . this week , i ... uh ... have you guys seen interviews ? she seems very infj . not infp . plus . look at all that planning she went through . it was a lot . way too much . infps are more spontanious . i mean , i get tired of ... i never understand it . by adults i'm called an ' old soul ' , but teenagers , my own age , see me as immature , or young , or clueless . actually , less often now . now i am called ' smart ' in a very disgusted ... well , i think that the thing you want to do with your life should be inexplicable to you . it fits you . i , for example , want to be a writer . i can think of a hundred other things i could do that ... i can see openings to b manipulative , but i don't use the opportunities . honestly , the farthest extent of my manipulativeness is to make everyone confess their secrets via patient sympathy and then ... i think that higher correlation of homesexuality in infps isn't a thing . i think we're more open to accepting those parts of ourselves that other types might be more hesitant to put into the open . i have everything i really want / need , materialistically ... i miss my ex-friends , so i want a new one of those . but they're pretty expensive these days , so if someone will buy me a small fluffy ... i feel a lot like that . like i'm displaced , and somehow less substantial than everyone else . nobody really asks for my opinion , even though i give one when i feel i need to . i don't ever feel like ... thanks , i guess . i love you infp guys too . i've met 3 of you that i'm sure of , and they're my favorite people in the universe . i like the scientific thinkers , and istjs ... a lot feelers kind of piss me off sometimes . it's like they have no value for their own minds . their insecurity is much more harmful than a thinker's ... i think charlie's an infp . he's really , really passive , even around things that he doesn't agree with ( most of the time ) . then , at weird places , it just ... spews . his whole personality - his gentle ... i love enfps . sadly , i haven't ever had a crush on one . i seem to be attracted to assholes and shut-ins ... because , seriously , you guys are so amazing . good job . good job with being you . myers-briggs herself was an infp , and her husband was an istj . i think they're reliable and steady , which is really good for an infp . i'm really not sure , of course , but i would expect that we can't answer that question until we know what happens after death . right ?