the beauty of something that doesn't exist ? i'd rather not if i need special glasses to see their beauty it's not beauty anymore if only those beautiful stars were real let's seduce them you're like a star , you're beautiful only from a distan - no , that's not how picking up goes i am talking cake you can be a source of entertainment for a few hours cake sucks . hello , guys hello i'll have one , thank you . * drinks it greedily * man , nobody cares about us today let's hope enfp's like us more than enfj's * wipes tear * what's the point of invading if there's nothing to invade ? they may simply not be interested let's return to our true lovers , the infj's : unsure : where do you find all these photo's ? do you have ' em saved up for the perfect occasion ? is that a filter or what ? the photo looks weird as hell and so , it begins . hello ! i hope you have a nice time here . alright , going to sleep , i have a schedule to respect ( unfortunately ) . have a great time ! if someone witnesses face to face to you that they have a crush on you , how do you react ? sounds reasonable :P hello ! glad to see another entp joining our ranks :) yeah , it is . what are your biggest fears ? i'm afraid of being irrelevant . i'm afraid of living a boring life with a 9 to 5 job . i'm afraid of being just another nobody . i want to leave my mark on ... well , it may help you , since you're introverted . however , if i do that , i become quite sad and miserable . i hate recognizing it , but this routine of debating and talking with the people i interact ... oh , i think i've misunderstood your affirmation . i agree . too many douchebags and too many bitchy girls for my liking irl . makes me feel intellectually unsatisfied . don't take us too seriously . if i'm not wrong , you do tend to do that kind of thing ;) yes , these jokes are cheesy . yes , this thread is weird . that doesn't mean we're douche bags . welp , sorry for redirecting the purpose of the thread have a great night , everyone that's what happens when you're surrounded by shallow , dumb people . i wish i met someone in real life who thinks as i do . it's too bad it's not gonna happen very soon . if only all the girls had the same opinion as you , i would get all the ladies but , most of the ones i know are interested in shallow boys they like only because they're douchebags oh , well well , not all invasions last forever did the infj invasion die ? :( yeah , he is an entp hot , though ? in an unconventional way , i guess . they don't exist , really oh , so it's basically a thread where all the types socialize ? sounds kinda cool what is that event all about ? not kinky enough for some of us will take that into consideration it's still going :) we're invading your thread to seduce you and you ignore us and turn your attention on another infj ? heretic ! everybody is big and tough on the internet the only issue with that is that you're too shy to try to seduce any sorts of extroverted well , they are quite rare it's not a sausage fest as long as we have the infj women on the other side i'm back to serve ( maybe this time i'll actually get the ladies ) oh , alright . do we invade anybody today ? our lust is insatiable . must ... have ... more ... invasi - * blacks out * thank the both of you for stroking our massive ego's . makes sense . man , you surely like talking . it's hard to get a infj out of their shell , but , if you manage to do that , they'll talk with you for days , it seems . it looked fun . a pity i had to go to sleep to ...