' you people listen to very weird stuff . i only listen to angels . https://youtu.be/du6k4zj3rTQ he's most definately an intp . i just love the character , i never feel identified with fictional characters but saitama is literally my utopian-self ; humble and chill , but always ready to give his ... please for the love of god don't give your daughter prozac , that shit fucks up your brain , it's literally a zombie drug , you are left out feeling nothing at all , it won't fix her , it will kill her ... oh man i wish i could meet someone like you in real life . i'm on architecture and it's the same thing , i can't really connect with anyone because i feel they are not as motivated and honest as i try ... h-heh ... i will let this one slide because you are still young . yes , studying sucks , specially because the methods used don't have the same effect on everyone ( memorizing facts and complex ... yes , it is normal , but it's not that we don't want to communicate for a particular reason but rather that we need to do things , even talking to others , at the right time . that's why we specially like ... there's your problem . relax , social and friendly interaction must be done from a neutral perspective , you can't just expose your logical and complex opinions aggresively assuming that everyone else ... i'm a seasoned toker , i've been smoking ( now vaporizing ) weed all day for about 2.5 years now , i started when i turned 21 . most people would criticize this choice and think smoking marihuana fries ... i tend to just leave the place whenever i feel i won't be able to hold myself or whenever i know my reaction could cause a negative effect on others or myself , even if i were to be right . i can't ... love ( no particular order ) 0 . jesus christ 1 . cats 2 . skateboarding 3 . silence 4 . movies / tv shows 5 . marihuana hate in the last couple of years i've developed this urge to read the comments on every news article or youtube video , sometimes i read comments that gladly surprise me for its valuable information , but ... 7-9 i don't really read books as often as i should , but i'm still reading all the time , i'm an active member of many forums and an info addict , which means i read any article or column that may be ... no offense , but you are a pussy . giving up is lazy . http://youtu.be/s9yibUR5KNI i've seen a million numbered doors on the horizon now which is the future you choosen before you gone dying . i'll tell you ' bout a secret i've been underminding ... i don't know how much a book costs where you live but in my country you can invite up to 4 girls to a drink by the same price . i know that feel , same happens to me . i'm fairly attractive and sexually attracted to women but i never reciprocate their feelings appropratiely , like it's too much to handle for my little brain . i ... here comes the weird one ! i can dance and i love dancing , but i don't like people who would just stare at me while i'm dancing and then tell me how unexpected that was and shit like that , that's ... meditation . http://youtu.be/xRMf4z8Cs8s i tend to fluctuate between strategist and ironist depending on what's going on in my life , so i could say i'm a magician : ^ ) i do that all the time ; people hate me when i do that . why can't my mother just let me decide what to do with myself ? i'm 23 and i still find myself bound to my parent's plans of constant family interaction ( which is double since my parents are ... i do , i care a lot about politics , i'm aware of absolutely everything going on in the world , it's quite an obsession . first thing i do when i wake up is check the news . i can spend whole days reading ... ain't that cute . marihuana is tricky , some people can't get high , others get really stupid , others just chill , etc . how did you smoke it ? mixed with tobacco ? you basically smoked too much and the first times are ... http://youtu.be/koJIscC8sAE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eeF-ncNhJc http://youtu.be/zji0SZal1F4 there's many more . this . i ignore if different personalities may have different states of mind by default but i can say i experienced a huge difference on control over my own thoughts when i started practicing ... i think i'm somehow in the middle , i am , literally , a stoned ' intellectual ' but also an optimist ; probably a side effect of being stoned though . eventho i love art i don't spend much of my free time painting or anything , and i really should . some stuff i've done recently for a project ... how has no one posted this yet ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1EhaANeYCI i am both ... or none . it depends on the subject and specially if i've failed on that field before ; for example , i'm a pessimist about university exams and projects because i've failed many times even ... i used to be an atheist , then i asked myself am i judging something without even knowing and / or understanding it ? , so i forced myself to learn everything i could about many religions and it woke me ... i guess it depends on how tolerant both are to each other , i dated an enfp once , it was short but i'd repeat it ; she had so much energy . sent from my pc using my keyboard what the f * ck people , overpopulation happens mainly in africa and asia , not europe or the usa , our problem is exactly what you are presenting here , fertility rates on europe and the usa have dropped ... totally visual-kinaesthetic . just realised she interprets herself on parks & rec . best music video this year so far . so powerful and beautiful . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vjPBrBU-TM that's what i was seeking too . i'm still studying ( 5th year , 2 to go , minimum - . - ) but if you are like me and you expect a deep creative process you won't find it , there are too many variables to ... as architecture student i would recommend you mechanical engineering . architecture is dull and boring , you must love it to fully enjoy it , it's a really long career and depends too much on housing ... my only advice would be to take it easy , first two years are normally great , lots of parties , drinking , studying , non-sleeping and everyone is a friend but then everything changes , groups of friends ... you people can joke , but the nwo is nigh . i did this . i drawed it on photoshop . 95197 i'm studying architecture . don't study architecture . seriously . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gy30JchLdVE&feature=c4-overview&list=UU4fxZrFZOrsI8rHMCBfAm_A i'm obsessed with bible prophecy , spending all my time in front of my computer watching youtube videos and reading articles about it , the worst part is i do believe something really big is about to ... 1 . could you explain your situation ? i'm an architecture student . i'm on my 5th year , still 2 to go - . - 2 . when you have free time , how do you prefer to spend your time ( and about how much time ... sorry , those are not funny ): http://explosm.net/db/files/Comics/Kris/introvert.png actually , i do ! i get really nervous but i enjoy talking in front of a lot of people listening to me . i guess it's the thrill of the moment , the probability that you may embarras yourself or that you ... online dating is crazy . 80 % of girls will ignore you , most of them act like divas on the internet , and only half of them are actually out of your league . then you will find that girl who seems to be ... '