' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXtS4PgkxZg yeah , the stars and being lost in his own thoughts and imagination . him generally being distracted constantly and wandering around in the beginning also reminded me of it . he says he's set on the ... i don't drink that often , but i get extremely playful , cheerful , silly , open , and talkative ... sometimes to the point of annoyance . no limits at all . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRsXU4Q6a0Q i came across this short russian animated film , and couldn't help but think of the hedgehog as infp . what does everyone else think ? you have to intentionally try and piss people off , or put up a facade , to be a troll . people getting frustrated at you for just posting what you usually post isn't trolling , because trolling is a ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkfyOaVPC4I daydreaming is one of the few things i'm good at . this is exactly how i act when i like somebody . i've done this for years with one particular girl ... obviously , it literally went nowhere , it didn't even start . infps are actually the third most common type on 4chan , next to the obvious intj / ps . sister : esfp mom : esfj dad : istp brother : entj i think . i have no idea how i'd describe or visualize it , but it'd probably fittingly be very needlessly complex . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYznj0t42TE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-EJ9dQ5BmA i wouldn't even know how yeah . people see me as really laidback , naive , and cheerful , and sometimes treat me younger than i am . i do generally like people and so i'm pretty happy and more energetic when i'm around some ... well i'm rather easily scared i can definitely understand all the comments about dealing with condescension and arrogance . one of my very t strong friends seems only interested in knowing my opinion or method of doing something , ... youtube - emerson , lake , and palmer - trilogy yeah , i was bullied heavily all throughout grade school , when i was the typical nerdy kid . pretty much everyone bullied me and i had no friends , i was a big crier too , those were some pretty awful ... i flinch all the time ... i just had a dinner conversation about something with my t-aligned brother , and i was obsessively t and analytical , even more than him . i think he was taken aback by how t i was . i really didn't like ... i know exactly what you mean . i'm very generous with my thank you's , and i really do mean them , even for tiny little things like a stick of gum . i'd really hate taking people's kindess for granted . ... this is like an intense season of 24 , but with love letters and dawness instead time you enjoy wasting , isn't wasted . sometimes from people i know very well , they get a super chill and laid back vibe . i know they mean well so i take it as a compliment and don't argue , but i feel it really doesn't fit ne very ... for sensory stuff , high pitched noises seem loud as hell an annoy the hell out of me , even when nobody else can notice it at all . like when some guy does the ipod buzzer thing for a laugh , and i'm ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDfH_J4MAUQ whenever i'm alone with my mother and my brother , they automatically talk talk talk talk talk about everything going on in their lives , especially my mother . i try to listen attentively and be ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PWgabQZwbw amelie from amelie makoto from girl who leapt through time i don't really know how to flirt , it just feels so uncomfortable to imagine doing . virtually all genres of music can be written in a paint-by-numbers style at the most basic level by any amateur musician . there are different kinds of country , and many different kinds of metal of ... i have horrible interview experiences ... sends shivers remembering them maybe commercial jingle writers i hate it when people try to tell me how i am , or how i feel towards something . i guess it's my fault for leaving such little scraps of myself for people to understand me , but they just take those ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10rStHh07Zo i prefer self teaching myself on just about anything , because i can do it at entirely my own pace and with no pressure ( because i'm very lazy ) . whenever someone else teaches me , it suddenly turns ... ugh , i'm bad at typing . let me take a stab at it . twin brother : extx ( entj ? ) . pretty much my only and best friend . he talks my ear off whenever i'm alone with him , mostly just to hear his own ... shinji ikari . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCgQuj8v2gg if everyone were a leader , there'd be no one to lead . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMn7nDfvnZw i don't think i've ever had a female friend , then again i've never had many male friends to begin with . i get along much better with my brother than my sister , though . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7MEDrzcPbM love it either you say it and it comes out all jarbled and you regret being too impulsive , or you wait until you've perfected it in your head but you're too late and the the conversation has already moved ... i think if there was a girl who could fully accept me 100 % , then she'd be be a total nutter . i'm extremely irritated of most bugs , like when i was last camping i was a total nervous wreck because of all the horseflies , or when a spider appears descending right above me when i'm relaxing in ... i'm too scared to start my life , because i doubt i could handle all the responsibility . i also don't know how to start it , is there some kind of big red button i have to press ? also , a quote ... incomplete ones ... youtube - joe satriani - love thing '