' i have this terrible thing of avoiding eye contact and straight up ignoring the charming ladies that i cross paths with ... i'm trying to start smiling more at strangers and maybe that'll translate ... i'd love to give some pointers , but i'd feel bad if i just gave generalized ones . anything you're interested in hearing about ? haha , thanks . it's a pygmy marmoset ! hehe , thanks ! when i saw this picture , i realized that i finally found my spirit animal ! eh , hufflepuff . nothing unexpected lol . fun survey though . thanks ! hufflepuff - 15 ravenclaw - 11 gryffindor - 9 slytherin - 8 when you're at a stalemate with your heart and mind , perhaps gathering more info and waiting are good options . do you have to choose now ? if you can , you can table it and worry about it later . talk ... actually ... that sounds pretty cool haha . i've never heard of online karaoke before ! i'd be down to try it out ! ( i've only been karaoke-ing once before and it was pretty fun ) i have bad blood circulation so finding something that let's me go barefoot during the cold months of winter is on my priority list ! since i've been wearing xeroshoes for most of the summer , i'm ... hrm ! interesting description ! it's a bit confusing but looking at the entp functions would help , they are : ne-ti-fe-si . but let's work with the infj alternative . the infj is : ni-fe-ti-se what ... i basically know next to nothing about enneagram but finding out what you value can help motivate yourself . since i like doing stuff for other people , i tend to do better with group exercises and ... i've been meaning to write a book so i'm interested in helping you get further in yours ! i tend to type people by first getting an overall feel of a type of person and then checking with ... xeroshoes all the way ! nuff ' said . :D shop barefoot running shoes and sandals | as seen on shark tank - xeroshoes.com ooh ! if there was only one anime i could recommend , it'd be : barakamon ! http://myanimelist.net/anime/22789/Barakamon it's still airing but i love how much time it devotes to character development ... haha , i'd like to think that most people are overly insensitive ! friend : the size or importance of the announcement determines the level of trust you should have in the future . i have a friend i ... based on the responses from the infp's friend , it's possible that the friend got the queue . but i can't tell . i'm more straightforward and if what happened offended me , i'd be awkward and tell my ... thanks everyone for replying to this thread . it really means a lot to see all these responses and i'm sorry to hear that each one of us has ( been ) suffering with our own losses . every post gave me ... sorry for the depressing thread but i'd really appreciate responses since i'm going through a lot , and i'm currently figuring out how i personally mourn because from what i hear , people mourn in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFuUTtF9s5M darn video gives me the goosebumps ! unicornrainbowlove : great point ! thanks for bringing it up and i appreciate your compliment . under skies : haha , yeah , that's a familiar experience ! good question , i'd say taking action can be ... um , yeahhh ... i'm not a humanities major but there's been several times in my college career that i wished i just had a nice english class to buffer all of my technical classes . i've always enjoyed ... 1 . yes . 2 . depends on how much i want it . 3 . kinda . 4 . i guess ? 5 . only if i care about it enough . it's hard to give examples of when i took actions recently because everyday is full of choices : ... wait wait wait ... engaged for eight years ? ! what are they waiting for to get married ? ? a sign from heaven ? ? ( i apologize if this offends anyone but from the people i know , they engage because they ... my interpretation of what you just said : shark are people out to eat others a live in an almost eat or be eaten mentality or snakes as in people who when you least expect it , bite you . and becoming a ... i definitely like laeona's analogy ! too much stimulation can be exhausting ! but i'm one of those outgoing infps . i have tons of friends at uni and i guess this all happened because in high school , ... it may take more time and effort but i'd go with meeting up with them separately if i didn't want to worry about the state of both individuals . when i'm the host , i tend to just spend my time ... it really depends on what your passions are and how you can actualize them . some require a college degree while college degrees make it easier to actualize your dreams . college may not be for ... i can't help you much but two points that stuck out to me was whether or not these people are actually infps like how other posters mentioned . i don't mean to say i distrust that you said they got ... i really like malcolm gladwell's take on a good job : “ those three things - autonomy , complexity , and a connection between effort and reward - are , most people will agree , the three qualities that ... i think that is the part that i always struggle with in terms of making decisions . in fact , i think it's the core of why i have difficulty with making decisions ... it's that nagging feeling of regret ... productive ? nope . tomorrow ! when i want to talk to a stranger or an aquaintance ... but don't because by the time i come up with the perfect topic to talk about ... they're long gone :( i'd have to agree with a few of my infp peers that while i knew a lot of people and a random walk in the middle of the day i would be able to say hi to like 5 or 6 of them ( as opposed one or two with ... what you're describing sounds like extroverted feeling ( unless you yourself highly value observing societal niceties ) . correct me if i'm wrong but introverted feeling is more of having a greater ... the whole joining clubs are a good idea , just make sure to put yourself out there . i've realized that part of my shyness at times is that i'm afraid people won't accept my awkwardness and overcoming ... hrm ... not in my immediate family , but maybe in my extended family haha . i'm definitely of a different mindset than my cousins but they all love me all the same though i feel part of it is finding ... i feel that for a time i was able to tell but that led me to being overly conscious of my actions and avoiding them as a result . these days , i just go with the assumption that they're just friendly ... i honestly don't know if i'm answering your question > . < so i've answered it in a couple ways ... hope it helps ! unfortunately , i've been one to shy away from romantic relationships . i actually get ... hmm ... it might be that i'm an outgoing introvert but i really love being around people , though that means that i need a day or a weekend to recuperate . so , yes lol i guess : i definitely choose to be ... all of what i'm about to say is probably something you've heard time and time again , so i apologize if this doesn't really help you ! i'd say a great way to start is adding and reinforcing new ... i personally favor character development and plot twists in movies . crazy stupid love was awesome because it did that and provided scenes full of chaos too hehehe . i need fluffy plushies ? ( i totally didn't just look through a list of p-words just now lol ) i definitely agree that it can be hard to keep motivated with schoolwork as an infp . :( what works for me is study buddies . a friend and i literally studied everyday for a week together for a midterm ... i have a license , and i passed the test on my first try . driving to me does seem like a lot of responsibility . i don't really see how my friends love to drive ! haha . it's more of a necessary evil . i ... lol , my teenage years ... for the most part , i really enjoyed it . fresh into high school , the high school xc coach ( my 5th grade teacher ) pulled me into xc and it was the best thing that could've ... hm ... as a guy , i can attest to enjoy being around female companions partly because it's more socially accepted to be talking about emotions and i just talk with them more naturally . but , i have a ... i'd have to agree with noideawhatimdoing . he could just be shy and may just need a gentle nudge or so :D . don't be afraid of the possibilities of rejection ! ask him for tips on art , ask him to show ... when you're working on quantum mechanics ( not getting it and wanting to give up ) and then you realize how much more easier life would be if you were a thinker ... > , < when you realize on a friday night that everyone's gone but you're just content with reading a book in your favorite corner of the house , sipping some nice hot tea ( in a mason jar lol ) :D when stimulus gives you possibility . possibility . possibility . possibility ! ! haha , i'm sure someone knows what i'm referencing ... i should be studying ... but i'm procrastinating haha > < . whenever i lead , i'm constantly taking input from the people i'm leading . if we need to find a place for an event , i usually put up a poll . actually , i put up a lot of polls . but whenever i have a ... '