' thanks for this information - the next time he calls me i will consider suggesting he talk to someone about being addicted to porn ... maybe this is something he can fix ... i guess i really don't ... thanks for the input - but i don't think you fully understand her situation ... it's not really as straight forward for her as that ... i don't think she'd mind if i post this on a forum she knows will ... yes i have tried to suggest this to her too - but i think she has two major issues here ... and i haven't been too successful at helping her with either .. 1 . the husband doesn't find her ... no they haven't tried counseling .. apparently everything else in their relationship was fine ... he says he loves her personality and she always loved everything about him - but he can't get over the ... ^ thanks for the input - but i don't think this will work for her .. if he just watched porn but could respond to her too - maybe .. but the issue is he's basically told her that since she doesn't look ... thank you so much for responding so quickly ! i'm actually sitting on hold with her right now - so this will likely be a short post ... she's at a hotel now and i've basically been on the cell phone ... my best friend's sister's husband doesn't find her sexually attractive anymore . they have been married for 3.5 years and have no children . he told her that he is still in love with her and doesn't ... i don't know much about tmj - but since you didn't get any answers right away i did some quick research on this for you and here is what i've found thus far ... this link from the mayo clinic ... i agree - it's one thing when you get stalked by a guy that doesn't really know you ... maybe just a coworker or student or whatever ... but if you've been friends with this guy for awhile and started ... do you know any of his personal information ? if you do that might help you out a little bit . i've had some stalkers over the years - but the worst was a guy from my university that i taed . here's ... i lost my older brother a few years ago and i wish i could say that things have gotten better over the years for me but they haven't . it's always been just me , my brother , and my dad so when my ... i agree - people are all different ... you can't say that just because someone is an intj they are going to be an asshole , but for some reason a lot of people do try to make those kinds of ... holy fuckin shit what a cunt ? ! what is wrong with some people ? lol ! she is lucky you didn't go straight to the cops after she accused you of forging her signature ... sounds like that woman had a ... ^ yes good for you about planning to teach your kid something different than the go to college / uni or be a loser for life speech ... i think it does a huge disservice to society ... if someone ... ^ do you think part of this is related to frustration in general ? a lot of my undergrads that i've taed feel like they were forced to go to university by a society that lied to them about it's ... while the economy is bad everywhere ... it is especially bad in america - so if you are from the usa then you are definitely not alone ... colleges cranked out too many graduates for the job market and ... '