' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0dMz8RBG7g ( i totally bad in art ... ) that's few days ago : 53637 that's recently : 5363853639 53640 sooo true ! ! ! i'm 2x too , very similar to you , i have few friends around me , but having different lives , i always feel lonely ... very easy to feel lonely ... especially holidays ... no one find ... i think if i'm feeling bad , i would just close my mind , and won't review on the lists like that ... i always get moody , i always express my feelings , not it didn't help ... i think it's too ... i think i'm quite passive in knowing friends ... i won't actively to approach the others ... so mostly i know my friends in doing project together , or after some activities like going to camp ... i'm weak in both ... :( i recently doubt my tendency in extraverted or introoverted ... when i feel bored , i want to find friends , want to talk with somebodies , rather than staying alone ... and when friends talk to me , i ... i ain't vegetarian , but i used to eat light-tasted meal , i actually accept most of the food , even the meal is all vegetables is also okay ... no religion either ~ ~ i'm good at useless . nothing good , no valuable strengths , low adaptability to environment , timid , making mistakes , stupid , unmotivated , could never insist on one thing , fragile , easily being affected , naive , retarded , ... yes ! i get this feeling easily , being left , unloved , disliked , but sometimes i am told that i just too sensitive or think too much . e . g . if a friend finds me everyday and today he doesn't , ... i like to sing sooo much ! ! ! but i am very very very very very nervous in front of others , i can't control my voice in front of others ... issue , object , interests ... ( sorry , i've edited , it should be something , i use this short form too much in my life and forgot that is for myself ... @ @ ) do you guys could fall in love with sth , keep being interested in sth ? ( sth = something ) i always find that , i would be easily have 3 mins passion , or would have cool down periods , if there is not ... i dunno , maybe it relates to gender stereotype ... x_x i think i'm absolutely poor in logic / maths in nature , however , i think i'm fair in class , i could practice a lot for a fair grade , but clearly , i'm not good in nature , as i took many of time to ... same here , totally cannot understand what is the cute point for = ___ = ( hm ... a boy is being described as cute is kinda strange , seriously ... but i feel a bit happy for it as it seems ... isfp : yeah ! so what is the task ? :D liberalists , pacifists , culturist :) i love jigsaw puzzle too ! however , jigsaws cannot be kept too much in house ~ _ ~ and after i finished one , i would keep it on the wall ... hey mates , do you play puzzles ? do you like to play any ? what would you feel ? i like to play bridge , but obviously i could not play as well as other nt ... sometimes i feel myself like a ... oh ! ! ! after i posted a similar post , i found your post ! ! ! i think i have the same problem with you ... i'm not really so quiet as description too ! ! ! i'm sometimes very exaggerated , active , ... do you guys sometimes act like extraverted ? i dunno , sometimes i get quite confused , sometimes i have great desire to get together to some people , very enthusiastic , very talkative , very ... again ... childlish painting style ... :P 42245 ( out topic ... ) this title reminds me that ... isfp is a type that many people said is somehow female-like type ... :D you know what ? sometimes , i just love myself , no reason , may be being myself that makes me loving myself ... but when i hate myself , i could have thousand reasons ... i don't keep any journals ... i think i won't read it even i keep one ... : s or , maybe journals imply reflection , review the past , or sth similar , and i dislike it ... : o i think everyone loves other's praise ... it brings positive feelings ... however , isfp wouldn't do it consistantly ... isfp just likes it , but won't put it in an important position in the life , i ... oh ... really ? my fds always said that i'm very simple ... and very easy to be understood ... : s that makes me like a simpleton ... :[ again ... i don't have great drawing techniques , so poor drawings , and i also don't have photographic techniques either , so poor pictures either , sorry for that , i just draw for expressing my ... 2nd ... if i have a good relationship but no achievement , at least , my life has some supports , not blank ... if i have achievement but no relationship , then i would think it's quite meaningless ... true ... always ... i think the best way to express emotion is through other media , like arts ... like drawings or dancing , not necessarily very prof . , just follow the heart ... btw , maybe leaving the ... making decision is annoying to me too , normally , i would do either of these : 1 . ask myself is that really important ? sometimes , decisions in your life in not so important , it just drives you into ... i think it depends on , like , i would enjoy to present stories to children :D i really love telling stories to children , whatever through reading or playing drama to them :) ( of coz , small ... actually , i don't think i have any talents , no talents may have an easy life ... but would also have some feeling of worthlessness sometimes ... however , i can't control that , talent is inborn , i ... well , i dislike senior estj , i met two of them , and they both really did have a good career achievement , while talking with them , it's always very very stressful ... in front of them , it seems ... i love to sing , but this is not specific to isfp lol what i believe ? i believe i can fly ~ ( joking : tongue :) i don't believe in god , but i believe sth happens out of control / prediction , kind of ... you play a card game , you got a hand , you can't ... maybe the fi function , share much lol sleeping singing leaving the place , walking somewhere else listening music take a shower dance ( when no ppl there ) draw sth ( if i got the idea ) finding other things to do ... i think intps have been quite easy to get with ... ' coz i think many i__js are very difficult to get with ... i have a friend , she is enneagram type 5 . she claimed that she is isfp i agree that she is is_p , but i doubt her f function ... not sure ... how to distinguish isfp and istp ? she has a much more ... i think i'm very sensitive but not very sensitive ... i think i'm sensitive as i'm neurotic , i'm sensitive to my own feelings , sensitive to conflict , sensitive to this moments , i ain't sensitive to ... i remember that , when i study abnormal psychology , i am so appreciate the abnormalities ... i even think that , if i were them ... how good would i be ... lol it's funny that , i recently notice that , both my mother and i think the other is stubborn :D my mother is obviously a j , she always told the other that i'm stubborn , what's stubborn of me to ... hi , i'm studying psychology . i think what i love psychology is his theories or concerns in humans very deeply and broadly . i love psychology of language , psychology of personality , abnormal ... sosad ... i think i'm value-less ... some of my friends got a very clear value , they clearly know what they want to , what they prefer , what they like ... but i always don't know ... :( in my opinion ... isfp normally don't teach sth to others ... as it always implies to change , or even to manipulate the others ... ( give advice is also sth like that , unless you know sth about the ... hey , how about the boys ? ;D '