' we'd like you tell us exactly what you'd like , and if we're doing it right . :p ah-hah ! the truth comes out ! it would mean i was reconsidering the relationship . not that i was done . i'd rather not leave a person hanging . when i dated an intj , it took about a month before we were both ready for sex . and then we went at it like rabbits . that was definitely fun . i would say it is emotional for us , but not in the same ... ask to hang out some more . he may pick up on the hint . silence depends on the situation . if you ask me something and receive silence , i'm thinking . if somebody does something i disagree with , but i stay silent , it's because i believe the situation ... he's probably not sure about entering a full relationship . he finds you physically attractive and probably enjoys your company , but undergoes strong periods of introversion where he wants nothing but ... absolutely correct . ni-te-fi-se ( using intj as an example ) once you know the first function is introverted , you know the next will be extroverted , and then repeat . when the first is an ... according the love languages my primary language is touch . i like roughhousing , hugging , cuddling , kissing , blabla . which seems strange considering i'm otherwise fairly cold . it's how my friends ... i have a very strong entp mask . since many of my close friends have been entps , i'm very good at emulating their behavior . the only weakness of the mask is it becomes flimsy when i'm low on mental ... the bad romance song , eh eh song , money honey song : i want your loving and i want your revenge you and me could write a bad romance i want your loving all your love is revenge you and me ... i'm self-sufficient , efficient , and i get recognized for it . i'm sure others have said this before me , but every time i hear lady gaga's lyrics to her songs , i think that she has got to be an infp . what do you guys think ? start meta-gaming , meta-eating , meta-whatevering . then you'll know what it's like to be an intj . ;) we think about the most efficient way to do what we're doing . then i would guess te and fi would be stronger . thanks for clarifying ! i seem to be in a conundrum . one one hand the intj description fits me pretty damn well . but the infj description also fits well . while the intj description fits me better , some people have told me ... i'm going to be teaching biology classes in the next few years . i was wondering if anybody had any recommendations or tips to share ? classroom management techniques , lab techniques , or suggestions ... the more you know , the more you realize you don't know . most enfps i've known don't tend to lie , but they embellish stories quite a bit . i suspect it will end when everything is 2 kelvin . why is it that anybody with a high school diploma has a view on evolution they feel is right , despite the fact that they're addressing simple darwinian evolution ? * face five * it's a silly thought . sure , thinking about a goal and working towards it will help you get it . just imagining that it's yours won't do jack diddly . the comedian from the watchmen . i'd be dr . horrible . my idea of justice ? 9mm of justice ! actually , i care that i am an intj . what i don't care about is that relationships come and go . i don't try to keep in contact with people i no longer regularly see . i almost never talk to my exes ... nah . their seriousness makes me tickle them . :D the images ... * dies a little bit inside * it's bs . you want a closer measure of somebody's intelligence , just measure the size of their head relative to their body . you'll get a much better estimate . i get the same comments all the time , so it's not just you . :D i think any nt is more likely to be negative as they wish to improve circumstances , which requires focusing on negative aspects . clearly you haven't met many intj women . ;) every action and word one does or says in the real world or online is merely a translation of what occurs in the mind . i would say the mind is the purest of the domains , as there is no ... i think there are things that can be taken from both gender roles that are good to know or fun to do , regardless of what you're supposed to do . i also don't immediately think of myself as male - - i ... for everything else , there's mastercard . sure . you are aware that there are female entps who could engage in this same exact warfare against you ? : wink : wanna be my girlfriend ? sure . my idea of romance . : laughing : if you get the reference , kudos . first person to get the reference gets a song . ;) i've found that this phrase best describes entps . do you agree or disagree ? my favorites are subtle manipulations . like slowly stealing my friend's stuff while they don't notice . then putting it back after they freak out . i seem to be an entp magnet . my brother is an entp . my good friend at college is an entp . my coworker is an entp . my boss is an entp . and we all get along famously . except my brother still ... that's funny . sometimes i get entp moments of extraversion . :D hah . love you entps . you do realize at some point the charade will have to come down ? this is no far-sightedness in your plan . some third party will step in , or one of them will wise up and tell ... i was curious . what do other intjs see about this jungian type for intjs ? why does it make you what you are ? many of my friends mistake me for an extravert . my mask is an entp , and it is a facet of my personality that i regularly use . i am sociable and know all the social graces fairly well . but i still ... chronic depressive . directly linked to my level of stress . taking medication . working wonders . had it ever since the third grade ( 9 years old ) , only got it fixed last year ( 19 years old ) . best friend is a male enfp . current girlfriend is a female enfp . so far it's working out awesome . i'm not too proud . i'm awesome . : cool : i take pride in that which i know i am good at . otherwise i try to be humble . if there were no intjs , i wouldn't exist . wait . * vanishes in a puff of logic * sort of a wide-eyed stare if i had to guess . my enfp best friend is argentinian , a big guy , but also had big eyes with a sparkle in them . my enfp girlfriend is french-canadian , small , but has a ... that's why it needs to be intj-intp . ;) physically male , mentally androgynous . i think she's saying the pump needs to be primed - - aka , an intp is not likely to seek after a relationship if they haven't had one ? '