' i've taken a break from posting stuff on this site . continued to browse though and saw a few infp posts pop up . didn't want to make a post there talking about myself so i've decided to make this ... when they try to find the stupidest reasons to be near you . yep ... : mellow : i remember when my istp and i were having communication issues in dating stage that i offered to be fwb if he wasn't keen on having a bf / gf relationship . he did not like that . but did say that he ... yes . definitely . for random reasons . for all sorts of reasons . admittedly a lot being for selfish reasons . i second the not hiding your feelings bit . i learned that it got me into more trouble so i quit that and started being more straightforward when it calls for it . you have you're own voice , use it . ... i honestly couldn't say what my istp boyfriend likes about my specifically since he isn't open about stuff like that . i've been my usual self and am very clear and direct about my actions / feelings . he ... loneliness : never had a core group of friends . still don't . i think i just learned to accept that . i have casual friends i go out with and that's enough . my boyfriend is who i mainly go out with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa3jyGj9NxI before my cousin passed from cancer she always found comfort from seeing the volunteer dogs . she also often talked about owning her own pets . while our family is loving the constant attention would ... i updated on a thread in the relationships board , but forgot about here . : tongue : was actually ready to end things earlier this week . i just didn't think we were moving forward enough to the point ... i'm getting into culinary right now . more on the baking / pastry side of things . what i want to do with those skills exactly yet , i haven't found out . i knew i wanted something ... artsy i guess . but ... i especially hate this . and then when they don't even try to say , oh , but lets go on this x time instead . at least try to do something to ease the blow . not sure if anyone is still interested in this thread , but i thought it would do me good to do some venting . on a more serious note i think there's a very good chance that i will stop dating this ... i don't live in my own home just yet ( and since haven't been motivated to decorate my own room to my own taste ) . i do often imagine my dream home design though . i love the feel of a coffee ... what an elegant fuck you . : tongue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_N_Fcz5Yaw maybe marriage , no kids . i'm open to getting married , but at the same time am not the traditional type . i'm not into religion either . maybe a party if it ends up happening . love the idea of ... is ... is this sarcasm ? : laughing : i'm really bad at reading tones online . although my istp often shakes his head at me when i don't understand if he's being serious or not . the first time i shed ... not entirely sure . all i know is that at a party i'm the one in the corner of the room playing with the dog / cat . : confused : all seems well . better in fact . my needs are being met and as far as i know i've been respectful of boundaries . :p roud : we're even planning a weekend trip together in a month or two ( which really ... * cringe * well , we didn't break up . it seems that when i look needy he says that i act too ' relationship style ' and right now he enjoys it , but doesn't want to lead me on . he doesn't want to see me hurt . this ... uh-oh . looks like i had a right to be worried . he sent me a text saying that i'm getting too relationship style for him and that right now he enjoys it , but he doesn't want to lead me on . this sounds ... i know i'm getting off-topic here , but can i have some input on this ? i know that istps need their alone time , but i also have a need for little things . he use to text me good morning / night if i ... the best way i can describe this relationship right now is of cat and dog . i'm the dog who adores the cat and the standoffish cat likes the dog as well , though shows it in subtle , sudden ways in ... thanks for all the info you guys . :p roud : i've been feeling kinda insecure about our relationship for a few days . we usually see each other once a week due to busy schedules and plan the date ... i believe it . it just takes some getting use to for me . : tongue : oh yeah forgot about games . he has a ps2 in his room but hardly uses it . maybe i should go hunting for different multiplayer ... i've done this before . multiple times . usually dealing with just the natural occurrence of losing touch . except for one where i did it intentionally . there was this girl at work . single mom , all ... true . i understand the response when it's for harder to answer stuff like when dealing with feelings . but when its stuff like this : me : i'm making some food . want me to pack you a lunch ? him : ... feels good that i think i've hit most of those points to a certain degree , save for the traumatic experience . maybe something that will happen if we keep dating later . :p roud : i've lurked topics ... so , i've been dating my istp coworker for about seven months now . off the bat i knew i was attracted already . i was the first one to ask him out . i'm actually pretty open with my feelings if i feel ... i have a thing for certain beards . does that count ? : blushed : but i have always admired hair that compliments the head shape of people in general . found my old early teenage years diary . a lot of it was complaining about other people . a good chunk thinking about how they treated me / what they thought about me . such a pussy ... so you don't get ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgUwXssWgb4 62845 this dork never fails . :p roud : i wish i could do that . the closest i've done is polymore clay and well ... it didn't really end well for me . : blushed : that does sound really odd . and i couldn't imagine myself re-gifting a ... when i'm single i love the obligatory food + discounted goodies the day after . although that's not the case this year . i plan on baking pound cake , cream puffs , bailey's flavored marshmallows , and ... please stop that mindset of not feeling worthy . : tongue : gifts is my first idea even though you mentioned that he doesn't accept them . what kind of gifts have you been giving him ? are you skilled ... it's ... interesting . i only know one confirmed istp ( male ) who i have been dating for a couple of months . the description of the general istp is pretty spot on about him . i originally found his ... summertime : whoo ! got a steady part-time job ! starting school soon . i'm gonna be so awesome and focus only on me . :p roud : few weeks in : i've gotten a crush on my coworker ... crap ... shouldn't do ... iei - 0 : tongue : http://i.imgur.com/YsA96.gif http://images.wikia.com/courage/images/6/6c/Freaky_fred.jpg screw . these . fuckers . 99rooms.com best played alone in the dark . : wink : so ... i watched magic mike last night ... i am so glad i don't have a penis . would've been walking out with a boner . i was watching some documentary awhile back about animals in shelters . could not watch anything after this scene where they placed a group of puppies inside a metal box and gassed it . they then ... here's the thing . if people don't like you for you ( granted you don't have issues that would really harm others ) fuck ' em . it's not your job to please others ... unless it's lierally a job that you ... this honestly sounds more like a self-esteem issue rather than not just getting along with people . how much can you say that you like yourself ? if you've lost sight of yourself then of course this ... definitely had this issue ( s ) . everyone has their own solution to not being able to relate to people . what helped me was to really enjoy being alone . that involved being okay with not having a ... 41727 you know me , i always like to savor the last shot before popping the heatsink . eventually i'm going to get a really short haircut . just a matter of picking the right time . i don't think badly of you . everyone has their faults that they need to get through . the issues you described just happen to be them . that said please focus on yourself . i've also made the ... '