' john mayer . : lovekitty :: lovekitty : i don't post more threads because my thread starter link is missing . : lovekitty : how come you don't post more threads ? ;) infj thinking in images for me stops me still and is hard to focus . i just follow the voice in my head and i usually do well that way . my favorite tv show of all time is lost . i ran through that show like no other . the suspense of each episode was incredible . its so disappointing how the last season went and the worst ending for a ... i usually am the weird in most social settings . however , for me it isn't so outlandish as i am actually shy but when it comes to interests and such i bat leftyevery time . but 8 would be a strong opposite . if you want to be posh about 1 is where you would go . sweet . lol i just realized my post doesn't make sense . if i were there wh need to drive up . so how is it there in your opinion ? be my friend and i'll have one lol isn't bijork icelandic ? to bad she's a celebrity and on tour ( last time i checked ) which portland ? oregon or maine ? i find oregon beautiful and quite peaceful . if i weren't in san diego , i would definitely drive up there . maine however is just to cold for me . this video box is a nightmare on my phone . i'm listening to green day's cover of ' i fought the law ' . hi , i'm having issues with the ' percmobile ' skin and it's lack of features . when i opt for the better full scale theme i get a blank unclickable page whenever i try to post whether thru quick reply ... https://youtu.be/LQ488QrqGE4 any power . how could you handle the immensene pressure ? you know you're a infp if you know what being a planteer is about . this is exactly why i'm not in harvard . oh i look dumb . infp insanely fat people . eww a thinker ... that's pretty creative way of explaining it . envy is a sub-conscious thing though because even when i become aware , it's like the feeling radiates and pulses away . it doesn't go way though , just ... team rocket aren't villains , they're more anti-heros than anything else . in a # episodes they have helped ash and co . my favorite villain is light yagami from death note , the guy is straight ... 9th wonder is a god ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58Ih6dO6HyU give or take a few things . yeah it's accurate enough . either way you gave a lot depth in just a paragraph . i'm sure building on this in the story will play off really well . it's called getting lost in the music . i'll have deep vivid daydreams to lot of songs . it's pretty kewl that my mind comes up with it on the spot . zooey deschanel isn't so bad either . i'd say denzel washington , leonardo dicarpio , robert deniro and dave chappelle ( his sketches are amazing ) directors i don't know to many names . james ... why hasn't this been build yet ? don't ban me pornz un dey way ... http://img.ivsky.com/img/tupian/pic/201009/12/renti_caihui-029.jpg ... yeah i've done that before . that glazed reflective eye look is a dead ringer lol . no , but i haven't been able to tell people off the street to be infp or not . introverted feeling ( fi ) - is that thing in you telling you to keep things a certain way . it's the last thing you'd comprise in general . judgemental ? as in ... ? i mean fi is a judging function so ... my avatar is from death note , my favorite anime of all time ( with respect to dbz of course :) it is the character l . edit : i changed it , my avatar is now gin ichimaru from bleach . i'm afraid of my fears , just like anyone else who is afraid . of course i do . outside of personality disorders like npd , aspd and lobotomy patients . everyone does have same level of depth in feelings . it's how the mange and their environment during childhood ... no i'm not . cats are annoying little fucks that mess shit up . if i weren't so terrified of dogs , i'd have that seeing as they are more loyal . it's no reason to see they are man's best friend . that i'm an infp and not a person . myers-briggs isn't even recognized by many , so it is annoying to held to traits and conditions of a four letter system . i hate cats . they should make another animal edition . that cat in drawer was meh , they could have done something more clever . it was pretty cheap tbh . insecurity is insecurity . what about it coming from a infp is so different ? that is called insecurity . please dont lob it as a infp thing . it isnt at all . what pisses me of about infps is their holier than thou stuff . i mean like come on , get off that stuff . #sarcasmbutpossibletrue i really wouldn't know though as i'd either be confusing my own ... it's about time i post a pic . spoiler is for a big picture . http://i.imgur.com/0mHedSI.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dz4YVQ5Fbs i think they are ' cool ' personified . i know it's all in my head but everyone i've seen as that aura of cool-ness . plus , they aren't dicks which is pretty cool in of itself . irrelevant . shaming someone for how they feel is never right . the roles could be reversed and that person's feelings of self pity would still be reasonable and correct . telling someone to get over it ... whatever is interesting ... kinda kills the whole forever alone vibe , when you see the thread is loaded with posts . everyone has different humor . so what if you think my wordplay is corny and i think your banter is tasteless . if we ain't laughing we probably ain't friends anyway . so whatever . you shouldn't read too much into this mbti stuff . sometimes it can be dead wrong , because you know sometimes your a person and not a robot . emotional whether less or more can be very vague at what ... nope , you don't sound like a infp to me . i'll rephrase it for you then . i use my te and possibly ti , but it is soo weak that i hardly notice it . which is why i have lot of problems with objective stuff like science and math . i'm sure i'll ... true , most of the time i don't have any energy to do anything . even when inspiration comes it lasts like 5 mins and later i don't have the energy to continue on with what i wrote down at that time . '