' i don't really have much space for a guilty pleasure . usually a guilty pleasure would require that you actually care what people think . this is both a strength and a weakness . however , i do have ... unlike most intjs ( from what i've observed here ) , i am not as firmly against lies as a whole . i can respect a well performed lie . it is when they are poorly executed and held to religiously ( lies ... i hope for the sake of his mental health that you're misinterpreting what he said . declaring logic obsolete is like deciding not to believe in gravity anymore . what a ridiculous notion . logic can't be obsolete . if it was then nothing would be true and i'd become a nihilist . i've definitely had the same experience . several people have told me that they were afraid of me before they knew me . a few of the reasons i have identified are : 1 . i don't smile much . some people ... 1 . no . my t function has to remain as objective as possible . if i fail to remain objective then how can i make proper decisions and observations ? 2 . not life in general . i can look at specific ... judging from my interaction with you and the other posts of yours i've seen , i think it's more accurate to say that human contact avoids you . i don't see the social aspect as horribly crippling . practice has yielded some measure of social success for me . i've already tried the pessimist thing and it wasn't very interesting , so i've decided ... i wouldn't want to be another type . being an intj is too fun . : laughing : anger used to be a huge issue for me . to say i wasn't in control would be a pretty significant understatement . i was , of course , ignorant to this since no one who i respected intellectually had cared ... my eventual goal is to write and publish a book . currently my writing is mainly mental doodles of books i may write . i also write poetry pretty well . it is the primary way that i express my fi . the ... i think you'll find an absense of small talk on the intj sub-forum . when we talk , it tends to veer into discussion . i'm sure that your other male friends are far more versed in fe than your intj was . obviously , i do not know him , but i find your interpretation of his attitude toward his daughters to be very ... in that case , your decision to not be in a relationship with him sounds like the best . you sound higher maintenance ( meaning just needing more interaction , not the negative connotation of the phrase ) ... the way you view words is the way he probably viewed outward signs . a sign is just as easy to fake as words , so why would you trust that more ? if the real issue is a lack of trust ( like you not ... yes i really hate that . i start a project with an idea of a finished thing , then people start tearing down my foundation when it doesn't even look anything like what it will in the end . wow . that suddenly brings back memories of my disapproving grandparents telling me that i was going to one day regret refusing to ask for help . i don't remember how old i was ( probably 8-10 ) , but i ... that is not a fair evaluation . you were looking for a comforting sign that he simply saw no need to show . that doesn't mean the feeling isn't there , it means he assumed there was no need to express ... i don't know if it is because i'm 16 and therefore simply lack a certain about of life experience , but i find that i can still be impressed . i'm not one to take a bunch of useless pictures , but i ... that's a shame pinkrasputin . i've only been here for a bit over a week , but i really like the posts of yours that i've seen in the intj forum . you always contribute something meaningful to the ... i agree with this assertion to a point . it ceases to be as wonderful when she gets old enough that the cake is riddled with egg shells . not sure that happens to all grandmothers , but it was certainly ... haha yeah that doesn't sound like it was thought through particularly well . that is hilarious : crazy : that's a good point . probably , since the people getting married will actually want it and appreciate it , the divorce rates will decrease significantly . i'm sure that the number of unwed parents will ... in the usa , you can get married outside a church , but it is still claimed by the churches to be a religious institution . because they make this claim , they want to be able to say that gays can't get ... in no way am i connecting gay marriage to the devaluation of marriage . i'm saying that the direction society is moving is causing a devaluation of marriage and that this devaluation is actually ... oh don't worry . i always welcome debate . i chose not to argue the incest part although i did mentally raise the same concerns you did . i do , however , expect it to be legal even if only briefly ( in ... today in my ethics / philosophy class at my high school ( usa ) we were having a discussion about marriage as an institution and what is happening to it . the discussion had turned to what will be the ... that is surprisingly like my process of emulating people . i didn't realize that other people did it . the primary difference is i don't mentally put myself in the body of the person i'm emulating , but ... i definitely act differently around different people , but i always act myself . in a less comfortable situation ( in a group i don't know or when i'm with my family ) i tend to be more closed and ... i'd think the opposite would be true . intj children can be largely independent far earlier than some other types . you just need to present your rules and concepts in a reasonable , logic-based fashion ... with hispanics it is a big cultural thing . eating is far more social culturally for them ( i'm assuming here that they're mexican ) . so while for someone else your wanting to eat alone can be passed ... but if you get a second then you can give them the same ideas and they'll have intense discussions . it really pisses me off when someone decides that they get me and are completely off . a friend of mine decided that she knew me completely ( she didn't at all . i hadn't even let her past the ... this thread makes me wish i had an enfp friend . i'll have to keep an eye out now . i criticize you for being content with yourself rather than attempting to self-improve . i criticize you for having 444 posts . alright , i really have no significant opinion on anti-depressants and it has already been argued here by better minds than i . however , i will put in my two-cents about depression vs . grief . the best ... i'm sure he cares about appearance . he just probably doesn't value it above several other features you surely have if he's taking you in the first place . so basically , to reiterate what others ... paranoid : moderate schizoid : moderate schizotypal : moderate antisocial : high borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : high avoidant : low dependent : low ... feeling a bit pompous are we ? i was not commenting on your right or lack thereof to judge other people as useless tools . not at all . what i am saying is that it is a judgement and a decision by you to treat them this way rather ... last summer my whole family except for me was gone at various events that left me alone with the house for two whole days . no interruptions at all . a friend of mine heard this from someone , and was ... that is an ironically self-centered way of looking at it . in my experience , people who tend to socialize more don't necessarily need or even want it to be of value . think of it like this ... oh what a lovely thought . sadly , i doubt that would go over well with my teacher . i've been fighting all year to keep an a in this class so i'm hardly about to sabotage it : crazy : you know you're an intj when proving the facts to other people is harder than figuring them out for yourself . i can't even begin to list off the number of times i've had to work backwards from a ... inb 4 the prospect of other powers completely derails this thread . i criticize you for your unwillingness to conform or even pause to consider if your negative features are something to be discontinued . oh sorry about your cat . my cat ( zoe ) is very smart too . she used to play fetch with hair bands , but that was merely a youthful phase apparently . she's actually a total badass . i used to think that ... i've always wanted to fly by mortar and pestle . respect trust friendship '