' i'm sure someone has been under the effects of shrooms or acid ? any funny stories ? how do entps feel about hallucinageons ? what have you learned ? i feel everyone should trip at someone point in ... why don't you teach her what you are comfortable teaching then ? and , i'm sorry , but using your imagination isn't that hard , if anything that is the perfect time to expand her vocabulary ... i ... this is sad . i'll be honest , i only read the first line of your statement ... however , you shouldn't . when you first meet someone , rarely are you getting the real them , you're getting who they want you to ... cool story , bro . hmmm ... ? why are you hanging out with them ? and if you're not hanging out with them , why are you stalking them ? entertaining but that guy's trying a bit too hard for me . i know ... we use to have real discussion here . i don't know what happened . i never said it was easy . heh . i get it , trust me . i just don't get why everyone's panties are in such a bunch about it . the fact that an entp made this thread is even more confusing . you hate people who want to be or think themselves to be special ... you need to get a life . chill . it seems like he wants you to over think this if he won't give you a direct answer . or he's just way too nosy without realizing , like i tend to . or he wants your penis . or ... it could ... i break down everything i think about until it can't be broken down anymore . everything . i realized i wasn't an intp because i was not shy about my accomplishments in any way shape or form and i wasn't quite as angry as a lot of intps were . who has time to rationalize ? are you sure you're an entp ? that's a bad joke , but being the quick thinkers that entps tend to be , taking ( literally ) a few seconds to rationalize instead of react ... i've learned that the biggest problem with confrontations is that people are , usually , reacting instead of rationalizing . rationalize the issue , find your solutions ( keep your alternatives in ... i'm so good at manipulating people because i'm good at pretending to be nice and acting like i care . wut ? you guys sound like pussies that can't deal with confrontation . does this title bother no one else ? hm ... you're no entp . all entps have large penises . i gots pix ' cause it happened . i use to hide things , ask about there whereabouts , and then giggle as i watched my victim search endlessly . good times . : 3 spent all of my high school years waiting . college was full of alcoholics . fun . i was an underachiever in both unless it was a subject i enjoyed . at the time , if i didn't believe in it , i didn't ... i dunno , but i just turned twenty a month ago myself and i'm going through the same . your fe is developing is all i've really heard too , it seems like there's more to it to me ... saying the above is a generalization about a group . saying ' we ' is a personal generalization that assumes that whatever you are saying is agreed upon . how entps don't get why someone is upset after insulting them endlessly , but doing it while making a point and expecting that person to ignore the insults and focus only on the point . i , ... sounds like someone needed to get something off their chest . i must say i'm surprised by some of these responses . oh , and if you don't watch television , then you have no reason to be here . your opinion is irrelevant . :/ but vampire diaries ? how i met ... otters are cute ... especially when they kill stuff . like the one in my avatar just did ! plus , someone found this pic and thought of me . which made me d'aw . it's one of my favorite otter avatars ... just completed my dog training . if you want to know how to get pretty much anything you want out of anyone , read don't shoot the dog by karen proctor . nah . seems a bit pointless . gay pride pup ! ... this wasn't for gay pride , but he's a jack russel / chihuahua mix , i imagine him to be a spunky gay guy . idk what was so funny , but i really didn't want to laugh . o0 41832 huh , this makes me question everything now . D: sounds like a very entp game to me , making the other person the bad guy . sounds like you guys need to have an adult conversation and figure out what you want . which to me just sounds like you need to break up . it seems like she's trying to get you to break up with ... hm , based on these responses i'm very curious as to why sound seems to be easy to remember for those of us lacking good memory in other sensory areas . lol and thanks ! i would , buuut my laptop is no longer functioning . :/ i'm trying to get myself a tablet , but that'll take some time . i'm confined to a computer for now . D: and i curse less ! i ... bahaha ! that was great . the master of not giving a fuck ... giving quite a few fucks . meh , there are only a couple of perfumes that i think actually smell good and don't smell like every other girl in heat . i usually just rely on my fuji old spice and my hemp lotion . it's a good ... you were always an extrovert , realizing it now doesn't mean you're transforming anything . i didn't socialize for years because people sucked . now people suck less . i socialize . it's a good distractation , hah . it's more fun to share the experience , i believe . i'm not always sure i'm an extrovert , but i seem to prove myself whenever i get around a decent group of people . my problem is my non-tolerance for people i've deemed lacking . i can't spend hours ... the fact that i didn't start a debate is pretty significant , if you ask me ... but okay . and i had to nitpick at that , i found it funny . and i'm not surprised . hm , that's a lie . i'm surprised ... ? ? ? that's the funny part , i started a debate with no one . i found you all's reactions cute and that's it . you three , seemingly threatened , all jumped in on the action because you had to show me ... you seem to have this puppet master view of yourself and i can't figure out why . and i don't know where the assumption that response = anger comes from . again , something that was never said . ... lolwut ? do you not know what the word may means ? it sounds like it , so just in case ... may - noun used to express possibility . it may rain . used to express contingency , especially ... bahaha ! three entps just responded to me in the exact same way . showing how much they don't care by over-dramatically saying they don't care . did you guys plan that ? : 3 it was incredibly ... i don't know why you may have felt attacked , just that you may have felt attack . am i to assume that this is because of the reasons you have mentioned ? you should look up what analyzing means ... that , actually , wasn't directed at you . sorry , i'll use more quotes . but even if it was , your response doesn't really have anything to do with anything . that's called red herring by the way , ... yesss , yesss . attack me . although , new insults would be good . telling me and anyone else over and over how much you don't care kind of does just the opposite of what you're trying to ... '