' well - no need to read or respond this is a long one - in fact getting me to the place i end here has been in part possible in purging my many thoughts into a semi coherent written case , so yes this ... well , you aren't wrong here - there is a disconnect between the intuition and the circumstance on paper , and yes that poses substantial question of the situation on its face . though you do have it ... i guess you can only decide what is right from your perspective . because how else can we make decisions than on our own terms very sound words :-) i think i am so used to just knowing the ... i was him , i'd have told both of you that i am free like a bird to sow my seeds and i wouldn't let any woman tie me down . i actually told him that when i first met him lol . i mean why behave like ... you make very good points . though i think what isn't getting across here , when i say this isn't normal it really isn't in ways that may require me to spell this out in why this is almost able to ... well in truth i got introduced to the mbti in college for my psych degree but didn't study it in any real depth . i did over the past few years really get into studying it as a hobby . it takes me a ... well first off , i said the life is short carpe diem stuff when i first met him 2 years ago and he technically was not committed to this woman at the time he had only been seeing her less than a ... ok need some advice for anyone willing to read all of this ( thanks in advance ) , i am an entp gal who has major issues with cheating on many levels . it is like a huge red flag and deal breaker for me ... i have been wondering what infj-entp communication looks like not like anything normal lol . it has to be experienced in a way to understand what the communication is like when there is an ... i think your problem in a nutshell is having too many choices right now and too much freedom and no pressure . horrible problem to have , right lol . but for an entp it can actually be debilitating , ... they usually have to have a decent amount of an attention span for me to explain my reasoning , there will be a lot of of weaving of info to explain something fully , and also be really interested in ... no . anyone that i have ever fallen in love with i have never lost interest in them , we broke up for other reasons but being bored or having them figured out was never an issue . i tend not to ... i think entps are bioingineered for exclusive intermittent relationships . i don't know about that , at least not for me . i cannot even wrap my head around why people are serial monogamists , it ... ha ha - gemini here . though i don't think that mbti will necessarily correspond to one's sign for obvious reasons , i have read other experts that claim gemini is the natural sign of the entp . i ... trump is practically the only candidate who doesn't chest thump about russia and ousting assad ( as if that worked with saddam ) . no one respects obama and hillary is warmongering bitch . ain't that ... i am a woman , and i don't need a guy to boldly flirt or take initiative at all . if i like someone i have no qualms letting them know . i am kind of impatient if i find myself really drawn to ... fueledbyevil - i kind of got distracted over the week and lost the train of thought i had in mind to debate you on this ! i knew when i left the last message i had a lot of thoughts running through ... well i don't think a connection made over a year and a half ago , some flirtatious phone convos or texts here and there , and a possibility that maybe just maybe i could actually live physically near ... well since i was mentioned here i will respond . 1 ) not technically . is it a deception yes . and as to deception it is defined by intent and situational factors imo . like i said in the other ... i think an entp would say about lies of omission as one famous quote reveals : “ lies of omission do not exist . the concept is a very human one . it is the product of your story writing again . you ... good example lol . i think this being a master of spin is that entps can generate a lot of possibilities to a scenario . so look at the facts at hand and work with them in essence . if i steer this ... holy living fuck . ne is entirely tl ;d r . my childhood is exactly what you'd expect . talking entirely too much shit to authority figures , and rubbing good grades in their faces . there . one paragraph . ... yeah i would agree with what is said here - i think entps can leave a bad relationship very easily . i think it does come somewhat from the future thinking orientation , if the future isn't looking so ... i don't know , it seems a little strange that she is pushing for marriage and you only have been together 9 months . i mean i have seen women do that in a relationship when a guy was kind of on the ... i don't know if i had an aha moment as to my intelligence . i am sure i had it , i am just too young to remember it . i was brought to a psychiatrist pre-k in figuring out what was wrong with me ... well , it was only thrilling after the fact . i was a senior in hs in precalculus . i had kind of some drug problems back then and wasn't engaged too much in school and skipped a lot of class ... i would say in a general sense no we do not . there was a funny caricature of entps done on stellarmaze that described entps in relation to culture as stepping off a banana boat from timbuktu as ... hmm , not really stimulated in the normal sense . i was very good at math , it was very easy for me , and i had some experiences with math that made me kind of amazed at how adept i was at it especially ... for me it depends on the person . i am not competitive with other people who are not competitive . this is the dynamic i prefer with people , i am not often drawn to really competitive sorts . but if ... '