' i think we might have all missed something though ... my post above this one - read it . the middle square isn't switched in the third example , but it is in the first and second . in the obvious answer there is nothing to indicate this difference . so the obvious answer is probably wrong ... just think this puzzle is pretty stupid to be honest . you can create whatever rules you like , seeing as the answer which is most obvious is apparently wrong . it can't be wrong , cause that means ... try this then : 694089 i think it's this 693913 it's cute when they do that , but can be poorly timed . i taught my cat not to walk across my keyboard . he only walks across it when it's in the way ( i . e . he can't get where he wants to go without ... for me , it can happen if i get out of balance with sleep , diet , exercise . generally i fall asleep basically immediately every night it's still an experience and things don't just change meaning based on someone's experience . a horse is still a horse , a cat is still a cat , whether you see it from a distance or close up , it's ... sorry about the delay in replying . yes , sometimes the answers evade us . what actually is your point ? you want to know how to find answers to questions faster ? ultimately the cake has it's own ... the dictionary says that a part is an amount or section which , when combined with others , makes up the whole of something . ? ? i think i may get your point - an apple pie tastes great , but you ... thankyou . difficult to find work in law whether or not people like you or difficult to find work in general ? i'm guessing you mean in law . yeah , i can see the cons , perhaps there are too many . ... sitting down and eating a big apple pie is better than sitting down and eating some sugar , some apples , and some pastry . is it so hard for me to get a job cause i'm in the wrong career ? ( one which involves talking / teaching a class ) ? if i studied law would i face the same impossibilities with finding work ? ... when i offend someone and it's a surprise to me , it's generally because i hadn't expected them to get offended because if someone did whatever it was that i did to me i wouldn't be offended . with ... i don't have time to write a long response , i might get back to this later but probably not , but i'd say , yes , he could easily be an intp , don't rule him out because of those things . infps are very ... yeah i'm pretty sure i use my thinking to over-ride my feelings . i have a lot of feelings , but these feelings are generally analysed and then put in their rightful place . hmm anyone else like this ? i was . jaguarpap so i pretty much don't live in an organised enough state to be a judger , although i'm very organised in many ways ( an intj would laugh at me for saying this ) . reason i ... continue to be there for him . don't rush in and reveal your feelings . empathy i don't think the issue is intelligence , rather , understanding . i meet a lot of different types of people and the ones i get along with best are those who i can just talk to and they understand me . ... god has been faithful to me in the past through difficult times , i believe he will continue to be faithful to me in the future . this takes away a lot of stress for me . as for say , something ... helps us not to procrastinate so much , helps us to make decisions .. basically i love keeping every option open , but at the end of the day , even if i'm happy to always keep my options open i think ... probably . it's taken me years to work out i'm an intp . by default , having tried every other option , i have to be ( plus it fits ) , so if you keep working through every possibility and eventually make ... i think , theorise , and problem-solve a lot . the assimilation of information . information itself is static . others would disagree . sometimes it's just better for do you want me to write a novel ? cause if i even began to answer this ... all learning is useful . it changes your brain , the way you think , your ability to learn and process information . i wish i'd discovered my love of learning earlier . yeah that question is old ! wow , back when i stupidly thought i was an intp . lol . anyway , i wouldn't be surprised if intps didn't hang around estps too often . also , welcome to the forum :) do isfps attract estp's often ( or never ) , or is there another type that you find yourself consistently attracting ? i can be quite competitive . i use it to make me get better at something - small steps of improvement - as the other person improves i try to keep ahead , etc . i haven't read more than the first part of your post , but i've been told many times not to base life decisions off of mbti ( especially seeing as we often mistype ourselves ( which i did about 8 times ... i am quite organised and goal-orientated , but what my enneagram is i don't know . it could be 6w7 or something . those were my thoughts . i hate to think what would happen to a car motor if i was allowed to have anything to do with it ... creative stuff , sure thing , that's my se , but fixing things ? not a hope . why not ? i usually don't replace things - i mostly look til i find them , or i do without them . if years / months go by and i haven't found it i might eventually replace it i suppose but that would be rare . ... yeah definitely :) it's your avatar how long have you thought you were an isfp and why ? i thought i was an intp at one stage , but talked to lots of nts and soon sorted that one out . i think it's pretty normal for isfps to keep questioning their type . i needed a lot of people confirming it for me before i was able to see it . and if someone appears to be doubting it then we can ... why is ' neither ' not an option ? : smile : double post - oops sorry ! maybe find ways to socialise with her that isn't costing her money , especially if she has to drive to get wherever you are choosing to meet - that also is costing her money . i can usually prepare a ... talking to intps and entps helped me see that i wasn't an nt . it took me a very long time to work out my type , now i'm sure of it because i have answers ( and it's not based on comparing myself to ... . when i was younger ( teenager age ) i wasn't quite aware that art was one of my strengths . i guess i always wanted to be good at the things that others were good at because of my competitive nature - ... how i deal with this : trust god for my future ( while trying my best at everything ) . and find high-se activities that i love to help keep me in the present . what is most likely bothering them is nothing that you're doing , but rather the way you are percieving them to be judging you for being yourself . this makes us seem like judgemental people and our ... '