' i guess because humans = fickle does not mean fickle = no friendships / relationships . humans are fickle by nature in one way or another . you're right that it's hurtful but if you're going to hurt whether ... my cup of coffee is learning . there's a lot to discover in life . it's kind of like a dream . it's somewhat pointless but still very interesting . life's the same way . if i'm going to die either way , ... upbeat you're right . i tend to falter when saying anything . i'll work on that . that's probably what i'm lacking . infpsyche thank you for this . i don't believe in myself enough and that's ... what you described in the first paragraph literally never happens to me . even when i'm quiet or don't care . _ .. the second one also doesn't happen or i'll attract someone who eventually ends up ... ooo ! i love psychology too . i understand . it's important to win people over , and it isn't wrong to do so . awh thank you . i know quite a few people who are quiet and people respect them . i guess it ... compulsiverambler thank you for sharing your experience (: . i'm glad it worked out for you in the end . it gives me hope . the way you described social anxiety is so accurate . i feel like i have no ... i know but the problem is that i don't know what the right way is . btw , how did the books work out for you ? female infj thank you , i'll try that out . my one problem is ... i'm afraid of what they'll say . : frustrating : i'm kind of scared they'll know i have low self-esteem ( not that it isn't already ... do you know any infps like that ? it might seem unlikely but i know an intp who is super charismatic so i hope i can say it's not impossible . anyway , i feel invisible a lot of the time . nobody ... i think poetic justice makes for a great story but shouldn't really be used in real life . forgiveness is pretty hard for someone who has gone through a lot of pain . when people are in pain , it's ... this is just my rant so i'm sorry if this wasn't supposed to be a personal thing . i've been reading somethings and there seems to be this stereotypes that infps can't do anything . if it's someone ... so far , i'm sure that i'm an infp but i could be an enfp . i used to score really high on ne / ni on functions tests and feeling came afterwards . i say used to because i feel like i just manipulate the ... - nonconforming attitude i don't know , i try not to be the one who tries so hard to be different . i don't necessarily stand out either but i don't like doing what everyone else does . sometimes i wish ... infp - taurus sun , libra ascendant , leo moon . sun in 8th house . dominant sign is aquarius . i think that suits infp well since aquarius is independent , humanitarian , and non-conformist . i don't really think i'm a sensor . there's a notable difference between myself and sensors in person . i tend to focus more on the bigger picture , possibilities , future , underlying meanings , etc ... hello there ! i'm confused about my type . i don't know if i'm an infp or an infj . it's the j / p divide that confuses me . i prefer to plan things out , look before i leap , and am generally not very ... deleted because i realized i had already posted . sorry ^ ^ this was helpful , thank you (: . thanks for taking the time to reply . i'm confused because i can't tell what i do . what i think i do might not be what i actually do . i voice my opinions , values , and ... i'm somewhat confused about my type . i can't really tell the difference between ni / ne and fi / fe . i thought i was an infp until i started to read about some of the functions of infj . i started ... thanks ! don't mind if i do pop in sometime ! take care as well and make like a tomato and roll wit it . translation : stay happy ^ _ ^ . daw you just flatter me too much but thank you (: . i was talking about the i don't need to flirt , i will seduce you with my awkwardness picture . i don't think i've seen your home page thing , but ... by the way , i love your picture . it's so funny and cute <3 it's like you're me or something . true , i usually eat too little but when you see that cookie sitting there on the table , mm who can resist that baby ? i had problem with really bad acne because i ate ... daw you are such a sweet heart <3 you seem dayum cool as well : kitteh : . thank you so much for this , i really appreciate it . if you could see me right now , i'd be smiling like a fool . : happy : recently i've been doubting whether i really am an infp . i would like if someone could help me choose . i've done a bit of research . what has been the most confusing is that if i believe i am a ... aw thank you so much for this , i really appreciate you sharing this : happy : . i love how you love your friends so much , it's beautiful . it's interesting actually that you've met so many nfs . i've only ... sorry i know this is an old thread but i really just wanted to share . for me , criticism will hurt still but only very little . i think it's important to understand that although your feelings do ... what did jung say to the infp man who had just made his new business site ? fine site you've got there . what did the infj kill his wife with ? with a nife . what did the intj son say to his ... i understand how you might feel and although i don't exactly know what she did , i can't exactly agree with you . thank you for replying though , i do appreciate it : happy : just curious but how do you guys find you have made your friends ? for me , all my friends were made because i opened up to them right away . i don't know why exactly but i just felt like i could trust ... i was just scrolling through this thread when i saw your eyes and can i say my godness those are the most beautiful eyes i have ever seen . can i has plz ? when you think random thoughts such as : d'awww ! i love cats ! i'd love to have one and i'd love it with all my heart and soul ! but wait .. i know that i'll feel like i'll care more about my cat than ... or maybe you heard them wrong and they didn't say lovely priest but sexy beast . <3 ( sorry i really had to say it ) hiii :) . here's my thoughts on it . first of all , no one is unlovable . everyone deserves and needs love and appreciation . everyone has something endearing about them as i'm sure you have something ... i wouldn't really say mask but different sides i guess . what really is the true us anyway ? don't we do all of these naturally ? that's what i think but enough about that . i have the quiet , shy , sweet ... i couldn't care about people talking behind my back even if i tried . i just never did . i can't even explain in words why i or how little i care . i think maybe the way i think of it is that this ... i think the trick is to know that at the very least , you don't dislike them back . it makes you feel all peaceful and zen inside . hell yeah ! you go girl ! i have learnt this but not through experience so i still haven't put-in-to-practice-learnt it yet . if you know what i mean . but heres my take on it . you know ... my ex-friends would say i was selfish . but they failed to realize that they weren't meeting my emotional needs , and they were taking more than they could give . in a situation like that , it's normal ... my ex-friends would say i was selfish . but they failed to realize that they weren't meeting my emotional needs , and they were taking more than they could give . in a situation like that , it's normal ... agreed . - mbti - self-improvement - astrology - aspergers a few more but i can't seem to remember them i read somewhere that we're academically successful and that things come easily to us . for me , my grades are great . i'm lazy so i don't bother with homework unless the teacher is checking . that ... me definitely . people are too nice to tell me to shut up but jesus christ , a kidnapper could tape my mouth shut and i'd still be yapping on about my next obsession . that tape ain't gon stop me ! ... i'm a taurus + an infp . i'm on the taurus / gemini cusp so although i'm reserved , like relaxing , love art , etc . ( infp traits i believe ) i'm also pretty jolly , bubbly , talk a lot ( only with those close ... ( i don't know if this replied to the post or not so if it seems random , well now you know why . ) i don't really know whats going on here but i'd like to add something . i used to know an nt who ... maybe she just wants to be the rarest , the best , and wants to be perfect . i know because i'm like that too sometimes , trying to be something i'm not i mean . of course none of that makes it okay ... it's like you know exactly what i'm doing . thanks for the tips (: this was wonderful and refreshing . thank you (: infps might be called that sometimes , but we're still rational or logical . i often try to think things through , think about it rationally . detach myself and my feelings so i can understand what the ... '