' entp is pretty first-ish for me lol . but entps do have an exciting look typically so this might as well be a compliment that i'll take . esxp 8w7 this probably got accidentally skipped ; infp and isfj tmlt to get pissed off with natal chart astrology and people who're really into it and telling others who their ideal soulmate will inevitably me when they don't ask for it but are ... ixfj sounds so aux fe to me . killing me softly with her words . i prayed that she would finish - - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qj2WaB2ga0&ab_channel=Proximity this song personally ... ditto . i see a lot of se . gonna go with se-fi , so esfp . curious about what i give off with my default face . retook this cause i was 1 ) bored 2 ) curious to see what i'd get again since i see more and more feedback pouring in over here and i figured , ' let me give it a shot ' . got intj . 5w6 entp 5w6 esfp esfp your george smiley quote picks and overall admiration of him makes me think you have fi and either ne or se that's strong ( can't tell apart between the 2 with what little i have to work with ) , but ... exfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv64iYmEKN4&index=276&list=PL44SixpzrZWh0SfBCGv1S6SNIXOKe2ZAw&ab_channel=PetitBiscuit ( ( i advice that you don't skim this song too much if you're going ... xnfp , leaning infp for this one . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjgoTzMNV8c&index=5&list=PL44SixpzrZWh0SfBCGv1S6SNIXOKe2ZAw&ab_channel=Proximity jackobuss i can't help but think ti , low fe and kinda torn on whether ne or se ? i'll go with entp for you cause at first glance you seem like one . - - - sooo , i'mma just gonna go ahead and do ... ^ looks very se + fi and sx / so over there . joethebull i meant can someone who's participated earlier post another photo lol . i also see a sort of an enfp in the ne-te focus vibe from you . can someone go again ? it's been a while and i wonder if i give off a different vibe now . i also noticed that my default face is quite different from my ' ready to take my own selfie ' face and i kinda ... thanks for the compliment ! i can honestly say the same to you too :) actually , you look a lot like amanita caplan from sense 8 , it's a netflix series . turi hmm , i get fi , ni and se vibes from ... ^ nothing but thieves is pure gold . personally i'm really into kendrick lamar's element , i like this much better than humble ( didn't really get the hype with that one ) . this track i think does a ... i'm guilty of often doing it when 1 ) i'm with close friends or people i can crack jokes with 2 ) when i'm really awkward and on a sugar rush ? i hate myself with a burning passion afterwards and try to ... isfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBAzlNJonO8&ab_channel=FeverRay i wanna say anyone who has fi would have been really into this song in their adolescence or will be really into this if they have strong fi . very 3w4 fi . i'm gonna say enfp .   ... fe + so / sx variant af is what this seems to me . i'mma say enfj cause i get more ni vibes from the lyrics than si . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb8WGig0MLU&ab_channel=NuclearBlastRecords istj i feel like someone who really appreciates orchestral pieces and pays attention to the film / show soundtrack details would love this track . the pacing is quite slow , so i feel like the person ... esfp ! this is very se-fi to me especially . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj4iQItsJSY this test is absolute shite when it comes to your actual type . lmao , i used to get intp and now i'm getting entp . dichotmy based tests suck so hard . well , at-least it knows what types i find ... exfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvOXGXlAsac&ab_channel=Adamusic esi-se quick what type is the ' deep ' type exactly ? and thank you . it's one of my all-time favourite images on the internet too . wisteria i see heaps of fi from that , that's for sure . ixfp leaning ... entj enfp @ jonneh 1 . i've seen se-doms talk about this pretty often , even more than fe doms . 2 . fi 3 . well , that sort of thing reminds me of ni and how ni users talk , especially if it's tertiary or ... entp well i know how you define si in general by now and that you are referring to carl jung's stuff here for sure , but i was trying to find out how you actually see / define low se or more specifically , ... been longer than a week but fuck it ; gender : unspecified ( i'm no apache helicopter , i can say that for sure ) age : 25-35 ( smh ) intelligence : superior ( k ) idea adoption : conservative ( incorrect ) ... how do you differentiate se and si ? besides one random person in an argument who said i was more likely to be istj than intp around last year , you're basically the only other person who has seen ... wisteria thank you for your time , that was interesting . i am fairly confident i suck at si , but i'm curious - which parts specifically gave you the si indication here ? ideally i'd actually like ... 1 ) these are links of two different photographs . what is your interpretation of each image ? what comes to mind when you view the photographs ? which one do you prefer and why ? 1st ... people have had that discussion before , and evidence suggests typing based on functions works better . i really don't want to have this discussion here and now and waste pages here , but you're free to ... dichotomy in my opinion is a terrible way for typing and if that was the best case , there's no point in this thread at all . most people tend to look at dichotomy and mistype or come up with ... i was thinking he had auxiliary se . isfp or istp , and then third option was an unhealthy intj but that just seemed off to me too , especially because i myself just got out of a loop a while ago .  ... so i've been trying to type this person i've met recently and he insists on being an intj because he took a bunch of tests ( dichotomy based ) that scored him as such , then he mentioned taking a test ... i listen to it cause of anxiety issues and when i have trouble sleeping ( which is often ) . i don't really get ' tingles ' as people often try to say they get with asmr ? maybe i've got a shiver like a ... i get a lot of fi from you , and maybe some ne from 5 ) . so infp ? this isn't me particularly but a person who doesn't have an account and i'm curious what other people would say since i've been ... mother : esfj father : esxp ( with his family he can never talk about his emotions , personality , desires , and is very distant . tries to lecture people about discipline and all but he's so terribly ... 459 sp / sx 688370 there are plenty of non-ntj people around who've dated intjs and will often remark the intj had given a lot for the relationship . what's the point of being in a relationship if we don't find it ... gender : male ( lol nah ) age : 18-26 ( yeah , in that range ) intelligence : gifted ( prolly right ) idea adoption : conservative ( incorrect ) mbti personality profile : infj ( bruh an intp made fun of my ... i'm intj , your chose enxp twice , then entj twice for me . i don't understand how it keeps on thinking i'm an extrovert . i'll retake this again and post my result again , but i have a feeling i'll be an ... '