' i was into disassembling electric toys and using the parts to build nonsense machanisms and circuits just for the sake of it . i also used to take my encyclopedia to bed to read before sleeping , each ... yes , it can be , professionally speaking ( after all intps are a bit of underachievers ) , however intps develop strong interest for these areas in a personal level and would self-teach themselves , with ... i moved cities 4 times in my life , my family was disfunctional , and i had some little bullying , however i was a bit more extroverted and very rebellious , i had tons and tons of laughs as a child and ... dear istps , thanks for siding with us intps in debates . http://daniarnaout.com/sites/default/files/Blog%20pics/new%20PC/hd_computer_guy_meme_by_zapgod16-d4t2jh3.png i'm intp and alright , i also know about the social akwardness , however i never had the trapped in my body experience . i think ne helps us to break the ice with some good ad-hoc comment or ... i have a degree in political science . and i work in a political consultant office . however society , jobs , professional life , politics , etc , it's all a silly and shallow game to me . to me it's more ... yes , specially when i realize everyone are too stressed , worried , or excessively tied to manners and customs . it's like a rebellious way to say hey everyone , things can be different ! fuck you ! bye ! nice inputs . the most satisfying thing about being an intp , in terms of social interactions , is when we can make a point , a strong , deep , incisive point , and everyone seems to agree , like you've ... so , we share aux and terciary functions , we're not super different , except for the ti and fi as different primary functions . infps i know are mostly females , and aren't too talkative ( however they do ... place somewhere a device or something cool that will call his attention ... like something intellectually challenging , something that will stimulate his curiosity . don't be there , ignore him , until he ... dad estp mum isfj bro isfp being the only xnxx is torture . tell you more , all my uncles , cousins , etc are xsxxx . everyone are s . so freaking down to earth . so freaking tapes unable to come ... i mostly dress desaturated green , ochre , and black . a bit of autumn mood i guess . i hardly ever sparking colors . never ever yellow . nor blue . red perhaps . the way an intp thinks , summarized : it's pretty much like a trunk and branches and subranches and as soon as you grow leafs and fruits and key subranches you make sure they all connect alltogether in ... also , i'd like to add , your thoughts take over your views , conscious behaviours , and inconscious behaviours . you can even notice it subtle language cues , and people will treat you like that . pesimism ... i'm pessimist in the short term , optimistic in the long run ... i'm hard wired to be like that because my childhood and teenage years were very good ... full of expectations and enthusiasm ... as i've ... http://i475.photobucket.com/albums/rr112/nahuel_89p/ajrGVQG_700b_v1_zpsbe61ab31.jpg i think that music plays a very particular way on me , though i suspect that it might be related to intpness . just a few points , let's see if you feel related to some of these : - i'm really ... imagine all the infps posting threads in peace ... yuhuu hu .. the internet is taken by ins . what the fuck where ins doing before internet ? and yes , only an intp to open a thread like this :P . interesting , too bad i closed the excel sheet without saving . it would be good to add that data . the order is alike . so , i was measuring the number of pages in each subtype forum , compared it to the population distribution of mbti types and came to conclusions . here's the table so you can see it by yourselves . ... my group is whoever wants to have beer , weed and party in the weekends . the way i see it , it will be better for you to discover the roots of your problem . when did it start happening ? what was happening at that thime ? were you into some type of stress ? is it related to ... perhaps you were already an intp ever since that relationship was doomed due to your core intpness . i myself thought i was emotional at a moment , it was doomed to fail , it was a naiv intp sense of ... intp taurus 25 y / o bear in mind that people that matched your predictions will be more likely to submit here , call it surprise effect ( omg you guessed me right how did you know ) . ha . that can ... completely . some intps strive for being better , some others for being different . i believe it's a rebel way to prove to the world that things can be different , can be done differently . intps ... your point is valid . it's a possibility . but my intuition tells me that the solution is outside the mind . we've been used the mind over and over and we failed . i think there can't be balance inside ... what do you mean ? i'm not sure i understood , my english is pretty average . specially the unfinished project part . conceptually speaking , can you conceive a syntethical method of personal ... a variant here : i sometimes try to be the best . i read , somewhere , that intps are always into secret contests with people , regarding skills , etc . i definitely can relate to that . but since i don't ... i've been smoking weed lately , and it was for the better , maybe because i learnt ( or im learning ) that thinking is not the always the way to go . so i use it to put music , have a laugh with friends , ... that's the attitude , i'm on it as well . it's funny how every day gives you little chances to do that necessary things . i personally don't take big steps , i'm more likely to take little steps every ... hi . i never reached to such level of uneasiness , but i can relate to it at a proto-development level . the way i'm learning to see it : the more you don't speak your mind emotionally ( and listen ... when coming up with a check mate is the hardest part in a chess game ... when you are either completely oblivious of the enviroment , or hopelessly hyper-aware of a tense situation , acumulating ... photography ne and ti https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3683/12534278505_d103c39c51_c.jpg https://farm3.staticflickr.com/2838/13886098603_c3ee4ec055_c.jpg ... i made this thread so you can freely post your thoughts on how the many cognitive functions ( alone or coupled ) are translated in real life activities . for example : being dj at a rave : fe-ne ... i also enjoy it . sometimes , when i'm publicly breaking a rule , i do it with a weird determination , self confidence , and even arrogantly . i feel like i'm expressing to the world something like : ... when it's your birthday , you don't announce it , coworkers realize about it , decide to throw a cake-lunch at the office and suddenly you are the center of attention , against your will . however you ... i always laughed big at the mexican spiderman that falls at a kid birthday party https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwptke_Ha4k infj i'd say . istj is for south east asians , i suppose . argentinians are too messy and don't care about rules ... i'm argentinian btw . things are actually more complex your theory doesn't explain a , b , c cases if your statements are true , then a should be b [ hyperbolic failure sample ] you are missing the fact that ... didn't read the whole thread ( definitely will do ) , but i think i can make a point here . i feel related to many statements dropped here . i would like to add however one brief idea , regarding ... have you tried wikipedia journeys ? also try to get on abstract insights on systems ( cosmos , earth , ecosystems , society , economy , culture , etc ) . also , find an aspect of the world that you are ... you guys are dropping lines i feel related to . i hate it when there is this mega extrovert douchebag wanting to be the center of attention ( and succeeding about it ) all throughout the meeting ... real life visual ? two mirrors you actually want to experience some analogous thing only with your senses ? try with shrooms , acid , dmt ( just kidding ) i picked 6 and didn't fit . argentina : people expect you to be extrovert , outgoing , talkative , mainstream . that's my only extrovert trait . it even has conditionals . in any case i'm an ambivert . but that's not possible either . i look for it after many days of chillin solitude . i totally agree with the ... i read that intps prefer one to one situations , but that's not my case . i usually get energy from group situations . specially when it's people i already know a lot ( or at least very non-douchebag ... i usually have what could be called utopias ... they're like very abstract and moody scenearios of me in some distant future of joy , fullfillness and relaxation . bliss . these scenarios aren't ... '