status , ? we are still experiencing all of the issues . all set now : here's to the new name . woohoo . ow yeah . let's go . fu-un . al ... right ...  ... man , only f * cking intps in here , i'm bored . if i admitted to my friends my liking of this song , then the old ' wait , could nipnip be gay ? ' discussion would be reinvigorated . it is the chorus of this song that makes the fibers in my brain stand ... hm , too much of anything becomes tiring . as an introvert , i get ridiculously tired of being too isolated . so yes , the opposite should be true for extraverts as well - some things just are basic human ... what does this mean ? if you mean ' woke ' as in aware / present , then why is it not the other way around ? meh , your statements is correct , but it comes down to their se if you ask me ( i . e . not te ) . the same goes for the other nj types . you seem to be quite rare , female istps . i suspect one of the employees of my local grocery store to be one however . i find her attractive , partly because of her istp-ness perhaps . so i started ... ho-ho , i am not . i may be depressed , i don't know ( i definitely struggle with energy issues and a severe imbalace of some of the neurotransmitters in my brain ) , but i mentioned that i am actually ... https://i.giphy.com/media/YjeC4cv003kBi/200_s.gif i've been eating kitty all this time .. ? since we are in the lounge area ( i . e . we can safely pretend to be high ) , which is more cannibalistic : man eating chicken , or cats eating chicken ? yeah , getting tired of the plan right after execution . that tends to happen ... cooome skittles skittles , cooome skittles skittlescat . actually , don't . see it as an exercise to try something more challenging . after all , your professor approved of it so there is no need to change it - in the end you are still in it for the grades . ... it's a shitty title overall i feel like , regardless of the typo . this odd sentence bothers me every time i look at it , so we better pick a new title if this thread is planning to stay on the front ... oh , i was thinking this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmFFTkjs-O0 99 to 1 ? ! ... sorry sorry , i mean , 99 to 1 ? ? dude ... that's a steal man . hell yeah . woo-oh , i'm gonna get laid . honestly your stuff reminds me of marc maron - but better . yes , your writing was exquisite . and i now know not to trust shady looking parakeets asking for a lift . tapping season ? ain't nothing to tap but the maple of ma desk . i wanna be in a group of intps that is crowdfunded for , essentially , being ourselves and doing nothing . at least , ' doing nothing ' in the sense that none of our activities are obligatory . and the ... but we really are , right ? from an objective point of view , my life is one gigantic mess . i am failing on numerous key criteria that generally measure one's quality of life . here is a list of the first things that come to ... what does gender have to do with this ? an intp's emotions are plain and simple . dominant feelers - such as infps and enfjs - on the other hand , they have a vast set of emotions that the intp never even knew existed . so when you put two ... a looot more drama . i am 100 % with you here . i find his behavior very strange . i don't really have an answer to your situation . but this , and the entire post , and how you care about him in a way that benefits the ... too easy for this god . yeah , you gotta turn them on manually . toggle the subtitle-symbol left to settings and window resolution . book title : 714354 7143 62 it does make memorable belgian comedy : ' den draad ' ( in de gloria , 2001 ) . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNAExt46pNQ you are once again proving your worth as the extended-me . yes , like nashvols mentioned , the likes on my profile's ' likes received ' page has always counted more than the number displayed in my ' stat bar ' . that's just a curious fact , not an issue . more of ... rain on my face . because it quiets my mind . robin williams ! ( wrong again ... jk , of course i meant ben afleck . ) 2 out of 59 . what . there is no way haha . as for me , i would not consider myself a smoker for lighting one up every after every x amount of weeks . the ' occasional ' is a legit third category imo . yeah this game is too murica-sided . get involved in the scene . and if you are good enough , people will start contacting you . make yourself noticed - be communicative , friendly and funny - but most of all : speak with your mouse . getting out of turkey is quite a struggle ... https://i.ytimg.com/vi/yo16xnXQB4E/hqdefault.jpg clickbait you say you are in a better place but i think you are mostly bluffing yourself . or at least trying to convince / get used to a naive mindset that will wear off after an x amount of time . ( similar to ... hey there , people , i'm int brown they say i'm the cutest p in town my brain is fast , my soul is shiny i tell all the nfs they can kiss my rationality here i am at a famous forum i'm not dressin ' ... fine , i'll add it to my watchlist . probably never gonna get through just like the other twenty-odd i wanna watch but never do . at least , not before i get out of this before sunrise , - sunset and ... yes , absolutely . we likely ' feel ' no less than feelers simply because emotions play an integral part in the act of being human . but if one does not identify one's feelings as much , i question whether ... big red flag . you know what i think this whole situation is based on ? uncertainty . you are in a vulnerable position because you feel like you are not in control of the path this romantic ... what an anti-trailer that is . perspective . school is an imperative phase that may seem rough and all - because it is all there really is at this point in your life , and your personality is developing - but realize that the issues ... i had something very similar at my aunt's funeral . i never felt the sensation to cry throughout the entire ceremony , except at the very end during some chant that got everyone involved . it was the ... i have mimicked other people's laughs in the past after spending too much time with them . so it is definitely something dynamic in many ways , but perhaps it always evolves back to some sort of ... i do find songs in foreign languages ( e . g . french or german ) quite charming though . they are exclusive , as the following prove , and perhaps we should not take this feature away from them .  ... because english is the dominating language in the western culture . ( asia has their own music industry with songs in their language ( s ) , and so does latin america and the arabic nations in africa . ) so ... thanks for pointing this out . i did not like all of the songs actually , but some of them were quite nice discoveries from a band with a great historic repertoire . this paradox bugs me too actually . so , sharing false information is worse than sharing correct information . we all agree on this , we all worship this logic . but what this preference does not take ... oh people don't sing songs anymore . all about dem lyrics .