' people attempt to label anything as a disorder now . this is not a disorder , it's simply a preference . i would add that it's a preference held by the majority of people ( myself excluded ) . i am ashamed . but it's not how women are . it's how people are . and i'm not going to shy away from making a comment like that to a woman just because of someone else's mistaken stereotypes . : but i'm ... so , , you're saying i'm supposed to like what she likes and participate in that with her ? that makes a lot of sense , but i just wanted to make sure i understood you correctly . oh , and ... thanks for the insight , no thanks on the examples . she hates cheese : tongue : also , just to clarify , it's not that i want her to change fundamentally who she is . i like who she is ... from what i've seen so far . that's the problem . i want to see more . i'm letting her in , and ... wow . i had no idea my question would spark such a discussion . i'm glad it did , however . i'm learning a lot . i think it's a mix of 1 and 2 , although i also tell her all the time that i'm proud of ... if female intj's are so hard to find , why have i found so many helpful ones here ? ; 0 ) lilysocks my apologies , didn't mean to offend . i simply meant that i don't like being the one constantly having to deal with my emotions ( which , if i remember correctly , is scientifically proven to ... : now that you mention it , she does tend to shrug it off when i call her beautiful , and she hates when i call her cute , even though i mean it when i say both things . i hate low ... basically , i just don't like feeling like the girl in our relationship : tongue : how can i get an intj girl to talk more and open up to me more ? my girlfriend is an intj , and i feel like something is wrong with me when she won't tell me what she thinks or how she feels about ... probably the 8 enneatype . and i find intj girls to be kind of difficult at times . maybe i'm alone in thinking that ? i need an entp woman ... sigh ... zoidberg is a character from futurama . if you have not seen the show , then that is all you need know . in other words , love > sex , right ? what about if you're in a group of 10 , and only one person wants to do a certain thing ? would all the dissenting enfj's just go along with it ? we should make a club for everyone who took this test , and got a result other than what we knew ourselves to be . well , if you're willing to fly , i could share : wink : kaleidoscope i've had conversations like that with an enfp before , where i was the flaky / impulsive one ! you know what i admire about you ? you're not afraid to just be you . that's gonna take you places . i think i am going to start defining myself as both entp and enfp , so here's a pic of me with my intp best friend . he's awesome , and he's like a brother to me : smile : 82287 i am an enxp ( i got heavily enfp on a test recently , ask if you wanna know more ) , and sometimes i feel like people think i'm mentally retarded because of how i laugh , when i laugh , and what i laugh ... 69 % enfp 7 % entp 7 % intp 5 % infp 3 % esfp 82286 fern : why zoidberg ? ? ? 80918 in other news , i too am falling victim to an enfj's charm . i think she's actually bringing a little bit of shadow se out of me , which i don't mind . we'll see where it goes . exactly right . furthermore , i am becoming increasingly aware that there is no such thing as the perfect girl , at least as far as physicality goes . i'm pretty sure the same thing goes for the ... odd ... you probably figured out from my post , i sometimes feel defective outside . ne vs ni ? male vs female ? or simply a personal difference ? the world may never know ... geez , put the claws away . i think it's actually an n thing to want to be liked more for what's on the inside than what's on the outside , but i know personally , i'm confident that my inside is good ... you went on the wrong section of craigslist , didn't you ? meh , it might have just been the words and expressions he uses that gave me that impression . plus his obsession with hugh laurie : tongue : but like you said , i don't know him as well as he does . seriously . douchebag level is over 9000 . insanityremix : wut . warweasel : for some reason , i had the impression you were from the uk or australia ( i forget which ) . is there american football in high schools there , or are you talking about ... out of curiosity , who is that in your avy ? freezeframe : i decided to look at your profile to see if your avy was actually you , because that's a lot of freckles . saw your profile pic , and my jaw dropped . you're pretty : tongue : * hugs everyone in the thread * because all the cool kids are doing it . haha what ? i'm the biggest land animal ? i'm faaat ! : blushed :: crying : warweasel nah . i love my parents . so , i've got something to ask you all , and i think you can help me . i have this brother , right , and before he got into mbti , i had him pegged as an xstj . a lot of ... 79748 that is all . our stereotypical mate is infj , but any type can fall for any other type . 79747 ningsta ! you got motm ! ! ! : happy :: kitteh :: laughing :: angry :: proud :: shocked :: cool :: tongue :: crazy :: wink :: ninja : hawt . srsly , a girl who can let her hair down and have an exuberant and foolish amount of fun is so attractive to me . don't take it personally . a lot of people just might not know what to say . nf's have very strong opinions , and while it's awesome to come off so strong , it can also kind of stun people . take their ... * tackle-hugs ningsta * i feel like depressed people are at least somewhat controlling anyway . it's all about the insecurity . my enfp wasn't as aggressive about it than other xxfp's i know , but i know that if she had her ... saki , you're stunning : happy : yeah , i would never date another xxfp ( at least not on purpose ) without her being really healthy . not only because my most recent relationship ( enfp ) ended up basically temporarily ruining my life , ... 77821 for you : happy : i've found it goes the other way sometimes too , faux . some nf's just expect other people to cater to them and be extra sensitive , just because they're nf's . screw that , i treat everyone like a ... '