' me too ... but sometimes it works . but i keep forgetting it d ) . no , seriously : it only works when i do it purposefully , because when i start rambling it's mostly too late to stop it . and that's even more recognisable . i can't handle too much people on one day . even if i keep it superficial . it's exhausting . but you can practise it . once somebody told me in the middle of an ... ha ha , d ) . that's so recognisable ! and i did today , and she understood and it helped :) ) and i did today , and she understood and it helped :) ) try this one : how about trying to like yourself ? it works for me ( at least sometimes ;) yeah i think my boss is willing to allocate me to a more suitable role , but only to a certain degree i think . it's time to talk about it with her . just keep on rambling please , it really comforts me . i recognise a lot , for example about being buried in details and can't handle it . my boss said to me you have to do more with less . right now i'm ... don't know if there's any comfort in this , but i so totally understand by being frozen inside . i feel the same at the moment and i think your right about the dealing with the emotional stress . it's a ... the weird thing is that when i let go i become highly uninterested and not caring about anything anymore .. i really envy you . i feel totally disconnected but it's not okay . definively not . i play my part and nobody knows how miserable i am . today an 8 , tomorrow 5 . depends on my mood and degree of anxiety ... well , i certainly do not . but i tend to lean toward enfp ... and as someone else said : we can be quite lonely . the giving thing can be quite exhausting btw , esp . when there is little returning back ... : crazy : today i felt totally frustrated . instead of doing the nice part of my job ( connecting with people , inspire eachother and giving ) i had to work at home whole day filling out excellsheets , doing ... close your eyes : i give you a soft pillow to lay your head on that takes all the noises away . let it all go :) . your beautiful avatar shows so much colour , you have so much to give , it's only ... ok . well put ! and i agree . ? ? intriguing , bit a bit scary ;) . does make me curious though . the stupid thing is that you kind of expect a reward the next day , but today started again with anxiety :( . guess it's all part of the process ... btw : i'm curious about the meaning your avatar . thank you so much :) ) . you're absolutly right about the mental gain . and that it doesn't take long . you just don't realize is when you're in the middle of an anxiety attack . today i totally flipped ; ... question : i agree that i have to take it at a pace i can handle ( small steps ) , but what's a small step ? i always seems ( without intention ! ) take steps to for too big ( talking about it too much , ... i wasnt totally sure yet if i am an enfj but now i read this i must be ! it's certainly harder to figure out what i want then figure out what other people want . you have to love yourself first though , ... hi again , i recognize a lot . as a matter of fact : everything . the fear itself ( for me : that i will be this way for the rest of my life and if that's so , i don't want to live ) is the worst part . and ... you certainly have a point in that the anticipation of trying triggered the panic attack ( s ) ! thank you for that insight . and also thanks for your remarks about that basically all techniques are the ... hi happy about nothing , i try not to fight ; that's the whole point of this strategy , not fight , flight or freeze but accept ! accept is one of the most difficult things for me to do because it makes ... today was a shitty day because i tried the aware ( see : overcoming panic attacks : a five step response ) approach more than 20 times to overcome my anxiety attacks . yeah , that's the plan : you have to ... pff , this is heavy . i'm an enfj and i certainly recognise emotional explosions like this ( and the apologizes aftewards ) . when i snap , my boyfriend reacts mostly calm and logical and in the beginning ... agree ! sometimes a emotional outburst can be quite effective . but certainly not all the time ;) :) ) ) here ' s another one 79969 thanks , this means a lot to me :) . i give so much to other people , and experience so little giving from other people . is really comforts me ! more pictures you can find on my blog anxiety girl ( my ... thanks . we are together for almost 30 years now , so there must be something good ;) . no seriously : we do have the same taste in an lot of things like films ( and i do like a film once in a while , but ... well , i'm an manager , mentor and coach at the moment , so maybe this is the right job for me after all . i like to help people found out what there best at and stimulate them to do that :) thanks . i never find answers rubbish because i always appreciate people for trying . the case is that i only have a few friends and they were all on vacation . i have a job and he doesn't so he is used ... i'm curious : what kind of job fits an enfj ? i totally understand . don't understand me wrong , i have a relationship , but the need to chat privately i do have too . the forum is mostly too overwhelming for me . and as i understand correctly : ... i recognise all of it . mostly i feel / am different from a lot of people around me and this forum really comforts me . an issue i'm working on is to speak out loud ( say what i have to say ) in groups ... sorry , double post . see other post with quote . i'm somewhere in the middle but i think my anxiety overshadows my e . i'm still not used to being different , for example at work . i need a save environment to speak out loud . i'm curious if you ... hi , my boyfriend is intj and stays 99 % of his time indoors , not needing other people . after almost two weeks of vacation i went beserk . i always have to go out alone , my few friends are not available ... i recognise that ! at work i had an emotional outburst and some people became very quiet ( it's not common to react so strongly ) . afterwards 3 of them came to me say i was so right in every aspect en 2 ... thanks . i'm also a little bit introvert , but i think that's because of my anxiety . my boyfriend feels very underappreciated , but he ( intj ! ) just isn't enough for me now . i don't like to be so ... 79499storms in my head 79498 today was my 6th day without much ( real ) contact with other people it really depresses me . it makes me feel lonely and i think that is because there's nobody to give to . i can easily like and give to ... i recognise being indirect . it's almost imposible for me to say directly what i want or need . simply because i don't know exactly . i'm a giver not a taker ;) , can't that be the explanation ? when we ... be glad that people see how you feel . i can feel shit and ( except my partner because he knows me very well ) and nobody notice . i consider it as a burden that nobody sees anything so they think i'm ... to add to this : sometimes i have serious arguing with my partner because i have compassion for everybody , even when that person has hurt another person badly .. yes that makes sense . when i translate this to my work : i always do things on time , but nobody knows how much stress it causes to do so . i recognise almost all of it ! and about never been angry : i wish i could sometimes ; you can give too much ! the only part i'm not certain about is that when i'm not communicating with people that i ... '