' i can totally relate . i worked at a restaurant on the service side when i was in college . when i was too tired to talk and be over the top friendly i would just smile and take their orders instead of ... wtf is with all these zombie threads appearing out of no where ? fe doesn't care about gender , just development . that being said , fe is usually developed quicker in female intps due to exogenous forces . do you want a job ? or a career ... ? ^ ^ same . what is the craziest close call you've had ? step 1 ) ne step 2 ) ti / si step 3 ) ti / si step 4 ) ti / si step 5 ) ti / si step 6 ) ti / si repeat i like hanging out with fe doms . where did te fall ? please tell me she said yes . when you're at the bar and listening to a friend vent and have nothing to say in response .. until you go take a piss and process everything in ti - then you come back with insightful life changing ... i secretly crave a profound connection to other human beings . not in an addictive way but in a sustenance way . if i don't connect with someone once every other week , i tend to feel boxed in and ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/0.999 ... good read for anyone involved in this discussion . what is this nonsense ? especially not in the mathematics . very cool - thanks for sharing . i bet they taste delicious too . do you have have a compost pile that you use to fertilize the soil ? is it hard to maintain your garden ? how much crop does it yield ( let's say in meals per year ) . i've always wanted to start a garden but i'm worried i won't have time to maintain it . lol - how did that get there ? assume . 999 .. ! = 1 then 1 - . 999 .. ! = 0 then . 000 ... ! = 0 ( the 1 at the end of . 000 ... 1 does not matter as you never reach it . ) this is a ... right - we can argue if it's a disorder in itself . but the question is that do individuals with p qualities have the similar structures in the frontal cortex as people with executive functional ... first link is awesome . the writer mentions something about over analyzing mbti functions and trying to define them instead of thinking about them as a consequence of some underlying cause . i've ... yes , but 95 % of the people you meet in the world are ultimately shit that brings you down with them . it's important to be selective and be around people who , in net , elevate you in one way or another . plz - someone tldr this ho . lol - you're a fucking sociopath . dawg , we've all seen your pics . you're handsome . don't try to hide it . do i think i'm physically attractive , no . i know i'm physically attractive . by the way , what is the difference between ... i think that's the problem . i noticed most people i meet have no desire to become skilled at something . this doesn't really make sense to me . i don't think a single function can really act on it's own . they all interact with one another at almost all times . the way you described te sounds like te in ... ok cool . i must not have understood correctly . i thought you were saying ti does not understand the consequences when te does . i do a cost benefit analysis with every decision i make - even if the ... why is the cost benefit portion a te thing ? no . unless it's important . i'm touchy too . but i grew up in a household where my mother was always punching me ( playfully ) to express affection . plus to me - it is way easier than expressing affection through worlds . i don't ... i hate it when a roll of toilet paper is hung so the paper is rolling away from you as you pull it . i always try to fix it so the roll is rotating towards you as you pull . dude - this sounds terrible . i do miss people but i don't think about it for more than a few seconds at a time . thinking about something that you know is going to come just to mentally / emotionally ... this all sounds arbitrary to me . i never understood why anyone would think intj > intp . i would quit as well . my iq is above average but i have adhd . i've tried medication in college and i became a beast until i ran out . i've been meaning to talk to a psychiatrist about getting a prescription but i keep ... i'm someone who always asks if people want to try my food . it makes sense to me from a utility perspective . why wouldn't you want to know what this dish tastes like ? unless you already know what it ... apparently , intps are drawn to complex music - jazz , classical , even some types of metal . this was true for me , but now i listen to almost everything that is good . i'm a musician though so it's ... guys ! shhh ! you'll scare the op away ... and i'm in the mood for a good roast . i see it , there .. in the distance ! a debate over concrete vs . abstract . i think because most intps have some form of executive functioning disorder . yeah , you guys might be right about him being an intj . as to why you would care about him ... all i have to say is , w0w . yeah , there are some super wealthy intps like james simon and elon musk . live because i expect my life to be fucking awesome in a few years . also i need to stay alive to help and protect some peeps that i care about . but i've had times in my life where i was indifferent ... yep , well that killed my curiosity . what is your twin's mbti ? i usually don't do anything . but if i do go out i will use and abuse the but ... it's my birthday ... excuse to get people to do my bidding .. muahaha are you dead and have been stuffed in a freezer for 10 years ? does the freezer have power ? if so what is the temperature set to ? do we believe in zombies ? do we believe in zombies that are ... how are you doing career wise ? '