' probably , yes . kiss : isfj marry : istp bed : istj estp , entp , esfp . likely . i'm pretty sure that nobody is going to question your type with that username , the stereotypes surrounding estjs and your statement about not changing your type , but maybe someone does show up , lol . kiss : isfj marry : infj bed : intj esfj , istp , intp watching the sun rise as i think about my life . i didn't sleep today . probably , yes . okay , my memory is not that great either , arguing about the characters ' types would be pointless anyway , haha . slightly better than yesterday . turi just read the description for iei-infp ( equivalent to mbti's infj ) and see if you can relate . i read the descripton for ili and it totally resonated with me , see if it's the same case for you ... krayfish isn't type 5 like super introverted ? i've read quite a bit about it because it's the type that i identify with the most , and type 5w4 seems more introverted to me than 4w5 , because type 4 ... kiss : istp bed : estp and entp ( why not ) entj , enfp , estp tough one , i haven't had many good experiences with those three types , lol . kiss : esfj marry : estj ( probably going to divorce soon ) bed : esfp isfp , isfj , istj . geez , your lust for entps is never-ending . kiss : enfp marry : infj bed : entp enfj , infp , intp . kiss : intp marry : intj bed : istp entp , entj , estp . i seem and feel more sensitive than all of my thinker friends , so i'd say that intj can be the most typically sensitive among thinkers . as for feelers , i honestly don't know . perhaps esfps , ... mick travis why do you use such nightmare-inducing pictures as your avatar ? the person above me ( ms . athena ) is 100 % certified to be intj . prerequisites what age range are you in ? i'm going to turn 20 years old in a month . any disorders or conditions we should know about ? i've suspected to have social anxiety and depression . i know it's just meaningless internet points , but it's bothering me how inaccurate the numbers are . also , i want to get rid of this progress bar . wondering if my post count will ever go back to normal . terribly bored , no perspective of what to do today . same , and i usually don't get attached easily either . my feelings are kind of all-or-nothing on this matter ; if i do get attached to someone , i really get invested in them , but if i don't , then it's ... i have no idea of what you're going through , but i hope things get better for you . my mood today went from good to really down , then to good again . i wish i was more consistent . same . stathamspeacoat i'm glad your avatar is back , it's one of my favorites . kiss : istj marry : infj bed : enfp estj , intp , infp . now that you said it , it does make sense for him to be intj . i watched that show long ago , so my typing is not exactly that accurate . but what do you think of the other characters ' types ? yeah , i know , that's why i try to make sure that i'm definitely not trying to insult them or something like that . they know that i'm not one to tell lies or half-truths , i'm a pretty straightforward ... yeah , i understand that . it drives me a bit nuts , though , lol . i feel like pushing them against a wall and saying just snap out of it ! , but i'm aware that's not how things work . i am being myself , i only act happy ( it's not really happy , just ... i'm fine , i guess ) when it comes to my own problems , usually . and i listen , and i give advice too when i can . i might be a bit ... i'm usually battling against my own demons too , so i can't act happy around them a lot ... i like to be honest with them . yes , i do it too . like red magician said , the negative emotions are there in your subconscious anyway , so it's better to let them emerge than continue to unconsciously repress them . surprise , i'm actually your father . almost all of my friends seem to be going through some kind of depression at the moment , and i don't like that at all . i'm angry at myself for not being able to help them that much . i believe that introverted feelers ( ixfx ) in general tend to be enneagram 9 the most , and ti-doms for some reason . but there's not enough evidence to support this ( as always ) . wouldn't that be because we are in the mbti forum ? here , it shows his type right under his name . haha , i'm going to change my name now ( hell no ) . i'm not fully convinced yet . i have very weird dreams from time to time . today i dreamed that i and my friends were vampires , it was pretty awesome . yes , i've never doubted your type before . shiki toshio ozaki - intp seishin muroi - infj kyouko ozaki - esfp natsuno yuuki - intj tooru mutou - isfj megumi shimizu - esfp kaori tanaka - isfj basically tumblr . i wish i could understand my relationship with my feelings better . i either find them fascinating and want to indulge in them , or icky and want to get away from them as fast as possible . there's no ... yeah , it's weird , it's like people want it to happen . they have no idea of how truly terrible a war is , i guess . surprise me , then . but not too much . i'm safe , then ... for now . am i feeler already ? sure , i never lose an opportunity to hug random internet strangers . but i'm afraid of catching feelings if i hug a feeler , that would be a bit troublesome . '