' you have every right to be territorial . it's weird that she links up this letter to the alumni page and wherever else on the internet ... is she trying to make her lust go viral ? she needs to move ... i would go to switzerland . i would like to get a phd in clinical psych / neuropsych i would be extremely annoyed 99 % of the time , but at the end of the day it's the loving kind of annoyance since they're family . and also little kids are fascinating to me , i love watching them think ... 1 . physician / surgeon ( yea frickin right ! like that's ever going to happen ! ! ) 2 . sales manager ( how about no , my brief and horrendous stint in retail more than a year ago traumatizes me until this ... sometimes i like to be emotion-less . like a robot . it's so much more easier that way . i want to visit all of those places ! ! ! each and every single one of the above posts has somewhat of an image of me plastered all over it , and i thank you all for the great advice . it seems that the solution is acceptance . i should ... i had gelato today . stupidest invention ever by the way . and i hate the mall . like , why ? why do you go about walking around surround yourself with all of these images of what your supposed to ... a mix of : http://fiftieswedding.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/audrey-hepburn-breakfast-at-tiffanys.jpg http://0.tqn.com/d/movies/1/0/U/d/W/black-swan-natalie-portman-photo5.jpg ... you don't even know who you are . and no , xntj does not cut it . hmmm as a girl , i don't think what you wrote was that baad ! ! ! one of my good friends told me that the number one biggest fear for a typical guy ( beside getting their balls chopped off while ... let me use my powers to connect the dots of what you just said : ahem , you like icky stinking terrible jackasses ? totally normal , for an entp i mean . always lowering your standards and all , i don't ... you know , romance is beautiful . just a couple of days ago i was thinking to myself oh here we go , valentines day is coming up , such a cheesy useless fake holiday of showing someone you love them ... irritating because you contribute :P well i think that what he meant by that ( and it's only a guess ) is that whatever opportunity or chance that life gives you , approach it with the intention of leaving a positive impact on whatever ... * above post assumes i am good * ... plan.is.working . emotionless weasel . you're just boring . how do i study ? by procrastinating . in all seriousness , i hate to have distractions , but classical music seems to keep me focused . what about not being a complete arrogant jerk when communicating for once ? oooh i forgot to mention that funeral director is an interesting job for an infj . always wondered what that would be like as an experience . one of my best friends parents were working as funeral ... my friends said that they can see me as a nurse , and another one said that i have good written skills ( in her opinion ) and should become a journalist . i can understand the affinity for law from ... thank you so much ! i also relate to what you said about productivity . for example the enneagram was something that i never really knew about so i decided to search it out on friday and since then ... career possibilities for infj's are very open ended . i don't think that it is the infj-ness of an infj that decides the career but rather the subjective experiences of an infj the mold together with ... thanks for the reply . when i ' indulge ' it too is under the umbrella of laziness and procrastination . i usually indulge in watching too much movies , listening to music , and eating lots of chocolate ... hello all , i just recently discovered that my enneagram type is 4w5 , ( my close second would be 9w1 ) . i know that mostly infp's score as this , just wondering if there are other infj as this type ... i found this on the enneagram sub forum , posted a thread there but if no one happens to read through it or reply i'll post my answers here as well for any enneagram enthusiasts to analyze . i posted ... to make my parents proud of me , accomplish the goals i set out for myself , for their sake , and finalllyyy get awaayyy and have the freedom and resources to ' do my own thing ' know what ' my own ... wtf is a pusillanimous mattoid ? ? holy $ hiyt that took me like 4 seconds to try and read ! ! anyway wasn't hitler infj ? i'm pretty outgoing , therefore talkative especially around my close friends and people i trust . trust is a huge factor , because if i trust someone the more i am comfortable telling them stuff coming ... am i a psychologist / counseler ? no ... but i'm seeing one ? they're pretty cool . i'm thinking of becoming a neuropsychologist though ... no it's not the same . if you hate finance and think ... first you have to assess the situation . do you like who you're socializing with ? what the topic of conversation is ? is the ' moment ' really that important to you , or do you have more important things ... question number one is answered in a very general nonspecific sense . if you want to know more details of where i got my information from , you can google the phrase ' death in islam ' or ' what does ... can any type answer this ? if no , then stop reading this . 1 . from a scientific , observable perspective you stop moving - everything - and you decompose . from a religious one , your soul rips out ... hey , i experience that as well . honestly i think that for us , it just comes in episodes . like this is a phase and it will eventually go away until you're refreshed from it . you're not weak , you ... nooo come back * separation anxiety of infjness * wow really ? it depends on what you find intellectually stimulating , as well as your intelligence level . we may have different opinions on what stimulates our brains , so maybe something that i or ... haha i guess i'm sorry ... that i'm not sorry . flan is good by the way ... nothing disappointing about some good old creme brule . * throws over sherkanner's flan * can i hang out with you guys ? my isfj friend is a neat freak ... so you're good at cleaning and keeping things organized :) ^ awww ! reminds me of a story , when i was in grade 2 or 3 i borrowed a skipping rope from a friend during recess . afterwards i put it in my jacket pocket with the intention that i would return it to ... oh yeah , and there's probably a library of books out there that i have yet to return to the library . faked sick from school more days than i can count . oh and once , i was at a friends house and her ... oh my goodnesss , okay i've done that billions of times during school ! i got caught twice . once while giving an answer to a friend . and again when my math teacher noticed my test and my friends ... heheheh ehheh some of these are hilarious ummm i try not to ' sin ' as much as possible . i really can't think of anything that bad ... i ... i ... i ... have an ... it depends on how well i know them , if they're my family , i'll tell the them the cold hard truth . if they were my friend maybe i will tell it to them in a softer , gentler , guide them to the truth so ... once again , sorry if i offended anyone . i know i sound like a douche . but i just had to say it . and i know that i sound hypocritical that i'm spilling my feeling whilst ranting about how i hate ... i've taken plenty of personality tests , each plenty of times . i've usually scored infj , enfj , intj , entj , and at times infp . but mostly infj . i also relate most to the description of an infj , ... it's all good . i do that sometimes too . i didn't say that she was . i said izzy may have been . '