' i'm scared of rejection , to the point that i won't do something if i think i'll get rejected . unfortunately , i have a habit of convincing myself that i'm not good enough , clever enough , pretty ... fire can be made . i know how to start a fire in the wild . i also know how to make string / rope from bark , how to make animal traps and how to fashion and use a rudimentary bow and arrows . even failing ... dunno where you get that idea from , i rather value my life . don't get me wrong , if i could wrangle it so we'd all get out fine , i would , obviously , but if not , i'm not making any grand sacrifices ... like others , i'm very picky . it's not often that i'll be interested in a guy , and half the time if a guy is interested in me , i'm oblivious to it anyway . i also find ' dates ' really weird and awkward ... i'm an infp and i suppose people expect us to die first . but we're not daft and brainless y'know ! * weapon wise i would choose something multipurpose . an axe , a machete , long knife , something along ... i work in retail currently and i hate it . so draining having to deal with people all day and absolutely having to put up with all their bs with a giant smile on your face . but then i went to ... i get mistaken for an enfp a lot . i don't really think anyone is going by functions though , i'm pretty sure they just go extroverted version of the infp , yep that's you ! except i'm not an extrovert ... yes , totally . seems everyone i know is now settling down , getting married and having babies . and me , well , i'm just floating along , still figuring out what i want to do with my life , trying to work ... although not something experienced by all , it is not unheard of for people to miss or long for something or someone they have never known . like you finding ' shards ' in other people and not knowing ... i get called childlike a lot , although very rarely childish . and i fully get that and accept it as a compliment , even if it's not always meant as one . i also get called naïve pretty often , mainly ... not an infj ( sorry ! ) but had to nip into this thread . right now it seems everyone i know between the ages of 25 and 30 seem to have either become parents , are expecting parents , or are planning for ... then go girl , go ! look up acting groups in your area and go tread those boards 247738 is there an amateur dramatics group anywhere nearby ? i find there's quite often ones in small towns , usually in community centers or churches . even if you're not keen on acting , i'm sure they'd ... 247698 hazardous : toxic to stupid . warning : prone to sudden outbursts of hyperactivity . caution : will wither in too much sunlight . i have nothing to contribute here , i just absolutely had to say inspectordoohickey i love , and when i say love i mean i absolutely adore your avatar . it makes me squee with delight . thank you for ... idealistic , hopeful , optimistic , conflicted , willful . and all these things combined often drive people up the wall : tongue : i'm not on the same planet as everyone else , i've been told all too ... i'm an infp and got istj . wouldn't say i chose the ' worst ' answers though , as i don't think there is a worse answer , it's all individual . i did go for everything that would be the opposite of what ... i wish people would stop assuming that myself , and probably many other infp's are all soft and fluffy and that's it . yes , i try to avoid direct conflict , yes i compromise a lot to make everyone ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-N_y1bZtRw interesting you say that . it's funny because i can see where you're coming from , but as soon as the word religion popped up , all my alarm bells started ringing . you say it means connection , yet for ... as much as i hate myself for it because to me it feels simpering and just so ... girly , i've come to realise i like being rescued and having someone to defend and guide me . i'm so open and enthusiastic ... seems like a lot of people have a weird sense of humour here . i feel kind of left out ! nah not , really , okay maybe a little . my humour veers more towards dry wit , clever puns and good old fashioned ... i would say a good deal of how i behave when drunk has to do with the people i am with at the time . if i'm out with the girls i tend become hyper aware of my surroundings and everyone in it . i've ... infp baboon . aah , the lighter side of the animal kingdom . it takes brains to be quick witted and amusing and the baboon has plenty of them . but , these are also affectionate creatures , and if you ... has me down as cfknr which puts me closest to blue , with a dash of orange . reading the descriptions i do have a lot of traits which blue describes , as well as a healthy amount of orange too . i guess ... hmm this is an interesting one . i think people should work , like thorweeps said , it is good for a person . but at the same time i don't believe people should have to work just for the sake of working ... oh god i caved and did it . results are ... not that surprising really . gryffindor - 13 ravenclaw - 13 hufflepuff - 10 slytherin - 8 griffinclaw ? ravendor ? 1 . music . it feeds my soul . 2 . scary films . 3 . scary things in general . i love me some adrenaline . 4 . thunder storms . 5 . the night sky . i dream a lot , and remember a good few of them . i love my dreams <3 more often than not they're completely fantastical and very vivid . we're talking horses made from falling snow , flying , ... i'm having one of your me too ! moments . never used sign language , but i would talk to them . say hello and stuff . and yeah i guess that's why they make me feel safe , because they put me at ease with ... i'm not sure , but in my case at least it's merely down to not liking small talk . get me involved in a deep and meaningful conversation and i become much more comfortable . it's not words i have issues ... blue , white , silver , purple . red , gold and pink follow . when a character you've conjured up starts chatting away to you in your head and won't shut up until you've put it all down on paper . you end up with a million snippets of their lives , loves and ... i sometimes think i'm crazy , because surely the things in my head can't be normal . they're not bad or harmful , but certainly not normal . but then i think maybe it's the rest of the world that's ... i have this thing where if i can see certain constellations or stars in the sky , i feel perfectly safe , no matter what i'm doing . that shiz is going to get me killed one day : laughing : hmm i wouldn't say i hate people , no . do i find small talk boring and tedious ? yes , hugely so . but i'll find myself listening to it and trying to pay attention to whoever is talking regardless . it ... knew my enneagram type before i even knew i was an infp . 7w6 . pretty uncommon , but then i'm also an hsp / hss and could very easily pass for an enfp too . inside of my head is just ... ugh . i love it , ... '