' that trick is called method of loci , been around since ancient greek and roman . food for thought : method of loci - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia how to build a memory palace ( with sample ) - ... as a career where your wallet's neck depends on it ? i don't know , i'm not sure . scientist do a lot of research . if your parents left you with wayne enterprises or stark industries , then you don't ... maybe i'm still too young for discussing about commitment , marriage , and stuff ( my 20th birthday is still next july ) . but here's my opinion anyway : let's compare long-term commitment and ... is this thread just limited to ' wanted to say ' ? or maybe include ' wanted to do ' ? because we don't have to say everything we want to say . personally i view limit as : 1 . boundaries that meant to be surpassed in order to broaden our horizon . 2 . boundaries that not meant to be surpassed because of some logical reasons . if it's not ... controlling parents , helicopter parents , dysfunctional family , you name it . you're not alone pal , many people around the world are on the same boat , me included . i can relate to your situation , i ... here's the universal answer to your question : 69510 i thought this was comics like marvel or dc comics ... borrow your mother's red drape , grab a hammer , and we're good to go to asgard ... i never heard someone referring themselves as underachieving . it's more like people around them that label them as underachieving , because ( s ) he don't fulfill their expectation . i like movies , they're better source of entertainment while tv shows here are like sh * t . i've been making a list of every movies i'll watch thorough the year , from january till december . while i ... use that with an eastern asian guy ( chinese , korean , japanese ) photo , that would be perfect . this thread should be tagged as nsfw for containing mild porn content ... they should add video games as addictive substances . depends on what's at stake . if it's for my important ones , i'm willing to do a lot u200bmore than harming ... sushi ? they're more like potato chips , once you dig in , you'll keep going on and on and on ... till either you finish ' em or outside party forces you to stop ... celestial virtue ... the first thing popped in my head : celestials ( race ) - marvel comics database digimon world 3 and harvest moon : back to nature , the game i grew up with . persona 4 , the game that taught me a splice of social life . special mention to need for speed series , resident evil 4 , ... * thinking about having iron man's armors right in front of me this instant * ( 5 seconds later ) nah , i don't have that ability ... myth busted ! if intjs are gods ? or maybe have a godlike powers and ability . your post sounds like intjs are having sort of identity crisis ... does comic books count ? so , i just read this thread > > http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/90465-intjs-not-gods.html and then i began to think , as natural-born planner , what's gonna happen if intjs are gods ? ... love it too , as much as i love seeing a cat staring at candles on the top of a cake . love is sweet ... twice than public executions done in the past , maybe ? after seduced and had sex with them , do you either kill them or eat their head ? relationship , never , not even once . relation-sh * t , twice , those b * tches were just using me to get back to their respective exes . i'm not talking about soybean cultivation , but talking about the making process from soybean become tofu . big tofu making factories produces wastes that is also dangerous for environment . vegan ... i view intjs are more like criminal masterminds or mafia bosses . but if anyone's offering a hitman vacancy ... 68471 is it just me or pro-vegan arguments are sounds so self-righteous ? hey , intj are just caring about what's interesting for them . they're not anti-social , they're just picky . laurie 17 ... at first , i was very shy to speak my mind in front of audiences . then my high school teacher recommended me to join debate club , which improves my public speaking ability - - big time . 9 hours at school ( 7 hours main study time + 2 hours ' special ' class ) with one-way teaching communication , plus with add , i'm rotting in classes . for entertainment i'm always doodling in my binder ... dafuq did i just write : life story of a random guy you don't even know that he's exist . or may be this * my full name as main title * : not going to refund under any circumstances . you don't see people going out in the wild looking for cows and chickens . but , could you see what's gonna happen if we just let cows and chickens just free in the wild ? do you know that they have ... this . eating animal meat is not cruelty , it's just nature circle . imagine if every single person on entire world population are vegan , wouldn't our earth would be full with cows , chickens , and many ... off-topic question : what's with all of these intps sudden appearance in intj subforum ? trying to invade us ? reality warping . why ? why not ? it's awesome ! you can create and alter everything around you with mere thought ! ( quoting the mandarin from iron man 3 trailer ) do you want to have an empty life ... maybe because they're not here for hook up or looking for any kind of sex-related stuff . who doesn't ? ( no offense to gay people ) yeah , but looking for hook up on internet is just ... which one you're referring as ' both ' ? cats and dogs or introvert and extrovert people ? either you guys come out as full-fledged and iso-certified hermits or that singer cat above being on the top on music charts in every known countries around the world and won grammy award song of the ... quoting myself from cat-related thread : thread about intjs views and beliefs on higher power and stuff - - again ! ? i think we already have this kind of thread far too often ... to op : what do you expect and try to achieve from making ... 68258 not sure ( don't really care ) about the legal part , but you can drive this baby like a car and shoot b * tches down like a tank . does it come in black ? we will paint it with any color you ... i'm planning to take aerospace material engineering for master / post-graduate degree . insanity according to merriam-webster dictionary : 1 : a deranged state of the mind usually occurring as a specific disorder ( as schizophrenia ) 2 : such unsoundness of mind or lack of ... if so , can we draw a conclusion that these overly attached people can directly stare at one's soul and doing anything to keep that soul on their possession ? sirius , your avatar reminds me of this ... 68183 i got stiff neck this morning , most likely because my odd and constantly moves sleeping position , been trying to fix it for hours . your photo is landscape view , and i reflexively turned my head and ... dude , i turn 20 this july and i still freak out whenever i'm going to dark places . that , and spiders and cockroaches , and close up insects photographs . one more time , one more chance by yamazaki masayoshi . always make me feels uneasy whenever i turn this on . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqFftJDXii0 tydavis , your photo reminds me to andrew from movie chronicle . the actor name is dane dehaan or something ... and thanks to your pics my stiff neck is back to normal ... '