' if there was one reason i would want to remain an intp , it would be this . i have never met another individual who has demonstrated a tendency towards recursive meta-thought like i , and many intps , ... love it . unfortunately , literary satire usually requires some knowledge of the subject matter at hand , so i will admit that some satire flies over my head . when you get it , though , man , it's ... exactly how i'd react , haha . i'd be like whoops , sorry ! i'll come back later , then . and then go hide my red face . i was honestly considering machinarium , but i decided on botanicula in the end . probably should still pick up machinarium , and i probably would have , had i not make a mildly swift , but brief ... agreed . i'm mildly lazy , so it's a bit difficult to go and be socially active enough for friends . especially friends i'd like to keep around . i wouldn't mind if they randomly fell into my lap , ... i did a bit of acting in high school . i ... guess i was okay at it ? being a guy helped a lot ' cause most of the cast members were girls . i kept getting cast as either the villain or the comedic relief , ... i had an adventure game phase . truth be told , i still haven't finished botanicula . thanks to gog , though , i have a folder full of neat avatars . :p roud : about time i picked an avatar , anyway . i should do this more often . so often , like most other people on this thread , i pick solid-colored t-shirts , because i hate the shirts with logos on them . i don't mind a buttoned shirt , usually , ... wow , i am far more promiscuous than i thought . : tongue : see , the most i will ever do is say hey , you ! you're attractive , you know that ? or some variation on it . not even that much , though , ... can i hop onto the terrible with flirting bandwagon ? i cannot for the life of me compliment anyone on their looks . ever . whenever i'm about to , i just stop dead in my tracks . it's actually kind of ... i usually don't have a problem with eye contact unless it's pretty girls i'm meeting for the first time . i don't understand why i would avert my eyes from most people . you gotta keep an eye on them ... this is me . i am usually very punctual and hardworking when it is out of responsibility to someone else . i can't do very much of anything for my own benefit . i'm still bad with schedules , though ... everything . ; _ ; ah . so you actually do have your life completely in order , so i am of no use here . ha , sorry . to be honest , i'm still struggling to fulfill my own advice , so you're on a completely different problem ... yeah , i know this feeling all too well . i still haven't figured it out . however , i decided to do two things : 1 . shrivel my heart anyway . emotions are best suited for connecting with other ... i'm not sure . this is where i get a bit hazy . my first thought was that it varies from intp to intp , but my second was that the depth and tension of the walls typically erected by the ... intps don't monitor facial expressions , so how do you expect them to monitor body language ? they're not particularly animated , especially when thinking . anyway , i would monitor your standing with ... are you judging by their face ? if it looks particularly vacant or bored , then they might be thinking . intps don't monitor what their facial expressions are . trust me : i'm sometimes caught grinning ... do it , but do it with dignity . anyway , i just popped in to say that dealing with a brainwashed world is a problem for intps and not just intp women , although , to be honest , i have no firsthand ... do it ! gaming opens up a huge portion of the world , and you aren't going to get any better if you just watch it . to be honest , i actually preferred the company of women for most of high school . it might just be the girls you're mostly hanging around . i found the guys at my school to be mostly irksome aside from ... did either of you ever playing the moviebattles 2 total conversion ? that pretty much sucked away half my days in high school and then some . in my opinion , it's really just semi-worth it . it's probably better to wait for the price to drop . it's a very cool game , but it's a bit overpriced at the moment . anyone heard of this game ? after watching a video on youtube , i almost immediately picked it up . so , uhh ... yeah . i think the best way i can describe it is an extremely escher-esque fps puzzle ... i see qingdom moonlights as a highly effective kidnapper . in some cases , we are , especially if we don't feel the need to chameleon like we normally do . however , if we weren't concerned with society's expectations , why would we chameleon in the first place ? ... i wish . it feels like i can't , though i haven't made a serious attempt . i think i could stab a few deep wounds , maybe . personally , i'd attempt to get away . far away . if they don't listen to ... their inferior function is fe , remember ? they're more likely to say straight because that's more in line with what society expects from them . not to mention that saying that they're gay closes off ... if ni and te are your main preferences , i'd probably say you're intj . your lesser functions matter , but not as much as the dominant ones . although , i am in no way qualified to give out any ... finally . now if my country can just get its head out of its ass enough to get rid of the penny and maybe the nickel too . i just ... whenever i hang out with my imaginary friends and go to parties and stuff , i never feel like i really fit in , you know ? i just sit in the corner and read . it depends on the team . sometimes , they'll try being wholly dependent on me , on the basis that i somehow have more of an idea of what to do than they do . other times , they'll actually do stuff , and ... yeah ... but there are variations with each person even if they are the same personality type . plus , take into account the effects that society has on you , even as an independent intp . while i'm not ... i actually agree with nt , but i both liked and disliked gym . if i had a gym class consisting of myself , i'd've liked it far better , but my school also didn't do cool stuff like archery . we had ... sometimes , if a statement is made that is particularly intriguing or just strikes me in a certain way , i'll cock my head to one side and peer at the speaker . not in a bad way , although occasionally ... the best way to undermine them . they don't even know . anyway , it's best to let them have their own ideas of what you are , because the probability of acceptance of your natural state is ... i include neither of the verbal cues that follow sarcasm and satire , so they're forced to take it at face value . careful , though . even if intp is your personality type , it seems ( at least to me ) to be a pretty broad spectrum , and you get lots of different intps with their own various timbres . it is , isn't it . anyway , people at work ask me if i have a sense of humor , to which i staunchly reply , no . because , obviously , if i don't make all my humor cues clear , then i don't have a sense ... i liked physics and astronomy once upon a time . lately , though , i think my mind has been wandering into the veils of psychology and maybe a teeny bit political philosophy . not very serious about the ... on a less funny note , america has an unhealthy obsession with proper english conventions ( ironically discarding the actual english conventions such as honor-honour , etc . ) in its education system . i'm ... okay , that legit makes me chuckle , frankly . don't say that there's another guy though , or he'll probably never ever stop whining . ever . he'll hunt you down to the ends of the earth and the last thing ... he sounds like a bit of a doofus , to be honest . i'm not going to say immature , but hell , it sure sounds like it . anyway , onto the analysis : if he's completely dominating your conversations with ... to be honest , i think he probably wanted to try dating you , but he couldn't do it for a variety of reasons , whether it be just for the preservation of the friendship , which he might've believed could ... intimidating just isn't possible for some people . for everything else , that's about right , but realize that some people just talk to hear themselves talk . i work with a guy like that , and he ... i wouldn't say that i'm a casual gamer , but i'm not a great big fan of multiplayer games , but i do enjoy them along with singleplayer games . i would say that i'm a pretty balanced gamer , as far as ... i believe there's a point where you become so socially inept that you emerge out the other side and can stare people down for excess periods of time . i am one of those people . no , i'm not ... people can't read the invisible . ooooooooo was that cryptic enough ? but seriously , to some people , i don't exist . for most others , they usually get it wrong if they ... i am meek . let not my explosive anger dissuade you . si is based around the recollection of past data , isn't it ? if that's the case , is it that surprising that almost all types would be a bit si-heavy , considering all the remembering you do in school ? ... '