' wait , what ? you're looking for traits of an atypical entp female ? or are you saying that female entps themselves are atypical in comparison to male entps ? or are you looking for a comparison of ... i think it's particularly difficult when ne is one of your dominant functions because you see the possibilities of yourself being many types . you see the hint of your character in a lot of different ... haha , see i'd take your response to my post as a hint that you're probably more likely an enfp . i actually specifically worded my post to see how you'd react to it . nothing i said was mean in the ... entp is actually ne > ti > fe > si not introverted intuition , might help you a bit with sorting this out if you've got your facts straight . just sayin ' . this is basically the immediate conclusion i came to when i first heard about the protest . i'm still very iffy and suspicious about it ... but when you think about it there are a number of ideas from ... not sure if anybody will take the time to read these but if you've got a sec ( and i mean you're on perc okay you have to have a sec or be avoiding something important ) they're two , in my opinion , ... oh that's interesting , holla ' at them virginian suburbs x . x i like discussions with elements of debate xd i'd say sparrow though i think the most recent movie hindered a bit on his epicness ... not quite up to par . intp's don't use ni ( mostly speaking ) , their two functions are just like ours , ne and ti except they have ti as dominant and ne as auxiliary . if you're going to be closest to any other type as an ... what the fuck is a sherbert dibdab depends on which friends . my best friend's an infp and we're constantly joking about how would be romantically perfect for each other ... if only one of us had testicles . alas ... it's not meant to be . i think it could ... yeah i've heard that too ... i've read a majority of his books and definitely gotten an ntp feel , though i think it's possible that he's an i . regardless , so good ! i'm detecting quite bit of disdain sir , quite a bit . : wink : while reading chuck klosterman's books i often got a very entpish vibe . i always thought of the clan from cowboy bebop to be very nt oriented . jet as an xntj spike as an intp faye as an entp ( though i could see the argument for being more feeling oriented ) ed as ... a majority of the times i've taken the mbti test i've scored entp with a slight extroverted preference . for the past few months though , i've felt much more attracted and pulled towards the intp ... i think there's an unhealthy obsession with striving for happiness . it seems sort of delusional and i think nt's in general are more likely to pick up on this , though i'm not saying other types are ... all of the traits you've listed are characteristics of n and p , so therefore found in enfp's as well as entp's . i think it's natural for a number of types to question and analyze themselves , ... ahg , i know what you mean . my longest friend is an esfp , we're very close but it's more due to having spent so much time together in our younger years more than anything else . conversations with her ... i agree with subterranean . in addition , it's about the fact that a lot of the times s's and n's are simply interested in talking about different things , in a different way . for instance , my mom ... oh for sure , but i'm aware of my tactlessness . i've never been called tactless without knowing on some level that what i've done / said could be interpreted as so . and it's mostly by my mother ... in the case of the intp i know , when he's just bantering for the hell of it almost sings when he talks . his pitch goes dramatically up and down and he's constantly imitating voices like many of you ... ah , sounds lovely . my mom's an esfj ... > . > enough said . dad's great just very fucking busy and i'm pretty sure my brother is just a full fledged pervert ... eh , what can you do .   ... other than ... yes , i went back and forth quite a bit in the beginning , i still do . i'm caught at xntp . this works though because the cognitive functions of e / intp's are the same , just in a different order . entps ... not quite sure about that , one of entp's defining characteristics is thriving in conflict ( usually ) . we also don't have the tendency to get engrossed in our own emotions / feelings , we don't really ... so . ragingly . jealous . i'll post something i originally said in a thread on the enfp forum : i think it's difficult to tell at first glance but to me a dead giveaway of an enfp is if they actually seem interested in you ... making me a to do list using unnecessary repetitiveness by forming your opinion on a subject through a limited amount of information and parading it around as fact and / or supreme knowledge ... company that's intellectually stimulating and a better understanding of how i work - - what my strengths and weaknesses are , how i can modify those to be more considerate about those i care about and ... have high standards but low expectations of people . when people have holes in their knowledge of others / situations they have a tendency to fill in the blanks with what they want to see . good or ... my dad's an istj , for a second i considered writing , and he's one of my best friends after that but that's not quite true . he is someone that i truly respect though , which is a pretty tall ... i've been a waitress on and off for the past four years at a breakfast joint in my hometown ... can't work while i'm at school but over the breaks i still do . i don't think i could actually deal with ... mmm ... if this is true i'd have to conclude that everyone on this site has close to zero chance of bein ' a gangsta . in response to entp's tendency to think by expressing , i . e . don't know what they think until they've said it or written it vs intp's tendency to think by reflecting , i . e . know what they think ... my mom likes to tells me ever so often that i'd have no problem finding a boyfriend if i could simply be , more agreeable and less intense . ! @ ^ & % % ^ ! * ( $ # @ * ! ( * ^ & @ ! - . - ah , this has been something i've been toiling over for awhile now . unfortunately i'm about split fifty-fifty even with this list . ya , no , i think that the first part of what you said is part of the initial problem . the fact that we can not only tolerate guys humor but actively participate in it is somehow attractive to them ... ... i have this thing where i like to be able to see as many people as possible , while still having a decent view of the teacher . so i angle myself accordingly based on the layout of the classroom . ... i think that one of the reasons xntp's and infp's appear so numerous here is because these types in particular ( along with a few other types ) have a itching need to figure themselves out / how other ... too much alpha when i can't sleep at night i think about what i'd do if both my parents just dropped dead . how i'd have to come home from school for a bit , set up the funeral preparations , how all of my feeling ... the conversations i have with my good enfp friend violently spin from us laughing about some hilarious incident that happened to one of us , to discussions ( i'd almost say arguments , but i've found ... i like how so far you guys all have desktops as opposed to laptops . takin ' your computers stereotypically pretty seriously i see . xd my mom does the same thing ... in front of about 20 other shoppers in gap was the latest occurrence ... i also weigh about a hundred pounds > . > oh my god you don't even realize how much . that echoed my mother ... i could hear her voice in the back of my head . that was creepy . i think abrasive is the best way to describe my mother . she ... i think it's difficult to tell at first glance but to me a dead giveaway of an enfp is if they actually seem interested in you as a person . entps are more curious than caring ... compliments are a big ... haha bigtex , i'd just like to state that our parent's have the same personality types ... it's been quite an interesting upbringing . my mom irks the shit out of me sometimes so that's the only ... i totally get what you're saying ... like a sort of out-of-body experience but not quite ? '