' i honestly think perc's debate / current events forum needs to be cancelled . also i think there are a shit ton of alt-righters / lowkey nazis running around here , like jesus christ . b e g o n e c i s h e t lets start a gay supremacy ... smash the str 8s ... deactivate your almonds ixfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuzZ8mV9Zh8 i might sound intellectually dishonest or closed-minded or an sjw to some of yall but like , is it just me or debating people's existence is kinda ... weird ? trans people already go ... reila nimu i only know 2 of them but based on that ... i'd say ixtj 1 . ) keith ( voltron ) 2 . ) stiles stilinski ( teen wolf ) 3 . ) saitama ( one punch man ) 4 . ) sailor venus ( sailor moon ) 5 . ) jughead ... jay 1313 you seem like a very sentimental and emotionally complex person with an interest in dark topics and feelings . i have a feeling that you've gone through a lot of shit in your life . i would ... a ) emotions are reactionary and on the offense . if somebody says something hurtful or conflicting , you tend to be quick to respond . if under stress , physical symptoms are displayed through facial ... hmm , i got intj . i like how specific the questions are . ? ? ? edit : i think you cropped out my text abt the things i would do for my best friend . its obviously an exaggeration lol ( i would do many things for my bestest friends though ) . taylor is a snakey , annoying xsfj , nuff said ( you can tell that i reallly don't like her at all ) . is celebtypes okay ? they come up with the most bizarre typings for celebs ... i wanna know ... i was pretty calm and cautious as a toddler . i was organized and kept all of my toys in check . also , i was sorta ... obsessive with my hobbies ( i used to be so obsessed with thomas the tank engine ... wow i haven't been here on a while ! hi ! this time i'm going to type voltron : legendary defenders characters ... i'd like to get feedback or suggestions based on my typings :) . paladins / alteans ... mob psycho 100 mob - isfp reigen - esfj with high ne dimple - hmm ... extp ( ? ) ritsu-intj teruki-estj haikyuu ! ! please give feedback ! karasuno hinata - esfp kageyama - first i thought entj , then intj , then istj , but i have come to the conclusion to angsty estj . extremely te dominant . tsukishima - ... here are my guesses for one punch man characters : saitama - definite istp . so much ti-se in him . i can't see any other type except for istp genos - isxj ? leaning towards isfj . tatsumaki - seems ... hm ! i may have mistyped sangwoo as esfj because i read the ( maybe poorly ) translated version of killing stalking ( i'm not korean nor do i speak korean ) . i think esfp is more fitting for him now , good ... if i dated a fellow intj , we'd go to war with each other . i literally cannot stand other intjs for some reason . whenever i meet one , i clash with them , hate them , or think they're too much like me ... huh ! fi-dom yoonbum ... can you elaborate on that ? i've always thought fe was extremely present in yoonbum , but i'd like to hear other opinions . have any of you guys read killing stalking ? no ? well i read it ( and its reallly disturbing but i sort of like it ) and these are my thoughts on the characters : yoonbum : definitely introverted ; ... hmm ... entp is a good fit for viktor , but i have seen more arguments for enfp , no ? would enfp be a good match for viktor ? for yuri katsuki , i agree with isfj . what function would manifest as his ... ok so the last episode yoi came out ( and obviously made me rethink my whole purpose in life ) , and i haven't seen any good typings of the characters . here are my thoughts of their mbti types : yuri ... trump can suck my imaginary dick . well , at least we have dank m3m3s about how fucking idiotic trump is in the next 4 ( hellish ) years . this asinine cheeto man is our president lolll kms why does trump look like a cheeto lol ew is cuck an aesthetically pleasing word pls elaborate lol what is this mess http://big.assets.huffingtonpost.com/eye-rolling.gif jesus fucking christ , this was the worst day of my life . all of the kids in my school , including me , were so somber and angry ... because that god damn cheeto got elected . oh well , i'll try to ... i just realized how much i regret having a crush / attempting to develop a friendship with my ex-crush . i just realized how he makes me feel like an inferior piece of shit , no matter how nice he ... c a p i t a l i s m z o n e i t s s a i n t p e p s i b i t c h l i f e i s n o t r e a l . . . a r e s p a c e s r e a l l y s a f e ? 安全ですか ？ safeu spaceu desu actually , most of the different sources give out the same underlying information about cognitive functions . the only thing that makes it murky and blurry is the unnecessary details -> i usually ... god left me unfinished cognitive functions test can be shitty imho , the best way to figure out your type is by reading up the theory extensively , and figuring out which cognitive functions fit you best . if ya need ... what do you usually type as ? what cognitive functions do you relate most to ? enterprise hey bae , intp xntp when i mean shit , i mean - shitty - demeanor and personality . i can't stand any of them , lol . savage entp like narci said . xsxj and xntx types are both full of shit lol . :/ emologic is an intp with very underdeveloped fe ngl woah wtf is going on lyk why are ppl getting so heated over perc politics checkm 8 feminists xddd i haven't seen a lot of posts from siri ... so isfj is best fit just b / c witch of dreams is such an infj it's not even funny lmao spread the love mate <3 ah , ok . though , i could see you as a fe-dom . and yeah , i'm quite intense lol , one person typed my as an entj in one of the mbti threads . i'm quite confident that i'm ni-dom and not te-dom however . <3 33 '