' i find notes absolutely adorable , it depends on the people involved , and you're the only one who knows that i prefer extroverted men . you're you , beautiful and wonderful you search before making a post next time . http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/77793-common-infj-enneagram-types.html ... apdenoatis , do keep in mind things are different in high school . only the obvious ones . better yet , figure out what dominant cognitive function you have rather than just taking a quiz for it ... ( a ) intp , i like you . will you figure the fuck out if you like me or not and stick with it ? your games are childish . ( this ) infj are infjs just volcanoes that erupt fury or love and happiness ? having just sent a 132 - word text in response to a 2 - word text , yes . orangutan yes , i have . yes , i have . i always read meditation as mediation . maybe not their eyes , but their face , and certainly with the way they carry themselves . listening to them talk is enough for me to confirm it . inchoate i want to be left alone is misanthropic . avoid it . i'd suggest something like : i'm in need of some [ quiet time , personal space , ... ] - do you mind if i talk to you [ optionally : a few hours , a ... i highly encourage reading this : hsp living : thoughts on being highly sensitive , a people pleaser and a nice person birthday card discreetly passed around office like some sort of covert cia operation | the onion - america's finest news source i'm scared to give away anything i knit because my most intimate thoughts and feelings are imbued into each stitch . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yzRe2X5t5A http://i.imgur.com/JeEEV.png forer effect - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia confirmation bias - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia you know which threads i'm talking about . strong neptunes , pluto aspecting ascendants , prominent moon . what about 4s ? [ color = #000 ] [ font = verdana ] 3 source : 3 - enneagram type three : the achiever 4 source : 4 - enneagram type four : the individualist don't take things at face value . um ... what ? types aren't identity . it's healthier for you to leave this forum and stop researching mbti / enneagram altogether if you're going to form your basis of somebody based on their type . i just caught myself sincerely apologizing to the cup of tea beside me for letting it grow cold . it seemed appropriate for this thread . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msEfgBfXAW0 moonwatcher i had this tab open from much earlier today and was scrolling through to go back to the main infj forum when i returned to my computer . i saw hot and heavy with the church and did a ... this is something that has nothing to do with types , but advice and assistance . why are you asking for type-based help ? it's as type-relevant as my infj boyfriend ate food today ! does any other infj ... ni elizabeth . i don't have any friends because of it . the kinds of connections i seek out with others are incredibly intimate and intense . few are in a place mature enough to offer it , and even fewer are ... don't turn types into sun sign astrology . every poster in this thread needs to to acquaint themselves with this term - men who have sex with men . men have sex with men , women have sex with women , men have sex with women , women have sex with ... i have trouble writing because i need to edit every sentence to final draft form before proceeding to the next sentence . infj . who would want to live life like that ? ;) welcome ! - fussy emotional person i want to be among all these extraordinary artists posting beautiful artwork , but i don't draw , paint , ... i could write if i tried . maybe i should start . do you ever run into the right song at the right time ? the perfect movie that describes an otherwise uncommon event ( e . g . not a generic breakup ) in your life , or provides an answer to a question ... i promised myself that i'd remove a destructive friend from my life , but i relapsed and let her back in last night . i didn't mean to , it was an accident . yeah , i know , how could talking to somebody ... welcome , welcome , welcome ! :) dear creativity , please stop running away ! i'm not going to hurt you , i just want a little peak , a glimpse , a flash ... and i'll beg you to stay around ( it's because i love you ! ) and get a little ... immediate reaction : oh , i'm home ! :) 76 . i'm the highest so far ... and i'm a guy ? : s '