' my greatest ' pet peeve ' is what i defne as practiced apathy towards others . i see it as a symptom of living in a society that values materialism over compassion . i'm usually consistent in the range of 130-135 . i've read this is rather high but i don't think iq tests are an accurate measure of intellect . this short piece is extremely accurate . unfortunately this perspective has led me to pursue only very superficial friendships after being let down far too many times . i'd say the only true ... it's my face . i've never liked the idea of avatars . i invite you to read the quote in my signature . :d ispirited : and anyways , you are far more than your four letter ' personality type ' . don't see it as a restriction but as an opportunity for self ... technically you don't spend any time in the water if you're doing your job right (: wink :) but to be honest when i'm stood on the deck in the middle of the north sea and the ship is being thrown ... no i do not . having extroverted feeling as the main driver for my introverted intuition does not make me what most would refer to as ' too feminine ' . in fact most would describe me as somewhat ... i'm a sailor on a rescue vessel who can't swim . : laughing : i do know that for the sympathy of one living being , i would make peace with all . i have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine and rage the likes of which you would not believe . if ... anyone who knows me in person , including my own girlfriend of eight years , will wrongly type me as intj . in fact i struggled for a long time with the concepts of fi / te and fe / ti ; only recently ... i need the sea because it teaches me . - pablo neruda well i am a sailor . :p enguin : why not keep an actual personal diary ? there's nothing ' personal ' about a public thread on a forum . i don't think anybody needs to explain themselves to you . in fact your need to challenge others ... welcome ! :p enguin : sign my chest and you can have mine ? as a northern european who grew up within an asatru family i have to say i love your name and profile photo . i'm not sure if you read the other posts where i describe the poor service offered by the college which is why there is a performance issue . my fellow students may be struggling but they are also ... konbanwa . hajimemashite - douzo yoroshiku ! : smile : thank you very much for the response . i recently had a chat with the tutors and fellow students ; we now have permission to use the campus ... well i'm agnostic to the point where it's more appropriate to just say atheist to avoid confusion . when ' life sucks ' that's okay ; the universe does not owe me anything . i often find my own ... i work at sea for months at a time so simply the idea of getting back on dry land always excites me . i still can't wait to get back to sea after just a few days though . : laughing : apathy towards suffering dishonesty & people who are manipulative those who abuse their authority people who value materialism over compassion bad manners poor grammar ; your post annoyed me ... on sunday i was part of the services march as i'm in the british merchant navy . what stayed with me were the reactions from the older generations in the crowd . some were clearly full of joy and ... i come from a family of british merchant navy seafarers . most of them died on supply vessels by german u-boats . the merchant sailors are kind of the unsung heroes of the world wars . 14,660 lost ... oh there's no need for an apology ! in fact i'm incredibly grateful for your response which has inadvertently opened me up to another behavior of mine that i was not aware of ( you sly old dog you ) ... whether this is indeed true or not is irrelevant . what's more interesting is your apparent need to start this thread i'm not necessarily doing the work for them ; i'm literally teaching the classes we're already having in simpler terms . i think the real issue is the poor standard of the teaching staff at our ... hello my fellow ukulele strumming friend ! i was wondering if you know much about old english and scandinavian mythology ? my father is norwegian so i grew up hearing the old myths and sagas of the ... there is a fantastic amount of truth to your insights . in fact i never even really considered my ego being a factor in the matter . the real problem is the poor standard of teaching which is why ... oh right . the class is completely male and my partner and i have a long distance relationship anyways so it's not like i'm choosing my classmates over her . she doesn't have an issue with what i do , ... sorry but what's the relevance of these questions ? i'm a little confused . i'm a mature student attending the same course as the people i'm teaching ( who are mostly ten years younger ) . we have tutors but due to the intensity of the material being taught people are ... although very empathetic i do not do this . i'm interested in any others who might though . hello infjs and anyone else out there reading this . i wanted to ask fellow infjs ( and anyone else who cares to answer ) about their experiences in finding that harmony between helping those in need ... it's funny you should say that because people are often startled when i engage in a debate . i seem to draw a line in my mind as the conversation proceeds and if that line is crossed i go from ... thanks a lot ! it's my alter ego ! :d og : if you need any help with anything to do with the name change then send me a message . i'm more than happy to help any way i can . [ quote = cerridwen ; 2287369 0 ] thanks for your input , how come you changed your name twice ? originally it was because i didn't want my father's name but after a few years i decided i wanted to change ... maritime academy ; is that the american equivalent to the british merchant navy ? i'm not sure where you are within the industry but i have to say that a life at sea is fantastic if you're cut out for ... i think it all depends on your definition of ' masculine ' . typically most would consider me to be this . i work in a male dominated industry ( merchant navy officer ) , i'm in good physical condition , ... hello . i've changed my name legally via the deedpolls service twice . both times i changed my first and surname . in the uk it's a simple process ; you spend around thirty pounds for the legal ... hello . my name is jack and i'm a navigational officer in the merchant navy ( you'd be surprised how many people have no idea what the merchant navy actually is ) . i've been typed as an infj by ... '