' i especially enjoyed entps are living oxymorons : laughing : i don't think there are more intuitives than sensors in the world . everyone starts off using all of their functions . the ones that they use more predominantly tend to be the ones that stick . in this ... i was meditating the other day , and i noticed that the mindset i was in was exactly the same as when i enter a state of flow . flow is commonly described as being in the zone . it happens to me ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i'm pretty sure of my type . i fit the cognitive functions pretty well . however , i'm kind of lazy . my house is a mess , with things ... i want to change the world . i want to find a way to make the human race work together so that we can advance enough to get off this rock by the time the sun explodes . or at least avoid killing ... because of your over-the-top behavior . it's fine to troll sometimes , but sheesh , turn it down a notch . you're annoying . i'd hazard a guess and say that sauron is an intj . the silmarillion goes into more detail about his life than the trilogy . he was morgoth or melkor's ( the biggest bad's ) right hand lieutenant . they ... i couldn't find any recent threads that gave me what i wanted from them , so i decided to start my own . basically , if you're going to type your family in this thread , i don't just want oh , she's ... i'm in the same boat as you are . nothing can stop the thoughts from recurring . they're your memories . you own them . however , you can put them in their place . i have a sort of half-assed mental palace ... i think it's about finding the right motivation . for example , at work , i'm motivated because i will literally starve to death if i don't keep this job . my work environment is very clean . however , my ... i suppose i could practice my se by beating you to death . i've been trying to meditate . it's boring , though , and i usually fall asleep before i've done any real meditating . maybe i need to go to bed a bit before i'm tired . i've learned that i have to wake ... don't think that i agree with you , mathfreak 1337 . frankly , i think you're ridiculous . this is why i briefly considered eugenics an option . are you an expert , sir ? before i came to this site , i was suffering from a profound lack of reading material . you guys are awesome . i have been searching the entire internet for this . i've even been to this website and not found it . thank you so much . this article is awesome . i just feel like it's a cop out , saying that i'm ... i think that eugenics as an idea is nice , but only on a personal level . i'd like my future children to have the best chance of success they can . however , i don't think that we should have government ... i've been doing a lot of reading since i was last here , and i've come to realize that i'm pretty badly in the grip of my inferior function . this thread helped me realize the monster i've become : ... luck and health to you as well . i hope you work through your issues , as well . thanks for sharing . it's comforting to know that i'm not the only one . thanks very much . i really should see a shrink . i keep telling myself i'll get around to it , but i always make excuses . i don't have time , i don't have money , etc , but then it slips into the back of ... understood . it did get a bit wordy , but it's kind of insulting to think that others thought i was that naïve . i'm pretty sure i said something to that effect pretty early on . it was never my ... i love walking or driving around in the early morning hours . the town i'm in goes to bed around 3am , so i have the place to myself . when you even have a set schedule for your rpg characters . when you wake up at least three hours before work just to make sure you're properly prepared . when you always pick up the milk last . that's cool and all , but i've responded to each of these ideas at some point or another . i've said , i think three separate times now that i'm not only going to look at meyers-briggs type . honestly , ... i am most definitely an introvert . i dislike crowds , i don't do well with small talk , and i feel the need to be alone if i've interacted personally with people for more than an hour or so . ... i know exactly how you feel . i have a roommate who's the same way . he keeps me in check . everyone always wonders why we live together if we argue all the time . i like it . it's entertaining , and i get ... i guess i have a lot of reading to do . [ double post ] not gonna lie , you made me pretty angry with your third post . no hard feelings , though . i was entertained for a while . although if you'd just said your argument's premise is not very well defined i ... i looked into it a bit more , and i may have been completely wrong . but the reason i distinguished sfs from sts was because i thought that those with thinking in their type thought more deeply about ... i may have over-simplified the types in my mind . or maybe the literature i've read is explaining in a far too simplistic manner . i wish i had a good textbook . maybe i'll see if i can find one online ... thank you very much . that is helpful . i'm definitely going to ask my trainees how they like to be taught . it probably would be more helpful than asking about it on the internet . honestly , the thought ... i do realize that this is a weakness of mine , and , as i've said before , i'm trying to overcome it . it's just so frustrating training people over and over again . i didn't say i wasn't conceited . i said that it doesn't have anything to do with my being open about my reading . and i have no gripes with your opinion . i just don't think the reasoning behind it is ... word dispenser : i think we can both agree that our anger got the best of us . i understand your point a lot better from your conversation with nastymann . i assure you , i have every intention of ... i don't see how my being conceited is related to reading books . i think you're confusing correlation with causation . what changed ? i am not placing anything anywhere . you seem to be coming from a platform assuming that i care about what you think of me . but what is insight if it's not drawing conclusions ( judgments ) about ... why would you come off as conceited because you like reading ? why can't you enjoy sports , fashion and travel and still read ? i don't much enjoy sports , but i like fashion and travel , and my nose is ... probably . the top would probably have flooded with water , and they would've both died of hypothermia . of course i don't have the specifications of the wood , so i can only guess . but ... math and physics are the reason you exist ! the reason you can do anything ! ! ! although i guess it is presented through theory in class . i don't know very much about physics , beyond what pbs and ... i think you're reading waaay too far into this . my phrasing may have been presumptuous , but my question was sincere . i would genuinely like an answer to it . if all i wanted was to insult people , ... demeaning ? i'll accept puerile . i can be pretty childish sometimes , especially when it comes to interactions with other people . i have effectively zero social grace . but i think you were just ... mine sucked . i was 13 . i had no idea what to expect . i was in pain , and bleeding all over the place , but i figured that i couldn't be dying , because if i'd lost this much blood , i would probably have ... psst ... i know who you are . hail sithis . i lol every time . i wish skyrim had a better db questline . i think you are confusing the words intelligent and good teacher . have you ever been to a university ? half the teachers who aren't just grad students trying to pay back their loans are highly ... why are you a closet reader ? i've never come across anyone like that . 1 ) how should i have gone about approaching this more sincerely ? i think you're confusing the words sincerely and nicely . i don't have to be farting rainbows to be sincere . 2 ) you're ... i , too , started reading at age 3 . everyone shat themselves when i came into school already knowing how to write my name ; they nearly had heart attacks when i told them i'd finished reading every book ... yes , i do give a fuck how this vacuum works . i don't see your point . edit : btw , i read that manual , and that's a fucking awesome vacuum . i kinda want one , but i'm afraid i'd be tempted to make ... '