' paul is definitely an infp , and art is most likely an infj . nooo . infp i too can't hide my emotions when they're very strong . faking it until we make it is what we enfjs sometimes do . i try to always be happy sometimes to make others happy . a lot of my friends tell me ... thank you very much . i'm sure things will sort themselves out in the future . i always pick friends carefully . they aren't my friend until i know them . alcohol was involved on the night she went off on me , but she was still pissed the next day and is still pissed . she's ... in my life , so far , it seems that no one hears me . i will listen with such dedication to anyone , but when everyone is quiet for a little while , i start to talk and someone almost immediately ... i'd wait . i'm sure most of us would . it's all worth it in the end when the expressions come out :) but it's not ! just express the feelings . we can't always know how you feel . you guys internalize way to well . show us the happiness ! then we can tear them down quickly and efficiently ! :D if cuddles and snuggles are your layers , i think us enfjs can out layer you :) i'm always down for that :) it's worth the patience and effort :D not weird at all . many woman want that kind of thing . you just happen to be more specific . we'd totally fall in love with your caring side and make it come out more . or at least try to . and we would ... i'm trying to balance that myself as well . it's true , listening too much can be an issue . you have a voice and it should be able to get a point or thought across :) definitely confront her about it . she would likely appreciate you sharing your thoughts with her and would wanna solve any issues or questions you may have :) listening is important . i too like to sit back and listen . my voice is never really heard in any social group so i'm starting to not bother . when you say she looks at you with intensity , what do you ... interesting teacher . i would get to know her more if i were you . and the only people you should care about what they think of you are people you care about . but even then , being yourself is way ... we do that when we notice something amazing about someone or something . such as their personality or something like that : 3 this is true . the ending can be such a relief . perhaps they were driving and only took a glimpse of the text and forgot to actually read it and reply by the time they got to their next destination . happens to me every now and then . or perhaps ... being an enfj , in my opinion , telling her it in person would be the best . as long as you don't sound like you need to tell her . like if you come at her and say it sort of abrasively , like you need to ... i would not be the slightest offended . i would answer in full honesty . i second what eggsies said , i would be flattered :D you are beautiful ! and your about me i found to be even more intoxicating :) enfj guy here . i advise you just go with what's natural . don't worry about personality theories . categorizing things just makes the magic go away . let it come to you . do what you feel like . enfjs are ... we do things unconditionally . knowing our generosity helps you is all we need to make us happy . though we don't need anything in return , receiving something is always a joy :) i have 10 on the class scale . swag is for dumbasses . charlie is an enfj 2w1 . he's quiet , shy , and unhealthy do to his awful past . sam is an esfj and patrick is an infp * hug ! <3 33 * personally , an enfj and infp relationship is pure magic . my best and closest friend , like a brother or my other half , is an infp and i've told him that if he was a girl i would love to him . he said ... i'm in the same situation with an intj . she knows i love her and she loves me , but she says a relationship between us would never work . honestly , with enough reality , enfjs can be just like intjs deep down . i have an intj who is purely objective . him and i relate so much and bounce off each other with different concepts , ideas , or ... you and i are identical . we are exactly the same ( based on all of this that you said about yourself ) . however i'm not fortunate enough to have an infp partner and i don't mind being on stage . i too ... this is all true . very good answer my good sir :) what do you mean by playing with things around you ? and i never act macho , ever . i don't know what to make of that , unless it's for humor , then i can understand that . liking your energy , your ... he likely is attracted to you . we enfjs may be social and all , but often , when we're attracted to someone , we usually remain a tad quiet or awkward ( relating to him acting weird around you ) . don't ... i know how that feels . it seems us enfj's have this common issue . we get lonely and it's hard to find one who could fit in the heart shaped hole . i recently disliked myself to thepoint of trying ... 1 . yes . sometimes , all of our interaction with people can lead us to frustration , annoyance , or impatience with others . it happens . 2 . having energy is definitely common for us . we're such spunky ... what's wrong ? i'm sorry to hear that you're frustrated . i too hate having my questions unanswered or have people pretend if i never said a thing . so there's a type that you do not know that keeps ignoring your ... he is probably loathing contacting her . she's probably a past entity that he just wants to forget and doesn't want to make contact with . just make it more clear that he should contact her to get her ... by all means , share away . i'm glad you're another enfj with the same problem personally , i feel enfj's are the most misunderstood type . a lot of people say esfp's are , since they claim they're not as simple as they seem . but honestly , no one talks about , acknowledges , or ... to be unloved . i love your mind :) i mean , yes i help others to make me happy . but i don't do it just for that . i do it because the world needs more givers . the modern world has become so broken that any person who is selfless and ... i love half-nakedness / nudism too ! it's so liberating . and occasionally i like to be pampered-spas , saunas , massages , etc . very occasionally though . dancing and singing is one of my pastimes that i ... i'm quite the optimist . though i have been in dark places . i was deeply depressed for a year and a half , but i got out of it . a teacher helped me better understand myself and i was happy after that ... i'm an enfj , and i can understand his position . we have an uncontrollable need to help people . it's our universal ability that cannot be changed . past relationships are hard to leave , especially if ... '