' infants don't make their own antibodies until they're about six months old so it's better for them to breastfeed because their mother's milk does contain antibodies , which helps protect them against ... thanks for reminding me why i originally married an intp . we were both in agreement on this approach to life . we minimized doing any sort of house repairs or other mundane projects to save more time ... yes , you should definitely wait for it to dry before adding any other colors because otherwise everything mixes together . what i do is mix the color how i want it on the palette , then apply it to the ... some nts do seem to prefer being with other nt types . i suspect that male entjs , as they get older , may get a bit more in touch with their feelings , though , so a pairing with an f type at that point ... how did the fe / fi difference play out for you , if you don't mind me asking ? i like entjs but would be concerned that they might always feel more in tune with / understood by fi users . i've also experienced how therapeutic art-making is . that's one of the motivations of people who go into art therapy - they want to help others heal through art . maybe it would be a good career for ... i've been to movies by myself . going with someone else doesn't leave much time to talk , so going alone isn't that different in my opinion . i prefer going to restaurants with someone else but i've ... art therapy is about as common as it's been in the past . however , my program suddenly has more people applying to it so there seems to be a growing interest in the field lately . it's a career ... i live in chicago , too . i experience it as a fast-paced competitive environment . the place down town where i often eat lunch has a lot of stressed out people , which reflects both the city and the ... i love printed books . i have four large bookcases full of them right now . however , i also read e-books on my tablet at night for pleasure because the tablet is lightweight to hold . in my grad ... he wasn't being honest - he was demonstrating that he's an insecure asshole who's probably in denial about his own aging . it's amusing when men who are middle-aged or older seem to think they can ... i've never traveled by myself to a vacation spot to just hang out . usually , if i have free time i like to use it for having a learning experience such as traveling to a monastery to learn icon ... so , you and your child were supposed to be there as wedding guests but you and your baby were left out of the activities of the other guests . perhaps your unconscious is saying that you're missing ... have you been to see a toxicologist ? perhaps you were exposed to a harmful chemical in your environment . i'm assuming that you've already seen a neurologist and had a brain scan . i do have bouts of melancholy at times , especially in the winter due to seasonal affective disorder . if it's mild i talk myself out of it . if that doesn't work it means i need to be like the phoenix - ... hurting them won't save their life . it will just make someone who most likely already has low self-esteem feel even worse . neither of your two choices of slut and fat shaming vs avoiding using those ... i've been fortunate to meet quite a few infjs in the last year or so . one was in my mfa painting program and two are classmates in my current art therapy program . i suspect that there are quite a few ... i'm a visual artist , as well . recently , i've put my * serious * art-making ( painting in oil ) aside to study art therapy . i think at it's most fundamental level art-making is therapeutic for the artist ... usually if a guy is interested in you they will ask you out , even if they're shy . zuckerburg and musk don't make me feel bad - they've been working themselves to death from a fairly young age . infjs have unique traits that people like zuckerburg and musk don't possess . rather ... read more of irvin yalom's books . i really dislike talking about myself so i try to shift the conversational focus to other people as soon as possible . it's much more interesting to observe and listen to others . ^ this . being around people who put you down and don't understand or appreciate your strengths is toxic . it's stressful , it can affect your self-confidence , and even ultimately your mental and ... i live in chicago for now . i've only been back here from italy for seven months and i'm already feeling the call of exotic lands . maybe i'll join doctors without borders after i finish my degree ... with entps , if they're giving you that feeling ( i . e . what does he want from me ? ! ) it means they want someone to interact with because they're extroverts - not because they're romantically interested ... the most draining types for me are : enfps , entps , esfjs and estjs . the least draining are : infjs , intjs and intps . humanity at large is entirely composed of individuals that you wish the best for . what changes for you in going from considering people as individuals to humanity at large ? books are wonderful ! you can surround yourself with shelves and shelves of them . if the internet goes out you'll have plenty to read . when i was married to an intp we had around 3000 books . cognitive-behavioral therapy techniques work well for intrusive recurring memories and re-experiencing emotional responses to past traumatic events . if you want to try fixing it on your own you could ... it's quite simply , really . as a primary ni user , when i come across as intense it's because i'm sifting through information , trying to drill down to the core of the person i'm interacting with . maybe it was started by someone who wanted to avoid going home at the end of the work day ? why anyone would want to spend even more time with the people they've just been around for the last eight ... i would probably feel hurt by that . the message being given is that the other person's concerns aren't important to you . visiting the il license renewal office in downtown chicago recently was an interesting experience . it's located next to the food court area of a multi-story building . outside of the office , people ... this seems like an excellent way to approach the situation because it allows the op to communicate while still respecting the entp's married state at the same time . brava your thinking seems to be all about what you want with no consideration at all of the tremendous pain and suffering you could potentially cause his wife ( and possibly him as well ) if you pursue ... i have met similar-minded nf types * taking art and psychology classes ... maybe you could take a class ? i have felt the most isolated in the past during times when i was living alone and not in a ... freudian psychoanalytic theory says that only the dreamer can interpret their dreams . if you received your dream interpretation from someone else i wouldn't consider it to be legitimate . i have doorslammed people and so have other infjs . i think it's a bit unusual for a teacher to force you to take an ap class . that's supposed to be your decision not your teacher's . i'm suspicious that there could be another factor involved such as ... ^ that sounds really awful . i would definitely drop that class immediately . it is draining you and stressing you . maybe there's some weird dynamic going on in that class with that particular teacher ... it sounds like he decided that dealing with your issues ( lingering effects of the abuse you experienced and past ocd ) on top of his own ocd is too much for him . he might be more comfortable being in ... dear apple , your multiple times per day messages on my iphone and ipad reminding me that i need to install your updates constitute harassment . perhaps it's important to you that i install updates ... i refuse to participate in surveys . the reason is that surveys ask you specific questions the asker wants information on but they don't allow you to express any opinions outside of those questions ... hmm , it does sound like the universe is trying to tell you something . the only other suggestion i thought of is to contact the places that you applied to / interviewed with and ask if they would mind ... my daughter is in medical school so i think i have an idea of how much work you have done and stress you have probably endured to get this far , which is a tremendous amount ! ! have you considered ... dear professors , i asked for your help but only one of you responded . two poor people asked me for help today and i gave it to them . i can sleep tonight without a guilty conscience troubling me ... my intp ex-husband said that about me . it's probably accurate for the relationship dynamic we had . i'm not sure it applies to relationships with other types . i don't have a lot of health ... july 4th is my least favorite holiday . i used to enjoy the fireworks until i read about the heavy metals they contain . now it's just a day full of loud obnoxious explosions adding toxic materials to ... those pills take away the pain but they make me feel like an emotionally numb zombie . i want to get my feelings and passion for life back . you would be a good stand-up comedian . '