' sorry for my late response , have been busy last week .. but i think i know what you mean , like , this song is beautiful . it gives me this kinda ' feeling ' , no concrete feeling , but just the feeling of ... no , you didn't offend me , don't worry . but , why would i take those words personally ? believe me , i'd prefer not taking them personally , as that would safe me from some negative emotions ... but do i ... i've heared that a few times too , actually . not that we're the worst personality type ( the person who wanted to convince me that my personality sucks seems to think that all the sensitives suck ... okay so i'mma try this too . i hope it works out , cause the idea sounds really beautiful . so i'll do it in my mother tongue , german first , and then translate it as good as possible : wo zu ... i agree with the fews of those before me , things / persons that move me emotionally definitely are beautiful . i also am able to see a great beauty in things said or written ; the sounds of words or ... am i the only one who just curls up in my bed in fetal position while doing absolutely nothing but feeling and thinking and waiting , for ... nothing ? do dragons count ? if so , a dragon . elswise , any kind of cat .. a panther , maybe ~ i know what you're talking about .. i'm not sure if that's especially a nf-thing , i mean i don't think every nf is able to heal , but on the other side many other types ( who are not nfs ) can probably ... i'm selective . telling quite many people personal things about me ( but the very personal stuff i usually keep to myself ) . but i tell everyone only the things which i know he / she understands and will ... for me it depends ... firstly , there are those voices ( soft , calm and deep voices ) to which i could listen all day . no matter what people witch great voices tell me , i just love to listen . if the ... when i was younger , i had some anger problems , every time i got angry i insulted everybody around me and had the urge to smash things ~ but it's not so much of an issue now , as i hardly ever get ... answering questions about myself is so fun ! :D ... here we go : 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably ... ( i guess ) i wrote that i'm not sure whether this is correct , i just read about it somewhere .. so , thanks for correcting me . and sorry for spreading wrong information , that surely wasn't my intention . i'm usually not trying to do anything with my facial expression , just leave it to my subconscious , because otherwise i feel like being ' fake ' . however , people often tell me that there's something ... i'm good at maths in school ( and i guess that's why i like it xd ) , but once i'm finished with school , i don't think that i will dedicate some of my free time to do maths , i don't like it that much could you make the first letter of my username a capital letter ? so , elduria instead of ' elduria ' ? thanks a lot . bienvenido ! i think i like punks ( but actually i'm too shy to talk to any of them xd ) . i like their style , though . hellooo , welcome ! :D i found myself watching the emojis in your introduction for a longer time than i should ( the rolling cat is my favourite ! ) . kinda like your style of writing , too . and i can ... welcome , fellow infp ! i read about you having troubles and trying to distract and socialize on this website .. so , if you need somebody to talk , feel free to text me in private . doesn't have to be ... oh , i just bid you welcome in your own introduction thread ! hello again , i guess xd hello :) first , welcome to this website , i really hope you like it here and it helps you a bit in your life . it's always nice to have some fellow new infps here ! second , i'm from germany and an ... had a discussion with the same entp friend mentioned two pages earlier . i said , everything you hear is an opinion , not a fact and she like didn't get my point at all . she used the example look at ... i'm quite new to mbti , too , so you better don't rely on what i'm saying , but ... i feel like one of the biggest differences between sensetives and intuitives is that sensetives do not daydream . if ... well that's not too bad actually .. reassuring to know how easy it can work :D ... they can just go into the house if a dog is bothering them ( they have this lil ' cat door ' - idk what it's called in ... today i kinda realized that i have no idea what ' living ' means for me . my entp friend talked about how her best friend is currently not giving two fucks about school , getting drunk twice each week ... hello .. ^ ^ i tend to find you enfjs really fascinating and inspiring and so i decided that it's time for me to look for a real-life enfj friend , only ... i can't really find them . ( some advice ... first , sorry for answering so late , school has started again and now i'm pretty busy :/ your dog and cats getting along with each other is awsome , how did you teach them ? i tried to make my cats ... aww that's so cute hahaha . i also find it kinda fascinating how all your animals get along so well wich each other and nobody is killing the other :D on pottermore i got gryffindor but honestly i'm not brave at all , idk what they were thinking lol i prefer to see myself as hufflepuff me too , mentally i still feel like 13 or something like that hahaha . and i still haven't quite realized that 2007 was ten years ago , time is so weird lol . wow , now i desperately want to have a rat , ... no , i haven't , but i just googled and it seems to be pretty interesting .. i guess i'm gonna put it onto my steam wishlist , wait for the next sale and then decide spontaously if it's worth a try :D yeah , i really hope that i will find the courage to stand up and really live one day .. but i guess i'm just paying too much attention to what society wants , and what my parents want , and what is ... ... just to try out the quote thingy again ^ ^ thx for the explanation . wow i'm quite the opposite .. never bored , idk why , but also never really hyper or crazy . but still people keep telling me that ... wow i'd never have the courage to skip school , neither am i doing so much to live who i truly am .. wow ! by the way , i love animals too and have three cats ( and my grandparents have some cows but i ... wow i'd never have the courage to skip school , neither am i doing so much to live who i truly am .. wow ! by the way , i love animals too and have three cats ( and my grandparents have some cows but i ... woow so we're basically neighbors hahaha . i've been to denmark once and i really liked your country then . i guess it's always nice to meet fellow infps heheh . so , i wish you all the best , welcome , ... i feel like peeta is more enfp .. but i don't feel very confident at typing others so you don't have to believe me lol but maybe melisandre from got is an enfj ? ( sorry if i repeat some , i didn't read the whole thread ) you are an infp when ...  ... when you are being asked at least twice a day what's wrong because you look so upset and nobody believes that ... luckily i've never been picked on . i'm not one of the ' cool ' , rather the quiet and invisible one , and most people just ignore me . i already bid you welcome .. however , why not again , i feel like posting something in your thread as well lol . welcome here ! hellooo you seem to be a kinda crazy person , i like that :D .. anyways , welcome here ! security : hey . jamesknight : welcome , then :) yeah it's so awsome how you can relate to others ... no , strangely i've never played minecraft .. i always wanted to try it out , then found terraria on a steam sale and thought ' wow , this looks like minecraft , i could as well try this one ' lol . and now ... welcome , i hope you like it here ! : 3 i sleep very much ( up to 12 hours if i want to ; but 8 is minimum ) and also dream almost every night . if i tell myself to memorize my dreams before i fall to sleep , i can sometimes memorize up to ... there's always a little truth behinde every ' just kidding ' , a little knowledge behind every ' i don't know ' , a little emotion behind every ' i don't care ' , and a little pain behind every ' it's ... 1 . what is your mbti type ? infp 2 . what is your religion ? christian ( roman catholic ) 3 . what religion were you raised as ? my parents are both atheists but my mother taught me a bit about ... knowledge about whether the paranormal exists or not .. especially , a proof that there is a god . lying in my bed , cuddeled up under three blankets and feeling comfortably warm .. listening to a sad nightcore mix on youtube and trying to remove my socks from my feet , using only me feet because i ... i confess that i am affected by group pressue and i hate myself for it . groups make me do and say stuff that is not me and that i don't really want to say , but i only realize that after i already ... well then here's my offical thanks for the offical welcome , i guess .. :D danke , ich finds auch schön , dass ich da bin :) ( macht es überhaupt sinn , wenn zwei neulinge sich gegenseitig willkommen ... '