' yes , hyperbolized the reactions of empathetic people in those situations , but i see what he is saying and i agree . i lack empathy when i let logic get in the way . my stepdad's mother just died ... i used to have a bad habit of dumping guys right off the bat , as soon as i found the flaws . now i've been in a serious relationship for 3 years , and every few months i generally have this ... straystuff i'm not sure i know any enfjs in real life . think the intp v enfj convo could be interesting as our dominant / inferior functions are switched . i'm also on european time ( gmt + 1 ) if you're ... epicglitch how good of a liar are you ? do you think you could convince her that you have summer reading / assignments to work on in order to get a bit of introverted time ? or is there a coffee ... cant watch just once . http://youtu.be/o57AuMfyrEM being asked or required to perform when i haven't fully worked over it in my head . i was on a week long field exercise last week , and i missed the 1st day when a lot things were explained . the ... hahaha . i've had this exact same conversation with my isfj mother . i can sympathize . sorry its now an unfortunate habit after living in germany for 4 years . because theyre normally genuinely asking . is that you making a funny or genuinely asking ? and even if they don't take offense to stupid things , they can still manage to turn a conversation about stupid things into a conversation about their values . here's a fantastically dumb example : ... yes ... yes perhaps the tidiness is a result of years of it being put into practice as a child . at least i've kept one good habit . now , if only i can do something about the lazy as fuck habit . this is the only point which makes me seriously doubt my intp nature , since all the intps i have known are more or less human hurricanes , which can wreak destruction in an impressively short amount ... how socialising consumes all of my brainpower . i do not mean from the introverted aspect of it draining energy , i mean from the aspect of , having the ability to either think or socialize , but not ... the way the bird intonates that sounds like he learned the phrase from a woman ... so more accurately touchy boyfriends parrot 100426 paintings by george bush . i love that pootie poot ( as george bush lovingly calls putin ) looks like bill nighy wearing a black v neck .   ... nearly as good as his self portrait in the ... the washington post's mensa invitational once again invited readers to take any word from the dictionary , alter it by adding , subtracting , or changing one letter , and supply a new definition . here ... 96114 yeah , get that one a lot too . 95785 a letter from sir archibald kerr clark , 1st baron invernchapel , h . m ambassador to lord pembroke , 1943 . my dear reggie , in these dark days man tends to look for little shafts of light ... during my school days , had lots of these convos : girl , i thought you seriously hated me . me , uh , why ? her you'd always give me bitchy looks during class me , i think thats just my thinking face ... i'd do just about all of these . 95215 http://iwastesomuchtime.com/on/?i=88690 ( the really cool and frivolous things of course ) i'm crossing my fingers for a star trek like hologram deck , which would be the new cinematic experience . instead of going to sit and watch films , ... hardy har har . hmm , i don't think i know any istp females , though i am intrigued by this type as my dad is one . i'm up for a group chat ( think there is an intj also interested ? ) any infp girls interested in doing an intp / infp interaction video ? i thought it would be helpful to compare and contrast intp and infp girls since there are a lot of similarities between the two ... if you found the perfect partner for you , and the both of you had decent jobs which you enjoyed very much and paid well , would that be enough for you ? would you need more from life than that ? by more ... people who take statistics at face value , then use those statistics to support a bull shit argument . statistics can be useful tool to analyze information , but the numbers only show one facet of an ... people who follow rules for rules sake , even when they themselves acknowledge the rules are either flawed or illogical . you're right , it doesn't make sense , but these are the rules , so , sorry . can't ... hmm , alright . to be honest , i haven't made a thorough of enough study of taylor swift to conclude she is an infp , i had only read it in several different places that she was . baha , sorry if i ... taylor swift ( whom i believe most would concur is an infp ) seems to be a good model of most infps i know ; lots of people are interested and intrigued by the infp , but they ultimately get dumped . a ... http://cdn.iwastesomuchtime.com/11920140025137.jpg i'm older and therefore wiser than you ... er , no , not necessarily ... ... and when people mistake your sarcasm as your opinion hidden beneath sarcasm . no , really , it was just a joke . seth macfarlane ... we saw your boobs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTKEDXNQAcc when people mistake your observations as being your opinions . sometimes i just want to point something out which i've observed , but people often take that as me placing importance on it , or , ... ( meant for infp , posted too late ) you don't deceive anyone when you try to appear diplomatic , open and without bias--so please stop saying things such as , i mean , i don't care what your ... oh , us poor dear intps . yes , i think dullness is a challenge in intp / intp relationships ... when both people live most of their lives in their head . i'm curious to see if others have ran into these same issues . if you've dated an intp , and are intp yourself , please post what elements you found to be most difficult . 1.talking on the ... see point 1 . already covered that base ... i can't distinguish the difference in myself , if feels like a mixture of thinking and feeling . so , what do you think ... i've narrowed it down to inxp 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i'm more logical than all the feeling types i know , but more emotional and ... vaccine : isfp . as an intp female i have this problem as well . for me i think the problem is the lack of fe--i think this is something important in female friendships . i'm not good at remembering important ... i'm an intp , and my room doesn't look like a tornado went through it . i don't necessarily hate christmas per se , i love christmas food and the fact it's the one time of the year everyone returns home = seeing old friends . but buying gifts is a yearly nightmare . i ... texting has ruined dating . creates yet another level of expectations , etiquette , drama , worry etc to an element of life that was already complicated enough . every intp i know has a very detached ... didn't know what that was , typed it in youtube ... the results were somewhat disturbing . so , i was given an ipad mini this week . to be honest , it's something i would have never bought for myself because i'm quite happy using a laptop , but i imagine there is a lot of potential in an ipad ... sweeping generalized statements or assumptions made without sufficient evidence , or any evidence at all . at some point in your life , either a family member or someone from your group of friends has berated you for your lack of sympathy / attention / concern , and you're completely dumbfounded , because you ... '