' nihm while nihm has her intj husband , i've got my intj girlfriend . dating / girlfriend , i don't even know what to call it these days . i loved the way tridentus put the infp / infj / intj bonding ... for sure . i appreciate the response . she came back today . it's been 6 weeks and we're meeting at a park to go hike . excited . everything worked out as far as the long distance . the whole ... coffee shops , parks , libraries , outside , inside , lost in the woods . the better question would be how do you spot an enfp ? you intjs draw me in very quickly . the stoic , lack of expression on your ... always loved and excelled at fps's , but had a difficult time with turok . i'm not sure what that means . great advice . the one thing you said really stood out to me keep reminding yourself that space for your intj means they will be happier , instead of taking it personal . i'm learning that . i feel ... haha , i can see how it could look like cat fishing . but speaking of reboot - she did mention at times she can get stuck and she almost becomes totally detached from reality . like she is just going ... she ended up calling me yesterday night . and you're right , and i know this - you guys don't like small talk . i can feel that . it will take time to get used to the lack of communication . after such ... was in the classroom today and about lost it . was on the 15th hour and the mental fog and shear emotional fatigue started to affect every aspect of my being . i pushed through though and made it . the ... i appreciate the responses . i got good information . she got in touch this morning . onward and into the unknown we go . here's to another enfp / intj thread . i'm coming here because i really don't have anywhere else to turn who may understand at the level in which i hope to relay . of course this is a relationship ... how much weight have you lost ? i've been doing 16/8 intermittent fasting for several days now . for me , it was less about weight loss and more about will-power . i don't want to be controlled by my ... of course that's solid . are you asking because you are unsure or just updating on the awesomeness ? if you are unsure - you'll be reminded everything's ok in due time - i go through that with my intj ... haven't seen you in a minute . good to see you back . keep writing stuff . that was quality right there . i should be going to bed . going to type this in one go and fast , but with heart . i've been dating / bf / gf intj for a few months now . i saw her get off the bus to volunteer . i was like , who the hell is ... for me , it would to be direct . you can be direct and want to hang out again . like i had a really good time the other night , we should get together again . or non-direct i had a really good time ... like others have said , all of this is pure speculation . who the hell knows . it could be anything . but making out with someone and feeling those feelings would leave me to believe that a second sort ... shot at me or am i sensitive ? i'm sure a lot of people who feel awkward inside don't show it on their face . you wouldn't know it . high school with the hormones , acne , and caring so much about image - glad i'm older . atamagasuita weren't you enfp not long ago ? or am i trippin enfp to intjs : - the ability to not talk when around one another and feel totally at ease - same wavelengths - i want to follow your lead - i want to open that heart of yours - you ground us - to ... wait until she gets back to you ? it doesn't sound like ghosting as she hasn't been on social media . if she's not feeling it , there's not more you can do , but if she is , she'll get back to you ... i don't seek people-power . or that's not how i view it . i guess i lead with my values and others either accept it or don't . although , i feel like i'm convincing in my efforts as i believe i have a ... where does my understanding of what is moral or truthful come from ? that's a great question . functionally speaking , it comes from fi . since i was a child , protecting and being aware of the feelings ... to be honest , your description of how you incorporate your fe sounds a lot how i use my fi . i will speak up when i feel someone is leading another down the wrong path . usually this revolves around ... i've been seeing an intj for little over a month and we just made things official last weekend . when i saw her for the first time , i was literally a moth to a flame . i saw her from afar and was in ... those who have aspergers have been some of the most honest and genuine people i've met . they told things how they were and how they saw them . no sugar coating or beating around the bush . to me , this ... i've always taken the good route when it comes to video games or characters in general - the knight in shining armor or what have you . i've never understood the people who go the bad route as i ... i find this true of me too . i choose the person i want to be friends with and just make it happen . something about their character entices me and lures me in . i'm friends with everyone , but it takes ... i know exactly what you mean . but you said it yourself , trust that intuition . it's gotten you this far and it won't stray you down the wrong path either . intuition and the heart are our greatest ... welcome dude . i also like the sam harris podcast . i love how he starts out each podcast with welcome to the waking up podcast , this is sam harris ... ok - lovable robot . remember to tread lightly on the stereotypes of personality types . if my heart is in it , i'm in it . and my only experience of this has been the recent girl i've met . we've been seeing each other for ... anger and desire ? i like words like compassion for oneself , acceptance , and observing and letting go of resistance . advising anger and desire to someones seems like the wrong path to go down . i'm with angelcat . i've never door-slammed someone . there's too many chances to make things right again and i let that space stay there . i don't like hurting people either . i've also never been ... loved this . haha . yeah , i like te . he gets me places and makes things happen . your te might make you emo , but black eyeliner is cool . slap that te around ! coagulated magic just now seeing this . interesting that you've come to terms with si as this can be our most dangerous trait to fall into . i'm not entirely sure or understand exactly what it means ... welcome dude ! hope your time here is awesome . hmm . like others have said , i don't really get embarrassed . i'm a sociable free spirit in the sense that i will talk about anything to anyone . the dude at auto zone had long hair and i asked how long ... today i did something i haven't done in a long time . i did nothing . i came home from work , took a nap from exhaustion , made dinner , came back into my room , and found myself just kind of sitting here ... it looks like us enfps are split on the exciting part . personally , i get the party rolling . when me and the coworkers are eating lunch , i'm usually the one that gets everyone laughing . usually by ... i agree with ultra violet . there's a level of grounding that i found truly unique and special . there was an infj girl who i worked with who i'd see on occasion . the first time i met her , i felt so ... i think what you describe is called ' fomo ' - fear of missing out . a lot of enfps i've come across share this trait . i'm less fomo , but i definitely go into new ideas with high amounts of enthusiasm ... yes . as i've gotten older , i've gone from having crushes on girls who i thought were pretty and not doing much about it , to having interests in girls with whom our personalities have a peanut butter ... i think enfps are natural comedians . less jokes , but just a natural funny charm . no twitter handle though : frustrating : your writing style is very emotionally connective . a kind of listening , non-judgmental , and warm connection . i bet if you asked the people in your life how they felt about your connection with them , ... hard work . give it your 100 % . failure is not an option . 1st , 2nd , 3rd place . work hard , play hard . if you're not first , you're last ( lol ) . putting in the right amount of effort into what you're ... enfp dude here . screw em ' . your ex's ' too nice ' suggestion was like a child in the kitty pool ( filled with pee ) . keep spreading that love . the right one will come . as far as the rubber band ... i'm in the untamed and wild enfp look . hardly ever use gel . i like running my hands through it front to back . '