' as a nerd the amount of comic based movies coming out is blowing my mind . that and i'm really hyped for gw2 . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjCehYrEbO0 ... i can relate a lot to what you're going through . one of my friends , a mormon , tried to convert me and when i wouldn't go for it , dropped me as a friend . it really got to me that in the entire five ... that is an excellent point , now here is my rebuttal . cake . i come from a long line of huggers , it's just in my dna . i can relate . it's nothing to feel bad about , you don't want to get to know them so why bother striking up a conversation . are you currently in one ? nope . what would make the difference in your decision to be in one or not ? if i had more time on my hands i guess i would make some attempt at getting a girlfriend but ... my mom tried to give me some direction when i was a kid , i ended up doing martial arts and quit when i got to middle school , which as a whole is mostly a blur . i think in high school i rarely left ... i like cats but i think i'm more of a dog person . i smile a lot , it suits me . though , my default expression is still a poker face . i'm an alpha and i act like it . if i didn't i'd be eaten alive at my job or around my friends . 1 . yes 2 . awkward moments 3 . if they had a lazy eye , my mother told me it's rude to stare . you have to look a person in the eye to read them . that and some people just have pretty eyes . i do the same thing . the shells aren't half bad either . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7y9yChV478&feature=related classic i'm , hopefully , going to be an 0351 assaultman in the marines . i get to shoot people , blow shit up and shoot rocket launchers . then it's college to be an architect , electrical engineer or industrial ... i like to narrate what i'm doing in my head , but in like morgan freeman's voice . sometimes he breaks into song , there's even a guitar . other times i just rant in my head about something i saw that ... i was at pt , just doing what i was supposed to lose that 10 pounds and get down to 190lbs . then suddenly ssgt . starts screaming at me like it's fucking boot camp when i'm outperforming 3/4 of the ... just eat the fucking chicken the said , you'll be fine they said . it needed some spice , it was fucking bland you morons . i'm growing my beard as thick as i can before i get shipped , i'm going to miss my fuzzy face buddy . 1 ) don't date her , she'll hold you back . 2 ) fake knee pain and get an x-ray . that way you only have to do the chemo . 3 ) just sign the fucking contract , no use beating around the bush and wasting a ... i'm holding off on getting any tattoos before joining the military , just causes problems . even after i join i will never fucking get a moto tattoo , period . i'm a libertarian at heart but ron paul runs under the republican banner so ... it's a choice , that and if it wasn't for abortion i'd totally be fucked right now . condoms , y u no 100 % effective against pregnancy ? i live with my parents , so i just pay part of the bills , insurance on my car , and my gas . then it's off to the marines , where they pay for my food , housing and health care . so i don't think i'll be ... after it was over it took me a second to realize he wasn't going to be hit by a car . i am not amused , do it again . i'm still waiting for when it gets as fucked up as the comic . i like to whine down by myself but i don't exactly avoid people neither do they intentionally avoid me . it just tends to work out that way most of the time , i think it's a habit i got myself into ... 1 . what are your dreams like ? it's like watching robot chicken , you like the show but the sketches suck most of the time . 2 . how often do you remember a dream ? i usually only remember them 5 ... i know that feel bro . doing something that's breaks my monotonous everyday life , getting home after pt and realizing i just ran four miles non-stop . to stopped being screamed at when i go to pt . i don't even have a ship date and already i lost hearing in my left ear . around my immediate family and close friends i can talk endlessly and get pretty rowdy at times . when i meet people for the first time , don't know someone to well or they're distant relatives i'm ... family parties are always dull and awkward . i went to my families thanksgiving dinner over the weekend ( we held it early ) and it was filled with awkwardness , socializing and people who know me but i ... option d , i read then look at the pretty pictures . trial and error is by far the best option , nothing like failure to show you how to get your ass in gear . gaming , exercise , going for a ride on a motorcycle , cook . i wear this crappy digital watch i've had for years . it comes in handy when people try to initiate social contact , for example : wild classmate : hey you're in my sociology class right ? could you ... i smoked since i was 13 , i kicked the habit for about two years but but i recently got back in the habit . i blame television and my family . i arrive early and leave as late as possible every time . i think of it like a movie , you get there early to see the awesome previews and then leave as late as possible so you can see that extra scene ... esfp father . haven't talked to him in three years , don't plan to anytime soon . xsxp mother . i love my mommy , she raised me as a single mother and taught me manners , how to cook , how to clean , and ... fucking nothing but grilled chicken , salad and celery for weeks . fuck what the recruiter i need real food . i'm to pro for military health disqualifications . loop holes for the fucking win . oh , well that makes a lot more sense . it's easy , took me like a month and a half to do . don't be mad , i've been called oblivious on multiple occasions by close friends and family . well when you start out you should use training wheels and ask a parental figure to assist you in your bike riding training regiment . i was an intoxicated minor for halloween . i don't believe in that soulmate crap . but , if i ever met a girl who could quote doctor who and handle herself around a kawasaki i would be in love . 31 , how can you judge anything by eyes ? i always use the mouth . don't put people in boxes , that's this guys job http://ectoenergy.roscoe.cc/Images/Episodes/OneOfAKind/OOAK%2001.jpg i have feelings , most of the times i just don't talk about them openly . it's personal . stephen stills is awesome . pathetic but awesome . i'm only here for the awesome that is the istp forum , even if i just lurk on this board every couple days . i once ventured out into the abyss known as general chat and other sub-boards only to be ... '