' yes . i do daydream . i like to think that it isn't really daydreaming but rather , preparing to tackle big dreams later on . you see , i have many aspirations in life . i dream and work on them all ... black . sooner or later people want me to change it . but , if it were my choice , i'd wear black on my wedding day . i look super hot in black . black jeans , black dresses , i love it all . i love me a film with great dialogue . i don't even care if its awkward or useless conversations , i just like the real connection with the characters and their situations . i lean towards action and ... you know you're a sensor when the reason you want to go out is to experience something . when you love to touch things in a store and internet clothes shopping doesn't appeal to you as much because ... there's no way an isfj would deliberately lie about being interested in you romantically . that's not something we do . that would hurt you and us . isfj take matters of the heart seriously . when people ... it's kind of hard to help with such an interesting situation . but , here's my take on it . isfjs are kind of needy and constant contact in a mature relationship . isfjs are shy but , not as shy the ... i'm very open minded . isfjs , i guess , are supposed to be more conservative . but , i consider myself pretty liberal . isfjs are naturally social but , i'm not social at all really . if i could ... oh , we do know what you're playing at . : laughing : i have a great capacity to love . i love my family and care for them on a personal level . i have a few close friends that i love immensely as well ... i would love to date an entp ! my best friend is one and i love her to pieces . i have trouble with trusting people though . i don't think that's necessary because i'm an isfj . but , i would definitely ... isfjs dominant function according to mbti is introverted sensing ( si ) , which basically means that we consider our experiences ultimately our best resources and tools to navigate our lives . these ... yes . i'm a very nice person . if i had a nickle for every time someone called me sweet , i'd be a very wealthy person . the less i know someone , the nicer i am . i'm polite and almost a little too ... gender : female hair color : dark brown with tons of honey highlights . hair style : long and layered . usually naturally wavy or tamed straight . i prefer wearing my hair up in a cheerleader ponytail ... i really don't want to insult anybody ! ! this post is only my personal opinion ! but , i think that the type that i find the least attractive is an esfp . emotional , materialistic , inconsiderate and ... when i love someone , their needs become mine . their problems are my problems . i feel the need to fix everything for them , kind of . i try to anticipate things they need or want . i'm very cuddly . i ... dear enfp , i hated you when i met you . i had never met such an outspoken , profanity-laden jerk before ! i had to deal with your miserable , loud attitude for weeks . then i realized you make me ... infps are adorable ! ^ ^ my younger brother is an infp and he is in another world half the time . they are extremely sensitive but , they don't always show it . they love to cuddle but , won't ask for it ... when it comes to something i know , something i've proven that i can do again and again or if i am sure i'm right about something - i'm very confident . i can look someone straight in the eyes and tell ... i'm an isfj trying to date an isfj . it's very difficult . it's , like , we're both trying so hard to please each other and not offend the other that everything comes off kind of distant . i'm pushing ... i regret to inform you , that all sjs are boring people who don't like to think for themselves and lack the ability to create . just like how you're probably planning on ruling the world soon . i ... time exists . time is relative . for us , here on earth , the sun rises and sets to complete a day - this is because the earth rotates . then , the earth rotates around the sun . we call one full completion ... this is almost exactly what happened to me . my intj roommate of two years told me she was moving out very suddenly , left and hasn't attempted to establish contact again . it happened just like that ... i usually don't open up to anyone other than my best friend , because i know she won't judge me . other than that , i give people slices of me but not the whole cake . i have a pretty low self esteem , i ... i don't know . i'm the oldest of four kids . when i was 10 , my parent's divorced . my mom hated cooking , cleaning , everything like that . my dad told me it was my responsibility to take care of my ... i don't think that isfjs are the only personality that stick around in chaos and hairy situations because of love , family or duty . ron weasley - harry potter & hermione - harry potter - duty / love - ... isfjs are fairly straight-forward kind of people . i feel that she would tell you if she was having issues , because you're a really close friend . isfjs really trust people in their little circle . i ... yes . i'm very conscious of all the mistakes i make . i say about a hundred prayers a day that people won't comment on that flaw in my handwriting , the semantic mistake in my speech or the million ... maybe its an introvert attribute ? i'm quiet . even when i try to be loud , others tell me i'm pretty quiet . it takes a genuine effort for me to talk . i don't like to talk . when i do talk , its ... hey , guys ! this is one of my first threads so , forgive me if this is too sloppy ! : unsure : i just want there to a thread dedicated to discussing this very significant aspect of our personality : the ... i have loved to read for as long as i can remember ! i've been the bookworm shy girl since elementary school . i find reading completely fascinating . it's a great escape from reality , especially when ... so , here are some pics of me from a trip to visit my family in guatemala . this is me at san phillipe castle ( i'm on the left in the first pic , my entp sister is on the right ): 5083550837 this is at ... i grew up with my entp sister . her personality is so complimentary to mine . i would be completely thrilled to find someone with her zazzy personality . maybe a j . entp or entj . that would be perfect ... favorites : arrested development heroes ( first season only ) house the big bang theory modern family atla / korra firefly psych fullmetal alchemist hi , rico ! its great to see that there is another isfj joining us ! i'm an isfj too ! welcome to perc ! be sure to post and introduce on the isfj forum ! xd the first time i took the test was in homeroom senior year of high school . i was completely intrigued . but , i , unfortunately , forgot the name of the test and my results . my first year of college , i ... i am a little obsessed about relationships in general . its almost like ... i mold myself for other people . if i notice they need something or want something i do just about anything to make it happen ... 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? a dog . 2 . name an accomplishment that you are proud of : something i'm proud of ? of myself ? ha . i ... i become impatient with myself and inconsiderate people . i hate it when i lose things , forget things , mess up or disappoint others ... i also become impatient with things or people that aren't doing ... i'm usually at home . i like to play the piano , watch movies , read , be on the computer and play the viola ... but , sometimes i go out to the library , grocery store , movies or restaurants . lately , i've ... people have asked me if i could change my type , what i would change it to ; and i've decided that , although it would be nice to be wise and intuitive as infjs , i'm the way i am because i want to be ... pier 56 mal is an estj . he likes to be around people and is a great leader . he is organized and rational . he is not an idealist ; he is practical and action-oriented . he is a classic estj . - scar ... can i talk about avatar : the last airbender too ? please ? because i don't think we have enough data / evidence to prove character's type in lofk right now ... legend of korra : korra : estp mako : ... i know of only one other isfj and she isn't all that interested in psychology . at least , i'm pretty sure she isn't . i like psychology , but , i don't think that i would study it in school or anything ... when you finally find the words to explain how it is to be with others by reading this brilliant quote : x93socializing is as exhausting as giving blood . people assume we loners are misanthropes , ... reassure him that you want to hear his complaints and that its not bothering you . try to include him in things because isfjs easily talk themselves into thinking that someone doesn't like them ... one day in 2001 , i was a very confused , stupid kid wondering why everyone was upset and freaking out in homeroom . then , my p . e . teacher turned on the news that showed two buildings falling down . growing up , my family has always had really hard financial problems . i never asked for anything growing up ... getting a candy bar or something small every once and a while was a miracle to me . i ... so , when i get really stressed and overwhelmed , my shadow side comes out . i imagine the worst-case scenario in every situation ( my ne going crazy ) . i get really spacy and distracted . i'm usually ... when after an hour of company , you're ready to crash and take a nap . - big bang theory - modern family - arrested development - house m . d . - psych - heroes ( only season one ) no . i haven't . but , i wouldn't stand down if fighting was the only solution . usually i'm pretty cool-headed . '