yes , this is very useful and the reason for which i have no trouble with memorization . the words don't even need to be related at all , as long as i have a feeling for why they fit together . it also ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=mENmbZ5Ikto&NR=1 it's been a while but i feel good all of a sudden ... i feel like giving everybody here a hug for no particular reason . ^ ^ i'm becoming myself again and i've finally decided to wake up and take ... i admit that sometimes i like myself for the things i do , but most of the time i'm an idiot . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEKRm4xf2cU&hd=1 mom : isfj dad : entp sisters : isfj , intp i fear fear . - . - hufflepuff - 14 ravenclaw - 14 gryffindor - 10 slytherin - 6 i am definitely a hufflepuff , i was surprised to see that i tied with ravenclaw . i was also expecting gryffindor to be last because ... i confess that i wish i could care less about what people think of me . last night i was up thinking about a ridiculous and ignorant post i posted on here ages ago when i was in a ... 14 , will be 15 in a month or so ... what i don't like very much in some people is when they try to be different in a way that makes them contradictory and biased towards stereotypical views that they think are different which hides or ... afraid . there seems no reason to be , but i feel like i'm really starting to take in what awaits me in the future . in a corner , but if i sit at an open table i'd rather have my back facing the area with the smallest number of people . if i'm with family or friends , i like to sit in between them , never on the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N81mSQKrSv4 beautiful song and video . i play the piano and really love to . i always have some trouble starting to practice , but when i do , i'll sit there for ages until my back and fingers are completely worn out . others think that i am ... snape anyone ? when i look around me , everybody seems to be finding , or to already have , something meaningful in their lives while i'm still desperately looking . yup , practically just right outside of the backyard gate . i normally don't like being around graveyards too much , but this one is simply plain and beautiful . i like playing my ukulele there at night ... i see our big green garden and some purple flowers , that i hadn't seen before , blooming from the wysteria that is slowly starting to take over the patio again . i see the shed surrounded by apple ... to be honest , sometimes i really think that i'm not infj because i feel that some of the main qualities of the infj are not present within me . i don't feel very intuitive , i don't feel very creative , ... it's kind of scary that most of the questions i often ask myself , or things that i think about , suddenly appear on this forum the next day . lately , stuff like this has been happening to me even more ... i scored 51 the first time i took it but have taken it several times since and have been in the 59-62 range , which sounds more like me . my tritype is 5w6 , 9w1 , 2w1 i - 84 % n - 68 % f - 89 % j - 79 % wɐɹsıdɐuuɐdısɹɐw everything you've said up till now is exactly me . i am cautious when posting on these forums because to be honest , i feel like i don't really belong here because most of the members are more than ... selcouth : strange ; unfamiliar ; marvelous . combining the sense of strangeness with that of wonder . it reflects very well the sense of wonder and amazement at seeing something truly new and unusual ... i love cats . they're not my favorite animals but i do like them . coffee on the other hand smells fantastic , but to me , really does not have a very appealing taste . maybe when i get older i'll acquire ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_xjzP8dUqk there you go . ^ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2kZBrDXSE i recently discovered this song and feel like it describes several of my moods in ... for me , there has to be a certain amount of physical attraction for it to work , even if a person isn't physically attractive to others , there has to be something that i like about the person's ... this happens all the time when i play the piano . that's why i always get so nervous at concerts because i'm so afraid that i'm going to start thinking too much about what i'm doing and not play the ... i am definitely more of a night person than a morning person , but i do like to get up around 7am . if i wake up earlier , i'll be very happy , but if i sleep till around 8-9 am , i'll get mad at myself , i ... i don't watch much tv , but when i do , i watch ' community ' . it's a really good tv show that is quite underrated . oh , and of course , doctor who . : happy : i confess that i often don't confess what needs to be confessed to make myself feel better ... i can be very shy , and if not shy , awkward , when i am not 100 % comfortable with the person that i am with , which is pretty much nobody except my family . when i first meet somebody that's my age , ... i'm still three years away from even starting university , but at the moment , i'm very interested in cognitive science . i have always liked the science's better because in subject's like art and ... i generally don't find very many celebrities actually attractive , if you turned to a page in a magazine with a supposedly cute celebrity , i would just keep moving through the magazine without really ... i mostly just make up stories of what my life will be like the next day and imagine having certain meaningful discussions with certain people . i like to just sit there and chill . reminds me of a ... you have no idea how happy you just made me . i really want this game now , it looks amazing . i'm scorpio : determined and forceful emotional and intuitive powerful and passionate exciting and magnetic on the dark side ... jealous and resentful glad to know that some of you here are near my age , i thought i was the youngest by far . i am fourteen years old and was born in texas but am currently living in switzerland . my mother tongue is ... mom : isfj dad : entp oldest sister ( 20 ): intp middle sister ( 17 ): isfj youngest , me : infj my mom will do anything for us and help us get through difficult stages of our lives that we are ... when i was younger , i was considered a tomboy ( i kind of giggle about that nowadays , not that i'm girly or anything , just definitely not a tomboy now ) and therefore would hang out more with guys ... 8 on crystal and 7 on environmental tan , blue and indigo . i would never admit this to anybody in real life but sometimes i feel like i can totally understand hitler - . - ... although i would never even think of doing anything as insane as he did , the way he ... ^ this . 1 - my world seems fake sometimes because nobody knows who i really am as i am constantly in disguise . if i ever show signs of my true self , people don't believe it's me and think that they ... always , and i will have a deep connection to anything that reminds me of my childhood . it really gets me down , knowing that i won't ever be able to go back . i grew up in brazil and about a year ... god seems more like a kind of story in my head , but never something that i would be able to physically see or touch . i like the idea of god that you can turn to in times of trouble , whether he exists ... when i lucid dream , which is fairly often , there is never a moment where the dream waits for me to make a decision , so i am never bored . the dream will carry on as if i was not lucid dreaming . in ... i am afraid of a lot of things , horror movies , violent movies , even certain things that don't seem scary to anybody else at all . i used to faint when i saw my own blood , i got over that , ... nighttime is when i am the most likely to forget that i am still living on this planet and just get lost in my thoughts . i love that .