' somewhere between 5 and 10 years , i honestly don't know , and that's not going to change . i have a very strict definition of love , the only kind of love i consider to be love is unconditional and ... yup yup vegetarian dem good old neutral colors . black , white , and gray . i also love the green of tree leaves . from the all caps i assume he is talking about mbti therefore it is not a conflict relationship as in socionics infp would translate to approximately infj . it would be a duality relationship . i often find myself thinking about this and wondering what it all means . but philosophically i would say instead of bizarre . sometimes i'll just stop and think : wait , there are people who weren't ... my favorite part of music is something between collision and the bridge . a collision is a section of music where different parts overlap one another , usually for a short period . it is mostly used in ... excessively so , and i know exactly why i am like this too . both fortunately and unfortunately there is nothing i can do about it though . i have what is known as a fearful avoidant attatchment stlye ... i just turned 18 about a month ago and will graduate high school in about 3 weeks . my whole life i've hated school , its sad really because i love education , i can spend hours on the computer learning ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RYlAPjyNm8 mom-isfj ( pretty sure . she has bipolar so ... ) dad-isfj books , figurines , pokemon cards , and cd's . so many cd's :D ! ! ! the maze runner trilogy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFS2Am1Ouog cargo pants . i really , really , don't like jeans . i feel they are just so overrated and i find that they're uncomfortable to touch or wear . i only put up with them if they're a really dark blue or ... you scored as buddhismyou scored as buddhism . your beliefs most closely resemble those of buddhism . do more research on buddhism and possibly consider becoming buddhist , if you are not already . in ... infj ? hell ya ! te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 70 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 40 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... 1.blue 2.green 3.orange 4.yellow i live in south eastern minnesota . if you want to know what the weather is like just ask . :) so i've been a vegetarian for about four / five months now , and my parents are still unhappy with it . they're not shoving meat down my throat but they don't really respect my views and keep telling me ... deep winter . very cool , all my favorite colors are in there . especially the blacks and shades of grey . :) post your favorite and most emotional music videos and we shall discuss which are the best ! i'll start this out with my favorites ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP4clbHc4Xg ... i seem to be the only one who really like music from the 2000 ' s . not the crap that play on most radio stations and call music , but bands like rise against , mayday parade , the used , a day to ... ok so i took the socionics test and i got eie . it sounds exactly like me and says its ( enfj ) ? ! i've since been looking into the closet extrovert , and i'm starting to think i might be one .   ... alright you need more information so i'm working on a socioncis ( however that's spelled ) test . i'll post the results when i'm done and you can analyze away . so i'm an infp then ? thanks guys , especially liquidlight ! last question then , are my functions very oddly balanced as well ? is this a good or bad thing ? so what you're saying is i'm just too awesome for a type right xd ? infj and intp are extremely similar , i have watched a lot of youtube videos on this and all claim that these an infj's closest type ... well i know my fi is 100 % there's no faking that . but the fe on the other hand i am pretty sure i am half faking . i mean i have it all , i just don't think i really want to use it as much as i do . i ... like the man said , looks like you're an infj . you are without a doubt an nf . your ni is very high and what's going to pair with that ? an extraverted function . the only high extraverted function you ... um ... i was talking about my sister's ex , not my own . : laughing : i might do this but i would just do the exact opposite of what they do . the way i see it what the experts think is probably ... that helps some but this would should be a lot more helpful . take this and post the results . it tells each individual function . jungian cognitive function quiz this describes exactly how i feel about my sister's boyfriend . they all hate him , my sister even got a restraining order against him which was a major overreaction and i still like him and talk with ... when you put it that way ... i have absolutely no clue . i don't know if this will help but here's something i often do . all right so i'm a junior in high school and you know how there's just so much ... i have an esfp friend who told me about this . he said that he was hated being alone because then his brain wandered to things he didn't want to think about . he basically told me he didn't want to ... thelaughingman might be right but i simply can't tell from how you've explained yourself , each line contradicts the next . could you post your results for cognitive test on this site on this page ? ... the problem is that the descriptions for all three fit me pretty damn well , its really a case of which description is best . the problem with the enfj option though is that i have always been an ... velasquez is right that you are an nfp there is no doubting that . personally though i think you are an infp because of a few of your answers that i read , because first off i am an infp and have a ... personally , unless i knew that staying would eventually lead to a reward worth all the trouble , i would just quit . i don't need people to tell me how to run my life . it would just lead to a lot of ... by pre-determined do you mean who i want to be , not who i actually am ? all right i took a completely different test and took my sweet time to make sure that i answered them all honestly . here's what ... all right ... neither one is accurate , but fe is closer , you might have that as a tertiary then . ok entp and intp both have it towards the end . entp - ne ti fe ... my best guesses as to what the dreams could mean are 1 : you don't feel in control of your life right now because someone or something is blocking the way , maybe even yourself . 2 : the universe is ... yup no contest . velasquez is right . you're an intp . all right well we can definitely rule out any types with strong fe which would be infj and enfj because of a few of the ways you described yourself . you say you can have very strong feelings and that ... alright well i'm almost positive that i'm an infp now . i used to think i was an infj , and i probably was at one time , anyway here are my cognitive functions . i was just wondering are these normal ? ... i know i'm not strictly an infj . i identify more with infp . but honestly i kind of border on these two . just check out my cognitive functions . your cognitive functions : introverted feeling ( fi ) ... - kingdom hearts all the way . played 1 , 2 , and chain of memories . - fallout - bioshock ( the good ending is amazing ! ! ! ) - final fantasy - the legend of zelda - cod : zombies ! ! ! - dragon age infp here . according to western astrology i'm an aries but i really don't fit the description at all . but according to vedic astrology i'm cancer , which actually fits . procrastination hmm ... let's see . well first off the procrastination is damn hard to stifle . anyone who's been a j there whole has no idea how hard it really is . we often want to try and work like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGNXLOBgBsk let's do it ! :) '