' happy chinese new year ! ! ! ^ _ ^ just thought i'd share it with all the infj's ( and asians ) :P https://scontent-b-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/t1/1425538_10152156619924330_157902031_n.jpg ... 8055080551 two of my favorite things :) traveling & puppies : crazy : her name is cookie btw ! i'm having second thoughts about my type being infj for this one very reason . i thought it was an infp characteristic to have my faith in god be my driving force , because i judge the rest of the ... i'm a guy so it's not a gender difference problem . and yes i've usually been the one asked out because i barely ever seem to initiate anything on my own ... and that's to my everlasting shame ... i'm actually quite the opposite on this point . i almost always make a list of why things wouldn't work out between me and the person that asked me out on a date . if i gave you a chance a . k . a ... i love this last picture of you in the mirror , like you're just another work of art in the gallery ^ _ ^ p . s . i love your avatar , i'm crazy about some of the korean dramas like chuno and queen seon ... 7608376084 i chose these pictures because they aren't directly pointing at my face lol . one's of me kissing the blarney stone in ireland and the other one's me pouring the perfect pint of guinness at ... i'm talking about this picture right here . just behind your left ear is a pikachu . : crazy : pikachu's the little yellow mouse looking plush toy by your head in that pic : happy : you have a lot of character in your face , very deep i suppose ^ _ ^ woooh go pikachu ! :p roud : p . s . i really like your hair ! if you're anything like me , changing your body won't make a huge difference . i'm still extremely uncomfortable in my own skin , but what my looks have gotten me are the initial interaction with more ... i wouldn't consider myself having any eating disorder , but if i eat too much food , i tend to make myself throw it back up because i equate it to how much cardio i need to do to burn it off lol . i ... like i always say , fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on you . ^ _ ^ but seriously forgiveness is the best thing you can do for yourself first and foremost . bitterness is like a poison ... you know you're an infj when ... * you have times that you want nothing more than to be someone other than yourself because it would be so much easier to not think and act the way you do or be the ... i do the guy version of this lol . dousche bag mode , and unfortunately i have the look for it :( everybody chalks me up for some stupid gym rat ... but i'm just really shy ... : sad : i don't think i am for the most part . just this unavailable woman . when i noticed i loved most everything about her but knew she was unavailable , i didn't want her , i wanted someone like her . it's ... this is very true . i have unavailable stamped across my forehead . but i attribute that to knowing that i need not pursue someone based on my initial judgement of whether or not we'd be compatible , ... this is just what i needed . i have been feeling super anxious and just generally depressed about my life lately . my bouts of anxiety tend to be the norm for me , but for a couple months in the ... you look very dainty :) just wondering if you got your name from the cartoon fairytales ? my enneagram types are 9w1 and 4w5 . so i have a 5 wing ... if that makes any difference . i can never let them know the depth of my love for them because they've hurt me in the past , especially my mom ... haha , just a creative way to say you're stunning : tongue : marry me ? ! :p roud : i loled so hard ! ! ! ^ _ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqSXmVcEi4 start the video at 1:16 if you just want to listen to the song . i get tingles every time i listen to this song . ( she's 14 ) lol you're silly . that's the best part about anonymity . : ninja : this is the way i think about the friendzone and nice guys for the most part . * this goes both ways * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VXXX9iVPI if i could ever speak bluntly , i'd tell people ... you look so happy that it makes me tear up ^ _ ^ i hope you really are that happy , hehe i guess i when i was younger i spent my time trying to fit in with the wrong groups of people as well , haha ... that and i've always had a kind of social awkwardness about me when surrounded by too ... i have these pics on a different thread , but i thought it might be appropriate here as well . many people keep on saying they don't look good but don't realize they can do things to change that ... i think it's a texture thing for me . if i were to eat slowly , i'd think it was disgusting bouncing chewed up food in my mouth for too long . plus after the first sec . or two of chewing , i feel as ... i'm like most people on here , i inhale my food . i also don't have a stop button so i try to portion my meals out on my plate and not go up for seconds ... or tensies ^ _ ^ the only thing i really try ... kissing my puppy after work :p roud : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka1JNhprlag i'm not indian , and i don't understand it , but i love the song ^ _ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdyC1BrQd6g i understand this song though , its ... fixed i underwent a similar situation like that during my first year of college where i broke up with my high school sweetheart . i gained the freshman 15x3 lol . it took me a good year to get over her and ... this is exactly how i am as well , i love to workout and eat right since i've left high school . this has led to my former classmates that i run into to not recognize me in the least . once , i ... this totally agree with this right here :) i love my family to death and would do anything for them , but i can never let them know that i love them without end . i can only show glimpses of this and ... i agree . i guess i was trying to ask it in a dysfunctional kind of way . like in an unhealthy person , but even then , those are not related to any one type . lol that's a little embarrassing that i'm linking my childhood with my little pony ... but i think it was what my sister used to say when she was trying to play with with me or just be cute overall ... i love your name ^ _ ^ idk why but it reminds me of my childhood :D jeez ... i'm getting anxious just reading these posts ... i see where all sides are coming from and why they're saying what they're saying , nevertheless , i'm afraid to say that i hate conflict enough ... backpacked across italy for 2 weeks ... with almost no money and no real plan . the world is beautiful and the people in it :p roud : one word . chuno ! ! ! ( if you haven't heard of it , watch it ! ! ! ) i definitely wasn't always and still am not always comfortable with my own physique , but i've come to the conclusion that the way i viewed my self image was only serving to make me have less ... you sound like me in female form hehe ^ _ ^ except i have an estj brother . i confess that i'm lonely and yearn for a perfect relationship ... one that i'm afraid is unattainable ... even a platonic relationship where someone just gets me . i hate feeling unequally yoked ... i feel the same way , and my good days are once every month or so lol . have more confidence riela , you're beautiful ! :) you're such a cutie ^ _ ^ wait , wait , wait ! why's everyone getting depressed ? : frustrating : what kind of people tend to hit on you guys ? i can't imagine someone like me would ever be the initiator of such an occurrence ! on another note , i usually know right off the bat if i'm going to ... '