' i'm an intp who knows an isfj and an esfj . i want to be friends with both of then , but i have trouble approaching them without feeling awkward . does anyone here have any idea how i can talk to ... cheeky nandos i love paula polestar i'm pretty thin , but not underweight . my weight is normal . how much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood i'm never lonely . video - furry class presentation | the cringe channel lord help us . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkZ9sSgGPrs this would probably belong in the debate board . i'm positive there's thread like this somewhere deep in the archives of perc , but i can't seem to find one . i've started playing dangan ronpa recently , and i am positive kyouko kirigiri is an ... why would you come looking to intps for friendship ? unless , you're curious in the intp behavior , right ? i saw a dog in my room infjs and infps tend to annoy me a bit . however , infps are a lot better at not being annoying than infjs are . edit : i noticed the poster above put istj for annoying . i have an istj sister , and i ... 391290 goodnight , space cowboy . 391178 3911 86 391194 3912 02 what the fuck why can't i make these bigger those god teen fucks ! 391082 major dick bong bonus : 391098 kek ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i fucked up shit godammit uhmm :) :) :) sweaty :( :) :) :) :) :) th :) :) ats :) :) :) :) :) :( :) :) :) :) :) :) r :) a :) c :) i :) s :) t i put my birth date in wrong . can i fix it , or will i just have to bear with it ? i brought ribs . i wouldn't call myself a happy person . i generally don't really ... feel strong emotions often . the rarest , being happiness . nowadays , if you could get a feeling out of me it would most likely be ... don't believe me ? watch this video ! wow how culd u do tht 2 a shoo how dare u ur goin to hill 386914 mami tomoe is my waifu . 386906 i bet your waifu is shit . how did we go from talking about how happy intps are to the minimum wage to maust's avatar ? u fkn wot m8 ? ? ? wun tiem gril an boi wer siitn togeter he esk is gril of want poptar she say ' yis ' he get hte poprat gril tel him ' i am pregnanint do u stall luv me 4ever ' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ i hate hugs often when i have a train of thought , i start pacing around . notice me senpai . notice meee i don't seem to dream often anymore ... deez nuts i can't even believe that he was even able to register . i catch myself starting nearly every sentence with so and ending stuff with , right xd im radomer than u ! ! ! lol ... this is a good threab becuz it means i can meet moar random peeps leik me ! ! ! 11 ! ! 11 ! ! ! 1 ! ! ! xd lol cats teehee lolololol ! ! ! im apart of ~ ~ le 9gag army ~ ~ becuz their ... i came from a religious family too , like many people in this thread . i'm an agnostic . i respect religion , but i just feel that holding a belief system 24/7 isn't for me . why are you drunk , sir ? i'm so tired . today during school i was buzzing with thoughts as usual , and i could answer any question . but then i had dinner and now i'm too tired to think hard about things . ugh . try ... holy shit the number of pages a ͟ ͖ ̕ ̜ ̔ ̼ ̯ ͒ ͍ ̢ ̒ ̌ ̡ ̣ y ̪ ̑ ͊ ̸ ́ ̹ ̖ ͣ ̀ ̎ ҉ ̀ ̼ ̹ ͅ ͣ ̓ ̇ ̻ y ͭ ̤ ̎ ̓ ͑ ̺ ̶ ̻ ̼ ̔ ̚ y ̐ ̓ ͭ ͉ ̗ ͤ ͣ ͑ ̩ ̙ ̞ ͦ ͖ y ̝ ̌ ͎ ̯ ̘ ͏ ̘ ͦ ̔ ̜ ̟ ̴ ͨ ͞ ͇ ̧ ̥ ͒ ͍ ̳ y ̆ ͨ ̖ ͒ ̃ ͩ ͒ ̉ y ̓ ̟ ̥ ̜ ̟ ̴ ͤ ̻ ͘ ͕ ͢ y ͨ ͙ ͮ ̴ ͝ ͍ ͭ ͤ i don't know how i would handle that situation . hmm ... maybe . dogs are shit , cats are also shit , animals suck . 376570 people hate intps ? '