' i play some video games , mostly rts or fps , but really i just don't spend a lot of time playing them . i can never go on a video game bender like some of my friends where they just play nonstop for ... what a ironically close-minded thing to say . i'm really into physics . starting my first year at uni next year and i'm diving right into the accelerated physics program , should be a blast . i'm also into things like engineering , programming and ... i once read an article featuring a study where they found evidence that ' genius ' is caused more by hormones than genetics . specifically large concentrations of testosterone in the brain during fetal ... i think feynman would have to be my favourite . the man was incredibly versatile , funny and interesting . i've avidly watched what interviews i could find with him on youtube and am currently looking ... on most counts , this video sums up how i feel about ron paul and his supporters , but less angry . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYaujnR_8NE 21826 this is exactly why i can't take feminism seriously . saying that it's okay to disown someone for watching porn and then doing everything in your power to make them know what it feels like ... i am sorry that you or someone you know was raped , but honestly the whole dispelling men from your life for watching porn thing is fucking stupid . well , we are talking about exposure to testosterone in the brain in utero . this testosterone does not necessarily stay there when they grow up and thus wouldn't mean that they display the symptoms of ... my apology for misunderstanding , i had read lawlets post first and sorta mentally amalgamated yours with his . as for the whole ' gifted ' thing , i didn't really mean gifted in the prodigy ... well lawlet and alto , you both seem to share a few things in common so i'll answer you at the same time . neither of you either read or understood my post , you seem to have a weak grasp on genetics ... ha ha ha . yeah , my iphone likes to fuck with me by making really obvious changes to my posts to lure me into a false sense of security , and then do some subtle ones that i miss while proofreading . of course certain personality types have played roles in our evolution . not to the extent where certain mbti classes are intensely favored , but we have evolved to be social creatures . that means that ... if life had the balls to give me lemons i'd punch the bitch in her face and take her mints . lost mine at 14 , 3 weeks till 15 to a 16 year old girl from the next town north who was a total tramp . unfortunately , since i didn't really know heart all , i had no idea that i was her eigth guy . she ... interesting that you say that as i am pretty much musically retarded . i never listen to music , in fact i find it quite distracting unless it's pretty deep into the background like a quiet tune in a ... i think of my post to thank ratio as a highscore . i like my ratio to be good , but i wouldn't not post to conserve it . instead , i'd think up some long winded way of explaining my answer in a way that ... yep , i posted that when i was flipping through the thread and didn't bother to see if it was already covered . i still have yet to figure out how to delete it . :P edit : fixed now , cool it on the ... favorite concept ? probably atomic theory . whenever i think about it i have radical perspective shifts where i remember that everything i encounter is 99.9 % empty space and that i'm not really ... how about we treat those 14 year olds as we treat the mormons and say that they don't really represent us at all . i am saying that i think , there is no reason the believe in god ( see my earlier post on page 2 for that ) and if there is one , humans are not important to it . the other thing that comes to my mind when talking on this subject is that we as human beings evolved on this tiny little planet orbiting a boring star in some backwater of the milky way . if the ... i'm an atheist . it always bugged me how people always say you can't disprove god . that's very true , but you can't disprove that there is a flying teapot on the far side of the moon until you ... that's fascinating . i've never heard of a fusor . my knowledge and reading about fusion history and appliances has been mostly limited to commercial power generation potential , which the fusor has ... are we talking nuclear fusion ? if so , you are the victim of a hoax . fusion is no easy thing to create and it take tremendous energy to make a fusion reaction and the output is even greater than the ... saying we use water as fuel isn't really true . we use the gravitational potential energy of rivers by damming them and making the rushing water spin a turbine . in my town we also have hydrogen ... well , i clicked on this expecting a good ol entp basking as the intp > entp thing made me think you were saying intps are better than entps . i feel lied to . :( to wonder is natural , and good . the fact that there are so many possibilities in the universe , and that we know so little however , is not an excuse to make up random things and then say yes , but it ... there is no evidence , and there is no reason for us to think that there would be . i too love the stars , but i see astrology as a perversion of science and i do what i can to articulate to myself and ... annnd , i realized that you and madeinchina were separate people . sorry , i totally thought you were op for a while :P . okay , you said that you wanted to see discussions . i tried to start a discussion with you out of the sheer convenience of the fact that the reply button was on your post and you were the one who ... that'd no small claim . that's a huge claim with no evidence . wine vintages exist because the age of the wine and it's growing conditions of the year it was juiced have large affects on the wine , this ... that's a good point . i did sorta tangent there to go after astrology , but still , i would say that the two are connected . i don't really like that you said earlier that you wanted to see ... the moon , does have a gravitational influence on earth . it is the reason for the tides and has measurable affects on many things in our world . i don't pretend to know how much about it's effect on ... let's investigate seasons . seasons are made by the angle of incidence between solar rays and where you are standing on earth . we are very in tune the different seasons as a survival mechanism . if a ... for the sake of discussion , and i do love discussion , suggest a reason to me why the relative positions of the stars at the time of my birth would affect my personality in any for except ... these threads are proof that intp =/ = smart . just another way of thinking . if you understood how magnets work you would know that these designs don't work . no . whoever wrote this has never heard of lenz's law , or is deliberately insulting my intelligence . an induced current is always in such a direction as to oppose the motion or change causing it . i feel like i have been gifted , but the gift comes with great responsibility . i have been given power , and that power needs to be used to further the endeavors of mankind . i plan to do this by ... yes and no . i try my best to keep my mind open to all schools of knowledge which is obviously impossible , but i do try . on the other hand , i have tendencies when i am focused say on a physics problem ... i think that i will teach my children anything they care to learn about . i was thinking about this earlier today actually and i decided that my kids will have the best answer i can give to any of ... you're a moron and a naysayer . you have no place in scientific conversation . you may even have more knowledge of science than i , but you are devoid of ambition and imagination . i suppose i'll make this clear one more time and let the further readers refer back . i never said i intend this change to take place immediately . there are huge flaws that must be overcome and issues ... indeed there are many uses to this approach , but my problem would be that there us a big difference between taking genes and using them creatively to gain organelles from another kingdom and creating ... ignoring your logistical problems that are nearly impossible to answer because this isn't even in the preliminaries , it's just hypothetical talk , i want to make it perfectly clear that this in no way ... there are certainly lots of logistics involved , but i am not entirely interested until i actually know if it will work . a fair point , and i don't know the feasability of such a project but shouldn't we at least be trying to see if it's possible ? shouldn't we at least be trying this on say mice to see if we can make it ... you would be right if i were proposing a short term quick fix . if say 100 individuals were given the gene therapy and the ability to hold chloroplasts , there will be people that will want their ... well , the sea slug made the chloroplasts work so let's assume that we can do the same . your organ idea wouldn't work as the organ needs sunlight , so the skin is the best option . the chlorophyll would ... '