' thank you for reading . i'm sorry it's really long . i really don't know what to do . i'm 15 and i've had bad chronic headaches for 3 years , neck muscle spasm pain / shoulder pain for almost a year , my ... no , i don't . some people get it all the time tho . primarily talking about street drugs if you've ever taken any . did you feel like they altered your mbti ? not at all . ... as a child , i could be quite sensitive at times . at one point i took the mbti quiz and got esfp . esfp doesn't fit me though . i have always been a t , but i think my fe is pretty strong . no i'm not someone told me that their friend showed up to an exam without a pencil . they sat there for a whole two hours doing nothing because they were too shy to ask for a pencil . : laughing : street smart . what do you think is more valuable to have ? probably esfp . how would you describe your flirting style ? people seem to have taken feminism to an extreme . the definition of feminism is : feminism is the belief that all people are entitled to the same civil rights and liberties and can be intellectual ... what are some sp activities to do at home ? i generally workout , listen to music , sketch , play guitar , watch tv , go on online forums , video games ( if you play video games what ones do you play i ... my isfj mother has it . it runs in her family which consists of sj's what did you do ? an intj i know ( he is straight ) drops doors on girls who must guys would run for and forgets their names . i don't know if this is common with other intjs . i think that sensors care a hit more ... yeah . i'm that person who drags everyone onto them . i actually love the himalayan tho . hell yeah . i think that's what sps live for . my isfp friend falls down or knocks something over everywhere we go i love halsey's music . she seems like and enfp ( could be esfp ) 7w8 . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVhXi6RMxMg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRsGEDfJwo0 https://www.16personalities.com/articles/religion-and-personality-type my father is an intj and my sister is entj . my dad's whole side of the family is nt . my mom is isfj and my brother is istj . my mom's whole side of the family is sj . there are no other sps in my ... the school system right now i feel is great for n's . nt's academically and i think exnx's overall . they want people to be extroverted ( enjoying group work , being talkative , good at presenting , being ... giggling when something awkward happens . either to me or somebody else . after meeting someone about 2 times i generally feel like i know their whole character . i think i'm pretty good at being tuned into little things like how they carry themselves , facial expressions , ... not often ( aka basically never ) . i've had a couple of xstj guys like me but they seemed kind of boring to me . i seem to make friends easily with xsfjs and isfps easily tho . i don't think i'd ever find an estp attractive . maybe an isxp tho . a couple . i've got a shit-ton more of my friends i want to test but i'm sure they'll think i'm weird : tongue : i think ti doms are . i know that extroverts feel charged after being with people and introverts with being alone . after i've been with friends i feel great . we've usually done some dumb shit together and hade fun . i ... not easily , plus people generally leave me alone . yesterday i almost tripped down the stairs at school : frustrating : but nobody laughed . one time i stupidly walked in the complete wring direction ... the first time i took the test i got ... infp . every time after i got entp . i have found enneagram tests more accurate on me . an estp i know definitely isn't . he's been dating his girlfriend for a year now and makes cheesy inst posts with them hugging and captions them with shit like there are lots of fish in the sea but ... never dated anyone . the biggest crushes that i've had was on an isfp and one on an esfj . for people who have liked me ( i didn't like them back ) was an estj , istj , and a different esfj . what's your mbti ? what's your job ? intj - katniss everdeen - the hunger games intp - ? entp - caption jack sparrow - pirates of the carribean entj - jan levison - the office infj - rory gilmore - gilmore girls i think my problem is i have really fantastic bad ideas . how is your demeanour when you're in class / work ? i just kind of have a poker face . people tell me i'm hard to read ( i like it this way ) . how often do you choose to interact with others ? as ... my wall building skills ( they're trump level ) . yes that describes me . unless you know me well you might say that i'm an istp . 1 . estp 2 . depends on the situation but i usually pick myself i'm in high school and everyone seems to know what they're going to be and say that i need some sort of a plan so i know what marks / courses i need . i really don't have any big plans or dreams . i ... dove cameron seems like an isfp to me . here is some of her writing https://www.instagram.com/p/BRzVBN9gDNZ/?taken-by=dovecameron&hl=en i've seen her typed as an estp but jennifer has said that she needs alone time to recharge . she really doesn't seem like an istp to me so that leaves me with ixxx he is an intj but i don't think he is a healthy one i think i'm pretty damn good at typing people generally but i can't get my one friend so this is for her . i'm to sure if this is good enough or not . 2 . you are with a group of people in a car , ... compliment - you have such a dirty mind ( i'll take that as a compliment ) complaint - you're so messy / lazy in groups ? one on one ? also would you consider yourself to be the life of the party ? intj - this weird kid in my class who is a loner and sits and plays on his ds ( yes ds ) during class , gives these really weird in-depth science presentations , and shouts out things like i'm bisexual ... well i don't know if they were role modles maybe just celebs / characters i liked a lot . when i was 3 and my mom had bought me all the disney princess stuff it was ariel ( esfp ) . think i just wanted ... based on stereotypes all xstps do . i actually what one so bad lol '