' ah , i know what this is . this is intuition . the way to be able to put our intuition into words is by being in a state of openness and relaxation . you cannot force or try or attempt . these things ... lol , sorry about the font change . i feel the same way towards women . i never make the first move because then i will worry that she doesnt really like me lol . i just cant deal with rejection so i ... im preoccupied lol . i agree with those results . ive always been the jealous type :/ i tend to attract clingy women so i guess it works out for us that way lol . our emotional problems kind of ... well no question in my mind lol . hitler was a type one there is no question about it . he felt like he had mission in life . had strong convictions , very idealistic and thought the world and people should be like he wanted them to ... i dont like to stereotype based on mere behavoir either . but i would say that the pixie behavoir would contradict the first two letters of the infj . introversion and intuition . could there be ... thank you . this is exactly the point i tried to make in one of my previous threads . anyone who acts like a manic pixie dream girl but claims to be an infj has mistyped himself / herself . ( or just ... well , its no surprise . contrary to what many people believe on this forum , being an infj does not make you a good person . too many people confuse personality type with morals . morals and behavoir ... ive always viewed money as a means and not an end . ive spent many hours thinking about what it is i value most in life . is it love ? happiness ? pleasure ? and while i certainly value all of these ... right , both men and women like sex . and i can provide plenty of anecdotal evidence too . men call it casual sex whereas women call it short term dating . i just get angry when women pretend to not ... i want to apologize because i wasnt that clear to begin with . though i did clarify later on , but allow me to clarify again . im not saying that feeling is either feminine or masculine . im saying ... delphi 367 , thats typical feminst propaganda . and frankly offensive . im also tired of this stereotytpe that men are dogs who only want sex , and women are these innocent little creatures . its ... googoodolls . umm i just like to look neat and in order ... whats feminine about that ? and as someone mentioned , don juan and casanova . they were feelers but still manly . my point is that a male ... i agree with you . i think people here misunderstood the point i was trying to make . i wasnt bashing being feminine . i was just trying to say that being the feeling type doesnt make one feminine ... hey dont blame me ! i was compelled to write this after reading an infj description from a woman's forum . it was obvious that they had no real knowledge or experience with mbti ( not saying that i ... this is going to make some of you raise your eyebrows but ive always kind of admired the early eminem :D i really admired his courage to just speak his mind even if it offends people . ive always ... sorry if this thread sounds like im venting . although maybe it is a little bit lol . i really hate it when people think that infj is feminine type . its not . on the contrary it would actually ... you know what , at first i dismissed the idea that personality is in any way reflected in ones physical appearence , but i cant help but see a trend in infj appearences . including myself . im an ... i just noticed that usually the women who liked me first me were cholerics whereas the women i liked first were sanguines . im just wondering how i relate to other infj males in this lol , no problem :p well , i went pretty quickly into the courting phase . but what difference does it make ? lol :P im an infj male myself and i noticed a certain trend in my romantic relationships and i was just curious if its similar to other infj males . this thread will probably die soon lol , but i thought it ... well , i think it was god who drew me back into the faith . i wanted to do my own thing , i wanted to determine my own life , but god thought otherwise . depends on what you want to try . what is it that you wnat to do that is an obtacle to you getting married ? by the way lol , im terribly sorry but i must point this out . its actually spelled lose . i actually think the opposite is true . i think the tri-type theory helps clear up stereotypes and misidentifications . usually people mistype because they have traits from two or more types and they ... although im slightly skeptical of the tri-type theory , as ive ( and apparently others too ) said before , there is something to it . the mind is so complex . the enneagram even teaches that everyone has ... greetings from a roman catholic . the tri-type theory seems plausible . we have three centers of intelligence and even though one dominates wes till have the other two , therefore ist not absurd to speculate that those centers have ... '