' the perfect getaway ( 2009 ) chris hemsworth was in it , just not enough . 2 1/2 out of 5 . 15 - ish . why ? a fresh fruit cup and blueberry poptart . brunch of champions :) right now i'm in my first semester of college with my major being culinary arts . it's an associates program and i could also have the opportunity of studying abroad in italy :) there are also ... logical for me . although i'm not by any means heavy-set :d ry : heat transferal power / ability to : transfer or absorb heat capabilities : user can transfer heat . the user may use the nervous system to attack kinetic atoms through electromagnetism , so it can ... yes . when i was younger it wasn't as prevalent . but now that i'm older , i don't know if it's just me falling apart , but i've noticed that i have been becoming more and more unstable with any and ... no . i'm agnostic . as far as comedians go for making me chuckle , russell brand is on top of that list followed closely by demitri martin , wyatt cenac , mike birbiglia , and amy schumer . i think i just like unexpected ... culinary arts :) fox and the hound . it's a bit of and oldie ( classic ) but it gets me every time . : crying : i tend to lean more towards humorous / intellectual ( yes , there is such a thing ) rap . people like spose , schaffer the darklord , the flobots , lady sovereign , missy elliot , ludacris , lonely island , the ... i would rather it not be split into three . with that said i will still pay to see each one of those movies in the theater , and buy them ( on blu-ray most likely so i can see all the cool special ... dogtooth crazy foreign ( greek ) film . sociopathic father . submissive mother . and three super emotional and mentally messed up children ( 1 boy 2 girls ) . lots of nudity , good amount of violence ... i love ellen page . she's one of my favorite actresses of all time ! as for hard candy , i really liked it . the grittiness and the subject matter . two thumbs up . :D harry potter and the goblet of fire - jk rolling dogma is my favorite by far . i also adore chasing amy and clerks ( classic ) . mallrats and jay and silent bob strike back were good too though . i just love kevin smith ! ! ! so talented : tongue : rloai ( 3.1 % of women ; 2.3 % of men ) withdrawn , loner , not wild and crazy , does not like the spotlight , worrying , crowd averse , afraid to draw attention to self , easily hurt , fearful , prone to low ... hello everyone ! i'm chindraj , but you can call me chin for short . i am a intj ( and sometimes an infj . depending on my mood i guess ) . i just wanted to do a quick and proper greeting . so . hello and ... '