' i guess the picture of dorian grey by oscar wilde haha , perhaps it's not a strange book , but because of my lack of english reading skill i found it as a strange book : tongue : i was type as an i , but the truth is my friend don't believe that i'm an i type .. they found that i suite as an extrovert than an introvert one . but to be honest , i do like those kinds of activity ... i think infp and enfj can be a perfect match . recently i'm not really and i , so that leaves me as an e ... and i have a bestfriend who is infp , i'm quite comfort with my relationship with him ... slumdog milliionaire ... just recently watched that movie .. i think it's quite a good movie ... i choose trope ... because at the first election last year .. i didn't vote for him .. so now go trope ! ! ^ ^ hi enigma ! ! ^ ^ nice to know you .. what's with the crowd here : ? well , never mind , more infj here more peaceful this forum would be xd hi there ! ! ^ ^ nice to see the rapid growth for infj here :D hi numi ^ ^ nice to know you .. and for your information , , my english is not fluent either ^ ^ but i think joined a international forum like this can improve our english ^ ^ hi oliver ! nic to know you ^ ^ whoaaa an esfp ^ ^ welcome here sweety ! i also love psychology ... hope you enjoy being here ... god bless you too ... thanks crypt ^ ^ nice to see your post again :P * hugs back * snail ^ ^ hi there numi and cjay ! ! nice t know you both :D what idea ? you want to change your personality into an isfj : ? we're lack of isfjs here right .. maybe if you change your personality it will make many isfj popped out .. anyway .. perhaps i am an ... thank surreal ^ ^ it's nice to see that u haven't change your nickname and your avatar , so i don't have to guess who you are : tongue : : unsure : hmm , , i'll see the enfj description first .. but i kinda like being an i .. hmm .. i think i know one more reason you've become an e .. it's because this forum is lack of enfp and the infps ... i think i talk much in public either ... maybe i should consider to change my personality into an e too : ? what pisses me off ... a person who asked too much about my personal life .. cause like to share things to a person that i already trust .. no actually i checked her blog first berfore i reply .. so that i know who she was before ^ ^ enfp eh ? this surely something that i missed : o since when you became an e ? well .. i guess male infj is not rare afterall .. at least in here ^ ^ welcome here opus ! hope u enjoy this forum .. * reply it with a wave and a wink either * : wink : it's sounds like an interesting book .. i wonder which country described as an infj ... perhaps vatican ? ^ ^ thanks nightriser .. ^ ^ i'm fine lance ^ ^ missed you all too ... i can see that you making lots of progress here ... great job ! :p roud : hi trope miss you ^ ^ thanks ... whoaaa .. there's lots of progress in this forum since i last come here .. for the past 2 months i couldn't come here because of my limited internet connection : mellow : but now after i have a new ... are you also a procrastinator ? me too ^ ^ i thought being a procrastinator and an infj don't seem to be match xd but after you bringing up about perfectionism i think that make sense afterall :D ... hi bdubs ^ ^ nice to know you :D i really love the 4th and 8th ... but this poll already closed huh : o but thanks for all those beauty pictures :D love it nope .. i won't be able to do that .. in any circumstances .. i mostly write short story and many of them was inspired by a song that i like or a lyrics that i like . it's quite a fun things to do .. and sometimes i also write an article for a free bulletin at my ... ah yes .. many of them were like that .. but not with me .. i can't stand with insensitive man . i've once dated a man like that , and it's very exhausting . i mean , he never care about my feeling but he ... heiy you haven't talk to me yet :D anyway welcome andywyg ... nice to have you here .. hahahaha count me in : laughing : when i'm bathing i always have a specific order of what to use or what part should i wash first . or when i eat something i too have that specific way to do it .. and ... hi there clutch ! ! ^ ^ hope you enjoy this forum .. i don't know if it's a common characteristic of an infj or not .. but as for me , i kinda feel what you feel able to relate to men just as easily as women . maybe it's just a matter of high emphaty ... that's a deep thought about discovering means .. but when i first read it , i don't take discovering yourself phrase as a literally ' discover ' . just like lance said i think i take it as an enticement ... i just love your work .. it's very beautiful .. and it remind me that i'm also join the group ^ ^ see you there pru .. well , if i must say that you are not making any sense so i must say that i'm not making sense too : tongue : cause the truth is your problem is something more like me too . i'm 22 now , i work in ... i think , if she were like me , maybe she just want to know how sensitive you are .. umm .. many of the girls like a sensitive man , who doesn't afraid to express their feelings .. or maybe she just want ... lol .. for me as an infj , i would say yes it is ^ ^ it is a regular conversation . and i never knew , that the t felt it's a weird question and this fact making me laugh xd * don't know why we do like ... welcome here sist ^ ^ at last another infj :D that's just awesome .. hope you enjoy being here .. i see you have already had a pet .. so cute ^ ^ and what do you mean by that :d ry : ah yes sleep .. i think that would be a perfect escape for my grief feelings .. sometimes when i get so upset i like to cry and go to bed for so many hours .. but the bad part is , i always woke up with ... that is so great ^ ^ start writing and sharing then :) hmm , i actually never knew about mbti typing before i knew this site .. and after i know my type , and it is said that it is the rarest type , i ... welcome here scott ^ ^ i'm happy to have another infj in this forum .. hope you can enjoy this forum and be more active : happy : btw , where do you come from ? well , i never met someone who clearly state themself as an androgyne .. but i don't think i won't be bother with that .. about the research on correlation between the mb personality types and sexual ... that's a romantic dreams ^ ^ hope you will find the girl of your dreams .. so i suppose that you are now far from your original country ? where do you live now ? yes that's definitely the most ... that is so sweet ... :) i'm sure you will .. you already have the basic to do that - a soft kind of heart hi anew ! ! welcome to this forum .. i hope you would be more active here ^ ^ i don't have any courage either to have a tattoo in my body .. i'm an easily bored person .. so i'm afraid if i'm making a decision to make one , i would probably regret it a couple years from it .. i'm a type of person who can get very quiet when i'm angry .. so i think that's how i deal with my anger .. i try not to speak .. cause if i speak when i'm angry , i could be very harsh on people and ... thanks trope .. but because of my ' slow-motion ' internet i think i won't be able to download a movie from torrent : unsure : hi farmgirl ! ! it's nice to have an isfp here ^ ^ hope you can enjoy this forum :D '