' sirethanthesexy http://i40.tinypic.com/20zqs7t.jpg that was supposed to be in all caps but perc hates excitement my favorite thread caring for the wounded / grieving or isolating ourselves and preparing our minds for the afterlife . depends on whether we've given up . :) those are general traits . not infj-specific . of course . pretending to be cool with things makes interactions run more smoothly . the other person feels good , the other person builds good reputaion with me , and i'm not responsible for any ... i don't see why concern for others can't stand alone as good . i also highly value knowledge on social issues and hope to stick up for marginalized groups . i have noticed it has become a source of ... left out a few cuz mood disorder . 2 . i don't feel the right ones . the ones i feel make me an asshat . 4 . i feel sympathy for others all the time . i can't turn it off . i wish i didn't give a ... hatersgonnahate we mope about how the rest of the world doesn't care as much as us about sociopolitics . lunareclipzee infp cuz only infps like anime and being emo gut feelings are easily changed when you learn new things . what ' universal reality ' are we talking about ? basically . i try to interact with people face-to-face as little as possible . i do wish i was alone 24/7 but it's hard to do when i'm used to living with all this stuff i can't make by myself . a ... haha , so many say us infjs are mysterious . care to explain ? :) an isfp sei . she was so mysterious that i couldn't figure out her type in any other theory . ;) the introversion + keen insights ( on people ) + my difficulty figuring out what's on her mind led to ... well , i'm 6-1- 2 , and i definitely empathize & would want to comfort a 2 . not necessarily a 1 , though , who would seem like a stick-in-the-mud to me ( a little hypocritical , lol ) . i have trouble ... 6-1- 2 here . yes , i was . ;) when i couldn't do what i want w / o getting in trouble ( starting at teenage age ) , though , i just pretended to be well-behaved & misbehaved behind ppl's backs , which no one ... no , i don't like silence . i feel like i'm failing socially if there's silence . legend . of . korra . premiere . was freaking aaawesooome ! climbing up the ladder of success is what i do best ! who cares about analysis ? let's just watch this for fun ! well , i could be wrong about [ insert moral standard here ] ... i'm nothing ... run awaaay ! i'm not in a state where i'm equipped to support others , and sad people make me sad , so there's nothing left to do but leave . i don't notice a huge difference ... i'm passive-aggressive and i can be yelling at someone in my head while smiling and being nice to them ... the one case where i am more emotional in private is when ... ungrateful selfish entitled lazy burdensome stubborn mean overdramatic whiny immature in my ideal world , conflict is resolved through hugs ... eii here as well . socionics fi really stood out to me as the center of my being in a way that mbti ni doesn't . heaven . no suffering . only hugs & kitty petting . if we're talkin ' fictional world , i'd love to live in avatar : the last airbender or naruto & have cool powers . actually , scratch that , the ... racist against extroverts / introverts ? please don't compare genocide to simple personality bias / prejudice . dumb intuitive - invader zim ;) smart sensor : my esfp friend who's a physics major & loves to talk about science , philosophy , & politics . i like single player rpg games . i hate playing w / others cuz i feel i'll drag the group down . i appreciate highly quality graphics & enjoy exploring . when i battle i like to keep a distance between ... haha , my esfp friend keeps telling me to add honeys & darlings & see u laters & smilies to my messages . haven't noticed . i've had miscommunications w / every 1 , including my friend who is the same type as me in every theory . i've noticed it happen the most when ppl use logical fallacies & strawman ... you just described what i'm critical of . explain intuitive conversation . fe is fake . i like to have positive interactions with everyone . it's not my fault you interpreted it as us being best friends . :d ry : fe is fake . i like to have positive reactions with everyone , and it's not my fault you interpreted it as us being best friends . :d ry : survival . put an estp into a forest and they'll come out with two dead deers slung over their shoulders , ready to cook . put an infj into a forest and they'll come out saying they found enlightenment , ... i listen to music hours each day . my infj mother sometimes turns off the music and says , i just want some peace and quiet right now , and i'm like , how could you not want music playing ? ! ? i play ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr1f6uNe971qhtjfto1_r2_500.gif humility ... to answer the necro op , i desire a positive atmosphere , free of conflict ( unless someone gets hurt , then i strike ) , and to build a good reputation with everyone ( unless they're bigots ; then i'll ... speaking of this , i always laugh when someone makes a joke , even when i don't understand it or don't think it's funny . the purpose of a joke is to make people amused and so i don't want to bring down ... death ... 80057 source it's an attachment . click to see a larger picture . i don't deserve such praise banned because keep calm posters are old hat ! 1 ) describe your relationship with passion uhh ... well i conceptually care about certain values very much , but i don't necessarily have immediately intense emotions backing them up , nor do i ... scum , suicide , feel . surprisingly accurate . because it's fun :D mbti forums bring a more heterogeneous population than other sites i visit ( which are about one specific trait / hobby that everyone shares ) so i like to talk about ... life with you ... ehh . i wouldn't call myself one way or the other . i got told once that i see a bunch of things that everyone else ignores but i'm pretty sure that's only because she was a naive optimist and i'm a ... because they'll stomp all over my sensitivities and dismiss my problems as stupid . why try ? i don't feel the need to . '