betrayal on any level . my trust is my most valued trait that i give to others . you betray me , and i will have no time or patience for you . i may forgive , but i never forget . i have to agree with teddy . i eat really fast most of the time . and it has nothing to do with my personality . it has everything to do with my profession . if you have ever been to basic training for ... i am almost ocd when it comes to planning out my finances . but if i know i have the money , i will spend it on my kids , or splurge every once in a while on something electronic for myself . i still ... i guess you could say that i am a successful isfj , since i am a senior non-commissioned officer in the u . s . army , and in 7 years had been promoted to a level that many soldiers don't even make in 20 ... i have to say that types are a mixed product of genetics and environment . shoplifting . i'm with you crow , embarrassed . today i was informed that i will be assuming a temporary position for a few months this summer as our battalion operations officer in charge , which is waaay above my pay-grade . it's actually a ... i will pray for you and your plight introvertigo . i do not know how to equate autism to mental retardation , but many of the traits you explained in your son are evident in my daughter . minus the ... i too , took a lot of grief in school about showing my math work . and this went on all the way into high school calculus and other high level math . i would constantly fight to not have to do the work ... i'll let you guys know when i figure it out again . after being steadily with someone for the better part of the last half of my life , i don't remember . i have a feeling it is going to suck though ... i like them younger , but maturity is important , and shorter . oh , and hugs don't matter how they come , hugs are awesome any way i can get them : happy : i have come to the conclusion that rushing things gets me nowhere except prolonged loneliness . i have to take the time to get used to being alone and deal with that , or i will never be able to be an ... i think it is . i can remember things that effected me or impressed me with such clarity it isn't even remotely funny , and i am constantly replaying things in my head , analyzing the manner in which i ... i have a tendency to do the same thing with my family . however , i have to girls i have to care for , and if helping my family will take something away from my daughters , i will tell them no ... my purpose in life is to minister to people . i was built by god in the way that i am , for that purpose . and once god sees fit to end my military career , that is what i will do . until then , it is a ... and as far as the fear of ending up alone , i share that fear , but at the same time you cannot allow that to let you get in with the wrong person . i struggle with that fear daily , and at the same ... agreed . if you are going to break up with an isfj , be gentle , but honest . we appreciate honesty , and will want to know the why so that we can possibly become aware of something we need to change . we ... well , i guess i can honestly say that description is not me . i have ambition and opinions . i just keep them to myself :P i can absolutely appreciate that sentiment . i am serious about dating and all that stuff as well . i don't function well in social situations with strangers and i do not like being set up with people ... it gets easier as time goes on , i have my daughters to take care of , and when mrs . right comes along all will be well again . but you shouldn't let your friends lives dictate the speed at which you ... honestly , i worry about that too , and i think that is something that keeps my temper in check with them as well . i do not want to be that father . you shouldn't feel behind in life just because you don't have kids lol . i love my daughters , and wouldnt trade them for the world , even though they drive me crazy at times lol . your young , you ... we are the care bears of the personality spectrum : wink : what you are saying makes sense . but honestly , i think our personality types may be influenced my environmental factors , but there has to be a lot of genetics in there as well . i am not abusive to my ... that's something interesting that i have wondered about . funny you would bring it up peach . my father also got very physical , didn't help that he was a raging alcoholic , but i have to watch my ... awww see ? ! when you constructively criticize an isfj like that , it makes us feel all warm and fuzzy ! thanks ! : laughing : i know exactly how you feel . i am always running over situations and thinking about how i could have handled it better . what i should have said instead of sputtering stammering , or even remaining ... trigun , you are absolutely correct . i was waiting to see if anyone else took up this topic before i jumped in . this particular passage has two meanings though , or two applications rather . 1 . all ... after two failed marriages ( i'm not perfect , but neither were my fault , unless the fact that i was a doormat counts ) , i have no choice but to approach relationships in an honest and open manner . as ... as a single isfj father of two girls , i am strict on some things and completely relaxed about other things . mainly my primary concern is that they keep their rooms cleaned and at least appear ... and while i am happy-go-lucky most of the time , there are a few personality traits that somehow manage to set me off , and turn my introversion on it's head ( probably a developed trait from being in ... i abhor confrontation as well . however , i have learned over the course of my life that it is far better to be honest and up front with someone that you are looking to establish a relationship with , ... haha ! i hate people ! the one person who knows my whole situation referenced above isn't really interested and didn't have the intestinal fortitude to tell me herself ! : crazy : i don't understand ... i think you would be referred to as an alto versus tenor lol . i generally don't eat breakfast unless i have an obvious appetite . i love burger king breakfasts though . yeah ... your right lol . we are an endearing bunch ! lol ! : laughing : i prefer free-form writing . or even creative writing . i don't have any pieces to share right now , because most of my work lately has been research papers for my religion degree , and i don't want to ... i have 7030 items in my itunes library , and while my primary taste in music ( metal ) is mostly male , with some female vocalists sprinkled in for good measure ( nothing rocks more then a female that can ... we all are a work in progress . just some people have progressed further then others . no one will ever be finished though . i am a religious conservative , but actually more libertarian . i have some friends who are uber liberals , and we just know to not talk politics and religion most of the time , but a spirited debate ... us isfj's may be quiet and kind and loving , but once we form a negative opinion of someone , and it is firmly locked in our heads , yeah , douche bags lol . when i was married to my first wife and deployed to kosovo , i spent more money on phone cards to call home then probably the rest of my squad combined . i called home at least five times a week , and ... lol , makes sense that they would both be not conservative . but yeah , like i posted elsewhere , i am apprehensive about this whole embarkation process once i am ready to find the right woman , mainly ... and then you have the pockets in each generation that are more conservative than their peers , which is he category that i fall into . of course 13 years in the army has made my views more conservative ... the biggest problem you run into when there is a huge age difference , even ten years different , is the values and life goals differences between the two people . and don't even get me onto politics ... yeah , that is a little crazy lol . i mean the older you get the less age matters , but 20 + years is a little insane , even if one is 80 and the other is 60 , still crazy ! i'm 32 . just turned it in october . i saw in your profile though that you are 21 , my oldest daughter is 13 ... you were 8 when she was born ... lol ! too bad i'm so old lol . or your so young , however you look at it . i need to find a woman like the ones on this forum . i can't find a woman who has feelings and likes to express them ! or is a giver . it is likewise refreshing to talk to anyone who thinks the way i do about relationships . i feel your pain ozziechick . i really do . i am a giver , and i have always ended up being the only giver in my relationships . it sucks to feel like you are being taken advantage of .