' talking it out doesn't work . whenever i want to talk he'd rather dodge answering . and when he does answer i have no context in terms of his thought process . he is a curiosity to me . sent from my ... i don't get it . sent from my iphone using tapatalk why aloof and cold ? is this common for infps ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk the astrological sign ( sun , moon , and ascendant ) makes a difference because an earth sign is nothing if not pragmatic , no matter which personality type , especially a double earth sign , which i am . i ... but we've had sex before ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk actually , this description of infjs sounds like infps , especially since the p side enhances the mood swings and instability of decision making since it's based on fi . do you know the infj woman's ... i heard one guy say why do we always ask people , ' how are you doing ? ' if we don't care what the answer is . we should just go around saying , ' acknowledged . ' sent from my iphone using tapatalk if you can come across as not interested , does this mean you might flat out refuse sex with someone even if you liked the person . or does rejection of sex mean you're just not interested at all ? ... so a healthy type in any personality type is able to strengthen their inferior cognitive functions and weaknesses . being around for a couple decades will do that . it was funny because i was talking ... the infp i know is a systems administrator , so i'd guess the answer to the op's question is no . sent from my iphone using tapatalk so does the reasoning behind the shy grin also explain why a male infp would decline sex with an attractive female ? is it due to negative self-talk ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm lost . i don't understand how to properly flirt with an infp . sent from my iphone using tapatalk why would a male infp not be interested in sex with an attractive female ? i thought the # 1 need for men was sex . sent from my iphone using tapatalk this sounds like the rules . are you clingy / needy / overly romantic ? i could see a male nf being that way . sent from my iphone using tapatalk xxtps sent from my iphone using tapatalk it would be more useful for quantifying data gathering to ask for personality type along with the answer . sent from my iphone using tapatalk napoleon hill , when challenged with saving money would set a goal to end a month with at least one penny in savings . so now it would be one quarter if we go with your proposal , 25x more . sent ... there's a reason why i don't diet , don't exercise , and don't wear makeup . if i die early , it would be worth it because i would get back some peace and quiet and my quality of life would be better . ... on a completely unrelated vein , people who are less attractive can sell more because others see them as just like me or if he / she can do it , i can too whereas people do not relate as much to ... i think there are perhaps nicer people who are , if not ugly , plain . the sad fact of the matter is that dealing with beauty on a daily makes one a bitch out of necessity because everytime you get your ... i forgot to mention that another benefit is that you can make eye contact outside of giving a speech . attractive people don't have that luxury . other people tend to interpret eye contact from an ... cats are planners ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk then you would be an s . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i don't think public speaking relates at all . i'm good at public speaking and have done it often . what is challenging is making and keeping friends even when we do stuff together and talk about our ... like just using the word more often sent from my iphone using tapatalk no , to the topic title . sent from my iphone using tapatalk leahomme , wait a sec . i'm supposed to open up when someone opens up to me ? ( scorpio rising here . ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk isfp is a se dom and infp is a fi dom . i heard that you can tell by how someone would describe an apple . ss would say red or round . ns would say apple tree or applesauce or johnny ... wish that they were better talking about we in relationships ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk yeah , you're probably right . it was hard to talk with him about anything serious . sent from my iphone using tapatalk yes , i would attest that leo infps and gemini infps are a completely different breed . my gemini infp was so romantic it was smothering , but my leo infp didn't want to discuss our relationship issues ... hate is just another side of love . basically most people on here have had their heart broken by someone who was not their same personality type . sent from my iphone using tapatalk infj 4w3 , middle child by birth , only child by adoption sent from my iphone using tapatalk as the most extroverted of the introverts , i don't spend enough time alone . sent from my iphone using tapatalk so maybe my ex was overcompensating because when an infp is deep in debt , that's proof that maybe he's not as self-sufficient as he would like . sent from my iphone using tapatalk would that explain why he didn't want to talk about what was going on with us ? or is it that chalked up to conflict avoidance ? it's really confusing because he won me back twice . however , maybe that ... mbti imho , but enneagram complements it . sent from my iphone using tapatalk good , to the topic title . sent from my iphone using tapatalk so do xnfps seek js to take the lead ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk no , to the topic title . sent from my iphone using tapatalk my dad's an intj . we have our ups and downs . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think nts feel the strongest about politics . sent from my iphone using tapatalk oh , i bet isfps would love this thread ... when they actually check it out . sent from my iphone using tapatalk wow ! that would explain why infjs are all about please understand me . sent from my iphone using tapatalk te judges via comparison with others or societal rules . ti is more like si in that it's more based in memory of past experiences . sent from my iphone using tapatalk yes , i have an entire row / shelf of musicals . i'm an infj . sent from my iphone using tapatalk surgeon sent from my iphone using tapatalk how can you tell if an infp is just not into you ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk this is how i type . i either easily figure out if a person is introverted , extroverted , a planner , or someone who lives in the moment . or i ask . then i figure out which of the four temperaments they ... i would assume nts . sent from my iphone using tapatalk '