' may i pop in ? i've been struggling with perfectionism for a long time , and i'd really like to have some plan to defeat it before i head off to college in a couple weeks . i thought i was managing ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? infj 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? ~ when you find a certain , indescribable peace in sadness . ~ when reflective sounds like the best mood to be in . ever . ~ when you can tell when someone is playing manipulative games . ~ when ... if chuck norris knows everything , when does he close his eyes ? work in progress . i'll finish up later . : 3 1 - i would initially freeze up , and want to pull myself out from the rest of the world for a bit . i would probably end up crying on their shoulder right ... philippians 4:6- 7 do not be anxious about anything , but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to god . and the peace of god , which surpasses all ... i have a friend who claims he knows everyone . he keeps tabs on all our issues , plays therapist for all of us , has classified us into categories based on the way our brains work , understands how ... you often feel as if you could be two different people around your family and friends . you often wonder if you are only an infj because you read the infj description , and then changed your ... when you type out a long post , but decide to delete it all because you are afraid people won't relate to it . when you find yourself feeling defeated when you read infj descriptions because you're ... i struggled with this for a while , believing i was infp because i tested as it several times and i could pick out parts of all the infp descriptions that seemed to nail me . however , after looking at ... i need to stop confiding my feelings in other people . all the conversations i've had with my parents lately have ended with them saying : you're just going in an endless loop and asking me to solve ... this thread was meant for me . i've spent at least a good two to three hours of my life contemplating this . : b my wishes aren't super deep or anything , just stuff that would be fun . 1 . i would wish ... i did that the other night at a football game . a cricket landed on someone , so they were screaming and jumping and freaking out . and i picked up the cricket and it sat on my hand for the next ten ... i ducked into the infp forum and thought the same thing . if functions are confusing for you , perhaps this website could be of aid : infj or infp ? a closer look i have visited germany once , and would actually love to try a year of college over there ( i'm still a high school student ) . when you find yourself in a strange mental battle , half of you trying to tell yourself that you're obviously the best at whatever it is you are doing , and half of you trying to tell yourself that ... hallo ! ich bin auch infj . : 3 i'm still learning german , and by no means fluent , but i absolutely love the language and the country . just a beautiful place ~ i'm also a christian , and infj . and ... wow , the music on here is awesome ! : 3 i love how a lot of it is kind of calming , soothing , and even a bit sad and reflective . that's the kind of music i would write could i get the melodies in my ... no , you shall be named piplup . and i shall steal aizar's logic . : 3 well , i'm a flute player , and i just love the way it sings ~ ( if played correctly , of course ! ) although we have a love / hate relationship . i can't stand it when i have to practice so much because i ... i confess that sometimes , i almost enjoy being upset and in despair , because it means that someone has to comfort me . i confess that i am stressed out much more than i should be , probably as a ... amazing ! yes ! this is probably one of my biggest fears as well . i probably have one of the highest grades in my german class . but i can't speak germany perfectly ( neither can anyone else , but that's entirely ... you need to be more assertive ! girl , you need to calm down ! everybody likes you ! i get those nearly every day from my friends . : b contemplative ( in a good way , of course ! ) everyone is so supportive here . : 3 and everyone always has some interesting post to read and reply to . i dunno , it just feels safe here . you know you're an infj when : your parents tell you that you should let the youth director know that you don't care for the games he plans , since he is open to suggestions , but you feel that doing ... argh . i can't give myself a break . playing tests for band coming up this week , and i still can't play stuff perfectly . instead of practicing , i have a mental break-down . and what if they make us play ... http://cdn3.mixrmedia.com/wp-uploads/girlybubble/blog/2010/08/tumblr_l7olhosn791qzpwi0o1_500.jpg you guys are making me hungry ! my friend tripped and fell down the stairs today , and we were all laughing at her . it was so funny ! and then she got all mad at us , and i was about to bust a gut laughing . she was so pathetic it was ... well , you could barely see me floor until i cleaned my room yesterday . D: but , in my defense , it was mostly sunday school lesson plans , which i didn't see a need to pick up until the summer sunday ... i'm in high school . D: but i plan on getting a masters degree . the book i just finished , the guernsey literary and potato peel pie society made my eyes water ( in a good way ) . the ending was just so perfect , just so sweet , and just absolutely wonderfully well ... the guernsey literary and potato peel pie society by mary ann shaffer and annie barrows this one might wiggle its way into my all-time favorite books . it's just such a fascinating read ! when you find yourself consumed in your day-dreams and imaginary worlds , but you know that such things will never become reality , and it is the most frustrating feeling in the world ! it's like you ... i am such a perfectionist and a procrastinator . when my parents are ready to go to bed i'm just pulling out my math books . D: i see you are already drowning in welcomes , but , i thought i'd say hi as well . yup . i'm an infj christian as well . so i can't wait to see you around the forums ! very interesting idea ! :D i've never actually played zelda , due to the lack of game consoles , but i would love to try it . i find myself preferring more open-ended games , despite my j preference ... this looks like fun ! :D sapphire ~ siamese ~ isfp sapphire is a rather laid-back cat . she is a kind , accepting cat , who often doesn't share too much with you unless she gets to know you . she ... yeah . i suppose . i always get really enthusiastic when my friends plan a big party and want me to come . i act like i'm really interested , but deep down inside i'm dreading such a gathering . i find ... hmm ... well , i'm an infj , and i often edit a ton . for example , on our summer paper , i re-wrote it some five times . and i still wasn't happy with what i turned in ( even though my grade was excellent ) ... the only time i've listened to audio books is when they're long classics that i have to read for ap lit . i find it much easier to get through them when they're read to me , even if i can't retain ... the white dragon ~ anne mccaffrey the guernsey literary and potato peel pie society ~ mary ann shaffer and annie barrows der wunderhund ~ just a collection of german children's stories is that ... personaldna | your true self revealed - fast fun free personality tests i'm a considerate dreamer . : 3 confidence 28 openness 4 extroversion 20 empathy 96 trust in others 80 agency 20 infj ~ hufflepuff . i always was on the fence between hufflepuff and ravenclaw . i liked how kind and dedicated hufflepuff was , but admired ravenclaw's knowledge . but , the test placed me as ... well , when i was volunteering at the zoo recently , all the other volunteers voted me most likely to become a mass murderer . D: my friends swear i have a dark side , and have even got me to threaten ... i have a facebook . i check it probably once every three months or so . : b and i haven't posted in a very long time . it just isn't worth it . if i want to tell you about something in my life , i'll tell ... hello , and welcome to perc ! i had the same problem , often testing as infp . but , by looking at functions and what-not , i have also decided on infj . if you are curious , there is an entire website ... welcome ! :D my mother and brother are both enfjs , so i get along with your type quite well ! :) i love your avatar . :) i can type nearly all of my friends except for my best friend . i cannot , for the life of me , pick out her type . it could be because i've just known her so long , i can't make her fit into a category ... '