' david mitchell cracks me up : ... changed my mind about posting this clip love this movie so much : american beauty https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf9kyFJ7aAI for you ' name ' i got 5 has become part of the regular vocab between my brothers , my partner and i . of ... too many to choose from . this one's a good start . m.youtube.com/watch?v=js6kakj8r9o argh ! can't work out how to get the picture . it's ' trevor ' vs mike , better call saul . 1 . you are equating success with being ' at the top ' . is that a perfectionist streak i detect ? that alone will cause you all sorts of problems . 2 . do you equate people who are visible in given ... istj , istp . why ? in hindsight i'd say that on some level i picked up on their emotional unavailability and that felt safe . at the time ; they were both pretty fit ( that didn't hurt ) , both ... so ? this seems a bit judgemental . i remember you making posts earlier about wanting a company owned equally by the employees . do you still want this ? if so , then i stand by my earlier comments ... as cynical as i am and as little as i like to mix with people , it would have to be the kid ; even if it was some cheeky little shit i didn't like . existence is everything to any given individual and ... it's been a long time since i've read novels for enjoyment but used to read a lot . favourite authors were haruki murakami , toni morrison and salman rushdie . favourite books were the bluest eye , ... this is not so much a venting post as a victory lap ... maybe even a full on boast . i've decided to indulge in it anyway since having a bit of a boast is a pretty rare thing for me . hoping it will ... nothing to add here , really just a ' me too ' post . yes , i feel that while i'm drawing air , i should at least not be any sort of burden on anyone / society . my experience with asking for help is that ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Vn8phH0k5HI can't remember how to post these youtube clips and no time to figure it out again . above link is to bedroom recording of ' jungle ' by tash sultana . it's ... just finished a girl in time by john birmingham . was a very entertaining escape . i suspect main characters are istp & intj i don't know about others but i don't think i have a depressive personality . no doubt many people who know me think i do , but that's because they don't really know me . i am familiar with the ... that sounds super inconvenient ! :( i was going to suggest using tools like dragon naturally speaking and large touch screen computers if you enjoy working in an office . otherwise , nothing comes ... amen to this ! mine are : 1 ) low stress tolerance and the unfortunate habit of leaning on food ( specifically iced coffee ) to prop me up through the stress . 2 ) the inability to relax if i know ... i'm guesssing you don't know any intjs well . :) self improvement ( i . e . real personal growth , not the rah , rah positive thinking stuff ) and fixing problems seem to be popular to intjs here and mbti ... lol ! also pretty much nothing . i figure there is probably something wrong with me . the upside is that i also don't ' feel ' anything much when i know someone hates me . i do ' feel ' of course , but other ... i love that everything is on youtube ! less reason to have to talk to a real live person unless i really want to . agreed on the blame thing , but fear of being a ' blamer ' stopped me for many years from getting the professional help i desperately needed ( though i didn't know it ) and i suspect that is very common ... that's an interesting perspective that had never occurred to me before . the thing about try-hards though is that they are mocked because they are trying to be something they aren't . as long as ... well , i am sensitive to noise ... and lots of visuals . so , that would account for a difference in communication style . the fact that it doesn't feel inauthentic to you really is the crux of it , i ... i am pretty sensitive to lots of noise and things going on around me . i can't switch ' processing ' off , then go into overload and become exhausted and need to leave . when someone is speaking to me i ... have been feeling pretty bummed lately , like i'm stuck in a trap of my own making . currently listening to a bit of tim minchin's un-pc , expletive laden , musical sarcasm : instant transformation ... stalk definition : to pursue or approach prey , quarry , etc . , stealthily . no , that's creepy . if someone sparks my interest i'd probably google / facebook them to find out more about them but it ... 3 months outside a relationship . 5 years inside a relationship . wow ! no wonder you're such an angry guy . 24.5 ish at work . always at work . are there any istps here who love their job ? if so , what is it and what do you love about it ? in the middle of an event or crisis i am turning things over in my head the whole time . once something is over though , it's over . no point in letting something that is in the past ruin the ... yes , i had this problem too . i'm not even that knowledgeable yet i have the most clue about what to do . i'd like to automate things more in our business and have started looking into it . i've ... never heard of that before . looks like fun . anyone here code for work to make their jobs easier ? specifically i am talking about people who don't do it for a living but use it to improve the efficiency / effectiveness of their main occupation . very nice description . :) i kind of think that this is what life actually is though . maybe it's just the people i know but i don't know anyone who isn't fighting their own demons ... also plenty who ... i find esfjs near impossible to read too . i know 2 women that i suspect are esfjs . unlike the one you know though , instead of the friendliness , it's the negative comments i find hard to figure out ... hehe ... no positive emotion tells ? agreed . however ... - there is only so much you can educate yourself on while still trying to make a useful contribution to society work wise and socially . we are all ignorant about something . - ... haircuts with david mitchell ( relatable ) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rWEa5__ROJg boob signing with david mitchell ( laughed out loud ) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6b22NhbezwY thanks for your input . i actually like being left to figure things out on my own , feels too smothering otherwise . i tend to leave people to figure out their own stuff too as it seems like the polite ... what do you do when your significant other is feeling down or upset ? are you available to talk or comfort if needed or do you have more of a batten down the hatches and wait for it to pass kind of ... option 1 and 2 aren't mutually exclusive . exquisitor's advice was good . i've never been all that courageous when it comes to making the first move and many of the things you have listed as mixed ... i've never really made that much of an effort presentation wise . always hated fluffing around with clothes and make up and frankly never really knew what i was doing anyway , it was just never within ... i was on the other side of that . my best friend was the measuring stick and i never beat her ( no pun intended ! ) . every report i brought home , parents would ask what did bf get ? , followed by a look ... well if this isn't the most entertaining thread i've read in a while ! confession 1 : i've escaped the office in the middle of the afternoon because the noisy helplessness was getting too much ... current goal : 6 hour work day for our company within next 12 months . step 1 - convince business partner it's a fabulous idea ! that's the way to do it . frankly , as long as the rent is being paid and the property is being looked after properly the agent doesn't care . yes , this is a very familiar cycle for me . the more stellar the day / accomplishment , the deeper the ditch seems to be on the other side . it's never really put me off chasing my goals as i think of ... not me . it's not that i subscribe to the outdated notion that men should ask women out ; i just haven't had the courage . the only conscious influence i have is to discourage people ( who i am not ... the professional ( leon ) napoleon dynamite '