' thanks for the advice ! regarding the first paragraph , i probably should have worded the empathy part differently . i have come to terms with my emotions and feelings , i just don't let them run who i ... question : how does an intj get into a relationship with another intj ? surprisingly , i have somehow found a female intj . even more surprising , i found her in high school . now , i've been in other ... well , after visiting with a psychiatrist for the past few weeks , i've been recently diagnosed with obsessive-compulsive disorder ( ocd ) . i was wondering if the perfectionism that sometimes relates to ... with all the clarifications , i agree with you on most parts . with the extreme feminism , feminism is the desire for equality among men and women , and i can understand that , it just seemed that you ... true , some are forced to do what they do , but other do in fact choose . i've met girls that have decided that they will be strippers or prostitutes to maintain a living . it's rather disgusting ... if anything , do not go back to sleep . normally , your body goes into a deeper sleep if you sleep directly after waking up , which is even harder to wake up from . each time you wake up and go back to ... to me , if you are a sex worker , you pretty much lower your value to that of an object . you are basically being used by other people , you are just getting payed for what you do . if you wish to lower ... i don't know . i feel like i should know more about turtles before i make any more predictions . i would also determine this discussion to be cute . well , considering that a box turtle shell can hold up to 200x the turtle's weight , with the shell , we can make a fair guess of what would happen . with a little research , it's noted that this little ... have you ever held a bunny that small ? they basically hate humans , and squeal for help . and they aren't fluffy like that . yes , they have some fur / hairs , but only the fat ones are like that , others ... i believe it's immoral . i don't really care if it's their choice . it's their life , let them live it the way they want . i don't think a person should sell their body , because that's pretty much ... http://amyrobinson.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/sulfuric-acid-on-a-sponge.gif?w=525 awww ! ! ! sulfuric acid is so cute ! ! ! : kitteh :: kitteh :: kitteh : intj . multiple test and research . i've considered intp , but intj fit better ; furthermore , all of my tests have come up intj . i also display many qualities seen in intj . 16-20 i'd probably ... thanks , i guess it was more descriptive than scary . at least i thought so . : laughing : if you don't know what a creepypasta is , it is basically a short , creepy story with the intentions to unnerve the audience with intense fear , but also with a humorous twist at the end if possible .  ... i've seen that aspects that we hate in others are ones that describe us the most . like , for me , i tend to be annoyed by people with arrogance and depression , but then i see myself , and those are ... that happened to me the first time i tried to solve it . actually had it all worked out , then remembered they wouldn't answer it in english . i suggest not dropping it , it gets better the more you ... perhaps you ask it to random or false ? the situation would only work if it was truth that you asked first , although your statement on him not being able to answer would be true . you cannot be for ... sorry about that . yes , they do know . truth will know who false and random are , as will random and false . they will also know the order that they are in , but having to distinguish the languages , ... alright , i'd love to hear what those two questions are , but i'm going to assume you're just trolling ... i wasn't really intending the flawless part to be taken seriously , but i believe the first part is a good representation of a way to describe an intj . in the puzzle , each god has their own language . so , da can either mean yes or no for truth , and vice versa for false . you'd have to find a way to distinguish their languages while creating questions ... one god , one question . and yes , it has been solved before , it just takes forever and is extremely complicated . now , obviously , this doesn't belong to me , but i felt that people would enjoy trying to solve this . it is quite difficult , and takes a very long time to think about , but is still fun overall . so here ... depends if i'm interested in the topic or not . i mean , if it's something thaaa ... oh , a cereal box ... mathh suks . redeng suks . siense suks . hestery suk . speeling and gramer suks . edjucaton genarally suks . bewbs r god's giftt 2 peoplezzz . prowd superter of lgbt eqwallite ! i feelz like i needz too ... you're wrong and this is why * proceeds to make flawless argument * persephone dan e thanks , i'm gonna give it my best with it . i'll take the advise in mind . i figured stuff like valedictorian didn't matter in college , but i feel like i have the potential to get ... my nerves are going crazy . i can't really focus or anything , and the exam is on wednesday . any tips to calm down and focus ? i've been getting a lot of work from a lot of different classes , i've got a ... oh ? a challenge from an enfp ? i can't deny this ... http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m70ik5b3JU1rn435g.gif and ... if i was immortal , i'd try to kill myself . have a suicide party every once in a while . fun . she was stopping him from doing his calculus , what was she expecting ? : wink : i would never let the idea of sex corrupt my field of thought . that's about it . this is pretty much me when it comes to this topic : ... i know exactly how you feel . on the inside , i feel perfectly fine , everything's functioning correctly . everything , except for my face . like you , i've got this major blushing problem . i wouldn't say ... have i ever been in one ? nope . do i really care about getting into a relationship right now ? nope . they're tedious and mostly a waste of time . might as well wait . it's hard to even find mature people ... esfp sister : sooo ... do germans speak dutch ? me : ... :d ry : ... sister : well , excuse me for not knowing ! ! me : you're freaking 18 , how do you not know ? ! ? sister : wow , you are like ... we point out mostly obvious things and just put a sarcastic tone into our voice . not much really ... school's easy . the people there are the ones i have a hard time handling . other than that , i'm the smart kid nobody thinks is smart . i just don't give off the vibe of intelligence other than the ... if i care about someone , then 1 . if i don't care for them , then 4 . does two ? maybe i'm just not lucky ... : frustrating : have you ever lived with one ? i can't stand them at all ... this , for starters . any other ways ? i believe i'm not evil , as i have a set moral code that i follow that i believe positively effects the people around me . others may see my morals as negative , but common knowledge tells us what is ... light from death note , possibly l too . stupid is following things that don't make sense to you , but insisting on following it . stupid is avoiding knowledge and the possibility to learn things . when someone who isn't the brightest ... so , i would say i have a sort of extreme type of thinking , not always in a positive way . some of my ideas sound crazy to most people , while some others can relate to it . obviously , it's my own view ... they all seem like important aspects of justice , it's just that one is blatant , two is very sensible , and three is very ideal . i would say 3 , 2 , 1 but i still find 1 just as important as 3 , just not ... well , of course , i respect the situation and all , i just realize that death is a normal part of life and we can't help it , so feeling sad is only temporary ( at least it is for me ) , rather than the ... and if one isn't experiencing any reason to cry then ... ? i'm pretty sure that would take you out of the brave category ... my biggest fear would probably be falling , not necessarily heights , as i've lived on the top floor of different buildings . it's ... '