' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BdiqLlbjN0 during the day , i don't believe in ghosts at all . but the later into the evening , the more i do . at night , i'm easily spooked , which is kinda fun . so then i wikipedia ghost stuff and get all ... something lazy ! and with no pressure ! like ... hanging out in a fun way ! the tea house idea is great . things like that . things that are not social awkward minefields . ( movies ) ( things with lots o ... i'm from canada ! the phrase is on my mind cuz i've been watching the new netflix show short poppys and it is amazing in my face . thanks for all the insight , everybody . i have high cheek bones too ... reminds me of phrenology . hahaha ! i don't think so . it seems like some people just take my presence as a challenge . it ... one thing i notice is that i sometimes act unlike myself to prevent it ... like , intentionally being non-threatening but , perhaps out of a people pleaser kinda thing . sometimes i'll notice letting ... in some situations , do you find that you can be perceived to be a threat ? it seems to me that some insecure alpha dogs feel like they need to take me down a peg . when i'm being myself , i get ... my theme song ( s ): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgcc5V9Hu3g we kissed as though nothing could fall , and shame was on the other side let me re-word , as editing evades my brain at th ' moment how does someone be honest / open about their past pains and hurts without being defined by them ? that's good that you blog if you like it ! i hate blogging , like a lot of blogs . like , i hate making tea but love drinking it . long time no talk . hope you're all suitably crazy . and wonderful . and still a digital blanket that smells familiar and feels warm . so . this is a personal post , and is a bit embarrassing . i used to ... this post is old . i actually now hate blogging . i always felt like i was supposed to do it , to get people to listen to my music or look at my drawings . now i just do music and draw , and post ... i missed you guys . let me share this song . http://youtu.be/loXJiBxazO4 it's pretty much my motto for life ... lemme explain : in life there is a lot of advice , or medicine , prescribed recklessly ... therapy . it is the best . it is expensive as hell , but you gotta find someone who works well for you ... there's this thing called narrative therapy , it's rad . saved my life . improved my life . ... if i reply immediately , then i'm ok . if i don't reply immediately , i probably won't ever . it's fun . i'm always writing essays in my head of how i would explain my latest realization . yeah , i'm the same way . if you live really far away , it's not that i don't care at all . maybe three-four a year i'll message you , but i just don't do well with non-face-to-face conversation . ... q : if you could go live in any fantasy world you wanted , would you ? a : no , because it would feel in-authentic . q : if you could remove your conscience at will , would you ? i'd also look into mindfulness meditation . it's really helped me . the idea is as opposed to fighting , or giving in to , negative thoughts , is to just be aware of them . and be aware of other things ... i felt like this . feel like this . i went to therapy and it really helped / helps . that's my suggestion . i prefer live stuff , normally . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnBZ3MKhdOk this post makes my balls itch . you can boost your t and j by killing a dragon and levelling up . boring friends who are boring . cool ! i liked and followed . nice noisy atmospherics . i'd like to see it set to a video of some sort . to add to it . thoughts ? seems a bit attention grabbing for the sake of . i ham a dyslexic fella . ... only weight . it is very weird that i started this three years ago . i feel old and weird . and i love my horse . i don't update with good stuff as often as i'd like , but here is mine admiral wonderboat didn't mean to be vague , sorry . just bewildered , really . not unpleasantly . and i am freaked out this one ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jql9u7bZIKs what rapper doesn't consider himself to be a messiah ? this one is too hard to believe . if i felt this way i'd go to a shrink . if it turned out to be true ... i would have been murdered by now . i'd let it slide , definitely . i had a hedgehog who was very disparaging . your video was quite well done ! what's the problem ? he's doing what you want , but he just has to express himself before he gets on with it . why not tell him to talk while he's doing it ? also , make him get a job . i get sad when i read the news , especially lately . i just wait for # 5 , i know that's the sweet spot . surfin ' bird ? i think im pregnant . it's your baby . cut them up into tiny pieces and hide the remote control batteries . far too often ! thank you . y'know what ? goats are always kidding around . but srsly , i would never tease a horse . they are sensitive beasts whoa . you are not cool . i'm married , a stay-at-home dad , and no - i've never settled down . hard , fast , and head first . or what ? they'll explode ? this is obviously not true . you might think it's better , but that don't make it a need . '