' while type may have a hand in how and why someone would lie , i doubt it indicates how likely someone is to lie . the thing is , it doesn't matter whether or not intjs lie more or less . the fact is your ... yeah , i'd say it means he trusts you enough to open up , which can be hard for many intjs . for me , friendship is foremost built on trust . i need to feel that when i open up to someone , they are not ... damn butterflies . ;) i think that anybody can use any individual personality trait as a way of rationalizing bad behavior . i understand where you're coming from here . i know i close myself off to other people and so it is partially my fault that people don't understand me . but it still hurts sometimes that people don't ... not to mention that the op is pretty much doing exactly what he claims the mbti . he's putting people in a box based on the fact that they are interested in the mbti . yes , there are those who use ... hmm , yes that would make it difficult . is it that he doesn't really know why he doesn't trust you anymore , or is it that he won't tell you ? if it's the first , then my guess is there is something he ... my sister is an isfj and i'm an intj , so you'd think we'd always be at odd . we almost always come to the same or similar conclusions , we have the same values , and we can often read each others ... the other night i dreamed about a reality cooking show that took place on a cruise ship and all the contestants had super powers . it was like a cross between top chef , heroes , and alphas . also , i ... your friend sounds really immature . nobody deserves to be treated like a pet . i know it hurts now , but you're better off without her . while i still believe that many intjs have the actions speak louder than words mentality , i was simply giving my personal reasoning behind it , not necessarily ever intj's view . i definitely agree ... i usually talk to myself if i'm having trouble concentrating . i finds it helps me keep my mind from wandering . i think it may be a common intj thing ; i know i do this . let me give you my thought process on this . let's say someone says they will do something ( the intent ) and then does something else ( the ... i have to agree . even when i can see that someone has made a decision based on emotions first , i still don't understand . for me , emotions are only to be used if they don't conflict with my logic . i ... i agree with what many others have said about writing . it kind of helps me organize my thoughts a bit . if you have trouble writing , maybe try just writing whatever come into your head with out ... i'm not a grad student either , but i'm also interested . i've recently been thinking of going back so i can become a career counselor , or something along those lines . this a thousand times ! i really can't turn my thoughts off and it is exhausting . it can make it hard to enjoy life when i'm thinking of ever single thing that could happen . also , anytime i'm ... a couple of basics . we tend to be more blunt , which means we can unintentionally hurt people's feelings . it's not personal ; in fact i'm usually more blunt with people i care about , because i feel ... ok , it's a picture of a bridge ( golden gate i believe ... san fransisco ... now i want to watch full house ... ok , concentrate ) taken at night from a distance . the juxtaposition of hard against soft , ... i'm pretty sure my mom is an intj like myself . we get along really well . i honestly have no idea what my dad is . i'd guess an isxx , but i don't know for sure . we get along ok now , but when i was in ... i'm sorry if you thought i was trying to take advantage of your time or trying to get out of doing my own research . that was not my intention at all . you'll notice that i never denied keirsey and ... i hadn't heard that keirsey's temperaments are not accurate . could you give me some resources you've found ? i'd like to investigate . yeah , initiating a conversation based on assumptions can be a disastrous . definitely have a conversation , but make sure you leave your assumptions and theories at the door . there is a good point in here . i wouldn't mind a surprise party if it was only with people i'm close to . if it's a party with every person i know , i probably wouldn't care for it . i prefer smaller ... , first of all , you can't change someone who does want to be changed . when it comes to human beings , we can only change ourselves and not other people . it can be hard seeing a loved one ... whoknew , have you tried looking at the difference in temperaments ? maybe identifying which one of those is more like you would help you determine you type . here are this forums basic overview of each ... i really hate it when someone claims i don't listen to their advice just because i don't take it . if someone gives me advice i take it and mull it over . i compare it with what i already know , i ... there are two words in the title of this thread that inspire dread in intjs : surprise and party . ok , joking aside . surprising an intj with a bunch of people is probably not a good idea . large ... i think you're are right about anger . i'm glad i've been able to help ! you ... don't feel anger ? ! ? ! ? ! i didn't even know that was possible . i've heard that anger is a secondary emotion that stems from a primary emotion , so maybe you simply have a deep enough connection ... pragmatic empathy i like that ! i agree though . i think we intjs use our fi as an excuse to never let someone in and then get mad that nobody ever wants . if we truly want people to understand us we ... i can see how him making you feel like you have nothing to offer would be discouraging for you . however , before giving up let me try to give you a little insight into that . if may be true that he ... i can really relate to this . why bother saying something if you aren't going to back it up with your actions ? better to never have said anything to begin with . words specifically though : ... 1 . ) geniuses if we're talking about iq , i've never taken an iq test and therefore don't know . i do think i have the facility to figure things out on my own . 2 . ) psychopaths nope 3 . ) no ... intjs don't lack empathy , but we process it differently . if i see someone in a bad situation , i can feel sorry for them , but to me giving them a hug won't fix the situation . i'd rather do something ... my sister is an isfj and she has a very accurate first impression of people . she'll meet someone , get a feeling about them ( good or bad ) , and at some point down the road she is almost always right ... if after a week nothing has changed then she either didn't really understand or she doesn't care . my money is on the latter . you have to cut ties and i'm not just saying that because as an intj i ... life . if i'm warming up to someone i'll become more ... intense i guess is the best word for it . i'll get snarky and be more open with my opinions . i'll be like this all along , but in a more reserved and ... in order : quality time ( 11 ) - people wanting to spend time with me and actually listening to what i have to say make me feel really special . it could be because i'm an introvert and like my time to ... i'm a photographer , so this doesn't surprise me too much . i can definitely see how some people would be surprised ; especially by the nts . i'm really bad at math . english always came much more naturally for me . ( te here ) in school , i usually took notes or tried rephrasing it to know i understand it . to be completely honest though , i was awful at tests and i don't know if i was just a bad test taker ( i did ... i'll often take my problems to my sister , who is an isfj , or my mom , who i'd guess to be an infj or intj . usually it's when i've having emotional problems i need to get through and they both have ... green , gold , blue , orange it's funny , i actually took this test for a class in college . at that time i was evenly matched between orange and gold for my top color . when i told my professor she ... so many reasons . it helps me deal with fears and uncertainties . if i'm afraid of something i research the crap out of it ; i usually find it's not all that bad and even if it is i am now armed with ... i think for the most part , the op is spot on about intjs . however there are two points that are a bit off ( not entirely wrong , but off ) . i agree and disagree with this statement . i will withdraw ... i do this all the time . i'll look at something and say i can't do that because of x , y , and z . in reality i probably could do it , but i get stuck on the details and feel i'm not qualified .   ... well , it first helped me to realize that i'm not a freak who nobody understands ( true , a lot of people still don't understand me , but it isn't nobody anymore ) . the biggest use of typing , for me , is ... it's not so much what we like to converse about ; this can vary from person to person . not every intj has the same interests . it's more how we like to converse . we like to go in depth about what ever ... '