' dear xsxx people , why are you so numerous ? so much mindless chatterx 85 , i sometimes feel so lonely amongst you . best , entj dear istj-experts , please enlighten me on a topic i have with an istj . i ( w , entj ) had a fwb-thing going on with a male istj for about 3 months . i made it very clear in the beginning that i am not ... many entj girls , much wow ... i would love to meet some nt females . any cool ones around munich , germany ? dear esfx , you are a deadly funny person , but one hell of a crazy bitch with low self-esteem ! by randomly chatting to your ex-crush ( who is not interested in you ) , i was simply just chattingx 85 ... guild wars & guild wars 2 , diablo 3 , any mindless fun games ( diner dash , plants vs . zombies ) 1 . life is full of setbacks . success is determined by how you handle setbacks . 2 . greed and pride come before the fall . 3 . especially for entjs : if you dont understand the illogical actions ... inefficiency , disloyalty , people pleaser ! ! ! , general stupidity i think i couldnt stand myself . rude , pushy , self absorbed . actually pretty much like cat ... and i dont like cats at all :( no , i never say it . when i spent a year in the states , people said : i love you to everything ( pizza , dog , car , etc . ) and everbody , even to people they just got to know 5 mins ago . it definitely ... that i am an entj ^ _ ^ ... and i hate cats ... i really like this one . my intentions are pure , but maybe i confuse it with naivety . no , what i mean with pure is genuine . as an entj i can also genuinely suck , but i would be okay with that . yes , maybe i mean the same thing what enfpleasantly says : what you see is what you get . i ... do you think that entjs have the purest personality ? in the sense of pure ( pyhttp :/ / img.tfd.com/hm/gif/oobreve.gifr ) adj . pur · er , pur · est 1 . having a homogeneous or uniform composition ; not ... as long as i have myself , i know everything will be good . loosing myself ( or my mind aka psychological problem or alzheimer ) would be my greatest fear . and being in a helpless state ... nothing is sexier and more attractive than authentic confidence ( not the one , which crumbles , when an entj starts poking ) . i think , the older i get , the less important looks get ( i am in the late 20s ) . when i was younger , i liked the pretty boys , but now i feel more attracted to the guys who have the je n'ai sais quoi : ... i don't show too much emotion , because i don't have too much of them . of course when i'm happy i'm happy , when i'm sad i'm sad , but i don't feel the emotions as intense as some feeler . the absence of ... it's fantastic to find similiar minds ! i have always wondered why i don't like hugs or cuddles or touches or pinches or anything ! ! ! i would hug out of courtesy though . here female entj 3w2 and 8w9 ( scores same ) ! it pisses me off , that everything has to make sense for us . - are they any entjs who hate business and stuff like that ? no , i love corporate world . - do any of you have people ask if your a lot younger than you are [ when you're in a good mood ] ? people ... what a hilarious post ! stage 1 : yes stage 2 : yes ! ! i told nf to get a grip and be under control after his first emotional outburst . he scared the hell out of me . he seemed to understand and ... as an nt girl , i normally get along with all kind of girls , but do seem to have trouble with sp guys . they tell me that i am too intense , too focused , too uptight , too opionated ... and i just wonder ... resist and being one natural self . natural , grounded self-assertiveness with humor is hell of sexy . when a entj girl says to you : you are a [ insert any insult ] ! , don't start to ... i just heard yesterday from a friend that his roommate i talked to half a year ago thinks that i was dismissive to her . i was quite shocked , because it clearly wasnt my intention and i even thought ... i think i got to know some esfp / js lately and omg where is the off switch ! ! ? ? ! ! they just keep on bubbling mindless stuff ( what they eat yesterday and the day before , what movie they saw , when they ... i am more efficient driven than grade driven , so i was always second best , beginning from primary school until high-school diploma . if i can achieve with 20 % effort , 80 % of the result , why bother ... 33887 how can you not love me ? ? ? what does that mean ? o . o 33881 c'est moi ! i'll be a panda . people would drool over me just because i exist . i am just so damn cute , i can't help it . if i travel abroad , it would be gesture of international cross-boarder friendship . i would ... interesting story , because i suspect that i was more an isfp when i was a child and turned into a full-blown entj when i was older . no , i love being an entj . my enfj sister sometimes says that t people live more happier than f people , since they dont care too much what other people think or feel . but i still remember that i used ... lol , i was just browsing through perc and read the reply vanitas wrote 09-11- 2010 regarding a thread istp male in love with entj female . :D completely the same advice i posted earlier ... i ... joining my entj fellows , i really advice you to be direct . i do not know why we are wired like that , but indirectness just confuses us . if a guy likes me and starts to do those indirect hints , i do ... men ( especially s ones ) find that i am too intense . what is the definition of intense and how i can be less intense ? not that i am going to change myself , but i am interested in this concept . dear sp men , i am sorry that i appear too intense and uptight for your taste . your advice that i should loosen up a bit is futile . the solution is quite easy : just be hot and / or smart enough to ... sometimes i wonder if i have been a isfp as a child and developed into a 100 % entj . i - when i was a kid , i preferably stayed alone or played with some very close friends . now i am quite outgoing ... i don't think that nts are soulless , but it is true that we are emotional retarded . my feeling probably only scores 10 % , because my t ( my mind ) is so overwhelming strong . some people say that if ... you are an entj , when you dance like one . got this comment from a guy yesterday , i was dancing argentine tango with : stop trying to lead me ! o . o this is a real email , i sent out to quoted infp yesterday , who asked me to meet again after some serious arguement : hello infp , welcome back . as a fan of clear words , that's all i have to ... i think entjs are accepting or not accepting . there is only yes and no , but not yes and than talk bad about the person or no and trying to fix the other person up like some kind of pet . come ... dear ( male ) infp , you soft , touchy-feely , i-love-everyone-and-everybody , romantic , shy , i-want-to-make-a-better-world personality makes me sick . why ? because i know that deep down you are a very ... life is not a pony farm ( sounds better in german ) i can try to describe my week . maybe my fellow entjs can relate to me , because normally people think i am crazy , when i tell them what i do all day . monday-friday : wake up , listen to my spanish ... i have always find myself as a very strange girl , because i just couldnt deal with the generally accepted behaviour of romance . since i have found out that i am a entj , everything falls into place ... what i look in a man ( i am in a brilliant longterm relationship with a entj / p ): 1 ) emotional stability : i absolute deteste needy , clingy , emotional men , who makes me feel manlier than them . i need a ... dear men in general , although i may look like a sweet little innocent girl ... i am not . sincerely , an entj '