you're not following the discussion ... you're just taking one statement out of context and try to make yourself look good . you seriously can't do better than that ? this reply is for the both of ... every day ! it is the consequence of always telling things as they are . no bullshit . just the truth , how awful it might be . most people don't like it . i don't give a fuck hahaha =D well , the fact is i do blame the entire global community . more precisely pretty much everyone over 50yo . they are the ones cashing in on this global mess . and yes , like just about 95 % of the world ... absolutely . the topic got centered on the parsons case but i really meant both boys and girls seriously you need to grow up asap ! so basically what you say is you fully endorse underage girls getting drunk and getting busy with multiple partners in a party as long as no one talks about it ? this is what you call safe for ... say what you want , i don't believe that teen girls should be drinking so much and engaging in porno like activities that lead to exactly what happened to parsons . yes , i'm a little old fashion ... nevermind , you won't get it . i'm done wasting time on your pathetic self . if you think that quoting wikipedia makes you look informed you are so mistaken . go on and be disabled as much as you ... you sure have not read my first post in this thread . adhd is not disabling . wanting to do something you are not suited for is disabling . if you can't lift a pint of milk are you gonna try and work ... don't get me wrong . i am not singling her out . the chain of causality is very , very easy to see in its entirety . it stems from the baby boomer's boundless greed which created the modern marketing ... rehtaeh parsons was a whore . i'm not saying she deserves what happened to her and i'm not saying that she is fully responsible for these tragic events but she still made the choices that lead to ... x1000 hi billy , i could tell you a lot about add and adhd . unfortunately , i don't really like to write very long texts . i'm going to try and give you a few points for you to think about and research ... if i like the girl's eyes they will get my attention . at this point , all that's needed is for me to see her eyes sparkle with genuine amazement and pleasure because she just learned something . i really love squirrels , they are nice sport to hunt with my . 22 rifle on the contrary , when you hear someone claim astrology to be a science it is in fact required that you be as mean as possible . oh yes , i do maths and various problem solving tasks everyday lol lol ! ! ! ;) astrology is not a science dumbass you'd think so but no , it's rather fun in fact that sounds exactly like what exxon or shell would say , the only justification for killing is proportional self-defense . i'm laughing as a fucking loser soldier who believes all the crap he ears because it's his job to be dumb and clueless and just do what he's told . i know exactly what i'm laughing at . dude ... don't kid yourself . she used a polite way to say you'll never get any . i don't have demons , i am a demon . how do i get an intj to listen to me ? - make your case in as few words as possible . omitting the small details . if your intj requires more info he will ask for it . do not ever repeat yourself ... never make the same mistake twice . stand your ground . feed your ideas to your team in a subtle way so that they think they actually came up with it . bwaahahahahahahahahaha hahaaa hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhaha * gasp * pfwaaahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaa hahahahhhah * losing control of bladder * ... the next step of my business project in my laboratory . you don't democracy is the pathetic belief in the collective widsom of individual ignorance . i don't know if this has anything to do with being intj , but my reasoning and deduction capabilities are so great i quite often know what the other person is telling me before they are finished ... i am extremely pragmatic . eyes are powerful transmitters of vibe and that is true for most species i believe . just like with any other type of body language , you can learn to both project what ... it's not like there is really any rules right now ... see , you did not offer any of your so called evidence . probably because you knew it would make you look like a fool . i could post links to various scientific papers each offering what you could ... listen , you already sound like a pathetic uneducated lunatic , but if you really desire to sink yourself further down the shit pool of your stupidity than by all means . it's not like i really need ... i am no troll . i say exactly what i think regardless of what young brats like you might say . if you're that weak that you need a crutch to get on with your life than i'm better than you . but only ... pop your post isn't worth reading . petty family drama are of no concern and absolutely no interest . preposterous , sure we can name a few scientists with some blood on their hands , but the truth is in the end they were victims of their curiosity . that is a major difference compared to a fucking ... the worst thing about part time jobs is that to the government's eyes they still count as a job . that allows them to manipulate the unemployment rates as they wish to push their political agenda , ... one day , thousands who have suffered genital mutilation , religious threats and forced marriages will turn to the intellectual and political establishments of our day and ask why they did not protect ... the pursuit and sharing of knowledge . science experiments bitches ! i am not afraid of anything . i'm not saying that i wouldn't feel some anxiety at the sight of a huge bear aggressively charging at me , but i do not fear it nor will i fear it if it happens .  ... before you make foolish statements of the sort maybe you should best open a few books and actually read them women . death , and the moments before and after , has been extensively and is still ... in a computer , the software and hardware are separated . you can move the software from hardware to hardware , and still run it . when you turn off the computer , nothing happens , at all ( save the ... i couldn't care less about age . i've always seek the younger but curious minds , or the older and wiser ones . i don't belong with anybody my age . i'm 30 and i don't give a fuck about it . nothing ... what i meant is having to move backwards in the timeline of the conversation for any reason . if she doesn't pay attention to the first things i say , and by the time i'm about to say thing number x ... i have a strong aura of intimidation but only at work , and its involuntary . this is my personal opinion ; the only thing i hate more than talking is having to repeat myself . like your friend i also consider it extremely rude when someone whom i have a conversation with ...