' i don't think yuri has inferior se . istps are far better at actually doing things instead of sitting around thinking about it - even when they have ' issues ' which yuri has haha ( i keep thinking about ... something i can support myself with and enjoy and feel im doing something right err , for realistic things , i'd like a fitted sheet that's the right size so 1/3 of my bed is not left uncovered oh ... adele is not a four , i've heard angelina jolie is a 7 ? , bjork is a 9 , kurt cobain is a head type . these are typing's i've read about elsewhere and believe , i don't know enough about these celebs ... yeah , here is a functions test : jungian cognitive functions test not sure what others think of the credibility of this test . i score dominant ni on it , and it types me as infj well that's sweet of you . it was probably you liking the infj ( s ) you've met though ... i don't think i'd fit this description i'm a social 4 so any chance of rejection , any being in social situation i don't have place in can throw me off . it depends on how confident i am in my overall life . usually i can't stop myself from ... my hair is between tailbone and classic length . there are some days i want to have extremely short hair , and styled . but i can't switch between the two so the long hair stays . when i'm old i hope ... mines a stag . i was not expecting that 1 ) how socially outgoing are you ? do you often go out to meet people or prefer to be alone ? go out to meet what people ? i like being with friends , though rarely in a situation we ’ d be interacting ... i'm done with the ' x on the outside x on the inside ' . people are far more complex i would relate to the last 4 if i read them when i was 14 not 20 i sighed when i typed as a 4 my 3w4 friend didn't like typing as a 3 , she never looked further into it haha . she didn't like the ' shallow image focus ' i frequently dream of water / the ocean in various states . most common is the stormy ocean . sometimes i desperately need the shore , other times it's less sinister and i sail . it's just reflecting how i ... i have to mention , i sound so cold when i write and i don't know how to fix that : frustrating : competition , itx 92s draining , frustrating , gives me a headache . i donx 92t get motivation from competing ... when i have somewhere to be i wake up with enough time and somehow still end up late . if i don't have anywhere to be or i'm going out without any time requirement , i take hours to be ready for the ... yeah it wasn't great for me to be around people . i was in a ni-ti loop when i didn't know about function theory , so i didn't take any steps to ' reactivate ' fe . i started to get better when i ... i've already chosen a . i don't have much hope things will work out for me , i know things don't always work out no matter how much we try . maybe as i get older i'll change my mind and choose b , i ... rosiejones 468 oh dear , i knew two infp's and i saw them as people who where ' different ' from the majority , yet they lived with it much better than i do . despite being a little weird , people ... you're not alone i do this all the time , using music . i can listen to any song that has a narrative , even one which has no relevance to my life , and i feel that i have become that life story and ... it didn't work for me :d ry : gender : female age : 25-35 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : esfj closest alternative we found : estj i'm younger than ... well i only have one parent , who i think is as an istj it was difficult trying to communicate with them . i've been wondering if i really was more of a ' crybaby ' than average the child is , or it's ... i agree , to me the tritype is like extra flavoring to the main type , and is part of the differences between people of the same type . if the tritype combos all have the same description , then they ... yes it does . it's difficult to participate in life , i have these rare moments where i'm able to connect with a group and be confident and contribute , i can even end up as some kind of group leader ... yes , i'm 459 me neither . nationalism exists so the powerful in society can invalidate and brush aside the lives of the lower classes . you have problems ? c'mon where all in together ! . when the time is ready ... dear long time friend , please stop ignoring your feelings and values in hope that things will get better . break up with them , they're not going to change and it's not your job to teach them . ... i was watching that boston dynamics video where they were pushing the robot over , not letting it get the box etc . that made me feel , it was like watching bullying . i was once called a ' genuinely nice person ' which is funny because at that time i had distorted thoughts going on thanks to ni-ti . how i interacted with people depended on the atmosphere of the ... etc . yeah , these are broad statements that many people could experience throughout their life , not just infj's . they don't give any indication of what is causing someone to feel like this . people ... 4 :/ eye contact is uncomfortable for me , if someones talking to me i'll stare into the distance . i probably bore most people seeing as i can't hold a conversation with someone i don't know ... infj scorpio pig-wood constantly torn between being friendly and avoiding everyone :p it might help to read about how these types respond to stress and their loops . this is a human thing to experience , i don't think it's specific to a type . though this could be ni , since ni ... 1 . ) what is your favorite word ? melancholy 2 . ) what is your least favorite word ? yeast 3 . ) what turns you on creatively , spiritually , or emotionally ? walking while listening to music is the ... i developed social anxiety so i isolated myself and convinced myself i didn't need people , i believed that people where terrible and humanity needed to end . i learned the word misanthrope and ... i don't feel competitive towards my close friends , i'm happy to see them succeed , from being apart of their life and knowing how hard they worked and what they've been though . i tend to envy the ... acrylic paints is my main thing , i want to try sculpting this year tho ! so after lurking i've decided to take a big step ( for me hah ) and join . currently i'm deprived of discussions with people , so i'll brave the shyness and contribute . i actually find it more difficult ... '