' in the books , he is an entj ... he is on another level entirely than euron in the show . that one , sure , estp . marry the most beautiful woman in the world ? they are a world apart ! yara is a ... love & caring is the premier infp song , lyrically at the least , to me . youth lagoon is another infp , i think . i would want to look into that more , but i believe it is correct . year of hibernation ... mm , well , no . but we can agree on a well displayed fi . about ne , what you just described is quite literally ni : a stream of endless , fantastical images ... is ni . through intuition , she ... i did not realise this thread was so old ... : th_blush : i made a playlist for ni dom , to foil fe / ti and te / fi against one another . four _ntj and four _nfj , two female and male of each . click ... interesting suggestions so far ! glad i stumbled upon this . will be back with a playlist ( may not be spotify since i am dubious whether it would have the musicians i have in mind ) , but this caught my ... ohh ? i am pleased ! i am me , and the best way to articulate me : th_love : into this system is ... through te and fi , and se and ni ... though the order may not seem all that apparent , under scrutiny , you ... yes ! ! ! i loved koe no katachi ! ! it was very cute and i really appreciated how the story does not smack you in the face with its moral message ... what can so clearly be shown as wrong and worthy of ... then no , you really do not . see , the problem here is you cannot see her as an istj because you simply refuse to . it sounds to me that somewhere along the way , you saw points about her that you ... i have recently picked up the books ! man ! talk about your si ! ! ! tolkien has to be an istj . i saw him typed as that here and there and i absolutely think this is something everyone got right ... viserys i think is not typable ... and though there is a good argument to be made for te , perhaps dom ... i really feel a typing like this is dubious . strange that you would type someone who harps on ... yes ! ! ! i love you for this thread . i really like sjs and i find si to be an absolutely fascinating function . how do you separate the lens over reality from the people themselves ? so central are ... i was and am going to start a thread for it eventually , but i am willing see some other perspectives a bit first ... katsuki is so te ! ! ! the most x-treme te to the point it resembles almost ... useful , mayhaps ? : th_love : aquamarineu 3000 ― u3000e_tj so te ! the topazesu 3000 ― u3000 - - - & - - - obviously ! i love the deeply threatening strings in the topaz theme ... and the topazes are so beautiful too . gokuuu 3000 ― u3000esfp vegetau 3000 ― u3000istj bulmau 3000 ― u3000esfj chichiu 3000 ― u3000estj krillinu 3000 ― u3000estp gohanu 3000 ― u3000infp piccolou 3000 ― u3000isfp ? roshiu 3000 ― u3000estp ? i am actually rewatching the series ! frieza ( estj te dom at least ) just ... gundam : iron-blooded orphans i liked it , and parts of it ! the cast could be dynamic ... the plot not so much ... developments and twists at times airy and capricious ... but all in all i did enjoy it ... lmao no ! ! ! i am slender to the extreme . my bmi is below yours . tho i do consider starting to work out ! i have been thin for long enough . maybe it time to get abs . yea ! ! i am curious about this ... lol ! ! i am soo glad ! i love when an anecdote of experience is quickly met with subversions and what have you ! what is a similar sort of observation you have of entj ? my turn to be subversive to my ... mr . robot lol ! i was about halfway through responding to your replies before it kind of struck me how little it seems you genuinely want discussion . do you or do you not ? because it feels to me ... of my experience , the people with the worst diets on earth have been , consistently , in_ps . especially intp . i do not think i ever met even a single one who is healthful and nutritious at all ! ... well , actually ... i first read jung's psychological types around september last year . i learnt a lot first coming here too ! i never even knew who jung was before someone quoted a paragraph of the te ... what i find absolutely decisive ... is that moment when the crowd cheers his name . that one moment where he scores and basked in the blinding lights of the stadium with the cheers of near everyone in ... mawaru penguindrum what an incredible piece of media . an iridescent spiral of a plot , always eating itself and pulling you in to deeper and darker levels , with every bit precisely lined up , every ... lol ! ! so se of u ! ! specifically i find this sentiment among inferior se people , in my experience . fascinating . it feels like a statement of a fundamental law of nature . i find ni auxiliaries tend ... we can agree on fe , which is good ... i need only do half the footwork , haha ! let us parse down his fixation on eternal beauty , first . it is apparent that it is an abstraction : the fact that it ... you are exactly right to think so ! i have stated in a couple places that i think enfj is probably more accurate on the whole ...  ... the only reason i think of her as an infj , personally , is ... which is exactly precisely more or less how much i agree with my own typings ! approximately . tell me where you hesitate or outright disagree , if you please ! i would love to do nothing more than ... thx baybay ! ! absolutely ... foremost , cynthia is a constructive person . the body of her research and all her travels are all directed to build towards concrete ends . it is not so much that takes ... then see here : and this is why i say what follows includes * * * how our understandings are applied * * * . is it comprehensive , allowing much flexibility , or taken at face value , so as to be ... then here is the language barrier ! i never engaged mbti , i do not want to . it is just not necessary to me . types can manifest in vastly different ways , and i see no need to split it down ... lol ! ! ! is it too late to respond to all this ? ! i do believe i intended to respond and forgot . i did read everything said ! but i must have thought i responded and written it off . i only stumbled upon ... precisely what it says ! i play the japanese version of the games ( and thus had to look up their eng names ) , so make of that what you will . blueu 3000 ― u3000estp lanceu 3000 ― u3000esfp steven & wallaceu 3000 ― u3000istj & isfj ... yes it is . it is the most obvious thing in the world ! and yet chrollo is labeled a possible intp ? madness . infj is a type that is injected with all sorts of weirdness ( like queen elsa ? ? ? really ? ... so , do you think that i am a manipulative person who is out of touch with my emotions and enforces my intentions and plans upon other people to their expense ? haha ! no , no , no ... anyone can be ... we're on fire , so tell me what you waiting for ! ? ( original grammar intact ha ! ) that einstein quote is actually a seriously inferior fe quote . too many ti doms i know are so easily swept up ... hahaha ! ! i do not think you mistyped anyone . i think you operated on the framework available , which is no bad thing . i am glad you are open to discussion and reconsideration , which is itself an ... i read killing stalking but i read it in the korean release , so i hope whomever's translations you are reading are accurate enough as to not make things muddled ... but this is what i propose , and ... literally yes like ... come on , the * first five sentences * of the ne description is moriarty : he is no ni type , abstracting and seizing hold of aloof and subjective interpretations of things ... first , entp is a dominant intuitive type , and being extraverted , their extraverted intuition manifests thusly : catalysts , living eternally on the precipice , and each moment is ever and always ... this is fascinating to me . did someone say ... https://68.media.tumblr.com/4903c82a9428f0315bd2eb2614d76467/tumblr_ogo7k6VY1U1sk6gm7o2_r1_500.gif ? you say vibe ... to me it sounds like ... i just watched all of the latest steven bomb in one ... straight ... shot ... i love homeworld architecture . holly blue agate is an extreme je . and , surprisingly ... an fe . she shows the extent of how ... taken from here with in depth thoughts there ! ! ! yuuri ! ! ! on ice katsuki yuuriu 3000 ― u3000isfj victor nikiforovu 3000 ― u3000entp ✝ yuri plisetskyu 3000 ― u3000istp christophe giacomettiu 3000 ― u3000estp jean-jacques leroyu 3000 ― u3000estp phichit chulanontu 3000 ― u3000isfj ✝ otabek altinu 3000 ― u3000 infp fi ! particularly dominant fi . on the whole dominant fi types ( i_fps ) tend to be very harmonious and joyful people , friendly and fun-loving and quite easygoing . but still waters run deep , always .  ... why a thinker when you emphasise how much he acts on his freewheeling and unfathomable emotions ? you did not mention a thing about his strength of thought ... but rather how he follows the guiding ... lillié isfj gladio isfp lusaminé enfj maybe . some sort of fe though . kukui is an se dom , as is hau . estp and esfp both . guzma is the same type as kukui . - - - well , yes and no . he is definitely an se user , but not dominant , and not a ti or fe , though he convincingly acts like one . superficially . no , you are thinking of ramsay for estp villain , though ... this does not describe him at all . oikawa tooru is not of the milieu of fe types , giving centrality to objective good or objective bad , formenting and upholding ethical or acceptability standards , ... i like thinking about the mechanism behind a psyche in regard to extraversion and introversion ... fascinating to me is that some people display a strongly conscious principle function , which is ... https://68.media.tumblr.com/8dd740e27c1f89c5dea61c579e3b0bc3/tumblr_ogo7meTooL1sk6gm7o1_500.gif https://68.media.tumblr.com/61558e6bd0394247053dfc5c058abf7f/tumblr_nnji4aCLe81sk6gm7o10_r1_500.png ... '