' so me and a co worker ( we are both substitute teachers ) we flirted alot almost every day for like a month , alot of eye contact , he would nervously giggle at shit i would say even though it wasnt ... enfp , infp , infj , intj , any genre ? how do i get sj in general to understand me ? i get told i'm a weirdo a lot especially when they find out i'm sensitive and a big dreamer i don't want to get on anyone's nerves but also i want to ... 22 don't want to age anymore i dated an istj it was horrible his te clashes with my fe ( infj ): he would be too blunt with me he is not emotional at all and i am very sensitive . he would call me goofy , a weirdo etc .. that s / n ... why cant i figure you out ? why do i always feel like i clash with sj in general ? i sometimes feel like i'm being judged ): i feel so vulnerable and not good enough ... i clash with my dad ( xsxj ) we dont ... i can have casual sex as long as its mutually agreed that its only sex and no feelings involved . however it has backfired on me when i had feelings for the guy and he wasnt honest about his feelings ... dont get discouraged keep being you someone out there does notice (: i have one on my nose , three of them are located below the belt area if you know wat i mean .. i told him off and told him cruel stuff ( i told him i hated him and wished he would die and i made fun of his moms death ) which i'm not proud of i feel very deeply bad and i regret it i know i know ... yes i agree its quite painful didn't think i'd be way off on my feelings ... us gals are a little at fault for idealizing so much but also its the guys fault as well for leading us on ... what a sick ... thank you what you wrote to me really made me smile and cheered me up ... in fact it made my day (: be nice about it i once had a lady problem and had an infection for a while some jerk was mean to me about it until i explained it was an infection ... maybe she has a condition or something you never ... how about infj ? :p as razare said , work on forgiving him in your heart - someone like that deserves sympathy as well , because they're lost and confused in the dark . they don't know what real love is . and never ... yes that is exactly what i did i idealized this guy way too much i always held back a little because i always had this gut feeling that he was hiding things from me and i ignored myself and wanted ... thank you everyone for the hugs and the friendly advice (: i'm feeling way better today than i did yesterday ! thank you thank you thank you from the bottom of my heart thank you ! i'll try and not to blame myself although its difficult i'm extremely hard on myself . he told me i was fat , ugly , stupid , lonely and he laughed at me for letting myself get used ... i know i ... what you described is almost identical to what i went through with my istj ex and let me tell you that unfortuantely things ended badly ( his fault of course ) . anyways best advice i could give : be ... devastated and still shocked 2 1/2 weeks ago i found out i was being used and lied to ): i feel so sick that anyone would do such a wicked thing . i was so in love with him i cared so deeply i wanted ... soft boiled , of course im trying my hardest to get over that ex ( no contact ever again with him ) , just need positive perspectives so i dont have the wrong attitude towards istj's just need a little ... ok im not totally serious my bestfriend is an istj and she is a total sweet heart .. but how can an istj just cause pain on purpose and not feel guilty ? it bothers me to know my ex istj used me ... ugh ... im a big cry baby i can listen to a sad song and ill start tearing up . movies , the news , tv arguements , etc i can cry easily . its difficult to bottle in all the emotions i feel . legalize so all the haters can shut the f up already ... hits from my bong (; haha ... seriously though all the ignorance and sterotypes towards weed have got to go their is nothing wrong with marijuana . i would never waste my time with anyone that has a biased negative view towards it . its a topic that needs to be seriously discussed and taken more seriously ... if he has told you are pretty more than once then i say yes he was hitting on you this is the cutest example ever (: my roommate and i were struggling financially eating bread and ham for a while ... our istj bestfriend comes over with groceries for the week and she cooked us a yummy breakfast i was sooo deeply ... my favorite are black and pink . to me black means elegance , mystery , melancholy , dark , intense , classic , . pink reminds me of blushing , shyness , romantic love , fairytales .. * im an infj * but thought maybe i could help , good luck (; this is difficult to think about my istj ex was very mysterious for me until this day he is a mystery for me . he would show affection in very subtle ways that had me over analyzing over and over ... i can relate alot to what your saying but i wish i had the real thing though ): ive only tried marijuana , salvia and mushrooms . marijuana i smoke on a regular basis . i enjoy it highly if it gives me a peaceful , i have a preference for sativas . salvia i have tried it only once it ... i would just break dishes , mirrors , stereo , fans , etc .. and i once broke my brothers bedroom window not proud of it . im better now though im alot more peaceful (: thank you for sharing your personal stories with me .. its comforting knowing everyone experiences a heart break . sorry i took my time to respond back on here it takes alot emotionally to even talk ... ... hmm it took me two years to get over my first ex . not that im trying to compare my current situation to a past relantionship but is two years too much time ? now im wondering whats normal and what ... yeah i agree , it also wouldnt be fair for a guy to be used as a rebound . im going to take it a day at a time im starting to do better sometimes i want to rush it and get over it one day to the ... being jealous sucks its so emotionally draining im trying to be more logical but its hard i get that sick feeling in my tummy and i just want to cry when i get intense feelings of jealousy ): i keep ... you dont deserve to be ignored no matter what he is going through . that is just plain mean and a bit selfish . everyone deserves a decent good bye to come to closure . i agree he probably is trying ... 1 ) mainstream music ( enough with the whole hip pop / rap scene , its shallow , materialistic and vain ) i can't believe people can consider that their favorite music it just has no depth to it . thanks to ... thank you all for the friendly advise so far im doing ok , i talked about it with my istj girlfriend she was such a good listener she didn't really give me advise , she can't figure out my situation ... i got 50 ): i wanted to score higher , its hard with just eyes , i rely on body language and tone of voice as well . i feel like a weirdo because i feel so emotionally needy and ive come to realize not a lot of people are into sensitive people ... i'm too sensitive , deep , insecure and shy ... i even feel its too much ... my ultimate goal was to be in a relationship with him we have so many bad moments as well as good . yes i actually did fantasize the day he would realize the effort i put into making it work but i ... im always changing majors first it was education ( right now im a substitute teacher ) my major is in criminal justice ( i got older and criminal justice i love it but its too dark for me , im very ... my bestfriend is an estp with a good developed fe he isnt a manipulator i think maybe you have just met estps with issues . also i think maybe they can be misunderstood they are very talkative and ... yes i agree with above , high school are not the best years of your life . from my personal experience it was awkward and superficial . did have a few good moments like meeting my two best friends . one ... yardiff bay : its ok i really did realize i have major flaws in myself . it makes sense to me now he doesnt want me because of my flaws its common sense if he really wanted me the way i want him then ... this made me laugh out loud hard ! thanks for the laugh ! '