' maybe you are intj and fi would fit you ? try it . someone real with no ego . lovable and caring , easy to be around , someone who pays attention to my needs . christianity is a plus as there will be alot to discuss and i can trust his values to be good ... my daydreaming ceased around the same age yours did . i would link it with maturing up but i don't unfortunately have any more info on that . why stop it ? i don't know . felt good anyway . i can't spend ... i believe it is possible to unlearn daydreaming with conscious effort . i'm in this state but it's proven quite impossible to learn daydreaming again . i wanted to get rid of unrealistic hopes which ... i'm a t-base intp lady but give empathy through thinking traits .. it's alright :) but it does clash with fi maybe , but not empathy itself as it is something universal and not related to my ... not having a sense of humor . it's a popular topic . sex & relationship here . they talk about it , too . what a shameful note on person . please don't obsess yourself with this any longer than this thread survives . yes , actually . i like talking to friends . i don't have them anymore . i like talking to god , actually . wouldn't mind getting friends , but i hardly meet anybody cool . at school i can't get into conversations because ... personally , you could be just discussing your personal matters and not anything enneagram related . integration-disintegration works but is difficult to catch for many because the material is hard ... 68623 me as a 5 - yr old innocent little baby boy , haha . at my kindergarten photo shoot , sounds flash . the sweater is made by my mom . it's yellow and stars a cute kitty i love . i loved the day ... 1 ) i never liked maths . i heard art people don't enjoy maths when i was in junior high so i skipped them altogether forever in my mind and wanted to get a more creative career . now i know i could use ... no more monetary issues for me , i need money to buy i hate the fact i need to stay with my parent for years to come .. can't move out of house and how weird is it to stay here for long . i can't put ... introverted ne-users seem childish . they are dreambuilders and torn off the realities of the world . happens to us . quiet sometimes , it doesn't look well on us because we seem little people . : bored : ... it's bad ... i find a large number of celebrities typed wrong there , probably most , possibly because they can't type functioning irl and look at other material , which is a waste of funds and not so ... idk . this one's quite hard to catch . good to hear . take care of yourself . it will lead to happiness and great efforts on your part to begin a new chapter but it will increase your life aptitude and you will know who will take of you up ... feeling threatened as usual with my timing which is out of place currently according to social norms yet i behave as a normal person according to my personal account of things which go their own way ... actually i have an esfj in mind and he's my closest allie . we conflict and agree at the same time . i don't know if anyone else here has experienced this or has not take a note of it but it's very ... 68052 impressionist claude monet check out his artwork , it's fantastic and sife , i think . impressionist pissarro i agree . he must be putting on airs . man here . : rolleyes : wonder if he makes an appearance here ... yes . there's not much to astrology anyway . it does not evolve any way . if you ever ponder it , it leaves you quite empty . i'm being honest , don't waste your intp time with it , use it for something ... what a baby he is : angry : little f boy , can't make it ever .. this duel is complete yes yes ! you did not offend me , i'm just hard to tell . i sometimes talk too much , i suppose . i know we xnxp's love derailing threads .. just checking intps and they are off the handle as always , ... not to mind you mr tangosthenes , but i need to realizethis is much clea r . so this if for esfj-isfp : and this is for esfj-isfj which is mirror relations : i agree , you guys are the most inspiring type always as you think something special about everybody agrees with that , i think . sorry , i guess i'm just weird and confused . : shocked : but i ... 67803 well hello hello who is it there is it me or you woman is it october rust me thinks , yearrhh watch interviews . tinesife . i see . sorry , btw , if i came across too strong for you or tharwen . just realized this . i was hasty with everything because i was in a hurry and made a mess with myself . i was experiencing ne rush here as ... i'm also worrying type . it's in my genes . and yeah , it's always about the future ! : frustrating : i guess we are not made for this lifestyle where we hop and hop and hop ... we need to make our own ... yes ! get ready , here we are . we grow up with heavy metal and love it , especially because lordi got so popular after they won the eurovision song contest and bands like amorphis and the rasmus are ... sorry . but nevermind . you can follow them sometimes . in the end , they're just dreams and not meant to be followed but to be made real , i guess . was just thinking about it alot what you wrote and it ... no , no , no ... don't follow dreams hello enfp . please be yourself . they enjoy your company and you are friend to him always in his mind . he looks after , you know , as he speaks about you in his mind ... why is this conversation so popular anymore ? what is that man up to now ? yes , please . i meant we feel strongly if something's not right like ... well ... for me ... if i see someone cry , for example , i feel quite bad about it and fantasize about crying myself ( have to admit :D ) but feel ... hello ! you seem interesting . we have some issues together , like wrong . you hate people who behave badly around others and enjoy outdoors and love movies . interesting , you read poetry . it means many , ... well , my former best friend noora was this type like 100 % . we got along well . not to say i didn't step on her toes , because i was young and inconsiderate . now i'm better with fe types and she would ... yes ! i know what you mean by feeling connected to other human like you do . i mean , i have it , too . but not in the same way esfjs have their fe side . mine is always so minor i can barely see the ... the issue is they come across online as quick . and yeah , it's the stupid in others who reaches this conclusion that they lack stimulating mindsets . they no longer see what is fe and si and ne and ... forms of art are fe and te . photojournalism maybe fe , but also ne . i think amateur photographers are mostly feelers . istj's , too . estj . i think ti people understand this . to other people we look nosy or something . some statistics collected from the site ( articles by types ): intj's ranked highest in national sample saying no to belief in a higher spiritual power . entj's ranked 2nd highest in no and 4th ... i think williams in particularly is hard to tell because he's very .. fake . he's typed as entj by professionals sometimes . i agree . he's got tons of ne and it's not very sporadic as you would expect ... i have the impression too you guys are communal . we don't have much of a community drive since our country has the history of having scattered settlement and long winter . we also have a sparse ... i'm curious , what culture ? i'm finnish . theatre is not expected here at least since we are supposedly very untalkative folk . fe is very hard to do i think . we may react suddenly very happily to ... we do experience emotion but we seem to miss it . people just don't get to see us the way we are ! our emotional world doesn't build up as f people do with their styles , ours is what it is ... '