most of the enfjs here are out socializing . as for myself , i have been gone for about 2 + years , im happy to be back and would like to know what you intps have to offer us ? im currently dating a inxp ... hello fellow dreamers , its been awhile . hi all new friends and hello again old friends . so lately whenever i take any personality type tests , ive been getting really low judging perceiving ... ranting time ! ! or not really ... decided to finally stop by personality cafe and say hello to all my fellow enfj buddies . i haven't been on here in ages ... geeez . and i don't even know when the next ... type two here ! which is a blessing and a curse . that is how deep i will dwell into that ! ... :D i think you should take a different viewpoint to the matter . your experience didnt have much of a optimistic undertone . have you tried to look at this from a more positive view ? next time you have a ... i would have to agree ... he has a strong vibe that attracts . however ... regardless of the type i feel if your well rounded and balance you seem to emit a strong energy ... so he might be any type if ... http://img511.imageshack.us/img511/2787/poster70972421nr8.jpg muahhahahahahha ... hey p-cafe members ! i havent been on in a while . just wanted to say hello to everyone ... but mainly my fellow idealist ! im at work right now . but ill be back on tomorrow evening to start checking ... awww ! ! ! im back ! ! ! only temporarily of course . ive made 3 more circles of friends ... and its hard to maintain all my friends now .. lol . but i loveee you ! ! ! thank you raz ! ! ! yes i love my city ! ! ! its too legit to quit ! lol . theres a ton of things to do , and sadly .. there a few natives in los angeles . so what makes this city awesome is cuz you can meet ... my eyes can burn through your soul and then some ... thats how awesome my eye contact it . how about you infps just be upfront and blunt , i am tired of beating around the bush . and if you dont like me , let me know asap , otherwise your just wasting my precious time . :) yes , ill be ... there is no such thing as a dumb question , only dumb people who dont ask questions . :D if i liked someone , i become shy and reserved in their presence ... ( did i use that word in its right contexts ? meh ... ) if the individual show interest in me , then they will clearly see that i like ... im always busy , and the lil time i do have is not enough to post deep ramblings so most of the time i just read em and bounce . :D assistant manager enfj here . just wanted to say my grand purpose for the company that i work for is to ensure that everyone gets along while things are getting done . and i take measures to ... fyi hugs and kisses :: : can :: : solve many problems . lol im happy to know that im not the only enfj dealing with alot of shit ! i cant deal with nts , as an nfj , i like to be right .. nts are more right then i am .. hahaha . so it would be a relationship that wouldnt last long since i rely on my feelings more then logic so would ... so my ideal candidate would be an istj , my best friend is an istj , and shes amazing , minus the overuse of logic . :P so i was thinking lemme find out how many of you guys are out there and how ... why do people think its okay to take my kindness for weakness .. i had to turn into the hulk just to get my point across .. ugh .. now there gonna think im weird lol . oh well .. yay ! when one of your friends comes up to you and tell you how much they admired you in the past before you became friends .. and you wonder to yourself .. are they sure they're talking about the right ... i would be sooo down for this . i already have a a small group of core friends that are all nfs with the exception of an istj and an esfj . but yeah .. im down .. lol i just noticed this ! ! ! and yes ! ! ! i would have wanted to do this ! ! i think ima lil too late for it though .. fml ! lol .. so i ranted earlier . and felt satisfied .. but one trippy thought i had earlier had something to do with different measurements and measuring .. but i forgot what i applied it to .. and its been pissing ... so .. the other day some friends and i were chilling at the pad . hanging out and conversating ( yes i know this is not a word ) . well in this group of friends there is one other confirmed enfj .. we both ... here is my official welcome ! :D welcome bro ! ! stay faded . :D yay ! okay .. so what pisses me off .. - rude and disrespectful people - when someone disturbs the harmony of the environment - when my brothers act up in public - lack of common sense ... those pesky universal plots ! ! ! its so trippy ! ! ! all so true ! ! ! lol ! stop telling everyone our obvious flaws ! ! ! they will use this as blackmail .. one day ... you sps tsk tsk tsk ! lol . shes an enfjs . she wants to be your friend ! whats wrong with having more friends . im thinking she an esfj as well , as an enfj , you take everyones thoughts into consideration . you ensure everyone is working in a good environment . and im very attentive . and i think most enfjs are as ... im so over courting infps .. eff em ! always testing and questioning my love ! > : l ill stick with istjs as my new goal . just gotto find one that above 6 feet . :/ look for that one person who has a demanding and assertive persona but with a twist of care-bear-ism in it ! ! :D i would like to add , that being a dominant fe kinda means that i feel these intense emotions , like love .. with pretty much anyone i like . lol :: hug :: insert arms here <--- first off ... what is up with all these recent infp / enfj relationship talk .. it seems like in the past few months infp / enfj discussion has blossomed everywhere .. not just here on p-cafe . anyways i ... awww your awesome ! :D :: hug :: first off , just be nice and outgoing towards us and show interest in us and the favor will be returned 10 fold . but check to see if he is an enfj . lol <--- i have a throng of female friends .. id say the ratio of my friends is 80 % female and 20 % male . i think it has something to do with attention .. and wanting attention .. however , my theory is ... hey everybody ! :D anyways ! on to topic .. yes ! ! ! i do change my phrases and slang depending on who im hanging out with ... when im hanging with my beach friends , i say dude , bro , gnarly ... how are you and your mother not getting along ? ! i thought istjs and enfjs were great together , my best friend .. like bestest friend ever is an istj and we get along great . anyways ... saying a yes ... i think my head just got a lil big .. :D but thank you ! i would like to add that yes ... fe is awesome ! ! ! and that istjs are awesome as well .. gotto love their law abidingness you and your trippy logic ... great .. now ima have to dwell on this . lol ditto . i dislike being a burden , and i sometimes .. feel like a pest .. so if someone really wanted to hang out with me , they would hit me up .. i do sometimes hit up friends to chill .. but it depends ... i dont know who wrote this , but its broken english or something .. ugh ! i wish i could have understood it better . lol . male portrait young hamlet first of all attracts attention in new ... let me tell you how much this made me laugh ! ! ! lmao ! this should be the infp moto from now on lol . i cannot mention how many times this has happened to me ... ill go on facebook .. see 3 ... i have become content with the relationship i have with the introvert that is in my life . thank you for all that helpful advice . i have already utilized some of it in dealing with the introvert i am ... lmao ! i have that same issue with an infp .. does he like me ? does he not ? i will never know .. introverts .. yeah in the begining it was fun , it was exciting ... but thats what got me hooked ... now i just want him .. i would raise hell and erase mankind from this planet if thats what was required to be with ...