my son and i doing our mad faces at his birth day party : cool : 193634 i'm from nc as well 35 minutes west of charlotte . i believe i have a traditional western nc accent . it can get pretty bad sometimes . i have friends from chicago and wisconsin half the time they have ... love it naturally esfj's why i have no idea they just always catch my eye but that goes away in about 2 minutes of conversation . it's the int's and the ist's that i try to go for . if your a male and have come to realize that you have no idea how you should dress ... i know i had no clue .. watch all of this guys videos ... he's not gay ( not that it should matter ) anyways he has great ... no doubt i find it funny when someone tries to lie to me ... i immediately look at them laughing and ask them very sarcastically if they think i'm f * * * ing stupid ... always the s's ... lol they have ... this crap 187386 love the eyes . lol yes the phone . : wink : 1 . if a girl sleeps with you on the first date / a guy tries to sleep with you on a first date , for instance , do you put him / her in a not girlfriend material / sleazy box or lose interest in him / her ? ... 187026 1870 34 187042 having to be asleep at a certain time ... having an appointment at a set time . when my isp goes down . j people making comments about my mess . trying to have an in depth conversation with a non nt ... also any thing android and foreign exchange . intp tip if you ever want something that you can never know enough about take a look at currency trading have been at it almost 7 years still not bored . service industry type jobs will be here . most jobs that don't require human interaction and or skilled labor will most likely be replaced . there will always be something for someone to do . all jobs ... i have found multiple videos that has helped me in my journey trying to make it on my own ( self employed ) and thought that some one out there might find these helpful . i have found being an ... becoming wealthy . astrology . gravity . engine design . yes ( intp ) my best friend which happens to be my brother in law ... back in the day i heated up some crunch bars on some toilet paper in the microwave . i then went to the bathroom and started making shitting ... loved all the stories . my grandmother gave me 8 boxes of them . had every issue back to like 1968 think of all the useless facts you could share . all the nerdy places you could go . i took my old esfj to the museum once . all she could talk about was how much she wanted a pet dolphin in her pool ... i think an i + i would be great as long as they where a n it would be easy to keep a conversation . deleted perfect for all you j's out there : tongue : http://www.buzzfeed.com/peggy/33-meticulous-cleaning-tricks-for-the-ocd-person-i 179994 found some more . i really hate photos of my self : laughing : 179970 1799 78 179986 i think its because the es's are allot more forward when it comes to meeting people . but it should not be this hard this day and age to find people . quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking . explains it in detail . all the time . audio books work well when driving . whats weird is i've never cared about displaying anything personal for the world to see . it has never bothered me . it seems like i'm always the one starting conversations when i'm around random ... true however i've tried a ton of different things . you can work on different parts of your personality how ever i believe there are limits as to how far you can go . as an intp there are certain ... i second that . i really think it might just be the n i'm looking for though the j might be a problem in the long run due to my lack of organization . my best friend is an infj and we have always ... the best way to get over it is to be honest with the other person . if they don't fell the same as you it might really suck at first but it will help you to close that chapter and move on with your ... most of my relationships have been with ej's . i have no idea why ... ? it always seems to end with both of us loosing interest . i really would like to be with someone i can relate to . have an ... hello and welcome . i have no idea as to what it's like to be an istp . but on the bright side ... its seems that intp's seem very weird to most people . i have no desire to be in the entertainment ... hello fellow intp . i feel you . my head is always full of ideas as well . like all time . makes it hard to sleep . always more to learn ! ! welcome sounds great looking forward to it ! same for yours ... = awesome . : cool : my niece . this was actually like 2 years ago but i seem not to age ! : wink : my profile pic is current . hello all . intp from nc . i've been a fan of the forums for a long time and decided that it was time to register . i have many interest as most intp's . i love learning about almost anything . one of my ...