omg my family is literallly the exact same . my parents are the same types too . i typed myself wrongly as infj for years , possibly because of my deep-seated role as the organiser / saviour of the ... oh wow , thank you so much ! that makes a lot of sense and is incredibly helfpul . my god , i have typed wrong all these years i think . i was prompted to re-test after realising i use fi all the time ... 370002 hello ! so i've been tested infp and infj 50/50 for a few years now , but kind of adopted the infj as i really ' felt ' the descriptions , more so than infp . however , after this functions ... thanks so much for the reply , that was really helpful ! ! ! i totally agree - low self-esteem is indeed very foreign to him and hard for him to understand . he feels like the problem is all him , rather ... agreed , i'd lean towards isfp but infp is a possiblity . love that gif . 23 . faced much of my earlier fears with a 6 year long battle with an eating disorder . recovery from this allowed me to fear many of the things which had been tormenting me , and now i'm pleased to say ... yep , i'm the exact same . can never act or do impressions if someone asks me to ( or if i'm chameleon-ing and i attempt to make a joke in the style of my funny comrades using an impression of someone ... : - * there's literally no way on earth he's an sp . watch some of his interviews / news shit and you'll notice quite quickly that he lives in the realm of ideas and possibilities . he's very future-oriented ... all the time . the best stuff is when i'm writing a story , and somehow all the things i read during writing seem to relate to my story and feed me more ideas . it's so weird , like the world is ... no one near me ! :'( ( scotland ) i love nt's for romance - so other type is so attractive to me . entp's in particular ;) i'm also oddly attracted to xstps , in a kind of ' what the hell are you doing i kind of like it though ' sort of ... thanks missaverage that's really helpful , and bang on - he definitely feels paralyzed , it's like he's in a bit of a loop . he needs motivation to find work but he's so disenheartened and frustrated ... laura palmer i love love love your name / dp :) major peaks fan here ! loving the herbalist in a finnish forest idea too ! literally everytime i imagine my ideal future it's in a glass / wood cabin in ... drmiller 100 i can relate , i've had almost 20 and i'm not even 25 yet :P he seems to be wavering in and out of depressive thinking ; some days he's really full of energy and sends away tons of ... sure , thank you ! thanks for your response . you think so ? that it's normal , i mean ? i never could have expected this , but i guess we've been weaned to think everything will magically work out after our degrees , ... i don't think frank zappa is entp himself , but i think his music often sounds like how i imagine the inside of your heads :P hello entp's ! i need some advice , i hope you can maybe shed some light on a situation . my entp boyfriend is currently unemployed , and it's having a really negative effect on him . when we met ... totally get you there ; something that could be so enjoyable and empowering becomes belittling and soul-sucking . i feel like the focus is totally wrong in schools . yep , same . even university was ... i liked the comparison to oscar wilde ( cba finding who said it sorry ) and i definitely see it . for me , russell brand is undoubtedly enfp - ne , fi , te , si ? come on , man ! compare oscar wilde to ernest ... i was a bit of a hermione granger grades wise , but pretty rebellious with everything else . the school office was astounded , as i had the best grades in my year ( i was the school dux and got all a's ... hello everyone ! i'd love to hear your stories about telepathy - if you've ever experience the phenomenon , whether accidentally or purposefully . have you ever practised it / tried it out ? if so , what ... i can actually relate to this . i have doorslammed in the past when a relationship hasn't lived up to my expectations . however , it's something i only do in romantic relationships ; i have a terrible ... i couldn't say i hate any one type , though i have had a couple of bad experiences with estj's and istj's . that said , i worked with an estj who i got along with amazingly ; we had a really playful ... yep , i agree with the above two posts - ' diplomat ' seems to suit our natural inclination very well ! i would agree a writer , just probably not an author . i blog , and i have an infp friend who blogs , and i've noticed that our posts are really different in that hers are far more poetic , spontaneous , ... had to delete everything i just posted out of sheer embarrassment ... i didn't read the small print > _ < over-earnest or what get a blog at least ! you may land a book deal ... from me : mellow : . i think you would gain some fame in the ~ alt-lit community . this is how your posts make me feel : ... haha yeah sorry i meant ' neurotic ' as in the second definition ... maybe i'm not using the term correctly : s i thought it just meant someone who over-thinks and worries all the time ! sorry if i was ... boy wonder you are fucking hilarious , write a book or something please . yep , same here . i think that's pretty good advice - sometimes it helps to learn the art of perceiving . a lot of my anger starts off at frustration , and it's usually directed at myself . i get more ... note to self : do do do do do something ! infjs , how do you know when to trust your inner ' voice ' ? how can you separate true intuition , and simple neurotic thinking ? i have a strong hunch that a relationship is going to come to an ... - yes please i want to hear more ! share share ! the story you told is so so tragic :'( like the op , i too have had a strange uncanny ' bam ' feeling with guys . my first ever crush in high ... esfjs . i know this doesn't seem like much of a difference , but i know 3 isfjs ( females ) who are either with or have had esfj ( males ) partners . my mother is isfj , father esfj . it's a lovely ... hehehehheehhe this is so cute . not sure if you're enticing a genuine response or just lulz but here's my two cents anyway : whats your enneagram ? your description sounds a lot like type 4 , which is ... thanks dissonance , i really enjoyed reading your post . wiki-ing as we speak ! hehehehe yeah i think to try just one ( or a couple ) would suffice . i'm so curious about new sensations ! ! ! on the subject though - i've recently discovered a new calming minty vice : just a bunch of ... yeah , the light and first drag of a menthol is the best part . it's weirdly refreshing . that said , after a packet or two they would make me feel sick , and i'd switch back to regular cigarettes . then ... i love love love teaming something kind of pretty and feminine - like a floaty tea dress or skater skirt - with something masculine , like battered leather and biker boots , or a man's watch and ... urgrghrghghghggghh yes : s i don't think it's particularly an infj thing ( i know infps and isfjs and esfjs who are alcoholics ) but yeah , i have struggled with addiction in the past . exercise was one of my vices at one point as ... yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes and it usually takes the form of something ' sensey ' : under stress i eat too much / too little , i drink , i smoke , i don't sleep , i party endlessly , i hang around with ... i have experienced this . i actually handled it by making her into a big joke in my head . it struck me that she was somewhat pathetic - i reckon she was painfully insecure with very little going on ... a ballerina . that failed . then a novelist . still working on that one ... peplums . hate them . i don't really think there's any particular place . i hang out in all the same places an extrovert would . my entp discovered me in a club ! : laughing : i have met 2 confirmed and 1 possible infj in my ... completely and utterly . i think it's because i tend to see the ' core ' of people - from a young age i've always thought of humans as humans and that's that . it angers me so much when i see people ...