i liked the satire about society more than i was bothered by ricks not acting like entps or c137 . the episode was completely dark so it was more tragic than funny to me but i still thought it was ... geonerd hit the nail on the head . one of my best friends is an estj and we tried living together and that arrangement didnt work out for those very reasons . we have fun conversations and i am fine ... i try to be objective a lot of the time so that sometimes means removing myself from the equation or being very straight foward with what my biases probably are . even when others want to gossip with ... do you accept visa ? mastercard ? well i am gluten intolerant . long live and prosper - yoda you're wrong . greedo shot first ! i would also suggest moving on . you can gain more experience and apply to the position again later down the line if it was a dream job . dont burn the bridge by coming across overly pushy , desperate , ... well thats a horrible reason to think you are an infp . people really need to stop being so prejudice with personality types . feelers are not less incline to accomplish things . my brother is an infp ... hmm ... 20 % maybe ? but not really because i always know there is someone in the house i can talk to . i have someone around all the time but we aren't always talking . i program a lot so i need to get ... does it actually matter as to why ? if he isn't respecting you and is constantly being controlling why do you still want to interact with him ? i always figured it was to experience ourselves . it isnt so much that there isnt meaning , just that there isnt a universal meaning for everyone since we create that for ourselves . its all going to ... haha i guess it depends on if they tried to keep the conversation going or not . if i don't and say something like that i'm trying my best to be polite . if they are controlling , demanding , vicious , or completely closed minded we are not going to get along . sometimes i lie because i know i cannot tell the truth for whatever reason and then i blurt out the first thing that comes to my mind . i should probably think before i speak more . this mostly happens ... lately i've been around this girl that has a huge jealousy issue . everything is a bloody competition and she has to constantly put down other people . it's mostly directed at me since i'm friends with ... me : entp mother : enfp father : intj brother : infp my family has fought for various reasons growing up but overall we just have fun and get along . everyone else thinks we are really weird but we ... this is a long list ... i am going to answer some but definitely not all of these : 1 . are you friends with any infjs ? if so , how many infjs are you friends with and how close of friends are you with ... i am confused . am i the one with this anxiety or is it the friend ? if i get bored enough i become a huge troll . example : once upon a time i attached a wireless mouse to the back of this guys laptop and moved it around while he was trying to use it . he ran to the ... haha ! i do the same thing . while moving out i found random journals , old notes and photos . i'd stop and read and think about it . it drove him up the wall but it made moving out a heck of a lot more ... from my experience it wasn't any good . i dated an isfj for 4 years and we lived together for 3 of those years . it started off all fine and fun , but after a while he decided that i should be ... programming . c + + & java mostly . 689722 6897 3068973 8 not really . the way it tends to work for me is that if something happens once i'm not bothered by it . i'll just tell them to stop and move on . i'll probably forget all about it . if it happens again ... i used to test as an intp for similar reasons . a female that's sassy , argumentative , and a troll is not always the most well received by some communities . it just became easier to pick and choose my ... bring up a heated topic with someone really opinionated and then just tune them out . see how long it takes them to notice that you were just ruffling their feathers and don't actually care . doesn't it depend on what time they wake up ? when i went to bed at 9pm i was up at 4-5 am . 1 ) what annoys you about people ? being closed minded and sometimes if they are really , really boring . 2 ) were you interested in politics in your teen years ? not really . i got interested in the ... that's not what you told me last night ... i don't mind not having a firm sense of identity so i don't consider it a struggle . i've come to find that a lot of different skills can build off each other . just because i have experience with one skill or one career doesn't mean that it won't be useful anymore once i pick up ... to convince me the argument will have to be almost all logic . it's the only one that has a chance to change my opinion . i guess i could always be surprised by someone's very compelling ' personal ... your eyes are like black holes ! units . it's my signal to comb over ... 653234 i don't have a position going in because i feel like both sides can have some elements of truth to them . that's why people believe them . now this isn't always the case but usually a good interesting ... sooo ... what would happen if pinocchio said that his nose was going to grow ? just the one . anyways , i have no horse in this race . i just wasn't sure if you were being serious and i assumed given the topic of conversation you were not . i don't always get sarcasm over the ... lol ok is this irony ? i don't know if you're in my range , but i'd sure like to take you back to my domain . testing 1 ... 2 .. 3 ... hey boys ! only thing on the menu for tonight is going to be me n ' u . : wink : i don't know if this has been said so forgive me if it has but i'm too sick to read through 8 pages but ... i learned from one of my classes about the gender spectrum on a biological level ... i create silly stories all the time . it's fun . currently i'm sick with the flu but don't worry big daddio the macrophage and mr . t ( t cell ) are on the job . anyways it's far more fun for me to come up ... i'm successful but i don't usually measure my success by how much money i'm making . i have made a good amount of money when i cared to but i'm much more interested in other things . i sometimes avoid ... they don't like to cuttle ? in case there was some confusion ... i don't think soul mates exist . stalkers can . stalking happens when there's unwanted obsessive attention for another person . well to me ... one exists and the other one doesn't . it wasn't me . :P i come across as shy sometimes but i am not really being shy . i might be being just reserved . a lot of people dote on things i don't care about . example with previous housemates i was reserved . all ...