' hi anyone here a midwife ? if so what is your myers briggs type ? what do you think is the perfect myers briggs type in a midwife ? then what makes you guys trust people ? well , i don't particularly like starting topics · so for my character i went : what three or four things does this person value most in life ? 1 . artistic expression 2 . pleasure 3 . discovering the truth 4 .   ... · so entp's what would you say is your basic underlying attitude about life ? ( i . e . x93things will usually turn out all right , x94 or x93theyx92re all out for themselves , x94 or x93itx92s best to expect nothing ... any ideas ? · what three or four things does this person value most in life ? and · what three things does he / she most fear ? the character is fifteen , female and an entp coming from an entp ... one of the big arsehole types ... the arsehole types tend to be estp , entp , entj , istp , esfp , ( . worth noting that sxp types tend to be great in the sack . ) the types that seem ... so i am writing a short screenplay and one of the questions that i use to create character profiles is · what does she need to know about another person in order to accept that other as ... i would type vlad tepes as a particularly brilliant istj or estj ( and i am inclined more towards istj , but perhaps the very showy ' eating dinner in front of my slain enemies ' hints at extroversion ) ... so asking as a writer ... what's the sex like with an istp guy and an infj girl ? my short story cycle involves an istp and infj romance . my enfj mother really worries about what she considers my lack of empathy , she thought i had autism when i was a small child , and it really worried her . when the family watched the diary of anne ... yeah , i dress in a feminine way because i believe it is in my self interest to do so . but my comment was more social : none of my nt and nf university lecturers and tutors decorate their offices with ... it's funny but i would consider the istp the most masculine of all types * , and i think that istp girls would have it harder than even intj and intp girls ... who atleast can find a home in a ... i think sansa stark from asoiaf is the lone intuitive in her family of sensors ( except maybe bran who also wanted to go south and live the stories . ) this would explain why she feels so different from ... so anyone want to do a what myers briggs type are the characters from boardwalk empire ? i happen to agree with you on the first part , i know an istj man who bores me to tears , but i have mostly infp and infj friends ( and i suspect more nf friends whom i have not surveyed ) also fame is ... 3 of the people i surveyed in real life have been infp's , two infjs ( both female ) and two female intj . i also have one guy infp net friend and another female intj net friend . i am pleased to know ... interestingly , but most guys here have a preference for their feeler mother over their father ( usually a t ) , where as my experience with entj is that they are the most misogynistic / least tolerant of ... thank you , that is very kind of you to say . if we were to redesign myers briggs to accommodate psychopaths , we would add a d to t and f , since at the end of the day , psychopaths act on their desires ... i met a tongan guy , who i suspect was an enfp , and he was more of a man at 14 , then the intj guys i know in their twenties . i think there is a link between introversion and negative childhood experience . http://www.jstor.org/stable/2785397 but , children , as a general rule , do not bully members of the nobility , although ... my dad is an entj . i often wonder about his primary school teacher mother ( whom he idolises ) and his salesman father ( whom he despises ) . my paternal aunt is an esfj . trying to think how an enfj mum and an estp dad produced an intj child . i think eddard was a good portrait of an isfj in a culture that favours a cold interpersonal interaction style , but when he made decision he made it on the basis of feeling for instance to spare ... i hate the notion that women should just fall all over herself for the guy-no matter how unattractive he is-and expect nothing in return i think everybody has a personality type , but assessing the mentally ill is much more difficult because their self perceptions are so wrong . for instance someone with bpd self assessing as any sort ... the suspected esfp i've met had a borderline personality disorder . really annoying , 2 kids in foster care ... etc i think interacting with one's shadow can be beneficial . i think as an intp woman , ... when i first started typing my characters , i was going to make my villainness an esfj ( since that seems like the worst type ) but then when i started asking friends and relatives about their myers ... isn't mr willoughby from sense and sensibility speculated to be an esfp or enfp ? if that guy was anything like that ... no wonder you didn't get along . it's funny , but the enfp and the esfp's are ... i think people type arya as an istp because of her physicality : her love of sword fighting , ( apparently a great many istp are sports people , such as bruce lee , miyamoto musashi , heck even vladimir ... i can see the obvious links between the intp and the schizoid personality disorder , but the links between the intj and the schizotypal personality disorder seem counter intuitive , yet at the same ... i think you might find all types in all populations , but that they would present very differently . a few examples : my it's complicated indian boyfriend , whom i assumed was an esfj , until i ... indeed , the only flaw that lolita could be said to possess is that stupid people misunderstand it . otherwise it is a perfect book . so other than ernest hemingway ( who is also listed as an estp ) what other istp authors are their ? this is brillin . you have summed up the cannibalistic aspect of the male gaze . joffrey did once vivisect a pregnant cat to see it's kittens . which shows a degree of curiousity about how things work : mellow : i think the t in this case implies the absence of true emotions , rather ... ned stark : isfj ( his incredibly stupid decision to spare cersei is something that only a feeling type would make ) catelyn tully : esfj ( she acts like one , but since she was created by a male author , ... you know , yesterday i forced my it's complicated boyfriend , to do a myers briggs test . we discovered he was an entj , when i had assumed he was an esfj * . which is interesting because according to ... i like to dress to flatter my hour glass figure like all women throughout human history i have a preference for men who are tall , strong and healthy . no amount of media indoctrination telling women that they should accept men in all their suwfness ... lolita one of the best books i have ever read . carson mccullers the heart is a lonely hunter has an almost painful ability to create empathy . on reading this thread , i would say that thinking types benefit from the advice of feeling types ( but tend to be too arrogant to listen ) , but that feeling types find thinking types immensely hurtful . according to celebrity types , alber speer was an intp , who in comparison to the wankers the infj's have to share a type with , is just not that embarrassing . terrible as his architecture was . the ... pretty sure that margaret thatcher would be pissed off that she shares a type with joseph stalin ( entj ) , and ayn rand would feel the same about sharing at type with vladimir lenin ( intj ) . pretty sure ... i would say that eddard may have come across as cold , but he made his decisions on the basis of feeling . for instance the decision to spare cersei , despite her failure to comply with moral norms is ... that makes sense . his books seemed kind of devoid of feeling . one of my oldest friends is an esfj . i like her wisdom and i often take her advice , especially on how to manage and interact with men . i think because she is so different from me , she tends to pick ... i have no objection to her literalism , being a rather literal and facts based person myself . i had in fact already thought of that particular problem when i fixed upon spider bite . the reason that i ... hmn i would expect an isfp writer to both wax lyrical about natural beauty and also to enjoy playing with beautiful and complex language . where as hemingway's prose is kind of ugly . men like it ... no way could an isfp ( who are supposedly all about aesthetics ) be so singularly devoid of beauty . '