' night circus by erin morgenstern is absolutly amazing , it has great imagery and a movie is coming out soonish . the circle by dave eggers , not as well written as night circus but the concept is so ... i made something to turn on / off my light from my bed . i have played soccer competitivly my whole life , and let me tell you , i'd say like 98 % of the athletes i've met are e's . it is actually really annoying and i have experienced team chemistry problems ... i am usually pretty passive agressive . otherwise i typically try to keep it all in and vent my anger through arguments with the person in my head . my best friend is an entj , i love her about 94 % of the time but the other 6 % of the time is pure hate . we have great conversation and we get along really well . but she can be very mean to other ... what if we humans are actually dolls for somebody in the sky that we can't see . what if the stars are actually people from other planets and / or universes observing us . what if you time ... let me just throw out there that it would be crazy if there are no aliens , since the universe is soo huge ! i mean the universe couldnt have been built just for us ... look what we are doing to the ... i just saw a great movie , it just came on dvd . its called prisoners with hugh jackman .. and i thought the acting was amazing and for some reason i just loved it . i can say i didnt predict the ending , ... its funny you posted this because i was thinking about this yesyerday , if intp's could be divided into more sub categories . i think your descriptions are mostly correct , but then again i don't think ... i am pretty much exacly as you described . i actually failed my math class last year , but not because i didnt try , i worked my butt off but my teacher just sucked . so anyways i am retaking the course ... tommorow is already christmas and i still need to get like most of my gifts ... crap . i have not had my first kiss yet and i am 17 . however , i just wanted to say that the kids were probably laughing because they felt akward about talking about something they are worried / scared about , ... kill that is my first thought when i see a spider ... they are fine in nature but walk in my house and they will die . i am currently analyzing britney spears by watching all sorts of videos of her , from when she started out ... to present day . it is so interesting to see how she changed from being in the spotlight and ... dear enfj , please use your indoor voice , i have ears . not everything needs to be overexagerated and not everything is as interesting as you think it is . also please understand your problems are ... i bought a sweater that was 80 % off and a pair of nike running shoes that i have been waiting to be on sale . i also got my little cousin a ninja turtle action figure for christmas . so i spent about ... i would say i am quiet and lazy . however i make myself do it at the last minute , weather it is the night before a big project is due or 5 minutes before class . i have about a b average right now at a ... - i love dogs - i'm pretty empethetic , evan if i may not understand their reasoning for their feelings - i am very competative in sports ... actually in most things that involve wins & loses - i ... i am really into soccer and i think my intp powers help alot . i can normally think the game much faster than anyone else and my intuition is pretty strong . i react so mutch on my intuition when i ... how difficult would you say it is to get to know you ? i would say hard , depending on the person . how much do you hold back ( and why ) ? i feel like i hold back alot . i try not to , but it happens ... i agree , my family is terrible to talk to . except my mother ... once in awhile .. in small doses .. when she is tierd . haha . i have an entj friend who is fun to hang out with . i don't normally get ... here is my rant about my intj father who is a complete ... dont want to swear ... but a dumb ass . he thinks this family is some sort of dictatorship where he is the ruler . just because he makes the most ... i dont have mutch , i don't like to keep things that i never wear . its great because i have enough to do 1 load of laundry a week but not too mutch where i have usless clothes that i will only wear ... i am sure i would be able to figure it out , after all i would have a life time to do it . and i bet there is some sort of manual in the server room . if i really was the last person alive ( assuming the world is undamaged and safe ) i would move someplace new with my puppy and maybe my reletives dogs ... so like s total of like 7 dogs to someplace ive ... i am a cautious driver and i go pretty much exacly the speed limit all the time . i have had my permit for over a year but have not taken the time to sign up for my behind the wheels yet . whoops , my ... i would choose fisher king . my second choice would be the road eternal . i would choose fisher king because you pretty much get to live in hogwarts ( like somebody else mentioned earlier ) . plus you ... dad : intj mom : isfj brother : enfp ( i think ) sister : exfp cousin : estj cousin : esfp aunt : esfj of my extended family , those sre the ones who have taken the test . my family is normally pretty ... i am an agnostic ; not sure what subcategory as i am not sure where i stand in that yet . religion largely cunfuses me ... why do so many people believe in something so much that has never been shown to ... irreligion in the united states - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i was curious to compare the percent of irreligion in each state . then i found this : list of agnostics - wikipedia , the free ... i take a nap , pretend it wasnt a bad day and then watch greys anatomy to remind myself that my life could be worse . hmmm somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed . maybe i should change my whole life around , because you are obviously a very smart individual ! i am going to go cry about what a terrible person i ... i think it sounds bad but ... honestly i don't think i would have to think about it mutch . i would save the member of my family , my dog ! my parents used to always yell at me for not making eye contact . they said i was being rude or that they would think i am lying or up to something . a lot of people think i am not listening to them , ... my entj friend and i do that to . even if one of us was like late to school , when we would meet again the conversation would always start with i thought you were dead . we got some weird looks , i ... i love languages ! my native language is english . although started french in kindergarten and knew some things in french before english . ( i went to a french immersion school in elementry school , then ... 3 ) what is the longest you've ever gone without sleep . most likely around 24 hours when i took a flight to frace and never slept until it was bedtime there . good way to adjust to the time zone . 4 ) ... yes i am actually naturally very athletic . last year i actually won an award at school for being athletic . i am pretty serious into soccer , i will hopefully be looking at scholarships . anyways i ... i can relate to alot of the posts here . i used to have a best friend and we were very close for about 7 years . then she started to kindof drift away from me to be with more popular kids . she ... - the week of the 4th of july up at my cabin with my cousins . nothing to worry about , no commitments . just a week of water skiing , laying in the sun , bon fires , unhealthy snacks , and naps . although ... 7542775428 when i am solving a problem , something along the lines of kill me now ... please goes through my head . it is a waste of time and has no purpose , i dont really find it fascinating . egh , this happens way to frequently to me . it actually prevents me from falling asleep , because all my problems from the day just start flowing at me , then i get stressed out and anxious and my heart ... i am just finnishing my sophmore year , so next year i will be junior . what were you in high school ? nerd , jock , gamer , computer geek , prep , ghetto or others ? i am considered probobably jockish , ... i am a vegetarian as well . i geuss i dont really have a reason for it . i just woke up one day in 3rd grade and decided to do it , maybe it was to prove to everyone i can do it ? but i feel like i am ... greys anatomy all the way ! is it bad that i like that it is sad and depressing a lot of the time ? haha i geuss it makes me feel better .   ... i am sooo bad . i think it is because there are just so many possiblities they could be saying ! ! ( some more interesting they what they are actually saying haha ) my friend across the room was doing a ... i wish i had a pet monkey its funny because i really am not that neardy at all . i mean i am like obsessed with hp and doctor who if that counts but as far as pokemon and like hanging out in the library , not at all . i actually ... - math ; i probably will have to go to summer school despite the fact i have been working by butt off for my grade :'( - walking in a straight line - talking - small talk with guys - doing my hair and ... '