i can relate completely . people mistake passion for anger . i'm a 27 year old entp woman , he's a 30 year infj man . there is so much i could say to explain the situation , and i have posted about it before on the infj forum . i have tried really hard to be as ... thanks for replying guys . the last thing i want is for him to feel bad , i actually felt happy in some way to feel that much for another person , i surprised myself . i like being made to feel something ... entp female here . i'm 27 , i have only been in love twice and both times was with infjs . there is some kind of mutual magnetic attraction between us . we speak , they listen ; we theorise , they ... for anyone who cares , i decided to come back to guatemala for another three months to be with him again . the first month was tough , we had a few arguments due to poor communication , fears etc , but ... so i have been dating this 30 year old infj man since december last year , and we are in love . i am an entp woman . today he was telling me a story about an ex-girlfriend from many years ago who ... for me personally , yes , but it can't be all in too fast ... it needs to feel natural ... it's hard to explain lol . maybe this is why i have been single for so long hahahaha . i think that for me , if i am to make such a binding commitment , i need to see strong evidence of commitment in the other party before i feel comfortable with it . otherwise i feel foolish because i ... the doubts came back because the communication has been non-existent for two days hahaha . i keep changing my mind ... this time i am thinking that the whole thing is not worth it . infjs seem to love talking with me , and i'm entp :-) i * think * i am an sx-dom but i am not sure , and i have no idea what he is but his energy seems on par with mine so i wouldn't be surprised if he is sx-dom too . any advice on how i could determine ... he is 30 and seems very mature and intelligent , he is generally very able to explain himself when asked unless he genuinely doesn't know the answer . i think you are right . we have been in regular ... that is interesting because it conflicts with another comment on here which says that lack of physical touch diminishes feelings ... maybe it varies individually ? hahahaha , i know ! :-D do you think it's weird or cute ? i am pretty sure this is a typical entp reaction to falling in love ! yes that is spot on haha . we have had two three-hour skype conversations since the last time i posted here and i think it helped us feel reconnected to each other . i am feeling better about the ... thanks for your input . it is similar for me , and he did say that it's just not the same without being able to touch . i am slightly confused as to what i should do next in this situation ... i have ... what would it take from the person for it to be possible for you to wait years for them ? i'm sure they can't just be anyone ... they would have to be special in some way , right ? this was good advice , thank you . we do need to just have an open and honest discussion of what is going on . i have really been questioning things since we stopped communicating in the natural , normal ... ok so i have some follow up . it has now been 12 days of waiting , we have had brief contact every few days , a short online chat or an email . we also did a skype video chat one time . however , now my ... so he sent me an email about an hour ago saying sorry for taking time to reply but that he doesn't want to say anything without thinking properly , he said he has been thinking and thinking but still ... hello everyone ! well , i sat for about 45 minutes writing a very long explanation of every single detail of what happened , but my kindle fire died and i lost everything i wrote . damn this entp ... she absolutely does not sound like an entp . i think enfp is more likely . estps have inferior ni which serves their se purposes . they are still capable of planning and theorising . an ne-dom would be more prone to accepting alternative viewpoints , when the female character ... he just seems like an arrogant prick . more like an estp than an entp . i agree with this . that's really interesting to think about , thank you . i've been a passionate feminist since i got to the age of 12 or 13 and started noticing the glaring disparities in the way men and women are treated and expected to behave . he sounds like a stressed , depressed entp who is in isfj mode . he needs to spend less time alone trapped in his own thoughts . try to get him to tell you exactly what the problem is , let him say ... hah , yes ! that was interesting but the gender-specificity bothered me . i felt i could relate to a lot of what was being said , but i'm female and according to the theory , do not have an anima . i'm not sure what ... what the op described is behaviour i could have towards someone i'm not interested in . people often mistake my friendliness and willingness to spend time with them for more than what it is . the only ... i know exactly how you feel , exactly . i have the same problem at university . i haven't found a solution though i'm sorry to say , other than trying to detect fellow ns in the room and sticking with ... i don't know whether it comes down to self-discipline or not , but i find it hard to see how someone self-aware enough to be able to generate the idea of ' tricking ' yourself into aiming for goals you ... when i'm genuinely excited for something ahead of me in the future which requires effort from me in the present moment . i have to feel capable of achieving the goal in order to feel like putting in ... i hate this assumption some men make . i have never been with a man who can keep up with me sexually . my sex drive is very high and has been since being a young teen . i absolutely reject this notion ... i'm watching an episode of prison break and heard a description of low latent inhibition for the first time , which can be found here : latent inhibition - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ... i've been doing the exact same thing for as long as i can remember too , i love sitting in public places loudly discussing controversial topics . recently i sat in a jacuzzi in my gym with a friend of ... feelings are irrational though , telling someone their feelings are irrational is about the least helpful thing anyone can do in that situation , and if you're apparently an infj with auxiliary fe then ... your ne + ti are being applied to try and explain why the break up happened , all that can happen is you go round in circles in your mind trying to figure it out and not being able to find a solution ... chemistry student . used to study law . i completely understand , you're trying to work through an idea in your mind , you wouldn't mind being spoken to if the person speaking was able to help you discuss the idea you're thinking through , ... i think that men ( because they are usually thinkers ) do not tend to care , but in my experience women ( because they're usually feelers ) get offended when you make no effort to chit chat and just give ... another thing i want to mention relating to this is that , when living with other people , i find myself getting annoyed by the inane questions i tend to get asked . for example , i am going about my ... exactly . walking in through your front door , without anyone speaking to you , being able to just sit down and not speak for a while , without worrying that your silence is being taken personally and ... i think you mentioned a key point , being around ' fun and interesting people ' . exactly . if i am around fun and interesting people , then it's awesome and it energises me . the problem is , many people i ... how does a lack of time alone affect other entps ? what does it do to your mood ? if i don't get sufficient alone time , either because i have too much to do outside of the house , or when i come home ... this thread is about 9 months old . it turned out he was an istp ( and they have the same functions as an infj , hence my confusion ) . at the time my knowledge of mbti wasn't developed enough to type him ... definitely infps . i feel very embarrassed to listen to the music i love in front of people who i know do not share my taste . it's because i feel exposed and like they might be using the music i've chosen as a way to ... female entp from the uk over here ! ! :-D