' means that i have difficulty constructing coherent imagination patterns . i just intervene too much with my own thought processes so that links get broken somewhere in between and what was a ' natural ' ... i think in broken images and largely , i mistrust them . the porsche . wait for the new 991 turbo . i am sure they'll have fine-tuned the suspension more than the 997 ' s suspension.also more power . the gt 3 rs 4.0 is just godly . nothing is so precisely ... air simulation games : f - 16 aggressor falcon 4 these two are the most realistic and have the most detailed and accurate f - 16 model.also artificial intelligence is good enough for close quarter ... ghazal is a genre of poetic expression common in persian and urdu poetry . in structure it is perhaps a bit similar to petrarchan sonnet . following is a ghazal by faiz ahmed faiz , sung by the great ... the meaning of life is to sing along or dance along while the music is being played . that's just what it really is . and also , if you search too much for meaning , you'll end up wobbling between ... well . in the country i live in ; there's no such formality as ' speed limit ' on the road . people obey signals ( when they are working ) at their own leisure . and most roads are without clearly marked ... alan watts was once talking to his japanese friend who was a zen master ; on the topic of translating zen texts , which were in japanese , into english so that zen could gain wider understanding and ... oh yes . how could i not ? but i like ' a collapse of faith ' better . the shifts from ambient to dark and heavier sections are just . . . ecstatic ! also i like how atmospheric it is ; takes you to ... i really like ambiental post metal ; some other bands which i listen to are : hammock kauan alcest the 3rd and the mortal ulver october falls ubiquitous sloth oh i love post-metal . try this band : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7uhaPyZG9Y some times its good to play the social game . to put on masks and roles ; even if you know deep down that its not you . you have to realize that every body is not self-aware enough to really know ... i'll tell you there is no leap and no faith . there's only you . so cheer-up god ! yes . they are closely linked . the judeo-christian concept of god as the great old man with a white beard sitting on top of the heavens is derived from greek mythology . trust me its a blessing you are ' late ' . just because of that you'll observe much more in life , unlike most people who are completely caught up in the ' exciting treasures ' of life . all you have to ... yesterday while searching on the internet i came across , two very exquisite pieces of sufi poetry . originally in persian , it loses its charm and rhythm in translation . who is man ? the ... i have some memories that have a fairly vivid impression on my mind . and others i remember occasionally when i sometimes encounter something that has some form of resemblance with the happenings , ... what about mind is matter and matter is mind ! for me the problem comes when i start to think about thinking about thinking . that's over thinking . then its time to stop thinking and start living . thinking too much is not so much a problem than mistaking it for what really ' ' is ' ' . that is correct . i am a 4w5 . i thought it was an intp thing to be interested in subjects that dealt purely with rationale and not art or litreature . we're supposed to be more hippies than ... i am deeply interested in subjects like metamathamatics , newtonian mechanics , relativity , calculus etc . and their philosophical consequences . http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7033/6747845403_280406a0f8_z.jpg dscn 0016 by self loving , on flickr i think i'd say that : don't go too soon , don't wait too long . goethe said : a creation of importance can only be produced when its author isolates himself , it is a child of solitude . for me it is only when i am alone that i can be in a carefree and ... i'd say its only due to fear of death that i have a desire to live . its the ' fear ' of the unknown sometimes that induces the desire and urge to know . to live is to know . well . i live in lahore , pakistan . in a very isolated place . 10 or so miles from the city . combat air-simulation games . anyone ? falcon 4 f - 16 aggressor lock-on janes f - 15 , iaf , usaf etc . these are my type of games . i am absolutely addicted to them . although i am not sure they are ... not even one . no patterns . no sequences . no shapes . no symbols . basically nothingness . a ecstatic trance . expression fails to ' express ' . yes this is how i am . i heard its some type of obsessive compulsive disorder ! lol . : laughing : but nonetheless its one of the most ' ' creative ' ' times for me . it induces the kind of ' deep ' thinking state that is not ... no friends here man . no friends at all . http://i91.beon.ru/70/50/705070/24/28225624/4d72bbee92bc.jpeg i have been really influenced by zen buddhism lately . the zen ' flavor ' is so immediately recognizable as distinct and in-commensurable so it has a certain charm for me . worshiping this illusional ego is bad , being introsepctive is not . that is not the point : tongue : some say there's a god . . . . yeah its totally fucked up . p . s its not a very good idea to ask an infp about his / her opinion of the society . you can't really die now . the only way it could happen is suicide . so the idea that i will die will always remains in future . and mind likes to think of that future as too far . although logically ... if i knew i were to die tomorrow ; i would die today . gunshot would be the best way . but the thing is that the day of my death seems to be too distant into the future . so distant that it almost ... one advise : live in the moment . don't think about long term future . try zen buddhism . fundamentally what it says is that you cannot actually ' know ' yourself . cos that would be like separating the ' awareness ' of yourself form yourself ! when this happens ; it is ... i love foggy weather . i love to go out alone in the street in extreme fog late at night ! there is a pleasure sure in being mad which none but madmen know . ( john dryden ) in pain is a new time born . ( adelbert von chamisso ) i seriously thought that i was going to die today ! even though there was no apparent reason of thinking so . : happy : some crazy existentialist theories . : crazy : ^ alcest is perhaps one of the best i've heard in shoe gaze . love them . thanks for posting . this is another one from them that i really like . dreamy , soothing and serene . . . . ... space / psychedelic rock only . : tongue : i'd say not on this planet . search elsewhere . the more i try to understand myself ; the more confused i become . i cannot really describe myself in definitive terms . x93man is least himself when he talks in his own person . give him a mask , and he will tell you the truth . x94 said oscar wilde . '