' yea i agree with you . i just wanted to countereact to the american attitude of saying everything was invented there , which shined a bit there :D . i not all too serious about whether its an empire ... haha , you forgot to say : the inventor of overstatements as well :D - the first autobahn ( highway ) of the world was built in berlin in 1921 called the avus . - the invention of ... serious business :D http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm135/7xB/GUYS-SHHH-THIS-IS-SRS-BSNS.jpg this what my gf told me too when i tended to work thru the night . and i listen to my gf no bs srs bsns , hell i love that langauge :D i thought similiary but i am not so sure if its only about comitment for me . i usually pride myself in being comitted and dedicated think for me its really more about just forgetting about some ... ^ ^ this 100 % . i wonder if this a phaenomena exclusive to entjs ? what general von ludendorff doesnt know what an empire is ? that will change soon corporal , go and clean the toilets ! ! :D next level cat is watching this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjQPeyKkHj4 ya and then you try to call your girlfriend and tell her that she was right and you were just a huge douchebag that day a thing you by then not only say , but notice . and it frightens you how little ... if you dont understand that you aint able or willing to empathize . if you cant imagine that you live in this world with blind eyes . or are you a robot ? thanks for your response . i read up on the functions but i find them all in me . except regarding the s and n difference that's what initially brought me to mbti . i was before mbti already knowing ... hi there , i know we dont know each others quite as long as you prolly do know some other people , still i'd like to ask if you by chance have an idea how to decide whether one is entp or entj . i ... the todd ! he's moving , uuu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPQCDdUoZCI&feature=related contemplating your emotions doesnt make you un-entpish on the contrary . they are prolly the worst enemy you'll have in your life and the earlier you deal with them the better . i've experienced ... i totally misunderstood the thread title . i was expecting a question that asks me if i laugh before i place the final blow :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-flQmtL_IQ hammer on nail : laughing : dunno comes of a bit estp but all the actors seemed strange since they made star trek mainstream . i think scotty came closest to my understanding of an entp , kirk could be one tho too , wouldnt rule ... could be that he was an enfp , would it make even easier to like him cause if he was an entp , i'd be like liking myself . that is awful ! * licks own arm * :D ich hab 10,000 posts drüben auf typologycentral , das bringt mir aber gar nix denn typec ist down :/ grats to you :) it's hard to find a grown-up intp , who has style . :) thats prolly the biggest challenge you know you are a thinker , when your jokes start to offend people xd http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7jDRqaJU2E&feature=related i once read that a perfectionist is a romanticist at heart . cause while he will never be happy with anything he does , thinking about it , only with heartly matters he can achieve perfection . this is a ... i've known countless people in my life , i've never stopped searching and asking . always in every time someone differently has amazed me , most often by me only learning about his or her personality ... music : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmrXR3MjWz8&feature=related i've always been looking for rolemodels in my daily life ; i was never the one to identify myself with great historical figurines . of course i wanted to be picard but who didnt ? :D the greatest ... here's one from the prouder times of my life :) http://s1.directupload.net/images/110601/lxvu2pb3.jpg i am very sceptical of this system . it is dangerous to existing relationships , because it assumes so much about people , it even condemns some relationships to death . if my gf would come to me and ... 1 . what type did you mistype as ? entj 2 . what is your actual type ? entp 3 . how long did it take you to figure out that you weren't the type you thought you were ? about a year on typec . tho i ... no problem , anytime :) you are forgiven . :D we lately had a long discussion on typoc about the european attitude to make fun of americans . i assured that not every european is like that and that there are actually ... thanks for your opinion . do you think that humans are good or bad or that they can do good or bad ? i see . well as an fe user i cant really say i am less sensitive about getting my feelings hurt than others and i'd think of that assumption in comparison to the fi way of dealing with things as ... it's often said that fe seeks for harmony in a group or at least a harmonious way of solving conflict . did one ever think about the possibility that fe could be aswell be about control ? as in ... intresting theory , havent thought about this one yet van tho that's pretty obvious cause the shortest distance between two points is always the straight line :D hello everyone , i came here from typologycentral and thought i am giving you guys a try :) . i am 27 years old from germany , student of mechanical engineering and a tech and techno freak . i am ... '