' intensity successes ... a few days ago , i was working at a gas station , stressed and training a new guy . there was this regular old man that used to come in every day a few months ago . he came in , ... hi there , my sister is contemplating dabbling in mechanics . her personality type is enfj . i'm interested if anybody of this personality type has tampered around in this career and what they feel ... i grew up in portland , oregon and feel almost lost without it . something about that place seems very nf to me . strangers seem to wear their hearts on their sleeves and have intense values circulating ... i'm reviving this thread out of curiousity . i have a weird type of addictive personality . i know i'm an addict , because i'll take whatever i can get as long as i don't have to be sober for more ... not having freedom in the general structure of life's set up . right now , having to work full time and not having the funds or time to pause so i can finish school , or the motivation / energy to do it ... omg yes . my biggest fault is this feeling that my existence in somebody else's life will somehow irreversibly damage their life . ( i know that sounds extreme .. ) i remember this feeling starting in ... for me it's taking care of myself ... i judge my happiness on how happy i am in the most plain , alone times of the day / week / whatever . the common standard of feeling below the physical world and ... infp artist i'm totally infatuated with http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sp6BtVx26w it seems very common in infps . why , i can only guess . i feel like ( at least speaking from my own experience ) it is the idealism . we search for experiences that can only be described as otherworldly ... hey i'm curious about something . how important is the aesthetic appearance of others when dating to you ? as an infp , i could honestly care less and it's way less important than others make it out to ... yes ! i so would . but i have issues around eating , being a person who focuses way too much on food and gets obsessive about weight gains or losses . so i would quit eating if possible , assuming ' give ... there are so many ways to see this . most valuable as in a friend ? to keep to myself ? or what i would wish to be ? in other people : n , f in myself : n , p ( ne mostly ) that i wish i had ? : e , n ( well ... i agree that its more about how you deal with a situation . i personally think infp simple because when life goes rotten , they still have their ideals , and there is the constant reminder of a ... i don't see jack as an esfp . sure he's spontaneous , but that doesn't mean he's a p . he's also very decisive and makes strong judgements , i see more of a nfj vibe . it's not that he's spontaneous but ... i would say i'm generally quite smart , not in a ' gather all accurate facts and remember them forever in extreme detail nt type of way , but in an adaptable way . i learn things very quickly and my p as ... you're talking about the movie or the book ? i haven't seen the movie but i'm reading the book . the movie must portray the characters way differently , because amir is definitely an infp when you read ... i feel like it could be citalopram withdrawal ... i'm having a similar experience with antidepressant withdrawal , and it is said to last a long time . 3 weeks or months longer if you've been on a ... i have an addictive personality , however i'm too sensitive to experience any ' after ' affects so whatever addictions i get , doesn't last long . i find myself using a variety of things and with gaps in ... any guesses ? i honestly am bad at this . phil : istj si : exfp , leaning on n , although he seems rather distant and maybe changed with age / war jase : xxtx willie : i actually have no idea mrs kay : ... it seems more people have sfj types than not . in this case i conclude that only sfj types have babies . i think it's possible . i don't get it either , but i have a similar experience . i was really emotionally closed up and had no emotional intelligence about 5 years ago , ( although this was highschool ... i think this one keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes because it measures all of your functions ( even shadow ) and gives you an amount for each , and also gives you the 2 other types you are ... 1 does it make sense to consider esfj the worst mtbi's type ? erm no , it doesn't mae sense to consider any type as the worst mbti type . 2 did you have just bad experiences with people of this ... yeah ' direct ' is the word ! and where are all of the esfjs ? so few on here ! : crying : i wrote you an essay ! : 3 enjoi ! it's mind boggling to me that anybody could dislike esfps . but maybe because the one esfp i know is one damn amazing person ! i'm not even that close to him as a ... eric is nooot an infp no way ... can't see it . eric : isfj donna : estp hyde : xntj fez : exfp jackie : esfj kelso : esxp kitty : isfj red : istj yes :D i love this video , it's so good at circulating the internet too . congrats to the maker ! i showed it to my enfj sister and she loved it . : 3 lol , we should have a seperate thread for that . now it sounds interesting . although if a person is , say , mugged , i doubt the victim is going to turn around and while the suspect is fleeing the scene , ... that makes sense . a lot of the things you described are really useful , having a strong sense of duty to help others and check in with people , etc . i feel as if the caregiver thing is something infps ... i had a really fantastical connection with an esfj , we bonded on a really deep level that felt so natural , almost eerily like i had known them forever . we felt totally comfortable around eachother ... enfj , esfj , infj , intj , infp ... that outfit is amazing . what is this an infp thing ? i thought i had social anxiety . both my mom ( who's infp ) and me have this . whaddafu . perhaps it has something to do with not feeling connected instinctively to social ... i feel as if grief can linger longer in infps because they tend to internalize their feelings , sometimes try to stifle them to both stay in emotional control ( seeing as fi is dominant ) or to not hurt ... i'm a complete loner that the moment , but i would like enough good friends to feel like i have a group where i belong . or maybe all that urge is , is for that one special someone ... either way , 2 good ... yeah seems normal . emotions in general are uncontrollable for the most part , maybe we pay them more focus than other people so they seem more erratic . my mood changes every 30 minutes pretty much ... intp . i was emotionally unaware . i fell into a depression and began intense introspection . so i began to un-emotionally-stunt myself , i was so bottled up i didn't know i had emotions . ( i am not ... i went through the same thing . didn't know it was so common . infps must be sensitive to losing their safety-zone or something . was an a student , parents divorced , grades slowly slipped into fs , ... weird , i'm an infp with an older sister just like that who's either an esfp or esfj . unfortunately , don't know the answer to this one . maybe instead of no , make plans around when you believe you'll ... sorry for text walls . i tend to write long . it feels an incomplete release if i backspace . 1 . ) what personality types are your parents ( if you know ) ? what was it like as an infp growing up with ... i've never had sex . eeep . but sex to me is nothing . probably because it literally takes that form . all i know is it releases massive amounts of dopamine , oxytocin and other feel-good chemicals ... hahahahahaha oh gosh that was hilariously accurate ! kudos towards your description and awareness of hyperactive ne-flow thoughts ! sometimes they're hard to see at all , those buggers fly by so quick ... 5835958360 58361 do you ever feel like somebody's watching you ? i'd love to swap fi for fe . i really don't like that fi makes me feel self centered sometimes . and i know this wasn't in the question but what if you could change one letter in your type ? i'd love ... i know i know , there are probably hundreds of threads about depression on the infp forums . or on any forum . i'm too lazy to search . any other infp suffer from depression ? do you feel it could ... wow , darkestblue , that was beautiful . thank you for sharing that . i didn't know others were into atmospheric post rock as well . do you know this one ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rENnKECnfs ^ lol , in hibernation , that's a great term . i think it comes down to how you feel when you get back from being out . are there times when you don't feel like socializing , but you come back ... estj and unhealthy infp . you can just imagine how that marriage went . looked exactly like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPeDAVDfS10 my dad always did that , repeat the risks in ... i laugh at everything , everything if i'm happy . i can't even tell when i'm laughing because i do it so much at things that are so normal ! sometimes the very fact of somebody talking to me makes me ... my enfj sister sits at home texting and on the television most of the day . she makes friends also , a lot of the time without telling me about any anxiety or anything before going to meet a stranger ... '