' my ex invited me to her cheese and wine party tonight , and i'm not going . receiving from somewhere like bbc radio 3 , i think . now i'm thinking of the story of daphne , who was changed into a tree as a way of avoiding apollo's advances . how do the people in your ... well , despite my best efforts , ' tomorrow ' has become ' saturday ' , but here is my reply : well , i am bipolar , so that may have something to do with it . i dislike being bipolar not just for the ... this argument makes the assumption that the embryo / foetus is aware of its existence . you are ascribing fully-sentient , mature thoughts on to something which is not fully-formed . do you remember ... silverkelpie i'd be fascinated to know , too , and in as much detail as possible . however , at the same time , somebody thinking i'm mistyped would make me question my own self-knowledge . from what i ... i understand what you mean . sometimes i'm the same , but then at other times i find that analysing my emotions in depth helps me to understand them and come to terms with the fact that i have them ... agreed . being an intp is more about how you handle your emotions than the fact that you have any . at the weekend i met a guy * who i enjoyed talking to , but he had this habit of sitting as close to me as possible , to the point where i was worried he was going to sit on me . he kept leaning in , and ... 615050 melusinaampersand note to self - do not write complicated replies late at night . it will only end in terrible spelling and grammar . ( ' but their is ' , ' about their being a processor ' , ' tandom ' ... i don't really have anything in particular to add to the above except i wanted to tell you how much i love your descriptions , similes and analogies ! also , it sounds like a highly enjoyable way of ... ratatoskr i'd never heard of constance de markiewicz ; thank you for enlightening me . she has an intriguing face . my avatar is simply a very silly picture i drew when i was about 17 . i'm happy ... nell obviously , i don't know exactly what will happen , but i have noticed a pattern . after a while i start feeling smothered , trapped and restless , and i realise i no longer feel the same for the ... sorry , i'll admit i haven't read all your post yet , and will do so later and respond accordingly when i get home , but i just wanted to say - me too ! except , i have a crush on him in the ... for some reason i'm worried that my type will be questioned . i'm worried that something i do or say on here will cause somebody to say call yourself an intp ? , if you were really an intp you ... it really is just a personal thing for me . i don't expect society to enforce it , and i don't expect others to treat me the same . in fact , i have plenty of instances when they haven't . yet somehow i ... you get annoyed with your friends because they want to see you too often . depends what you mean . personally , i love kandinsky because of the various things you can find in it : 614674 really ? i'd never thought of it that way . couldn't any piece of art supposedly ... hal true . and yet again we have proved that most people don't think , and never question anything . i'd respect somebody with opposing views far more if they could explain why they held them , and ... i like making silly jokes with my limited knowledge of french : cochon d'inde , ou cochon dinde ? l'apostrophe , c'est important . cochon d'inde - guinea pig cochon dinde - pig turkey i once ... i'm bipolar which can make me more overtly emotional than i would like to be , or than i would be if i weren't bipolar . oh , absolutely . i was in no way suggesting that all left wing people were remainers . i was stating my personal opinion , that's all . sorry , do you mean homophobia , racism etc . is seen in a bad ... 1 . partly because it stops my brain from chattering . mostly because of the responses i have to it , be they emotional , intellectual , or nostalgic . music is one area where i can feel strong uninhibited ... hal i wish i had your confidence . i'm definitely not centrist either , but i'm always very wary of letting slip just how left wing and liberal * i am because i have no wish to be ridiculed ( again ) ... warning : unusually icky post . on saturday , despite feeling a great urge to hide away from the world , i went to a party . i felt obliged to go and was fully expecting to be bored / overwhelmed by it ... maybe ' compassion ' wasn't the right word . i suppose it's more of a ' do as you would be done by ' situation . i see no reason to treat people unfairly if i can help it because i find it illogical , and ... but can't one be objectively compassionate ? i mean , i'm quite misanthropic and want to be left alone , but at the same time i have no wish for anyone to be treated unjustly . cruelty is illogical and ... patting them on the head with increasing vigour at every interjection might work : tongue : i suppose we'll have to make our own thread ! exactly . fach is usually reserved for opera , so , whilst an opera singer might be asked to sing faure's requiem , there is no specific fach ... first , apologies for taking so long to respond . i suppose i do . i suppose it links once again to the feeling of being an outsider because it seems that most people are indeed more emotionally ... same here . however , i couldn't help being fascinated . i want to know exactly what is wrong with those teeth and gums and how their owner allowed them to get into that state . tangent : my ex ( probably an infj ) was into all these 100 days challenge things , where she would write an enormous list and set herself goals . she also kept a little box into which she would stuff ... another vote for the cooking equipment here . no unforseen problems . never give music stuff to a musician unless you can guarantee that none of the notes are backwards . oh , this is an odd one for me . if i'm in a group of women who are adopting stereotypical behaviour i begin to find it very difficult to blend in . i begin to feel extremely non-specific in my gender ... unless it's one of those times when you feel more awake afterwards , for some reason . i had 22 until i realised that three of them were from last week and i'd already read them and moved on . eta : i have a related question to the openers of many tabs - do you begin with none each ... sometimes i feel almost completely devoid of emotions and nothing seems to touch me . or , rather , there's a suggestion or maybe a pretence of emotions under the surface , but underneath them is ... ratatoskr yes , even though it's just a silly joke i have often felt like attempting it ; well , apart from the dreadful stickiness that would follow . ' never put a sock in a toaster ' reminds me of when ... whenever i listen to a bit of wagner opera i can hear why people like his music . in a completely objective way i can understand how the grandeur and richness of the music , and the power of the ... something i've noticed : if i go straight to a source - say , youtube - and search for a particular video , it feels somehow ' cleaner ' , or ' tidier ' than if i search for the subject of the video in ... supposedly informative youtube videos in which the presenter spends the first half thanking their followers , shrieking / singing / waving their hands , and gabbling irrelevant bullshit . whose head is it ? i think there's something you should know ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoBYYElyP4c ( around 0:29 is the correct bit ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGGXVTXFO-4 agreed . when i said i couldn't appreciate him i meant musically ( though i don't like him much as a person , either . ) wagner was composer of the week on radio 3 once , and i made the effort to listen ... ratatoskr perfect comment . ae1905 oh , don't remind me ! we live in scary times . money and musical-misuse aside , i will never be a brunhilde as my voice isn't suited . i don't mind , though . wagner is one of those composers i've ... http://i100.photobucket.com/albums/m6/Boz-pot/Hybrid_zpsv1pvr1qc.jpg but sometimes a kazoo does 610610 tips for sleeping better ? what are those ? i've spent maybe 30 years trying to get a good night's sleep . i suppose the only thing i've tried lately is to stop feeling guilty because i can't sleep ... '