' google the term website proxy . pick a result . deny invitations in peace . i have never read a more verbose source of nothing . double post ? http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/988266-something-deal.html are you looking to mitigate his influence or are you looking to destroy him ? specifically : are you endeavoring to lessen his impact on your life or are you endeavoring to eliminate him as a ... i can sing . i sing in the car when alone . i'm rather good . that said , i have never , and will never , sing in front of another , so my judgement is entirely biased . hell no . never . a few times a month . only to my friends house . and only to play mtg . 27 . this . perhaps in the matrix . this . longest i've gone so far is four months . my streak ended when my new graphics cards arrived . damn deliveryman . i don't pay idiot tax . i have found a worthwhile investment . thank you sir . certainly not . a genius would accomplish things . i just read and can explain things , which is sadly what people consider smart these days . if everyone read as much as i did , i would be considered a ... is just is , don't question why . thoughts on trump : none . don't care . disorder arguably applies to anything out of norm . unable to vote . insufficient definition of query . nope your child is special to you only . to others , it is a leaking noise box . keep it inside . bear in mind that the time between messages likely means far less to her than it does to you . a couple days or a month probably feels about the same . as flamme said , send a very short message along ... i must ask : do you play arma ? rich . easily . money can't buy everything , but it sure can eliminate the fringe worries . natural . and very long . haircuts are pointless . ahh , i see . now skip to the interesting part . hello . nice to meet you . my parents did the same . result was an undisguised hatred and cynical condescension for all things sports . this was back in college so i had ample time to observe without direct interaction ( same couple classes ) . due to the conversation i'd overheard i mistakenly assumed she would have a witty response to ... ↑ this . i don't chase . i've zero interest in the standard relationship games . 99 % of the time , someone has to actually stand in front of me and talk , otherwise i don't know they exist . if i do ... i thought about it once . even made the account and sat in the editor window . i quickly realized i had nothing that passed the usefulness filter and deleted everything . my main interest is simply passing the time . always foremost in my head is the thought of how relevant my life will be to those who live in ten thousand years . considering the overwhelming likelihood ... i don't think i've ever cared about a product or service enough to write a public consumption piece for it . not even video games . to echo what has been said previously : if he has ever told you how he feels , he'll never feel the need to say it again unless something changes ( gifts qualify here ) . other people seem to view ... zero children . hopefully this will never change . for these specific things it refers to their addiction . it doesn't actually reference the taste , though they may think that to themselves . when in doubt , tell him what you want to do in question form . don't set dates and times too far in advance . as stated , be direct . tell him you like this , or don't like that . above all , if you need ... 1 . blood transfusion . save the patient or respect the families religious beliefs and effectively let her die ? i've no interest in being legally culpable for ignoring a patients wishes . the kid dies , ... to paraphrase edison : being gifted is failing until one succeeds , instead of failing until one quits . http://i.imgur.com/HpOi76p.jpg i used to try to change the world by teaching one person at a time . i've since learned people will only understand truth if they want to find it , and if so , they'll find it themselves . the person who ... not that i've noticed . it contains an amount of insoluble fiber roughly equal to any normal diet . to put it bluntly , you don't poop any different . i'd post a black square with no icons here , but what is the point ... hate it . annoying , boring , time consuming . i switched to soylent months ago after hearing about it at perc . best decision i've ever made . i don't care if it was the pope . he's dead , and i'm patenting the drug . i finded a thing . help it may . intp - chapter 6 : how to date ( and interpret ) an intp i don't watch cartoons . you shouldn't either . blahblahnoisyhumanthings . are you even listening to me ? no . no i am not . easily the internet . he's obfuscating his reasons for quitting . to translate in a blunt way , he's unwilling to put in any more effort . he'll also feel guilty if he lets things continue . i've been where he is a couple of ... love you ? no , probably not . find interaction with a female enough of an ego boost to continue expending effort ? yep , probably . i don't interact with humans frequently enough to ever need to pursue this . tried college three times , got hilariously bored . been doing all things it for nearly a decade . college is unnecessary . '