' what do you mean ? what's changed ? i feel a bit out of the loop :/ dear n2freedom thank you so much for sending that quotation through - think i might it this down and put it on my wall where i can see it and be reminded of it every day ! i haven't been on perc ... hope the jackass takes heed and does not bother you again ... although i'm sure he will , he sounds persistent . lol , sooo many guys i've been interested in have referred to themselves as an asshole ... i would say i notice how i'm feeling through how i see the world . if i'm feeling like i'm capable of anything , and the thoughts in my head are just keep going , there's always a way through , then ... dear self , well done . you did a good job today - i can't remember the last time you wrote 2,000 words in 12 hours . not all of them are useable , and there is a lot of rambling , but because of ... yeah i know exactly what you're talking about - i've started to think about it in a different way recently . okay , so i used to think of people as being a real them inside , with all of these ... i find this bit interesting . i have always thought i was able to read people in that way , too . it's often a lot easier to see it in others than it is in yourself ... and therefore i do think that ... my only two experiences of changing my mind about guys have ended up badly . basically , they always liked me , and i spent enough time with them to persuade myself subliminally to try it . one was a ... you're a seeker . committed and focused you're hard-working and have a real passion for expanding your horizons . you have impressive levels of motivation and enthusiasm that inspires others . a ... dear istp , it really does get easier and easier to not be in contact with you , when your latest attempt at reconciliation consists of the following texts : :) < one minute later > heyyy ( ( 0πg ® átµ | _α + íø | | s ! ! ! you're talking as if people come out of the womb in mbti / socionics form . it's a model . a model that is an approximation of reality . that is filtered through perception . ergo , it is not ... yeah ... i think we're mind twins ! you obviously haven't seen this : http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/66400-dear-personality-type-sincerely-personality-type.html one of the funniest venting threads there is . a ... what ? lol could you back this up with some concrete enfp / entp - specific behaviours that do not apply to other types ? i don't really see how si is relevant to the situation / behaviour , personally ... don't know about that ... i'm one of the most overly-analytical people i know ( about a billion people have told me i think too much ) . i would classify myself as an ambivert . but slightly leaning ... you got that right ! ! was it an email ? it's really great to see you are completely on top of the situation . p . s . pm is currently brewing in my head :) i think that in reality , it's never just one person doing the controlling ( there are many forms - bribery , deceit , emotional manipulation , silent treatment , etc . ) and the person who's doing the ... but duck , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KE5GGMhmo-M maybe . but i do recognise these thought processes as similar to mine when i was at the height of craziness in my istp involvement ... obsession quickly leads to desperation ( i . e . what on earth can i ... this is interesting . i thought the same about myself and the istp i got involved with . although there were moments of intensity in a good sense , we definitely unearthed each other's dark sides , ... chimeric thank you very much for your kind words :o) i very much appreciate your contributions on here too - honesty and integrity are two things that you have which i value greatly . yes , i ... let's go dear ... estj ? anyway it doesn't matter about what type you are . please stop imposing on my right to live a free life . i understand i'm a new housemate , so i have to learn how to do things in ... couldn't agree with you more . my city has a cycle scheme and i love cycling back from friends ' houses late night / early morning . there's something very liberating about cycling ... and a good ... exactly the same - it goes in waves . i need to be alone , then i need to be around people , but never either one for too long . it's ambiversion to the extreme . maybe one of the more balanced aspects ... thank you for your responses ... lots of interesting perspectives . i asked one of my friends yesterday over the phone what his view on affectionate mockery was and he had another novel idea . he ...  . is.a.game wow ... your story just popped up on my phone . you've been through a lot - and you're very brave for starting on the way to facing up to it . i have no words ... but i know you'll be ... i did want to discuss ... the nature of affectionate mocking , and when you gave your opinion and i questioned my friend's behaviour , and her purported motives etc . , you basically told me to tell her ... i wasn't suggesting you were . i spoke to her before i posted this - i explained my perspective and we're past it . i am aware of my own reactions and that i am accountable for them ... thanks ... read the first , i agree - excellent book and still so much to absorb from it . will look into the second one . thank you . this isn't just about me ... lol . it's a principle . i feel my friend's behaviour today was counter-constructive . it is also a habit that i have noticed she has . it hurt me because i recognised on ... good for you . i have problems with this . what i have experienced is that either i don't get it when someone's putting me down ( or just ignore it ) and then i notice through a build up of behaviour ... thank you for your responses :o) yes , i see this , however it's often difficult to tell where the line is with someone - i can generally laugh at myself and my quirks , but if it's a problematic ... okay guys , will try and summarise this as quick as possible . you know when you're buddies with someone , or you're related to someone , or you are hot for someone ... and you kind of flirt / play with ... urrgghh haha yeah bloody hell it's such a struggle sometimes ! ! when feelings become overwhelming even for the enfp , then a period of cold rational distance actually helps with perspective . but the ... thank you n2f ! :) those are some good pointers . one that is a severe indicator i'm falling into all those traps is when you don't feel comfortable just being yourself anymore . i'd be ... thanks doc . yeah i know . i only learn through experience though ! and i think i want to find someone who i can trust , be let down rarely by , and still trust . i think it's possible , but rare . ... i completely agree with this . i have accepted it's true about me ... but i'm not sure what to do about it . i'm constantly working on my self-awareness , logic , patience , compassion etc . , and i keep ... this happens to me whenever i'm going through a depressed / stressful period . as long as i can find out why the thoughts are happening ( which is usually quite simply related to the ... n2freedom phew . well good for you for figuring it out . i don't know about you , but i find it difficult to write someone off unless i've got a proper rationale for doing so , and it sounds to me ... ahem . sorry but mike patton is mine . you can have the other four though . dear physiology textbook , is it not enough that you bombard me with excessive amounts of ridiculously superfluous terminology that i will likely never use after i've passed the exam that ... lol funny ... fyi i never attributed the exact words to him being an istp . i exemplified a communication problem between an istp and an nf ( a typical situation that occurs , according to the the ... congrats ! and wow , i was listening to this the other day and and it's such a classic ! ! haha http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1gxJ7mj2uY well yeah ... that's not the issue . my point is , how did we arrive at such different conclusions about what was going to happen , when the conversation seemed ( from my pov ) to be crystal clear ? true . however , there are some things that seem so obvious when you say / hear them , it almost seems to be pedantic to question them . example : me : so we could either go here and do a , or go here ... i think this is an excellent idea for istps / nfs who have trouble communicating . when i was around istp , in direct conversation it was often like we were speaking completely different languages . ... wow that was quick ! ! congratulations ! :) '