' living in the 3rd world , very radical political opinions tend to be implemented by some pretty radical people . and these have pretty real consequences ... like not being able to provide enough ... the beholders eyes ... we use logic to screw with facts ... from reading your post , two things are clear you are probably in early college ? or late school you are an introvert , and up to now just being nice in every situation gets you out of stressful , ... i think you are confusing mbti perceptions vs entp's in real life . the entp's i know would never be called clowns . they enjoy joking around and not looking that serious but in reality they are highly ... this seems dead on to me ! this is pretty much what i earned on my last venture it took me about 8 hours of work each month ... i had the rest of the time to do whatever i pleased . just a few thoughts - i think a downside of overconfidence and an ability to hack anything is that you ultimately end up with a proficency for hacking and not much else - the most valuable skill ... in my opinion , i can't see it would be then again , i end up in trouble all the time , so perhaps my opinion is not the best to follow . i guess it relates to your intention , are you looking to ... if you are interested in an opinion . he was looking for the same thing you were just now ... amusement . perhaps just not in the most effective way the best flirt i have ever seen came from a very cute infj . it was her birthday . one of her presents was a box of chocolates . each chocolate had a label of either ' mine ' or ' yours ' . it was a ... i'm totally unqualified in this field , but if you consider hebb's law as a starting point for intelligence ( or at least memory ) and the fact that you have over 150,000 kilometres of nerve fibers in ... my best advice would be to treat everyone as unique rather than in an mbti box but ... saying that , my best friend growing up was an istp ... so here goes here is the best part ... some of the best ... hahaha ... i hate yes but answers ... i do however understand what you are getting at . is it people just naturally polarising their views of other types or the actual test that calls you robotic and ... mmm , who says the vast majority of the world is aiming at accuracy ? accuracy is an intj thing , nt's make up a small fraction of the population , intj's a smaller one . i would say the vast majority ... i think its actually meant as a term of endearment funny enough , not an insult . id agree with you about intj's having lots of emotion , the ones i know are warm and caring , they just don't ... ive never dated another entp but i would be intrigued . it can work ... just make sure you hire a project manager to do the all the admin and a pr expert to spin the ... ahem ... incidents . : tongue : the more time i spend with entp's the more i notice the differences ... the more time i spend with other types , the more i notice entp similarities ... dated one intp and i was besotted with her , i'm not sure how much of it was the novelty of meeting someone so different yet completely similar . i agree with the kitten puppy thing , i had her in ... hahaha , yep , i do the frantic grabbing thing too i think the prep referred to getting your mind ready for being in a social setting or taxing situation . i've heard of introverts who prep to make a ... i dont think its unusual , all of my intp friends spend time to prep or decompress . this might be something introverts do that entp's don't ... well , i don't . despite being happy to spend lots of time alone , i never really need to mentally prepare for any interaction , unless they ... so what you are basically saying is we are full of hot air ... : tongue : nope , i'm the same with everyone . ok , i had a little think about this i think authenticity is made up of three things : boundaries , intentions and actions . when these three things aren't ... hahahha pics of a psychic connection ? you're into ghost hunting aren't you ? ok , i'm not sure i agree with the ' frantically insecure ' bit ... i don't feel insecure , but i do have a friend who celebrates everytime she manages to get me flustered . i asked her why and she told ... hahaha , why is it that no one is ever just dating an entp , we always sort of , kinda , maybe dating people . we are such commitment phobes ... although i'm not kinda dating any infj's , i've got a lot ... i think you need to separate the flexibility of your actions from the authenticity of your actions . my moral code is up for debate , but until someone or something convincingly challenges it , i ... entj http://i67.tinypic.com/2z9ip9g.jpg infj http://i63.tinypic.com/2j2t01i.jpg intj i dont think its fate or luck . i remember reading a book by richard koch on chance meetings . essentially , he called big things we work for red ticket items ( like getting a degree ) and chance ... hahaha ... i actually came here to try figure out a relationship problem , i didn't expect to stick around so the pic was just the first one i found on my hard drive ... i've watched entp's change their personality to suite the audience often , but its still them . i've watched a wife of an entp call her husband fake because she didn't recognise how he was behaving in ... it's the boiled frog rebellion ... we aren't aware of it happening , we are just gradually being acclimatised to the revolution ... hahaha , the reason i asked is because i've seen a few ... i want to see what an intp rebellion looks like ... i once played a trick on some colleagues when i worked at lloyds tsb in london . it resulted in one trying to resign , another formatting his pc and a third buying a plane ticket home to south africa ... i'm intrigued as to why it affected you so profoundly ? is it shock because of its violence ? is it because paris is part of the first world so it's a little closer to home ? or just the volume of ... i have a few guns but in my experience they tend to escalate situations very quickly so they stay locked up in a safe . a few people do carry guns but the vast majority don't . its actually got very ... haha , i am serious at least once a week ... as far as being safe , i grew up here so its just something that's always been like this . you live with it and keep yourself safe . there are many places ... that's pretty bad but unfortunately not i think its a good thing to know . i met an intp who didn't know . she had spent a lot of money with therapists trying to figure out why she didn't fit in , as well as punishing herself for not being ... i live in a country with a significant amount of murder and violence ... we get the same number of violent deaths as the paris attacks every two days or so . it's interesting how the world can ... hahaha , i spend all day trying desperately to simplify conversations so that everybody understands , by the time i get home i'm desperate for some sort of intelligence : tongue : i have quite a few nt and nf women i spend time with just because i love their conversation , not because i want to date them . quite often they fall into some middle ground where i'm not entirely ... timing is everything ... 430386 now you are screwed ... hahaha , just smile , nod your head and say ' i understand ... : tongue : i think being a feeler can get in the way of empathy ... especially fi . empathy isn't what you feel , its about understanding another persons feeling . for that you need n , ti and fe . with that ... its because introverts are quieter so they let us talk more ... : tongue : on a more serious note , i can get on with everyone but the language from other nt's and nf's takes less effort to listen to , ... if you are looking for impact from a statement the key element is timing . fast and insightful will create more impact than well thought out . also ne is based on connections , you have to be ... yep , all of them , well any with responsibility . every business built for profit is run by numbers , whether you like or not you have to understand that . i often hear managers complaining that they ... that's quite insightful ... i think a lot of us would be insecure that all of a sudden the hacks that made us successful get exposed for what they are , with someone shouting .. hey , look at this guy ! ... '