loool . i was only in richmond for 2 weeks in dec 2015 so i can't speak for that but 1 out of every 3 filipino males i know is esfj , including the one at my office here in singapore . how do i deal with this ? i'm competent and intelligent , but my boss doesn't seem to believe in me , doesn't respect or care for me . that's fine--to each their own--but i'm going to be working at this ... hey sorry for the late replies--didn't mean to ignore , i've been on a business trip ! heyhey , thanks for your perspective ! :) you're right , i shouldn't pretend to be optimistic when i'm ... ahaha first off i'm genuinely sorry for bringing chaos and confusion to the enfj forum ! being the self-absorbed person that i am i just had to have another relationship thread all to myself .  ... long post to follow . my boyfriend is an enfj ( 27 ) , and i'm an infp ( 24 ) . we met while doing our masters last year , and have been inseparable ( i . e . 24/7 ) for close to a year . we're the love of ... nooo ! seeker you are so lovely and intelligent and i always look forward to reading your posts . if you haven't noticed i even stalk you from time to time because i want to know what you're up ... with the exception of keeping organized , not only do i do all those things but i actually do them better than my enfj significant other lol infp here . my boyfriend is enfj , and the past six months have been completely transformative for the both of us . i've dated other xnfjs in the past , but they didn't work at all like this relationship ... eh it depends . i'm an all-or-nothing person . i was quite flaky when i casually dated a couple of guys because subconsciously i knew that they weren't quite right for me : too alpha , too conventional , ... love it ! clumsy yet intelligent is me too :o) and you might be the first infp i know that likes rap ! i really love that your guiding emotion is hope , because i think it's a core component of fi-ne . just like you say , its absence or presence determines whether there's a vacuum or wellspring in our ... in pixar's ' inside out , ' the boss of riley's emotional headquarters is joy ( her parents ' emotions seem a lot more mature / stable and share the power a little more evenly ) . who is the ' boss ' in your ... in pixar's ' inside out , ' the boss of riley's emotional headquarters is joy ( her parents ' emotions seem a lot more mature / stable and share the power a little more evenly ) . who is the ' boss ' in your ... just finished my masters ! don't know if i'll make it through a phd , though there's nothing i want to do more than to remain a student . thanks for the solidarity guys ! yeah , it sucks . it especially hurts because when we let people in , we really , really let them in and give them access to the most sacred bits of ourselves--we've ... fellow infps . do you find yourself losing friends a lot ? i have a history of people wanting to get really close to me , but then backing off when they detect signs of disinterest . worst of all--i have ... sorry i'm not an enfj , but i'm at a similar place in my life and i just wanted to solidarity fist-bump you . being somewhat more future-oriented than past-oriented , i find that i get a lot of anxiety ... this isn't a special snowflake post , nor is it an attempt to start an infp circlejerk . ain't nothing inherently better about being an infp , and i also don't think we're more misunderstood than ... hey fellow infp ! obviously i'm not an enfj but since my current partner is one , i thought i'd give a few cents based on what he's told me . your profile is interesting and i've no doubt that there ... i used to think there was something wrong with me because i felt ' horny ' all the time , haha . turns out it was more a case of needing to have a target for focusing my introverted feeling on . at the ... i have a far greater capacity for loving less-than-perfect situations than i thought i had . i am brave enough to put my heart on the line . i see darkness all around me , but even if i wouldn't have ... bill and hillary clinton ? ai.tran . 75 and papillons you guys are right that if she's so willing to drop an 11 - year friendship she's not worth fighting for . and no , i won't be contacting her again after she bitch-slapped me--i ... my enfp best friend of eleven years verbally bitch-slapped me and door-slammed me a few months ago , and i wish i no longer cared but unfortunately , i still do . we don't live on the same continent , so ... what do you guys dream about while asleep ? notice any themes , patterns ? do your dreams tend to be realistic or fantastic , or both ? also , how would you explain dreams ? unconscious vehicles for ... i don't think it'd take anything more than a direct and sincere exchange about trust . he clearly has nothing to worry about . [ / quote ] ha , y'all are so consistent with your advice : just be ... uh , they're friends ? is there something you're implyyyinggg ? [ / quote ] haha , well . i think it's backward looking to suggest that guys and girls can't be friends . he should be able to be friends ... if you're in a committed relationship where you see your partner as ' the one , ' what are some reasons that would make you go out of your way to go hang out with other girls alone ? or maybe he literally was really irritated because of some other issue ... i mean ... i've snapped at people before ... as long as it isn't a pattern , is it really something to obsess about ? has this ... wow , you're beautiful . aside from really nice eyes , i've noticed that all the enfjs i've met have very compelling noses . yeah , it does ! i agree with you completely about people not being able to find total fulfillment in any one relationship , and about needing a network of relationships to fuel their self-growth . i ... not exactly sure . that's what i was hoping to find out through your answers . :) i don't know if there's an absolute definition for it , but i suppose i would say something along the lines of desiring ... oh please interview eggsies ! it would be so cool to meet a devoted member of personalitycafe . i'll admit i'm especially curious because eggsies mentioned being chinese , and i too am ethnically ... do you consider yourself emotionally promiscuous ? fe is cool and all , but it's the auxiliary ni that makes enfjs irresistibly attractive . not to be presumptuous coz i'm not enfj , but i think it's quite easy to exaggerate their ' niceness ' and ... alright , thanks for the advice and solidarity . yes , i think i do tend to allow myself to be victimized--i will watch out for that . he hasn't blown up on me since the incident i wrote about , but if it ... hehe , i don't think it's a bad thing either ! i'm learning that using fe can be quite fun--being with my enfj and watching him deal with people has taught me to have better rapport ( and better ... i wonder if an fe / fi couple might not start to resemble each other ? are fe and if necessarily two ships passing each other in the night ? as an fi-user , being with an fe-user has helped me to ... extremely true . i am absolutely fascinated by ni--the elegance which which it drills down to the essential . this is why ni-users strike me as much more intellectually rigorous than ne-users , who are ... hey , thanks for all the thoughtful responses ! seeker thank you for sharing your vulnerabilities regarding love . i've lurked here quite a bit and i have to admit that for some reason i find myself ... well i know that this enfj had a rather troubled childhood , the details of which i won't divulge out of respect for him . the short version of it is that he has experienced a shortage of love ... anyway , i know i can be quite annoying sometimes--absent-minded and a little slow to react . i think enfjs prize efficiency , and also seem to expect more of those they love . so i really need to ... there literally isn't . which is why it's all the more baffling . he's still apologising a day later , so it must legitimately be an anger management issue ? yesterday my enfj lost his temper with me while we were out and about and raised his voice at me . it was because i was fumbling with something while on public transport , and he gets impatient when ... the hardest part about being infp is that fi is fucking insatiable . one thing i've come to conclude about my enfj boyfriend is that he does not relive emotions the way i do . that is , he isn't able to return to the embodied experience of a specific feeling . sometimes ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSQgCy_iIcc hello ! i'm a female infp ( 4w5 ) who is currently with a male enfj ( who i suspect is 6w7 or 7w6 ) . we seem to be inseparable . it's a passionate yet mature relationship where we both feel like we are ... thanks for this . my enfj significant other has a rather pronounced public / private split and sometimes it confuses me . i don't know which one is the ' real ' him , or if there is indeed a ' real ' him ... thanks for your responses ! :) it's interesting that you are both so open to the idea of it . the objective side of me really like that enfjs are not automatically enslaved to ...