' sounds like james bond . i'd say the istp fits the bill for that but intp or an fi type can definitely come across in a similar manner . it probably isn't a good idea for anyone to try to be any type . it is also important to note that children tend to have perceiver qualities to them and don't look like judgers . as we grow older we ... i get stressed sometimes just like every other human does . sometimes i cry and sometimes i don't . when it happens , i just tell myself everything will be okay and i make myself go do fun things , ... nice avatar . anyways a piece of advice from me is to give 100 % of your energy on your positive side . learn from your mistakes and then forget them . don't dwell on the past , it's a trap . also , ... very much so except around a couple very close friends who i can trust . even around them , i still keep a lot of thing hidden . it is very annoying when people butt into my life and try to find out ... i am more of a day person but i do frequently stay up late . where i live , the weather can be perfect late at night and i may get the urge to go out to get some warm tea or skate down some hills ... i am actually trying to figure that out . usually i just think of one long extended example of how a situation can develop , not really multiple possibilities but sometimes it is that case . can you ... hi all you infps ! i have never done a post quite like this on these forums . they have usually been just short questions about the functions but i am going to force myself to be completely honest , ... is it possible to have both of those things ? absolutely . that feeling of flying , wind in my hair , spectacular views , the feeling i get in my stomach . a paper due tomorrow ? you started a day earlier than i would have . http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/98409-extraverted-sensation-function-se-misconceptions.html this link may help you differentiate the two . i believe the two are incredibly similar ... i remember you used to identify as an isfp . what were the factors that made you confirm that you are an infp ? certain objects remind you of other things which is an indicator of si-ne . nfps just so happen to be a bit goofy . you stated that you used to zone out , which is very ne . an se dominant would be ... contrary to the stereotype , i don't consider myself artistic . sure i can pick up on how to play instruments pretty quickly but i do that with most hands on things . people like to refer to me as an ... it seems like almost every isfp here would choose the second one but i would no doubt choose the first . it's not about success or money . let's say your goal in life has nothing to do with money or ... hi bula ! computer science may not seem like the best fit for an isfp , but any personality type can do whatever they want . i say go with what you feel is right but also practical at the same time ... i have read that infps have been known to be guilty of stating incorrect facts out of emotion . is this really true or is this just immaturity ? as a likely isfp , i have been guilty of this before on ... next time i feel embarrassed of my singing , i will look at my poster of bob dylan in my room . by the way , digging your profile pic . just saying . well that was very warming and optimistic advice . but how do i tell a charlatan apart from the real thing ? i do plan on getting voice lessons . oh i despise being the center of attention as well . but yes i really want to sing and so far it feels absolutely awesome . thanks everyone . i actually have started singing and although i'm not very good at the moment , i'm pretty sure i have potential and i see myself getting better . i found a good spot to sing along one ... hi ! isfp here , at least i am pretty sure i am . i also consider myself new here too and i can tell you that a lot of people here are very nice and are willing to provide tons of information . hope you ... to be honest , i'm pretty bad with criticism and i take it personally . i know it's wrong to do this but sometimes i can't help it . usually nobody can tell that i get hurt from criticism because i keep ... i personally prefer tea but i do drink coffee at times . i drink both coffee and tea straight most of the time and i usually prepare it myself rather than go to a shop to get it . that test typed me as isfp . extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 33.5 ) good use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 28.4 ) it really does seem like that but tests usually say infp . the questions they ask are a bit vague and i never really know which answer to put . when a test asks something like do you like details or ... environmental science . i am waiting for general ed to be over with so i can get to the fun stuff 0 ) is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... i am more comfortable in a higher than normal voice , which is still pretty low compared to most . i plan on getting some one on one training when i get back to school . my range is pretty minimal but ... well i really did it this time . today i forgot my sos anniversary present . i had it prepared and ready to go for the morning and i completely forgot about it . i must have been so excited to spend the ... hello everyone ! i'm posting this as a tentative isfp because i am not completely sure yet . maybe someone can point something out to tell me if i may be otherwise . hopefully this belongs in the right ... wow i never thought my description could be organized like that but it does make sense . i get what you mean by ni making connections now . it does make sense that i am an isfp but what swayed me away ... it seems i do have a good sense of detail but , if you don't mind , can you expand on the exact connections that i draw from ni . ni confuses me quite a bit . i watched those videos from dr . juice and i have seen similar ones elsewhere like from davesuperpowers . i get what they are saying in the videos but i cannot place my finger on what is more dominant ... that flower looks really lovely . i like the lavender-ish purple that goes into the orange in the center . it reminds me of one of my guitars that also has a color change like that . the water drops on ... well to be honest , i admit i am confused between ni and ne . i suppose ne is all about possibilities and explosion of ideas with no real long term system thing going on . i notice that i have a hard ... hmm there is a lot that i identify with in the isfp description . i also identify well with the infp description . i am pretty sure that my dominant function is fi . now what i am confused with is my ... hi everyone ! i will try to keep this as short as possible , though that seems to be hard for me . i have taken several personality tests but i really do not trust the results as they have been slightly ... hello everyone ! i have seen quite a few posts on these forums but i never contributed myself . i accidentally stumbled upon the mbti about a month ago and instantly became very interested . lately , i ... '