' i'm going to see a doc to get a subscription for dealing with it next week . 26/8 2 : cooperation 6 : vision 8: influence tl ;d r be awesome , get rich it seems like i'll be writing in vermin supreme and my current favorite anime character again . god bless the men and women who died for my right to do this . it ends like this the river got so quiet : it burbled less and less , til it slept . and like it , the trees found silence best . the wind settled on grasses what didn't wave much anymore . a ... finnish . i started studying it a week ago . kolme kuukausi , tiedän kaikki , puhun hyvin , vai minä tapan itse . i don't get meditation at all . everyone dies , too . why don't we talk about death ? let's talk about death . dying is just another activity . we're oversaturated in it ( check out the death toll in the movies , there's entire genres of ... it's just basic assimilation , i guess . people are likely to begin to combine sounds which are pronounced in the same part of the mouth ( like t and n , the tongue against the upper teeth , or ... 15 most of that score is likely due to my ( undiagnosed ) social phobia or agoraphobia . alright , you got me on body posture . https://a2ua.com/thinking/thinking-007.jpg there's just no way to convey that with tech , i'll concede that . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ and there's no way to convey a fucking ... yes , absolutely , if you can make it work . i like how bottles look ; i've always wanted to set up an assortment of them somewhere . why not ? outside of youtube comments , which are conveniently directly below / after the product , i've never written a review of anything . draining , nervous , affairs of chance and situation . :/ have you heard the news ? inspired by the woman inherits the earth . line from jurassic park , and the most depressing thing that has ever hit the blogosphere . : crying : have you heard the news , ... on being born without common sense i used to think that it was the thoughts that count and then i learned that it doesn't matter what i think but what i say because thinking is nothing ... i've always understood girl code to be ways of communicating and helping among females , not some social ranking scheme . like if you want to leave a situation for any reason , but don't want to be ... everything is what it is and isn't what it's not she counts to ten and down again and then her breathing stops , finale in peace and quiet repose in blind respite i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm ... i can't , even , like , right now . she says , and they recoil in horror . in a single utterance she has razed their culture , and brought terror . their world is laid low now , not by murder , rape , or ... why is it that * i can't believe there's still no edit function . o ! rock , on the yard , firm of mind , stout of heart , impassable , immutable , not ( without strain ) removable , without a doubt , and neither care , https://media4.giphy.com/media/RmI2cfxlNNV6/200_s.gif she rolls a cup in her hands on the little kitchen table , passing left to right and right to left , glass bottom dancing in a single ring between her fingers , almost like making pottery . the rain ... i kill them because they are the bad guys ? more likely , i would just gtfo . set them free ? excuse me , what ? from who ? who are these people who have taken my captors captive ? way too much would ... engligh as a sekonk lanquaque violet violent violence violins , vile inns via lens vie ole ends . vial lends . bile ents buy awl ants by all lance-pile lands ! pie ' o ' limbs ? ( bio limp . ) spy ... - absolutely mandatory sweater . - shirt . i really love tees with dumb prints - i have way too many shirts . - skirt or shorts with sheer tights or thermal leggings , sometimes a colored jean . - 99 % ... i wish i was able to stand socializing better , while also doing less of it . : rolleyes : who would rather stay awake counting hours as they creep staying up to stay asleep wasting hours meant to keep the body in a better state misandry balance in all things , he says as he tips the scales in his favor . a man is built of winnings , and women are the ones he savors . you see , a lady is like a gentle light and a man ... you did see that i said that i don't follow any of the bolded text , right ? : rolleyes : my thoughts on gender stereotypes are : 1 . down with them . 2 . if i had a nickel for every time a guy said some variant on yeah , but it's this way because that's the way it is . ( also , i like it this ... quantum romance he was near . disappear . turn my leer away . glance a bit sneaky quick . love slips it's not a minute past nine , and yet we've fallen far behind . it's always just seconds of time before we lose our way of mind . if i could have said then what i can't say to you now , if we could ... dear elise , sweet belize , where can you be ? waiting on the street at three for me ? i hold up an eye , cast about for you . standing up , stood up , what am i to do but sit down ? my elise , in ... i enjoyed the way a certain character said the word ' valiums ' in the british version of death at a funeral . surprise , i've never done anything harder than aspirin . that was great . saying that you need to be able to be sad to be happy , that one must be able to feel melancholy to enjoy joy , or that one must have been angry to know calm , makes about as much sense to me now as ... edit : you know what , scratch my reply . i just saw your other thread . where you are now , anything i might say is just noise and bitching . good luck getting out of your funk . sorry life isn't going ... can you link me to these tweets because i'm having a hard time seeing them . it must be my mixed http://puu.sh/7L9Th.png black http://puu.sh/7L9JW.png http://puu.sh/7L9Lh.png feminist ... this makes me think of someone who has only ever walked , and is now terrified for all these children who are suddenly running and skipping and jumping . how will they ever walk if all they do is run ... just a few hours ago someone told me good morning . how are you ? to which i responded to by - thinking about the incredibly slow tone she said that in . i know i have a reputation for being shy , ... i have a very hard time unconvincing myself of the idea that if i don't want to do something it's because i actually don't have to do it . as if the simple fact that i don't want to do it . is ... i am uncomfortable around everyone ; i am slightly more uncomfortable around the disabled , because i figure they think i'm uncomfortable with them because they are disabled . i think i'll try it . maybe i only need 2breaths air / month i am generally annoyed , and act pretty passive-aggressively as a result . i have never been mad enough to explode . this is of course for things other than myself . i have been mad enough at ... a lot of zzz a man shrugging a + blah blah blah various people have accused my of being distracted or too deep into some thought . ( of going both too fast and too slow , somehow . i just wasn't focused on whatever they figured i should be focused ... aah tsfsjgfstheus i've always hated my sneeze . it's an industrial sort of sneeze . it doesn't dress itself down . it doesn't consider sensitivities . i chameleon , of course . if they say hi . , i do too . i don't like doing it , but it takes a split second . i can't really stress myself out anymore over a second or two of what amounts to nothing ... '