' you do know how to catch someone , not sure if i want to know your tools , lol : tongue : how i am , that is complicated question to answer . it's somewhere between fine , and i don't have a clue who i ... enneagram is more focussed on fixations , like type 1 ' s want to be perfect . spiral dynamics and clara graves work focusses more on the type of communication capability / bandwith / style / perspective lies ... ikusagami when you are sick , doesn't your nature temporarily change ? eefje : when balanced , you can still ask the question of the orientation of the f and t attitude , and the archetypical role it fulfills . the work of john beebe can be helpful in this respect . ... why the obsession with sex ? vhaydenlv i get what you're saying , although for ( b ) , i wouldn't be surprised if an enfj experiences because i intuitively know that my actions are having a negative impact on the other person so ... i hope this doesn't disappoint you , but i'm not in a relationship with an enfj : tongue : i created this thread when my eyes were opened to a different way of looking at life and people . being the ... deionara if i may be so bold , did your relationship end recently ? a story of relationship advice seems woven into your writing , and i'm just being a curious : kitteh : can you give an example of losing it ? ( fyi i don't consider the current world sane , just curious about what's in your head ) but what's the point of adding more fuel to the fire ? * tickles ukulele and asity * as many people have already stated , the thread icons are a total downgrade , and the my activity thing also borders on the suspicious for sure . haven't found a button to turn it off . and the privacy ... in that case i can only advice you to cut your losses , probably much sooner than you have so far . people who stop communicating for months at a time are not worth it imo but if it matters this much to you , why not create the reason to talk about it ? have you talked about it explicitly with the friend / family member ? i'm doing both well and not so well at the same time . in the typical sense i'm fine , but recently i had to sort let go of my type 1 perfectionistic drive . which has left a void that is being ... what , for you , is the difference between the healthy and unhealthy ones ? msbossypants the coffee argument is a good one , i'll try to remember that one , lol i'm not an expert , but i expect that having ssl is usually as far as it goes when it comes to encryption . and storing passwords in hashed form with a salt , in case your database ever leaks . there are ... i'm afraid you're human * have another hug * the impossible girl * dispatches a hug bot * voi-m visionary 75 % observant 56 % introverted 66 % identity : motivating not sure what to think of the result , the profile https://mindtrackers.com/personality-types/voim-mediator-personality ... aren't infj's people who connect and unite groups of people ? understand what make people tick , and position themselves in a group of people , and then weave it together , like a sort of connecting pin ... aren't enfp's supposed to frequently engage their fi , to confirm their lives are lived according the values they hold ? like healthy engaging , understanding who they are , etc ikusagami your change in behavior when sad could also be related to underdeveloped inferior function , or some other side effect of overfixation on for example te . ever looked into this ? ... mytinyheart i have to agree with the boss lady , it's freaky when any group of people or instution , seeks to disempower other people . it's a big red flag as far as i'm concerned . have you asked ... plum obviously the high risk logins get more special treatment , than random forum logins . that doesn't make me care any less , anytime you handle anything that is not publicly visible , ... a hash would hide the plaintext password , assuming it was salted properly , but could still be used by someone else to login . also putting the salt of whatever is used to store passwords in the ... have you ever experienced te as a hollow shell ? doing things without reason , meaning or purpose ? going through the motions , but dead on the inside . there is probably work involved to enable it , but with the advent of letsencrypt , my impression is that the montly / yearly cost thing is a non-issue . and https can be combined with http 2 , which even ... i recently noticed this forum sends logins over plaintext , which for obvious reasons is not desired . is there a reason this forum does not use https / tls encryption ? does this thread have a flat power structure ? or are there people here who dominate over the rest of the entjs ? they put the te-hammer on you ? or overdosed you on ideas ? have you ever been through such a moment ? if so , was it a short or a long experience ? what made you come out of it ? people contact , a bit like se can do people , but also nature connection . so this means you don't see an alternative ? it's hard for me to give a universal answer about ni , but i can try to describe my own situation . much of the information gathering is through se and just happens without any conscious . novel ... what happens to an ne-dom when they are alone for very long ? or in an environment that is without motion ? if se has the ability to connect to nature as an alternative to people , what is the ... for all those lovely people that have actually useful information , could you also provide a bit of info on what the esfps in question are like ? i used to believe that esfp's were hedonistic party ... maybe : tongue : if you are unhappy , then that is sort of your subjective truth , and it's ok to say out loud as far as i'm concerned . the question is , what is keeping you from slowing down and giving yourself the ... falling foxes at the risk of overstepping my boundaries here . life will always throw something at you , making mistakes is ok , the question is what will you do with that experience ? what positive ... oh , you also didn't see the ending coming , lol by the sound of it he is still in the close minded phase , i don't know how well you know him , but maybe watch something together that you know to ... what context / situation did you have in mind when asking this question ? sangoire : originally i was responding to a typo you seem to have corrected already : happy : anyways , we all have our lessons to learn and experiences to experience . i like to believe that the ... assuming your information is correct , she does smell like trouble . i'd be careful of this turning into a wedge between you and your partner . plenty of communication between you and partner . get to a ... most people that are ~ 20 years old haven't had the chance to properly mature ( imo ) , in the case of the intj , this can be especially terrible , lol from what i remember maturity is a pre-condition ... what do you mean by so lost , even urban dictionary wasn't able to help me , lol i never got into anime long term either , since watching it takes quite a bit of time , and i'm not into passive ... mick travis i haven't watched in quite some time , so i don't even know if i could bear to watch it these days . i can understand why it doesn't appeal . it does lack some nuance sometimes indeed , maybe consider ergo proxy , i remember it as unusual for anime . '