' fight the good fight my brothers and sisters , but the zombie apocalypse has always been a thing . weeel , not zombies exactly - brainless morons . waaay too many to swing a stick at . the shotguns ... ok . this is about the original post question . i'm an intp dating a intj girl . 5 months in and it's all great . but there are a lot of pit-falls . caveat : the relationship is long-distance , but we ... aaargh ! ! ! the world is full of idiots ! i just needed to say that ... my instinct is that he is an nf probably an introvert with low f ( i don't ascribe to the mbti's binary system , you can be hig or low on these things , it's truer to life , it also allows us to use big ... sounds like typical intj behaviour ... they are very tough to crack ... new threads obviously don't always take off , but the info on this topic is scant . i have some , maybe you do too , maybe someone is ' researching ' one of our intj fellow humans , ie crushing for them , or ... you are everything unfeminine ... critical , cold , logical , unemotional , unfeeling on the outside . you have your own brand of being nice , which is counterintuitive to everyone else . actually you are ... maybe ... i think when we do let out emotion it's much more raw than that of feelers . but i think it's not a matter of degree . feelers are less rational in their desicions but use their emotions more ... well ... i'm waxing antipoetic ... :P i guess i'm just saying that the suppressed f is allowed to flow ... and it feels a bit like you need a shower afterwads . but seriously . is there anything normal ... well , the mbti / keirsey gave us a head start ... i artificially extraverted and feelinged myself at first and actively attacked the cold shell on her and myself . took a month to ge to where it takes ... ok ... lets take a few things into consideration and then realise we are reading the mbti wrong . if we measure the f preference in an individual the might score higher than the next . say now that ... oh , silly , you already said it ... a mindmate is to your t function what a soulmate is to your f . put simply , if your fi is your tertiary , your soulmate is someone who syncs up with it , like your ... flirting is too indirect for any nt . i'm kinda surprised that your flirting style is kind of withdrawn as well ... so an isfp begins a philosophical thread on the intp forum ... well , this cannot turn out well . it's not just me ... nts can be a hostile crowd when dealing with a sensor . we feel superior , it's ... i probably forgot to reply with a quote ... someone on the first pages ... the bitching was in no way that of an infp ... it was diagnostically intp . nothing really matters . you've been mistyped ... you're a low t intp . enjoy the rest of your meanigless existance ... : * my experience with enfp's is that they drive me up the wall ... until they don't ... don't let go , just keep attacking the nt fort ... your intp will either break , accept you and stay yours , or lock up ... hm ... n types . the rest just boils down to chemistry and working on the relationship . probably an nf if you don't want to be t'd daily . an nt if you want something more challenging . stereotypes ... the gut . seriously though , whatever it is we are ignorant of it . it's there though ... ok ... basically s chicks probably can't handle us / don't want us . use ti to categorise women into categories ... intjs who enjoy performing . you must mean plain entjs . i met an intp girl the other day . they're a sight to behold when spotted in the wild . and knowing how we operate for a fact has sped it all along . wish me luck , comrades . i have two infp friends . these are the funniest moments of my life ... somehow around them i let go ... an the crazy evil intp wit , confident and razor sharp comes pouring out . politcally incorrect , ... i can't quite remeber where i read it . google mbti correlations with neuroticism . it's also a bit of an abstraction . check out behavioural neurology on google and start getting a feel for it . my ... sweet revenge ... a perfect strategy with failsafes and contingencies , designed to have far reaching consequences in the form of libelling and defaming in the most convincing way . executed perfectly ... ok , here are the biggies : borderline , bipolar , schizoid , schizotypal . add and aspergers not so much . the aspergers may actually be schizotypal misdiagnosed in intps . borderline and bipolar can be ... my best friends are nf's ! i have one intj friend and our conversations go like this - i agree - i agree - i agree - i agree - i'm leaving now - i agree ... it gets dull yes , gilly , we're a bit strange .. actually one of my best friends is an infj ( poor guy is alone in the universe ! ! ) and sometimes i become like that with him . actually my best friends are nfs , and i'm ... random thought : a mind hacked is a mind blown .. i've mind-hacked the enfj's ! ! ! did a 16personalities.com test answering as i'd expect an enfj to answer . got it right first time ! ! ! i might be jack-shit at reading emotions . but i sure can ... you feel silly , not beacause hou've been silly , but because you can't rule out you haven't been ... no crime . it's a crime to have children and treat them like crap cause it wasn't your calling to begin with . maybe you could vape weed ... i hate vaping ... as for the weed ... it'l be a while before it bocomes legal here in greece ... i went to barcelona for a while , and it was everywhere . here you might as ... yeah , cause they're n's . the abstractions are being made in real time , so the coversation seems to move at a quicker pace . the same conversation would take a little longer with an s user . i often ... there is also the kiersyan way . is the person cynical ? yes ? do they live in the here and now ? no ? possibly nt do they respect the rules ? yes ? as they are , or after tinkering ? chances are en nf ... hey , if you could quit smoking then you can quit anything ( its hard for me , but i gotta ) ... here's a thought , maybe you need something to do with your hands ... why not take up smoking ? :p try having a conversation about something abstract ( philosophy , science , religion ) . if they are engaged then that's partially diagnostic . wait for badly thought out abstractions . if an s tries to ... have nail clippers handy for a while and a nail file . cut your nails till there is nothing left to bite . in a couple of months you'll be habit free right now i'm thinking , why am i so useless , why does everyone hate me ( i know they don't , but i cant shake it ) , what makes me so hard to love ? then i think , the wheel , writing ( so pervasive it ... geia mas ! ( final word is yours , mate ) good and evil are states of being . right and wrong are ways of doing things . if something is done right for evil reasons , then it's right but evil . if something is done wrong for good reasons then ... hey , rivers , cheer up ! 7,3 billion homo sapiens on this planet . let someone else sort things out ! aaah ... yes . salud ! i'm a bottle of whiskey down and have no idea what you're talking about . slainte ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZaLi8Z5GaI&list=PLDyCcI2Pa72ImaBvYaSKqpOQdn47BJigA skim through it , i found it today . beautiful ... ( especially the funeral scene ) love 1 ) knowledge 2 ) languages 3 ) nature 4 ) truth 5 ) people hate 1 ) the system 2 ) bad logic hmmm ... i'm pretty happy with my city . in my mind though ... maybe a fictional city on the top of a mountain ... i have a mental image of it . or 11th century constantinople . maybe as a squatter in ... i dunno . copy paste is shoddy . the thing with fiegned characteristics is that they are visible . for it to work you have to change who you are accordingly . that's nigh impossible . but when in a non ... is the intp-enfj chemistry true ? eat out an enfj ... yesss ! i beat suicide ! ! ! '