' i am an intp and love illusionary arts stuff . i definitely do view them as puzzles to be solved , fun ones at that . i have enjoyed lots of movies that deal with this such as the prestige , the ... the tonalities . i like music that has a mix of major and minor with unique chord progressions . also , the quality of the artists and the authenticity in terms of editing and auto-tune usage . i love silence . it is hard to come by in a house with a small child though . i don't mind pda too much . i don't like engaging in it myself too much , but i will if a partner insists . oh cool ! i didn't know those existed , but it makes complete sense . i will check them out . also , some of you guys might like the table top webcast on geek and sundry , felicia day's youtube channel . i have not played any of those . they sound fun ! i do have a table top version of sid meier's civilization . it is pretty fun and i would reccomend it to people who like this type of game . i think intps are good at objectively evaluating things . they readily admit that they are superior to some people in areas or inferior in others . personally , i do see myself as intellectually ... fate / stay night it's a visual novel , not a game . fun though ! a lot of people think i am flirty , apparently . i will just be talking to someone friendly-ly and texting and such , and then they will ask me if i want to be in a relationship . when i say no , they ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBnwXKd2lzI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4ReyoNpyrM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAnQQcIncq0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb61R-xzcUQ hola ! i wasn't aware that bubbly intjs existed . i am an intp and somewhat energetic around other introverted people though , so i guess it's possible . : tongue : welcome and nice to meet you ! hey there ! welcome to the club . you sound decently similar to me . i'm a new member too . the long walks on a beach reminds me of one of my college introductions . everyone said that as a silly ... i have an istp friend who would be considered eccentric and slightly awkward by most people , but he insists on calling himself normal and average . he also insists that he has good social skills but ... my istp friend said that he preferred extroverts for romantic relationships and introverts for platonic relationships . he seems to need an extrovert to bring out more of his emotions and allow him to ... with close friends you can probably tell i / e and t / f pretty easily . i have trouble distinguishing between n / j and s / p though ... i guess you could ask questions for those . be sure to focus on the need ... i think doing this makes complete sense . i mean , initially you must judge people based on something and physical appearance is the first component of an individual that is revealed . also , health is a ... i second the david lynch recommendation . mulholland drive is quite odd , but quite good . if you like anime you would like movies by satoshi kon ... paprika , perfect blue , and millennium actress hermione and voldemort each of my repressed emotions has an outlet ... * anger = shooter games * wanderlust = rpgs * loneliness = anime * hyperactivity = roller coasters * anything else = piano i think intps would like steins ; gate ! well , at least if you are not completely averse to anime . i see it as more intp based while shows like death note and code geass cater especially well to intjs ... i do not like it much at all . it seems to have turned into a hoard of people moping around about teenage relationships and / or trying to shove religious doctrine down the throats of others . there are ... do you guys think it is easier for spiritual or non-spiritual people to commit suicide ? i know that the thought of being wiped entirely from existence is enough to stop me from thinking about ... as far as telling little white lies , i am quite awful at that . most people can tell when i am lying about something insignificant . but i can lie quite convincingly about more important things ... some random artists that i like are kalafina , camille , marina and the diamonds , vanessa carlton , and galileo galilei . the mcat is shifting away from math and more to qualitative sciences and social sciences . calculus shouldn't be too important , you will need it for some of the physics maybe ... however , statistics ... 100 years of solitude . well there may already be a movie , but i would like a large scale , well funded production . an intp with a snow leopard mother . do you guys enjoy being called by traditional terms of endearment ? by family or in a relationship ... my current significant other calls me things like beau , sexy , cutie , and love . using them a ... i tend to care about a few things extremely strongly . like ... psychology , piano , anime , roller coasters , mostly things that people would say didn't matter . i care a bit about physical appearances , ... the odd sleeping patterns definitely affected me in the winter . some days i would stay up until 7:00 am and then sleep until 6:00 pm . others i would take 7 hour naps and sleep for around 4 ... katy : kitteh : - pandora hearts ! i need to watch that . i downloaded it about a week ago , but have been too busy with fate stay / night visual novel . anyway , for recommendations ... try these if you ... hey ! nice to meet you too . i would communicate with you via pm , but apparently i need to get some more posts before i do that ... argh . so what are your favorite anime series ? or do you just like ... i agree . i am a guy and hate to be sat on . it is physically restrictive and not arousing for the most part . i'm just not really sure why anyone would want that when there are plenty of other sitting ... here are some pictures of me . not sure if i look the type or not . i can say that i do hate fabricated picture smiles and everyone who tries to make me look happy in a picture for no reason . i do it ... i am not very good at expressing my desire for them . romantically or friend wise . :( and then i am horrible about critiquing and over-analyzing everyone i closely engage with either in my head or to ... * steins ; gate - it is probably my favorite anime . both emotionally and intellectually provocative . kind of pseudosciencey , but i liked the sci-fi part quite a bit . * fate / zero - it is a show of ... hello ! i am an intp who has lurked around these forums for quite some time . today i finally decided to join in on the action ! i have a somewhat crazy istp friend / roommate , who is my primary ... '