' sorry i have been away so long ! lots been going on . very excited to get back into the discussions again . hope everyone here has been doing well . * hugs and cookies * ... if i had to choose , i would choose intj . i'm sexy and i know it ! :) people always want my cookies o_o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKxx5QC0ewc sorry , i could not resist :) on a strange note , i got called an unconventional ... i'm the kind of gal where once someone turns on a football game , i leave the room . i think getting into team sports means having to be really passionate about , well , a team . since i am a relatively ... in the dc area ... several of us here . or you can try nyc . there are a ton of smart , single women here , and a dearth of men . i am an introvert and i prefer a warmer climate . however , i do not like extreme hot either . pretty much anything between 68 and 78 i find comfortable ... outside of that ... too cold or too hot . i took the survey . enjoyed it . it is so hard to choose top 3 movies though ... i have only been in long-term relationships with an ixtp ( just a guess ) , intj , and infj . out of all of them , i was happiest with the infj . i belong to a meet-up group for people who have inxx ... sorry , gotta bump this one :p . i just started watching this show last week on netflix , finished season 2 . i agree with most of these . mitchell ... classic istj , in the relationship with cameron , ... i was bullied a lot during middle school . i remember in elementary school some kids would try to bully me ( i wore big glasses until 8th grade and was one of the brains ) , but i usually was not ... i actually wrote a blog post about this very issue ... i relate to what a lot of people are saying . i am also not real big on talking on the phone , just to talk on the phone , and when i see people who ... i only really shave in the summer time , or if i am in a serious relationship and / or situation where someone will see my bare legs . if i am single and it is winter time ... i just let it go hahaha i ... i got bat . pretty accurate . the snake , mole , and owl descriptions resonated with me . love this show :D . haha i saw betty as exfj ... she acts a lot like a provider ( esfj ) in her own geeky way , but she is definitly intuitive and idealistic on some aspects , like her writing topics ... definitely a quintessential istj ... my ex did the best impression of him :p . love koth cleo , thanks for posting this . you are not alone in feeling how you do . it is really hard to meet quality men ... i have started easing my way into the dating scene , joined an online dating site ... the ... so true . my brother is esxp ( my mother says we are like the sun and moon ) , and i think only in the past 6 months have i been able to hug him . i miss the little bugger ( even though he is almost a foot ... the misconceptions i dislike the most : intjs don't cry intj's have no soul or no feelings intj's are diabolical masterminds bent on world domination haha , not true . i also have been reading ... my favorite genres are horror , sci-fi , dystopian societies , mysteries , and true crime . i like books that are not afraid to deal with controversial or taboo subject matter , or to explore potential ... i also love this story . i am glad that they identified who came up with it ... i remember i was trying to quote it somewhere but could not remember who the author was . i test intj ( even my functions order seem to match this type ) ... but i really am not a typical intj . i am terrible at math , and i enjoy artistic pursuits , like drawing , music , and writing ... i have been in 2 serious long distance relationships . sadly , they did not work out since neither one of us was willing to move , and there was a lot of uncertainty in our lives . i think that they ... current : house , law and order svu , south park , fringe , the office , stuff on the history channel past : x-files , daria , chapelle's show , stargate ( sg - 1 and atlantis ) this thread makes me laugh ... ok , here goes ... do you enjoy being miserable ? why don't you have a boyfriend ? why don't you wear any make up ? how tall / old are you ? omg your feet are sooo ... i like both . i like to be outside , especially when the weather is nice . i like hiking , the beach , taking walks , etc outside . right now , since it is cold as all hell , i cannot stand to be outside for ... are you aware of how your cognitive functions play out ? the mbti is not the most valid measure for determining personality type , and no one ever really fits one of the 16 profiles completely ... what ? ? ! no cookies ? ? ! ok , i am leaving now ... just kidding . i guess based on your functions and how you tested , i would say intp , intj . 1 ) i can't resist these tell me about yourself lists because i am under the delusion i am a unique snowflake 2 ) i am the human embodiment of daria 3 ) my last 3 boyfriends were intp , intj , and ... i recently resigned from my last job as a legal assistant , which i had worked at for 5 years . i had to put on an isxj hat , which my personality is actually intj . the admin work was annoying and ... i had to do this for shits and giggles . very interesting theory . my type is intj , and the graph more or less fits http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5125/5223990093_6f3f2ab255.jpg my si is ... this reminds me of when i was growing up . i spend a lot of time by myself , but my esxp brother , who is 4 years younger , was always trying to get all up in my business . we also had door wars ... this thread is awesome , love the pics ! ! i am kind of an odd duck in that , despite being female , i have not really planned my dream wedding to the most specific detail ever since i was 10 . i mean ... i ... ( ( hugs ) ) i am sorry that happened to you . i just got my masters and have been applying for jobs in my field , so i know it is so tough just to get an interview , let alone an offer . and i also can ... speaking definitely because the grass is greener on the other side , i would have to say street smarts . as someone who is very bookish and can consume knowledge all day , i always do well at ... i have a tendency to take things very personally . i have gotten better about that as i have gotten older , though i still struggle sometimes because i care too much about what people think of me . i ... for the most part , i can fall asleep really easily because despite being a night owl , my body is still tired and if i am lying down with a blanket and pillow , i will fall asleep . for some reason , i ... ugh , me too ! one of the most annoying sounds ever ... i relate to the op ... i tend to eat very similar . i do like lots of stuff on my sandwiches and burritos . sometimes i do like to save my ... funny , some people i know who use fe are great at managing conflicts . hi mercury , the cover letter is a great start , but you always want to tailor your letter to the job description for each and every job you apply for . specifically address what the ad asks for and ... hahaha , i love lewis black , he reminds me of my dad ( who is an infp ) . but i don't think lewis black is an infp ... but he just reminds me of my dad when he goes on all these tirades about how messed up ... i have seen both movies , and i think the 2nd movie goes into more of their personalities , especially for bridget ( you get a better sense of who they are as they get a little older ) . i always ... dwight is definitely an xstj , but i have always seen him as more of an estj rather than an istj . estjs love to enforce rules and be in charge , where as istjs are not so much drawn to that . dwight ... i have a bad habit of doing stuff like that when i pack ( read my old journals , books , etc ) . i am sorry he is leaving , but you should not blame your personality type . there are a lot of logistical ... welcome to the wonderful world of women ! :p lady k is on point ... probably a very immature / unhealthy person ... or someone going through a really hard time . i think it has less to do with ... omg , i thought i was so alone this problem . i can literally spend hours on the internet if i am not careful . it is hard especially at work because i need to be more focused ... i don't want to get in ... that all intjs never cry that all introverts are antisocial when i was little , i apparently had something called an auditory processing disorder ... like if i was in a crowded room , i would have trouble distinguishing sounds . apd is also on the autism spectrum , ... interesting idea . i wish i could give you more data , but i am very much a beginner programmer . recently , i got a free trial on lynda.com , which offers computing and software tutorials , and i am ... i actually asked my mom to take the mbti on similarminds.com last weekend . i had originally guessed that she was istj ... but i started wondering if she was really that introverted because she does ... i wonder if ... somewhere ... there is an estj forum where someone asks this very same question , and every other response is infp lol . oh wait ... estj are too priggish for something like ... teh interwebz ! ... '