' the gp i saw is ( very fortunately ) based in the melbourne cbd and was actually diagnosed with adhd relatively late in life . he was taking medication for a while but he found mindfulness to be ... if they are the only symptoms , then it's possible you might not be and getting a test would possibly be a waste of money . the best thing to do would be have a read through this book on amazon ( using ... regardless of what treatment ( if any ) may come , by far the best thing you can do ( and i'd say , far more helpful than anything else that's come since ) is getting an official diagnosis . at least then ... well , it's been a little over 6 weeks since i've started medication and around 2 months since i was diagnosed . the most important progress i've made so far isn't that there's medication or that i've ... yikes . where did * that * come from ? the hyperactivity also manifests itself in other ways , and as you grow older you tend to subconsciously cover it . the doctor i saw ( who also has adhd but has been off medication for a while , now ... hey ! just checking in , picked up my first prescription today of dexamphetamine ( aka dexedrine ) and had 10mg at about 3pm today . after the initial ( expected ) euphoric rush , i found myself actually ... i appreciate your post , but i've picked up this paragraph because i was getting fed up with the fact that there are things i love greatly , namely music , that i could not better myself with or even ... if people want me to keep this thread updated with my progress on how things go with the doctor , possible medication / other treatments ( he strongly recommended mindfulness ) and most importantly , my ... hey ! visited a gp today who specialises ( and was actually diagnosed with ) adhd and basically said i was a textbook case for combined ( not just inattentive , as i once thought ) adhd . not necessarily ... well , i've finally booked in for a session with a gp that's also an adhd specialist . after a lot of reading , pondering and soul-searching , it actually feels exhilarating to finally having something ... shit ... re-reading this thread , i really need to do something . the add really doesn't seem to bother me as much , but i still haven't done anything music-wise ( at all ) since i last posted here . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgTtg9FdLAQ i look up at the sky and think of nothing , yet probably get the same profound feelings that you do . funny how that works , eh ? ;) as for what i think i feel when i look at a clear sky ... infinite ... damn straight . it's not because i don't care , it's just ... i dunno :/ this immediately sprang to mind : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZKpByV5764 ( that's if i understood the meaning of the thread correctly ) right on time ! probably exactly the same as the one in high fidelity , but is run by dick ( the bald , quiet , nerdy guy ) rather than rob ( john cusack ) . me , myself , i . i've only read the first page and a bit on this ( it's late and i'm tired ... a lot of socialising ! ) but it looks like an enlightening read . side note / topic : i was out at a club tonight and saw ... it's autumn where i am at the moment , so more than anything else i love shuffling my feet through the dry leaves . i'm pretty sure i get weird looks but tbh , don't really care :) ps . i * adore * your ... an embrace . to elaborate , not a hello hug , but a real opening of yourself to someone else and holding them as close to you as you can . it's when you can feel both vulnerable and safe at the same ... the first thread i've seen for a while and it's right up my alley ! here goes , in no particular order . keep in mind , this also paints a picture of myself as well as my musical taste :) 1 . bloc ... i'll agree with this 100 % . long before i knew about mbti , whenever i saw someone i hadn't seen for a while , i'd always be truly shocked that they remembered me . of course , i'd have no trouble ... procrastination you are not so smart i would post this somewhere else , but i figured that it's something that really struck a chord with me ( moreso than any other article on the subject ) so it ... thanks for the tip ! at the moment , given my strong ability to avoid anything that requires commitment of any kind , i'm still somewhat bouncing around different remedies that are legal and don't ... d ) drunk . seriously , the amount of times i reckon i could've saved the world with an idea i had while i was out but couldn't write it down / remember it is incredible . i could be the next thomas edison ... still thinking about getting checked out for this , but unsure of how to go about it ( especially in australia ) . i'm sure i've asked this before , but does anyone know who you have to see to get , for ... you know you're an infp when you suck at multitasking ;) ah , fair enough . shit , if that's what happens to women when you're just generally out and about , you have it far harder than i imagined . on behalf of my gender , i apologise . we're not all like that , ... question : if female infps are generally seen as radiating love , care and warmth ... where are you hanging out that womanizers also seem to populate ? not that i'm saying the blame is on you guys at ... this is pretty much how i work too ... i'll go through periods of not eating a lot at all , then a vice will come into my head ( ugh , sugary treats ) and i'll rip through a whole packet of them in one ... when you're in the middle of telling a story before you realise that you're really shit at telling them ( but you still had to ) . know what helps me with those ? deep , concentrated breathing . i think the problem is that when our mouths aren't moving at 100mph , our minds are . concentrating on my breathing ( whilst not looking like ... haha , that reminds me of this from office space : http://www.bestirrigationinc.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/office-space-copier.jpg ' pc load letter ' ? what the fuck does that mean ? hm , basically any of the bring him out of his shell eccentric types . hence my slight obsession with zooey deschanel in pretty much any movie she's in ( except for 500 days ... not super-crushworthy ... epic post , matchbook . thanks ! oh , i know that . level-headed guys ( and girls ) know that . but those with very inbred / ingrained views of why it's not okay to be a male with mostly stereotypical feminine tendencies or a woman with ... the way in which i ( sometimes ! ) feel the way the world must see infps ? when they see an infp woman , probably view her as eccentric , whimsical , deep , loving with the occasional bout of spontaneous ... i confess that i'm probably never likely to post in the stream of consciousness thread again , as i tend to feel the need to unleash a stream of consciousness after i've started to write a post in a ... please don't take this the wrong way ( or do ! ) but i totally fell in love with her in that show . slightly dippy , always in her own space yet always seeming to take the outside world in as well . not ... that we're almost always hurting in some way , yet will not tell anyone about it ( except for an internet forum , ugh ) . oh my god , always been an issue . it's weird , but when i make a point of performing eye contact , i feel two things ... a ) incredibly vulnerable , and b ) that i must be the only person who has to make an ... http://xoomer.virgilio.it/jamesvalue/downloads/futurama/fry.jpg age is linked to maturity , and i feel that as you grow older , you should be more mature in general . that doesn't mean you have to necessarily act like an grown up , just that in certain situations , ... ugh , what the fuck is going on ? ! ? the last few weeks , i've found that my time spent at home , by myself and at work ( with colleagues , not friends ) i've been more and more ... content ? stable ? yet when ... no idea :( :( i hope you do trust again ... i've always found that when it does pay off , it makes all those other times feel insignificant by comparison . good luck :) i confess that as much as i love ... this , this , a million times this ! you know you're an infp when you find a community like this and realise that for once , you're not in a minority . i love not being able to disagree with everything ... i used to be like that , even when i knew i was right , but then i realised ... what good is winning an argument when all that happens is one of you feels superior and the other feels like less of a ... '