' cinderella iii : a twist in time ( i'm taking into account this film and the two prequels ) cinderella : isfj ? in the original , she's definitely that , but i don't know how twist in time changes ... i honestly didn't really think about it when making the typing , but now that i am thinking about it , lottie's longing for a prince doesn't seem to stem from i want to marry a prince because he's ... edit to the above ( am on mobile ): beast is definitely not istj ; don't know why i typed him that ... princess and the frog : naveen : esfp facillier : entp lawrence : actual istj louis : ? ? ? ray : ... various typings : princesses : snow white : esfj cinderella : isfj ( ? ) aurora : isfp ariel : enfp . my fave , other than scar . belle : infp jasmine : entj ( ? ) pocahontas : infj i dunno . the thing about scar is that he's just so expressive with his body language , voice , and , of course , his sarcasm , whereas an intj would be more blunt , i think ? i'd really like to know scar's type myself , since he's my favorite disney character . it's so tempting to type him as intj because he has a typical intj role , but he just doesn't seem that intj-ish ? ... enfp harley quinn , anyone ? mine are the lion king , the little mermaid , and the nightmare before christmas . if i had to guess : moon : enfp mask : infj ( thus making usagi and mamoru spears ) chibimoon : enfj mercury : istj mars ( manga ): isxx mars ( 90 ' s anime ): entj jupiter : esfj venus : esfp anne-marie isn't disney . my guesses ( of those i'm pretty sure of ) snow white : obvious esfj ariel : enfp : i don't see her really living in the moment , she seems quite spacey , a dreamer ... definitely a feeler ; possibly a judger . other than that , i'm not so sure i agree . he seems to be driven by his longing to interact with people and find his heart sweet and seemed really crushed ... go west young meowth is my favorite , too . when you put it that way , entp for meowth makes perfect sense . i'm thinking meowzie may be an unusually bitchy esfj . she is awfully loyal to the morals and ... ash strikes me as an esfp for some strange reason . meowth confuses me . i can definitely see entp working , but he seems awfully driven for a perceiving type ( see : go west young meowth , the ... estp alyssa . . . i think i'm the only enfp here who hates being touched . it's kinda weird , seeing all these omg i love hugs posts here and not being able to relate to that at all . colonel hans landa from inglourious basterds . . . yeah , i think i'm doing it wrong . xp personality type : enfp favorite character ( s ): i can't choose between snape , sirius , harry , luna , and draco . i really need to reread the books . . . isfj ( have no idea why . . . ) matilda never really met any istjs , though there's this one istj i kinda am acquainted with , and he's actually incredibly smart . estjs . . . . the two major estjs in my life are both people who i've had ... * matilda * the butter battle book * charlie and the chocolate factory * the stinky cheese man and other fairly stupid tales * various brorthers grimm fairy tales * the samantha american girl ... enfp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ncKdfAh5E out of curiosity , what's your reasoning behind this typing ? ( i'm new to this , i'd like an idea as to how it works . . . ) anime : tenchi muyo ( warning : i haven't watched this in years , and i'm a beginner at this myer briggs stuff . ) tenchi : ? ? ? ryoko : estp aeka : isfj sasami : xnfp mihoshi : esfp washu : xntp ... ok , this guy is my very favorite actor , and i have a serious crush on him . but i don't know what his type is ! he seems to play lots of entp characters , but he strikes me as more of an introvert ? i'm ... thanks , guys . i kinda suspected as much , but since i test as infp half the time , i wasn ' too sure . :) and now that i know my type , i can finally * really * participate ! ! johnny : thank you . i tried doing that all day today , and i'm still not sure what to make of it . . . allisreal : only scanned the second article ( for now , will get around to the first later , since ... . . . how can i tell if i use my intuition more than my feelings ? sorry , i'm really new at this . thanks for answering , btw . you're the first one . =D i already made a thread there , but it's on the second page with no responses ... which kirby game should i check out first ? the what's my type forum is here : what's my personality type ? my favorites are definately zelda and pokemon , though i like mario , too ( especially the paper mario series ) . my favorite pokemon ... hi , johnny ! yeah , i'm still a bit unsure of my type . i'm pretty sure i'm an xnfp , i just don't know if i'm an introvert or an extrovert ( a small part of me thinks i might be an entp as well , but i ... i have a twitter , but i never used it once . sorry . and i have to sleep . night ! hi , morgan ! how are you ? that was interesting . i must admit , i used to think that timeline lore was kinda unnecessary , but the way the video put it make it sound less like a video game and more like unearthing some ancient ... sorry , i didn't see the last two messages . lemme watch . actually , walking at night sounds like fun . i wish i could get away with doing that . =P and which one are you trying to debunk ? creepypastas are awesome , though some of them are really creepy . not a good idea to read them while staying up late . phantom hourglass is cool . i really have to revisit it . i know something of the ... that's awesome ! lord of the rings is one of those things that's right up my alley , though i never seem to get that far . . . they're releasing majora's mask for the 3ds ? that's awesome , now i ... i'm playing oot on the 3ds . my n64 broke a long time ago . i watched lotr a long time ago , i'm working on the books before rewatching the movies / the hobbit . ( i finished the hobbit a while ago and ... out of curiosity , what makes you see the critic as a t ? he tends to act rather emotionally to the movies he reviews . ( again , i'm a total n00b when it comes to this ) haven't seen a thread on this yet . i'm really curious ( keep in mind , i'm a complete n00b when it comes to myers briggs ) . my guesses for those i'm familiar with : nostalgia critic : exfx ... it got confusing sometimes . i remember when it would take like , ten episodes for the five minutes until the planet exploded passed , or something like that . i know how it feels to be wanting to ... don't stop me now - queen ok , thanks ! hey , stone ! how are you ? oh , dragonball z was fun , back when it was on toonami . i was more of a sailor moon / tenchi fan , though . which series of dr . who should i start with ? . . . i think i messed up . xd i'm fine . i don't have a picture . . . ( maybe you're referring to stone's ? ) i've always wanted to check out dr . who , where should i start ? are there any episodes avaliable online ? hey , dude . i'm new , too ! welcome to personality cafe ! how are you ? hey , brittany ! welcome to personality cafe ! '