' ahaha this is hilarious ! thank you , i'll take this as a compliment ! you also need to know that 4 of them are best friends too ( we're a tight-knit group of 5 ) , and two others are also best friends , ... hey could you give me the name of the etsy guy who does this for you ! i'd lobe to buy shoes like these ones for a friend ! double post because this was a very enjoyable read ! thank you everyone , i haven't enjoyed a perc thread like this one in well over a year ! had the popcorn and all . fantastic idea ! i wonder why i never thought about it before ... okay resurrecting this old thread ! enfp parents ! what's it like to take care of kids ? how do you deal with chores ? how do you deal with being authoritative ? everything's in the title . how do you deal with satan itself ? embrz - awake ( sorry youtube isn't working today ) you have your values sorted a lot easier and faster than us . it's almost automatic for you whereas we spend a lot of time pondering them over and making sense of them . this one infp i know is nearly ... l : intj a : isfp m1 : enfj ( strong fe user , and low ti ) s : esfj m2 : istp m3 : intj k : entp m4 : isfp to be honest , i enjoy each of them's company even though i can never have enough of k , his ... i agree with everything here . but i have to say i'm a pretty horny enfp woman , only i direct that horniness exclusively to the ones i love and feel devoted to . there were 2 so far . this is the 5th day of my 60 days no-contact policy . i cried so much since the 1st of february . i cried and cried and cried . i got angry , i got revengeful , i fell in love again . anyway , it's hard ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4Sn91t1V4g i don't know what it is and i really need your help ! i wrote this on the 9th of december of 2014 , this is the 3rd of february of 2015 and i still hope for it , as strong as ever . a year from now , i hope i won't be pining for my ex . a year from now , ... i'm grieving the relationship so bad right now . hey sygma ! thanks for the heads up ! i wish the same to you , and listen , from what i learned , pretending they don't exist until the hurt goes away is the best way to get over them . i really hope you ... i know i've said it over and over again , but this time , it really is over with my ex . i've told him i still loved him and needed to move one and that i was happy he helped me through everything . ... i wish i knew what i really need to be happy . i do not understand why we're all so hard on ourselves in our 20s , it really doesn't make sense . listen i'm not an isfp so maybe my advice is wrong here . i didn't go through the entire thread but hear my advice . it's hard to get inside an isfp's head as they're crazy discreet and secretive . i'm ... i changed subjects this year , went from classics to foreign languages in uni and i'm doing pretty good . my grades went from 4 to 16 :) . the american equivalent would be a 3.3 gpa . i'm no longer ... done ! ! ! mast exam in less than three hours , i am well-prepared and i cannot wait to take it so it's finally over and done with . je vais regarder un film pour faire passer le temps ! : kitteh : my exams are driving me crazy ! was telling a good friend about how zdenek jirotka's impressive use of the free indirect speech was one of the main strengths of saturnin when i realized he couldn't care less about the narratology ... back to my favourite study spot at uni , and it's crowded . snif . it's still great to be here , i have missed my university a lot . thank you coronagirl ! that really was lovely ! i love love love german ! : blushed : have yourself a fantastic weekend ! can i just say german is the most beautiful language in the world ? every time i hear german , i melt inside . this is incredible . the reason i got into perc in the first place was because i got heartbroken by an intj and we did get through all those stages , even though i know i was deeply hurting . i don't ... i am feeling stressed out . i am feeling so because : 1 ) my first ex contacted me . i have horrible horrible memories of him and i want them to go away 2 ) i missed the deadline to write my name down ... i hate exams . they make me feel anxious . i believed distancing myself from him would be nearly impossible . granted , i feel the urge to text him every now and then , usually at the same hours since i have been thoroughly pavloved to do so . it ... finally cut ties with him and i have to remind myself not to text him about all the funny and meaningless details of my life . and it's only day number 2 . what's it gonna be a month from now ? i guess everyone develops mild fe to a certain extent but no one can do it the way fe doms and aux do it . their fe is real . my best friend is an enfj and whenever we are discussing moral issues , we ... kutner from house ! his suicide broke my heart . ( ... not his intellect , his giddiness and excitement for things ) hi people ! i hope you're all having a great day ! ! here's my problem , i speak 3 languages and in 2 of them , i speak just fine , but in my mother tongue , i speak crazy fast , so much so that my ... thank you coronagirl , that was so kind and lovely ! i'm touched . i send you gigantic enormous warm virtual hugs and kisses too ! i need hugs and kisses today . i need someone with strong arms to tell me that everything will be okay . i hope that a year from now , everything is ten times better than it is now ... sorry guys ... yeah sorry about that . it's just a thread i resonated with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ahe2hDqu9g whenever i go through a tough breakup , i read this and it all makes sense again . thank you for your lucidity . it doesn't matter whether i still love him or not . he chose convenience over me and that is significant . choosing to disregard it for so long was my mistake . i hope i will have the strength to get ... nina simone sang my baby just cares for me so beautifully . would you please stop talking about mbti ? stop saying enfps are like glitter pooping unicorns , that's gross why do you always overthink everything ? just let me sleep ! and my favorite : ... you're all a bunch of mini house minus the cane and the vicodin ... i love it ! why am i having such a complicated relationship with my ex ? if y'all would like to know what ivory coast music sounds like , check it out . it's beautiful , warm and soothing . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI_giOX1Vhs hi emwuzx , could you tell me more about visual typology ? so far , i can only type isfps , ixtjs and enfps with their eyes and i would like it if i could spend less time correctly typing people ... ... that's quite a long thread for a simple matter . i'm kinda scared to look into it . at first i was going to write that she was a self entitled princess but considering you all wrote 6 pages to cover ... that exactly . i was trying to explain the ne function to a friend and i ended up saying ne was like an internal paintball fight of what ifs . i have a lot of appreciation for ne , i find it ... '