https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sg-A-eS6Ig i saw it today ! :D it was amazing . very pretty but couldnt see the total solar eclipse , just a partial one since i wasnt part of the lucky area oh fudge , that sounds scary o_o i get lost in a mall .. image portals . i'd die no we are all equally dysfunctional and misunderstood like the edge lords we are ooo : 3 thats interesting . the show is actually an anime . i'll look it up at a later date and message you with it if you'd like . for myself , i'd like to teleport or levitate but the draw back could ... c : * flirt flirt flirt * * giggle giggle giggle * * drink drink drink * * pun , joke , dry humor , huehuehue * hey there ! this is really for anyone who wants to reply regardless of type . i was watching with a friend a show where each character had a super power but each superpower had a limitation . one would ... garret borns is also my crush . i think he is an infp and i read somewhere he may be a possible type 9 or 4 or something . i'm infp with 947 . this makes me so freaking happy , you have no idea 701450 this makes me so happy . c : lol lots of the first page ( at least ) says he is like an infp with type 9 and 4 > _ < like meee . i have fell in love with borns music and the way he acts is hilarious in the ... funny , i find myself having a similar situation with infjs . : 3 but yea , sometimes i can be that way question : will you go out on a date with me ? : 3 ^ this is amazing . had to laugh : laughing : you sir are a legend ! that avatar with those words . perf ! i agree hello ! it seems like i came late to the party but i just needed to add in a few things .. 1 ) while reading your post , i felt very overwhelmed . maybe try relaxing a bit and being a little more ... yess i agree c : i hope they find happiness . we all know us infps are a lot to handle this is so cute . estj xinfp i'm waiting for him to go : update : she isnt a 20 year old infp female who enjoys pina coladas and getting caught in the rain . a . k . a you well my ideal guy appreciates my directness : 3 what else does your miss perfect have ? i'm just surprised he turned down dinner with a queen . its quite obvious he likes to tease . : kitteh :: octopus : tell me if i'm crazy but didnt that seem like a direct poke towards me to look at him ? : tongue : and in you noticing it , i noticed you . hey there ! do you have a dream girl in mind ? i have an estp brother c : can confirm , very badass . very savage and social . very direct . i like poking at the istjs and intjs how about you catch me outside 6984026984 02 i feel like that was directed towards me , wanna talk about it over dinner ? ; 3 oh man ! i feel you infp , if i were to describe my dream dude people might type them as entj or intj . i feel you . i'm not an entj so i'll just casually observe / follow thread to see what other entjs ... hello ! although i am not an intj , i would like to comment on this thread . i always find it hard to disengage from someone i've invested my time with or energy on . i would like to relate to you on ... i am definitely an introvert xd i dont leave my house much you are adorable aww cx 696098 welp i met an infp girl in high school who became a good friend of mine . before knowing she was an infp we sat next to each other on the bus . i think i sat in the seat in front of her for a bit ... pssst hey you . yea you ! : ninja : you are super cute and i wanted you to know that directly with lots of respect respectfully ( lol ) soo where did you get those eyes ? can you point me in the ... i agree 100 % with you . he is super cute and those eyes are to die for ( i mean .. not literally dying like in shakespeare but definitely worth praise : kitteh :: happy :: ninja :: proud :: tongue : i'm a infp but thats pretty similar to enfps . intjs are nice and have lots of potential , so do entps . my two main friends in the group are enfp and intj . i've dated an entj for two years and now i am ... thank you kindly ! : 3 i meann it's an unspoken rule that on the 4th of july , there must be red white and blue and there must be fireworks to match . bueno that's oddly specific : 3 if you are talking in my future then we both smell potential babe see you there at the top ! aww you are so sweet : tongue : flattery will get you everywhere lol : laughing :: octopus : belle from beauty and the beast ( very much ) a little sansa . a little jon snow , nick from the great gatsby . spiderman ( the 2003 movie ) when he is creating his suit . 694585 well thank you dear <3 i bet you are too ; 3 mine isn't really a dream , it's a world i created a while ago when i was still young and self-loathing . i saw a lot of darkness somehow and created life from it . i imagined a crumbling dark castle ... yes to this thread 694561 s-senpai talon ! i didn't know you would be here ヽ ( ＊ > ∇ < ) ﾉ ( ノ * ゜ ▽ ゜ * ) ฅ ( * ° ω ° * ฅ ) 694545 me looking at air with rage ┻ ━ ┻ ︵ ヽ ( ` д ´ ) ﾉ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYd7Ykb3-aw my song and i'm sure all my infps agree lets face it we are cute 25 ? 6942016942 09694217 so i made this world when i was very sad and defeated in life . around my teenage years but not everything was dreary . the puppets kept me company and the trees were almost happy to ... mother figure ( grandma ) - istj father - esfj father figure ( grandpa ) - esfj i'm closer with my istj mom by a long shot brothers - ( 18 ) estp , and ( 9 ) possibly entp or enfp ( very much an extrovert ... okay here is a happy story . my mother is an istj and i have been her companion for 20 years . she is wonderful , i cant express how much i care and am grateful to have her as a mom . she didnt have to ... lolol aannnd there goes my hope : 3 infp and intjs are cute in my experience what the hell : 3 it's just my opinion . carry on my friend she isnt an infj .. follow up confession : i might have said the last one to be edgy but only half . confession : i still don't know who i am describe the taste . it's kind of metallic like , right ? i like the taste as well . but nothing beats the taste of passion fruit juice . you know what looks good and probably tastes great ? pomegranate ... what's up my little adventurers ! how are you all doing , dear dreamers ?