' saved us all from damnation . hero ! ! ! your number of posts :p bad number , post something else . haha , that goes for all types then ... this i admire , being highly independent and individualistic . if someone says you have hidden emotional issues , thats just wrong . i won't assume you have emotional issues but i will assume you are ... yes , i totally agree . intjs are fun to be around with , they cant really hurt my feelings so much but i see others often get hurt ... this is really true . i am actually jealous of your ni te combo . we have insight into everyone , though sometimes it may not be right ... lol haha , i will take notes on this and never say that to an intj true , think of darth vader . hes a badass though not sure if my opinion helps but i tend to not get angry at such things for so long , i just stop talking to them because i feel the friendship is not good , unless they really have a good reason , i ... i find intjs to be the most enjoyable to be around . i admire their ability to quick think and rationalize a situation and to talk it out because they can . similar to intps but without the need to ask ... seen a topic like this before intjs and favorite books - intj forum hahaha , i think i have seen that glare plenty of times . id be pissed off and probably wouldnt say another word to that person . when i think about istps , my cousin and brother in law come into mind . i guess this has to do where they grew up ( oakland and long beach ) , both very logical , and athletic . they aren't bad people in ... : happy :: crazy :: wink : you seem like an infp to me ... i really really really think true intps don't mistype as infp infjs , and i am sure most types , act differently with certain types . for example , i stay the hell away from estps , and am more comfortable around intjs and intps . with intps , i get that sense that ... waddup intps [ pronounced : intps ] , i think you guys are cool and awesome , and some of who i considered good friends in college were intps . however , i got the feeling that i was annoying to them , ... just want to say that you have been very helpful , i have been able to relate to what you have written and it feels good to do so :D i would love to speak more on a faster medium if you would like to ... i see how it works it is funny that we have almost everything in common when it comes to education , ethnicity , values , but yet our personalities are so different , and this is what i have been ... in the end i do hold up my own standards , but in the moment of interacting with fi i can get really sucked in . not sure if this makes sense i'm down whats your skype ? i don't remember mines but i'll make one soon . same exact thing happens to me with my isfp . its seemingly a paradox of values she places onto herself and others because when i do mention this is just the way i am , she takes it as a cop out to ... i feel the same way , lol . my feelings are a relative measure of my frustrations . if i can see that i will be frustrated in say , a social situation , then i create a command in my brain that says you ... thanks for this . explains a lot . she tests as an isfp , and she is also sure she is an isfp , so i hope i can safely assume she is fise . this specific values matrix you are talking about , i am having a ... all the time , lately it is because of the personality theories . thinking a lot about those recently . yeah , that's true . because they are futuristic robots from outer space ... i'm gonna say they are infx lol i don't think they are extraverted . most that i know are isfp and istp would anyone care to analyze this ? i used to think they were isfps , being producers and all . but after thinking about it they seemed more n than s ... and then i saw an interview in which they ... when i think of entjs i think of don draper form mad men , just imaging a girl version of him ... not too sure about that . it's ok man , i've been hurt lots of times too . focus on being the best person you can be and you will become a chick magnet . yes , infjs can be chick magnets ... i am living proof : cool : cool , thanks . looking forward to the possibility . :( : hi , there is a course on coursera which i think some infjs would enjoy . it is called fantasy and science fiction : the human mind , our modern world . talks a lot about mythology and stories of fantasy ... let me put it this way , if you have little in common with the fi user , then the fi user will have a hard time relating to you and there will be little to no meaningful conversations or relationship ... my dad is an isfj and he is very involved in the church ( hes a deacon ) , he loves to serve others and be in the middle of the serving ... giving out meals , clothes , etc ... i am an infj , am very ... i lie if necessary , and sometimes its for good reasons . for example , my girlfriend asked me if i was hurt by something she said . and i know from previous experience that if i react right away , i may ... perhaps , for me it is about finding underrepresented kids who have talent in music and helping them grow and hone their skills . way of the sword , we all have our reasons to do our things . not all ... no worries . i was not just talking about the army . i also thought about joining the navy and other sectors due to the benefits for financial aid and other security , but looking into it i realized ... understanding it better now i graduated from uc san diego in 2010 , totally unrelated , music composition major . sounds to me that you are seeking a way of life that is structured , but at the same time you want to be able to do ... starting to see the potential of the enneagram , but yet still a million questions pop up in my head ... time to go have a beer right , but he being a type 9 infj can be explained by having a stronger fe function , and you being a type 4 means you have less fe than ni and possibly ti ? and nurturing personality growth on type 9 ... i have looked into enneagrams , but are enneagrams mutually exclusive from the mbti ? it seems to me that a specific enneagram type can pertain to several mbti types . it doesn't explain why the types ... hello , i've been studying the mbti and its cognitive functions since january this year , so i am relatively new . i am 99 % sure i am an infj even though i scored intj on the test . some of you may have ... woa now ... this is a bit too extreme in my books . a couple of things ... you said you guys already talked about moving in july and it has been a year already ... two years is what i think is best ... we all have big eyes ... it is apparent ... lol all the love letters that i have written , i've never actually given it to them . i felt better just writing it and always second guessed myself , so i never gave . but i did expressed words in a ... i work with nt's and i like each of them . intjs seem the most comfortable around me because i always support their ideas and stand by them when people aren't quick to agree :) '