' physics / astronomy math / number theory .. diophantine stuff , prime stuff , lately harmonics . computers .. i want to say just programming but chips are also fascinating when you start thinking ... i liked school . forced me to be more social ( drugs and alcohol were used to compensate for introverted ) two classes in particular were very appealing while stoned . trig and stats . i don't ... i gotta do this whole process because now i'm a freaking troll ? ! ? i seen big words that i did not know . sanguine ( which i only recognized from morrowind ) , choleric , melancholic and phlegmatic ... you were the one who called my logic bad when it was yours and i'm the troll ? bah .. / ignore no , i defined the words not the temperament . if i defined the word judging , is that reducing to the absurd with mbti judging function ? the definitions of words are or should be a subgroup ... when the concept of the temperaments was on the wane , many critics dropped the phlegmatic which is why i never considered it . edit add : you know what , i am going to do this just to get this ... i've never cared about spelling or grammer unless it affects the meaning or is impossible to decipher . i will go thru and check for that type of stuff iif the audience might be using a language ... i wasn't crazy about this test . it felt like two tests to me . one to figure out what each picture was representing and than to use those answers as a response to the questions . i'm not that ... i liked tests . homework was useless if you paid attention and had a decent teacher . having homework included in the final grade seemed insulting to both teacher and student . if you need to ... aye n tee pee .. darn pirate indians .. wait , darn pirate native americans . the sailing first nation . i'm thinking that i'm more of a i am two pee .. bbif : tongue : laugh , that's so intp . every error is fatal ! i don't know what you did since i didn't read the post but it's probably not fatal . if i'm wrong i'd never find out about it unless you write ... they do before thinking . i annoy myself when i do that so that can be irritating but the bright side of their coin is they do . they'll be doing something and i'll be trying to explain the 6 ... i feel completely the opposite . i like them . the progression is like a giant puzzle and it's still unproven . it's kinda cool that this group has opinions about numbers at all . if you need to be drunk to ride , i suggest non motorized bike . fill your water bottle up with a vodka lemonade or something and go for it . now i'm picturing a johnny dangerously moment of ... yep , that's my point . the labels are misleading or just lump too much stuff into each temperament to be useful . example : melancholic temperament is basically the introverts . yet the ... man , when i just read the above i thought it was a dating site for number people . oh , you talk in your own voice like with skype , it'll show the panda talking instead of your face . you could be a red panda talking . so your voice but looks like panda talking . sorry if i ... i'll admit to liking that game more than most . i couldn't figure out how to thank you multiple times . truly awesome post ! interesting . bat's as a scale of blindness . i'm all for using boats as a measure of beauty . helen of troy was 1000 . it might offer more preciseness because people don't generally like decimal ... interesting how many posts are written like algorithms . al · go · rithm - a process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations , especially by a computer . and straight : tongue : phlegmatic = calm - - having an unemotional and stolidly calm disposition . synonyms : calm , cool , composed san · guine = = optimistic optimistic or positive , especially in an apparently bad or ... are you referring to sydlexia ? near the door . definitely not to change the subject , but have you seen facerig every time i see your avatar , this is what comes to mind . though now he's eating doritos . i'd guess entp all the way . disclaimer : i'm probably still way terrible at guessing but i'm thinking you could just consider this like a vote . lol , ' all the way ' than i say , well maybe ... make up a number and figure out if it's prime . sheep just made me hungry . i'm thinking be happy he's a j , if he was intp he'd be done already with half finished . banff is worth a 7 hour trip on a bus full of kids . i'm jealous that you were there . maybe not jealous because it doesn't affect me at all emotionally . it is a place that i do want to see and ... for her truth isn't as important as feelings . for you truth is more important . although it might have been an attempt at getting doritos . you made another person feel bad ; doesn't that make ... granny smith apples and http://www.marzetti.com/images/products/7020055600.jpg not as good , but definitely good enough . you getting those santa anna's now ? i think i've watched way too much weather channel to ask questions about weather patterns no where near where i live . i'll admit that those winds are ... i miss the sun . too many days in a row of rain . ok , i realized that i did one just recently ! i put a poem about computers into the infj thread about poetry . i wrote it to try to get over this girl back in the mid 90s . edit : and now i ... hrm , this is just like email sometimes . once ya hit that send button , can't seem to ever make it go away completely if you change your mind . i'd call it , the problem with being a higher dimensional being he sees their entire life as a single instance rather than a sequence of events . since he can't accurately describe that extra ... dawnstar view post was your previous tv's remote a rf one ? those are way better because then you could use it when you find it .. like in the bathroom or laundry room . it's not like ... kinda funny how a topic regarding emotions becomes a conversation regarding taco's . i think the taco is sad because it's missing sour cream . as for love , no clue . i think love isn't ... i make it the night before this way it has time to cool down . this thread is informative though . i learned that starbucks serves tea , fruit and nuts . maybe that's what they serve and i ... i feel like i just got the trophy for participation . : laughing : fe man = could be extroverted feeling or ironman . in my defense , there's too many people that have periodic table shirts . ... that's wild that all your higher functions are internal . i think it's cool that you don't fit the mold ! confusing as anything trying to make yourself fit into a single class but still cool . ... i'm completely intp .. i'd like to get more j but it's a battle against laziness and changing priorities . hahaha , i'll call it changing priorities .. darn , no it's both . bah . yep , i'm a p alright . ... give me a beer * * * don't say the truth , for i don't want to hear . feed me more lies and spare me my tear . remember the good and forget the end and it'll start all ... the above made me think of this poem . sheesh ... in a library with an x ... and i smoked at the time . slow brain death ( bizzaro world part 1 ) * * * why oh why am i staying ... i expected to come in here and get hammered but learn how to be nice and social . turns out you guys are so nice i never even got hammered . there are anti-esfj typists ? people have things ... a pirates remorse * * * aye , twas nice to play that game of emotion . the game of life , and death . a game of words , and voices . a game of failure , and choices . what if , in ... thanks . i started the poetry thread here because i thought poetry was artist stuff . i just found a thread for poetry in the infj's , so it turned out it's the diplomats that have poetry .   ... that's way cool . ooo , universe sandbox ! does that do more than n-body gravitation with pretty colors ? i think it's a great idea though . i'd probably get rid of half the types , no 3/4 ' s ... if you ever do write it use this as a commercial because you got me curious . oh , if you can't make it fit . i've considered having a plate from plate tectonics move really fast eastward to keep ... '