' speaking only for myself , i'd have to say yes and no . it takes a lot for me to express any anger , but it's hard to stop once i get going . i've genuinely scared myself a few times . i've never ... as a concept , i think about suicide a lot . ultimately , i keep coming back to something william faulkner said : given the choice between grief and nothing , i chose grief . suffering is an unavoidable ... once in a blue moon , but i typically prefer a nice coffee shop i feel ever so slightly odd saying this considering her age at the beginning of her work on the series , but jesus , sophie turner's grown to be rather pretty . in any case , i'm quite looking ... it seems as though attention to detail should be most closely linked to se . being that se is typically a particularly weak cognitive function for infps , it stands to reason that infps would typically ... audrey hepburn 284378 i've seen her typed as an infp quite a bit . in any case , i absolutely adore her . it seems to vary from place to place , but you can definitely expect a continuation of the algebra you've learned so far , as well as some trig ( unless that's treated as a separate course ) . you might ... at its best , it's a profound , transcendent , spiritual experience . at its worst , it's still pretty damn fun . i'm not exactly sure what my personality type has to do with it though . my sex drive is ... you are 80.6 % good . you are 23.1 % chaotic . alignment : neutral goodfair enough , but i always figured myself as more chaotic good saved . a . puppy :) . admittedly , it's about the most stereotypically bleeding-heart infp thing one could possibly do , but there was this little stray dog wandering around a busy intersection near ... bae is absolutely horrid . beau also annoys me when someone refers to a girl as that , because they don't realize they're calling said girl a guy ( the feminine form is belle ) . darling is good though :) i think the fact that her anxiety and depression have such a massive effect on her behavior makes her much more difficult to type . the only thing that i'm relatively sure of is that there seems to be ... meh , i'm a huge crybaby at times . it's easy for me to put myself in someone else's shoes when i try , and that extends to fictional characters . it can be a bit maddening in real life , but when ... these two songs are tied for the infp anthem imo https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8uf1n1wUfxE ( i prefer her version to the sinatra version personally ) .  ... 400 blows by francois truffaut . honestly , if that film doesn't move you to tears , you have no soul . it's that simple at the moment , because i want to be . i've spent the last nine years jumping from relationship to relationship ( some of which were incredibly toxic ) so i really feel like being single is the best ... honestly , i get along much better with girls than i do with other guys . it just feels like it's easier for me to connect with girls on an emotional level . guys tend to bring out the crazy ... lakes funny enough , i'm an infp , and while i tend to check off every infp stereotype imaginable , i really enjoy , and am quite good at , math , and i actually want to go for a ph . d . in topology . for me , the ... i don't think it's possible to break up with anyone and not hurt them , at least not if they actually love you . that's not to say you shouldn't though . sometimes pain really does help you grow . i know ... um , yeah ... over , and over , and over , and over again . to the extent that it's kind of irritating . fuck off leave me alone go away ! ... where are you going ? please come back the first five minutes of up ha ! it's odd that i visit this site for the first time in several months and immediately see a thread related to the reason why i haven't been on in said several months . college is going ... i think lazy is too simple a word . often our interests are not totally in line with what would best benefit us materially , and as infps have a tendency to follow their passions rather than what would ... i either stuff it down or act on it . i wish i could give advice on how to do the latter , but it tends to feel as though i don't really have any control in the matter , and whether i act on my feeling ... when the juice isn't worth the squeeze . as much as i hate cliches , that's about the best answer i can imagine . it's tricky though , because you have to be completely honest with yourself . on one hand , ... hufflepuff . granted , i seem to get gryffindor just as often , but i like hufflepuff more . ' puff for life : crazy : i actually liked pe in school when it was just doing the workouts and fitness tests ( i always did really well on them ) . but i absolutely hated sports days . i understand that those are the days that ... i guess that's really the problem i run into . my values hold me back from technically cheating , but i still feel like i tend to be unfaithful on an emotional level . i realize that from an objective ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IZ7MD9oc3o how i'm feeling right now , as is alarmingly often the case , can be most easily described by a fiona apple lyric say i'm an airplane and the gashes i got from my heartbreak make the slots and ... i do have a bit of a fondness for fashion actually . i really like contrasting sort of formal clothing with street clothes ( for example , a dress shirt , vest , and bowtie , but with jeans and with my ... i notice a lot of people saying infp , but i'm not really sure about that . in my case , i seem to draw people's attention , but not really because i go looking for it , and good or bad , i don't ... i can relate to this so much , and i absolutely hate it . i really can't get along with my parents if i'm around them for too long , because i know eventually that little kid butting heads with his ... i should elaborate . i've never actually cheated , because i think it's wrong . i feel guilty even having feelings for more than one person at the same time . in the end , my morals end up winning out ... i feel i need to state one thing before i get started . i am in no way saying this is universal . i'm just making observations from my own personal experience that seem to fit within a personality ... has a woman ever asked you out ? a few times actually . if so , did you accept to go out with her ? did the relationship last ? generally yes . honestly , i find it refreshing when a girl will ... i don't really see them much , so not really , lol . i did when i was a kid though . i'm pretty sure my mom is an esfj , and i really have absolutely nothing in common with her . i love her to death , but ... oops , i meant to say feeler , lol . that's not even a typo . that's ... what the hell ? but yeah , they have the same cognitive functions as infps , but their primary and secondary are reversed , as are ... oh god , i didn't even see the other thread , lol . if any mod sees this , feel free to delete the thread . kinda embarrassed that i misspelled the band name too , lol right now , i'm kind of in between situations . i'm going back to school in the fall ( though i'm doing some summer courses starting next week . really excited about that ) . i actually just got out of the ... i seem to have what i call the where the hell did that come from effect on people . generally , i'm pretty quiet and laid back , tending to spend a lot of time in my own head , but when someone gets me ... enfps are infps on cocaine . and i mean that in the best way possible , lol . it seems like they have an easier time not getting lost in their own heads ( as introverted feelers they can at times , but ... john : infp . pretty much the easiest to type imo . one listen to across the universe is probably enough to prove it paul : esfp . a bit more difficult to type . i definitely see him as se dominant . he ... infp with beliefs i don't think i can really describe without sounding like a crazy person . but definitely highly spiritual even though i have found intps to be the easiest to relate to out of the nts , i don't think i've really had any huge problems with intjs . though i do have to admit , intjs do seem to posses all the ... i was in the military for four years . i figure you can probably fill in the blanks on that one ... the dangers of gay marriage rupert murdock will go to a special hell for canceling this show . a hell reserved for child molesters , and people who talk at the theater . '