' the older i have become the less i care about my appearance , because it doesn't really matter . as long as i don't look like a complete tramp then i don't mind but i have look trampesque haha . i get ... i am so painfully horny today .. so yes i'm from the uk and i don't vote . mainly because i do not agree with the policies of any party and i also believe that the two party system doesn't work .. it feels like pantomime . i also think that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTm5eiFlAsI i didn't really have one as i was completely board of formal education by the age of 13 . so i learnt what i had to and before an exam i would read over the subject matter and that got me through ... when you are nearly 30 and it still takes you a week to get round to tidying your room . then finding an old notebook you haven't seen in years and continue a project written in the pages postponing ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYI9AryfhNg i lost mine too , if i find it .. i'll give it to you . ai.tran . 75 you are sexy too ! and i agree . i think you are correct . i hope you have my number too for your return to dom-ness . :D really pissed off right now as i changed my mind about going on a trip with my mates , no particular reason , i just wasn't interested any more ... and they have been pestering me all morning , why is it ... very infpish ! i never really get poetry but this i do completely .. it'd be good if their was an infp poetry thread . everyone here is sexy ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jK30v4weeA with great urgency miisha can we exchange musical knowledge ? you seem to have quite an eclectic taste . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP2uVduXojA nice .. i love the czar . we'll do it with cows that have died of natural causes only . dancing ! that's something i can do .. in a field .. with lots of hippies .. and stuff .. i know i can't do that .. too much to think about but any of you can say anything you want to me . of course it does :) although i don't sweet talk , i don't really talk at all . cuddles .. yes , with lots of other nice things involved :) you should hear me if someone asks me if i want to go somewhere . so many factors to consider . it's noisy be careful . haha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XX5uKOGGQIc what do you wish you knew back then ? i wish that i knew i didn't have to compete in the rat race or the american dream it's pointless . i'm not wired to be a part of that . what do you wish ... yeah , i did that . i found them a few year ago along with a box of pieces of paper with disturbing little sentences and stories . now i'm a lot older and can , for want of a better word , cope better ... no , i avoid them as often as i can . yes , i was a proper daydreamer . i'd be looking outside more that at the teacher . i think after the realisation and panic that this is the end and their is nothing i can do .. i'd hike up a hill and watch the terrifying beauty of something i'm only ever going to see once . i would like a new table for me to use as and when i pleased .. you can be my centre piece any time . if it was , life would very strange . was that a command or are you just saying my name ? ? only if you're princess zelda and i'm link or the other way round ... haha ! i'd be your little toe aww , that's cute . i agree . utterly terrifying ! haha , didn't know how old you were .. 17 is legal in the uk . honestly , it's jesus the g .. very off putting . you're spoken for and i'm a gentleman . otherwise ... no , sorry dude . i haven't found many non-british people that understand sarcasm . sarcasm is about 60 % of our national identity and the rest is a combination of cynicism and innuendo . i think this is one of my favourite threads . :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pTHdibIQoE well , when you put it so eloquently .. gladly . it's you again . miisha that is an absolutely incredible song from an absolutely incredible album . moderat are one of the best live shows i've ever seen . kudos :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bO9HTBSxGbs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep0keG43NrQ don't worry , i have been travelling for years and hardly spoke to my best friends and when i came back they were still my best friends . :) it's not monday is that the problem , it's the life and job that people have which creates the hatred of monday . when you lay in bed in the morning and you slept funny so your back hurts , you are hungry and need to pee desperately but at that moment the most important thing are the thoughts you are currently ... music and food it is ! :) it depends on what kind of art . art in the traditional sense of the word ? music ? poetry ? culinary ? ... '