' this made me happy so i'm posting it here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bLx03EVaz8 this sounds like how i am now and i'm very happy about that . <3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZTbrfAwGbg&list=WL&index=26 i was just listening to my 2000 ' s playlist while i was driving earlier . oh man that song brings back nostalgia ... :( i know exactly how you feel . but as everyone else said , keep doing the best that you can in the meantime . better grades makes things so much easier in the long run : more acceptances into colleges , ... one lesson i had to learn is that if someone in my life is doing more putting down than uplifting , then they aren't meant to be in it . that's what it seems like she's doing to you . and from what you ... well the tables have definitely turned on me . : frustrating : good listener and trusting . i keep getting told that i'm funny more recently ( probably because i'm opening up more ) , though my friends have thought this for years . i have a bad habit of not being ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx0h072VFzQ&index=13&list=WL well this just explained my entire life in a way that i couldn't , and why i have a problem of not feeling good enough ... this sounds so much like me lol .. i overthink everything , especially when it comes to a guy i'm involved with . it's a mix of bad experiences and me being naturally analytical . it's a pain in the ass ... it sounds like he's being a manipulator . he shows a lack of respect for you and makes you feel silly about things that make you happy , but still tries to treat you well here and there so you won't ... know this all too well ... although i like to get simple tasks done and out of the way as early as i can , when it comes to big projects and papers at college , i always tend push away dealing with ... desert with a deck of cards , mostly because i'm afraid of drowning and sharks . never eat your most favorite food ever again or have to eat your most hated food as one of your meals everyday ? that's a really great idea ... i tend to forget how far i've come and just how many of the things i used to stress about before don't even matter anymore . some of the issues in the past i could pretty ... the beginning of your post automatically struck a chord , as ironically i wrote something very similar in my journal yesterday when i was trying to give myself some motivation : not everything is ... a couple of years ago , i came to realize that a lot of the things i choose not to do stems from me not wanting to fail . obviously no one likes failing but it was pretty apparent that my dislike was ... overthinking is my worst enemy . i need to get this under control fast . these are pretty much the only environments that i actually like being apart of a crowd , along with ball games . the energy is great , everyone is letting loose , and i sense a feeling of togetherness ... it blows my mind how much has changed in a matter of a month . i have this happen at times as well . i'll be thinking of someone i haven't spoken to in a while and then they randomly send me a text later that day or maybe even within that next hour . it's almost ... if you haven't heard about it already , to put it into a simple meaning , it's basically the idea of whatever thoughts you put into the universe can reflect what you receive in life . so if you have ... even after all of the bad that has happened recently , i keep in mind that everything happens for a reason . at least i like to think so . and the fact that it all happened within a span of a month ... this is something i've been doing within the past year . talking to myself also helps when i have gone through a bad situation and need to understand it a bit more . it kind of aids me in trying to ... how do people purposely treat others like shit ? this will probably be a question that i'll ask for the rest of my life . tampons . i wear pads when i go to sleep at night since i don't like to reach the 8 hour mark with tampons . but pads have always been uncomfortable to me , and especially are now that i have grown ... i like pac and the quote lol . his music is what calms me down sometimes . i'll start his me against the world album and just let it play through . it's a good album to fall asleep to for some reason . i can remember conversations really well . for some reason i can't remember things like directions or other instructions on something . but if someone is talking about something personal , it ... i actually can't sleep because i'm pissed about something honestly lol .. while also being pissed that i can't fall sleep , so that i can stop thinking about it . this night has been a complete mess ... i actually can't sleep because i'm pissed about something honestly lol .. while also being pissed that i can't fall sleep , so that i can stop thinking about it . this night has been a complete mess ... thoroughly pissed that i'm not asleep right now guysss , it's national panda day . not only that but i found an even better video than the one i posted a couple weeks ago . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CmeDu7K7f4 now i'm deep into panda ... if i'm already feeling lonely it can make me feel even more lonely . now i know to avoid it when i'm not in the best place emotionally . currently cuddled up underneath a blanket after watching netflix for the past few hours . while resisting the urge to munch on the candy sitting on the other side of my room ... think i'm gonna avoid certain social media for the next week or so again . it should do me some good . had to make myself stop doing this because i would always get hungry afterwards . and it would always be a food i couldn't get my hands on at the moment , so it would be a huge tease . but of course ... ohhh man i really screwed up this time ... :d ry : for some people they don't want to face an actual breakup , or hurting the other person by breaking up with them . what i see a lot also is that people want to venture out with others but won't break ... pasta . it's my favorite food and i can eat it for lunch or dinner almost everyday if i don't watch myself . it's high in carbs but it could be worse ... i guess ... ignoring responsibilities . this ... why am i just now discovering that you can get a tarot reading from etsy ... etsy ... ah dammit now i'm hungry ... this reminds me of a video of pandas i found a couple days ago . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqvBG8tKL4o they were not having it . : kitteh : i'll be the second guinea pig ! ! ! raschel - i'm curious as to what your moon sign is . i'm also virgo with an aries rising ( ascendant ) . astrology has become a big interest of mine , and over the ... definitely , 10/10 . not only do i love it in the other person , but it makes me comfortable to do the same . if we can't allow ourselves to be vulnerable around each other then it's not going to work ... don't cling to a mistake just because you spent a lot of time making it . gosh i can't wait for the weekend . ( moonious - your avatar is so cute , i can't handle it ... ) as much as i love my alone time , having too much doesn't feel the same anymore . after a few days of being in the house i will begin to feel myself getting a little stir-crazy . i've never been ... well someone must have saw me snooping the thread lol ... i'm quite puzzled as to what i'm walking into right now . : confused : easygoing , funny , confident , caring , loving , intelligent i grew up with two older brothers so i played outside with them often ( or tried to anyway and succeeded at times ) , even though they were much older than me . i loved playing outdoors in general , so ... i was talking with my friend the other day and we got on the subject of what our own quirks are and what we have noticed from other people . not really sure if this is considered a quirk , but every ... i don't think i would necessarily see this as a problem unless it's getting in the way of other things . i'm a hopeless romantic and this always crosses my mind . so i know how you feel . you shouldn't ... '