' 55932 gets me everytime . i honestly think we need problems . o_o ; if we were all living in harmony , i think we'd be bored . but , if we were born into a world of harmony where we don't even know what problems are or mean , i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NJqUN9TClM er , my eyes are tired so sorry if i sound like a broken record x . x - i didn't read previous posts but i don't think he was playing hard to get at all . lol , i think he was actually shy and didn't know ... indigo , lavender , yellow 7,085 , 116,122 people in the world apparently , as i'm typing this . = o that's a lotttaaa fishies . i think it's all about that lil hope . :) i'm a newbie so i don't know you . but , i wish i did :) you seem so inspiring ! and congrats on the great feat you conquered ! ! i'll will head to your advice & try to step out of my comfort zone ! > < ... wash your car make up your own dance moves read a book play some video games play board games w / family & friends - invite ppl over karaoke ummm .. thats all i can think of right now xd 5579755798 55799 1st = middle school lol 2nd & 3rd = last year i prefer being a lone wolf for the same reason . being in a relationship i feel like is a chore .. :/ i'm always striving for perfection within it & i'm not very good at maintaining stability . i'm ... i feel you , girl . luckily , i only have to witness this around football seasons if my bro's around .. everytime he just yells or shouts something , i do a lil jump , haha . although , when somebody is in ... i don't make up works cuz i pretty much fail at doing so lol so instead i try to use dead words that i think are still awesome and shouldn't have died out at all ! for example : bombdiggity .. :D dd love ... professional & constructive criticism = defcon 5 low self esteem criticism = defcon 5 because normally the criticizer in this case is also has low self esteem so i feel sorry for them as well ... i do this too because i don't like having to burden people who're closest to me . > < i know they're genuinely interested in helping , but i feel like sometimes my jumble and mesh of thoughts is too ... 3w2 good guess ! lol i'm not very good w / this mb stuff either , but i agree . :D fbi — ten most wanted thought this would be kinda fun to do ? o . o ; idk , but i'm quite curious to what your guys ' responses would be : tongue : hard to explain , but i kinda have a split personality . aw , jeez . another different result . wtf =[ 1st infj , then istj , now isfj . what's next lol 55606 what inspires you to want to help make the world a better place ? wow . such a good question - i dont know why you would have this thread closed ! ! making the world a better place , the thought of it ... tv shows music comp / video games reading baking pisces here & today's scope isss : a sudden , irritating interruption in your routine could come your way today , pisces . a friend may need some advice , and you could feel obliged to give it , which ... my mom's told me that i said , what ! in my sleep once lol . my uncle's fiancee told me i literally slapped her when turning on my side . & i think someone told me i did a 360 kick on them ... o_o ... ! ! this is exactly me . i too moved out when i was 17 , but wasn't able to actually live by myself until a year later . - - - i think you like the company because it makes you feel less lonely . it ... you make electronic music & r signed ? gee , i wanna hear ur work ! :) back to the point , i'm in the same boat . i've been depressed since i was a little kid . not as bad anymore , though . it's the ... oh my .. hahaha , funny memories . i used to work at the desk for my old taekwondo dojang , and my master had only hired me because he thought i was a nice looking girl who could speak english ... i did 5 months of olympic style tkd taught by some hardcore brazilians . and boy , lemme tell you , i went from being a person who was .. dangit can't think of the word , basically a person who did not ... i classify myself as a infj / istj combo , but i haven't spent much time talking around with other istjs . from my experience though , i can see why istjs get annoyed easily with the infjs . i noticed that ... i'm not very good when it comes to talking face to face to strangers . but , if you're a good friend of mine then i appear to be very friendly & express 30 different facial expressions within one ... this fellow azn never fails to crack me up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b84eimPNqnM i don't know if you're into that kind of humor but all his vids are great :D & i love how he has so many now ... i think the guys here are just like you lol ! they're seeking out their infj bros & are striving to learn more since i think most of them know as well that males are less common for the infj . i don't ... ectomorphic i'm 5 ' 8 and pretty lean , i'd say . if i didn't have strong kinda thick bones , probably would look super skinny . i can gain & lose weight easily - also the same with muscle . my only ... i knew i should not have clicked on this thread . - smacks head - all these picturesss ... - drools - anything sweet is up my alley . instead of having a sweet tooth , i think all my teeth are sweet tooths ... atta girl ! u go get em ! :D oh my . your mom sounds quite the er .. tough cookie ? wrong word , i know lol . anyways , i think what you need is just confidence and bravery . i'd imagine her face to be quite twisted with shock if you ... ohhh gawd . this is definitely something i battle constantly . i have yet to find solutions but you have to remember that all of this comes from the head . i think it takes a lot of practice because ... i'm sorry that you & your mother seem to not be getting along well . :/ i never had a good relationship with my mom either until recently . i think having a good talk with her should do the trick , ... dangit ! i knew someone was going to point that out lol @_ @ nah , i don't mind ppl who spell people , ppl ;P hands down , i'd definitely pick option 1 - above average intelligence but below average looks . i value intelligence highly and i think it's worth more . i'd rather be known for inventing something ... ppl who spell a lot , alot . drives me insane lol ! i have tons of pet peeves . here are another 5 : 1 . ice cream that drips through the bottom cone hole . 2 . pet owners not picking up their own pet's ... i think i'm an istj too ! ahhh ! is there a infj / istj combo ? ? aw , shucks . now i feel bad :( lol but , i get watcha mean now ^ ^ thank you for responding , kind sir ! ohhh . thank you for the clarifying ! =] actually , i label more myself as an infj because ... lol thanks =] not sure watcha mean but perc is the only forum that i go to = o when i'm feeling off-key i do other stuff lol awww :( yea , i'm not quite fond of the introverted feeling either ... ahhh ! thank you ! feeling better already , haha . ever since i was in kindergarten , i always felt like i was in the wrong age group . i didn't notice it until i was in kindergarten since i was with kids who were my age . i felt like i was a ... skydiving ! anything thrilly >:D i don't have insomnia but when i have something i need to attend to bright & early in the morning , i have 100 % success w / drinking a warm glass of milk , almond milk , or sleepy tea :) if that doesnt ... i would show a picture but now looking at it , i feel like it's not worth showing lol basic necessities is what i thrive on ... my studio is small but yet my living room comprises only of a small ... soo , i just took the cog quiz & it said my dominant type was istj . i was skeptical of course & did the personality quiz that personality cafe offers . the 1st personality quiz i took was from ... mekristy cuz when i created my yahoo email account years back when i was a little kid , i chose that for some reason due to simplicity & stitch because hes my absolute fav . loveee him . and that ... '