' 29 , intp , not diagnosed , and somewhat surprised i scored that high . conversation i had via text with my entj roommate ... roomie : i'll be in tonight so i can get some cleaning and orgasm done . roomie : organizing ... autocorrect me : haha ! i was about to ask if ... oops . here is a little tidbit about muppets and porn you may find entertaining ... there's a song which you know really well , and everyone around you knows really well , and most children around the ... hos and blow is my go-to answer . i am highly suspicious of paranoid people . i didn't plan on having children for the same reasons as many of the previous posters . i didn't think i would be able to provide the kind of structure and discipline kids need . plus i was messy , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAEfeNLKwd0 satan does a surprisingly good job explaining the nature of addiction to stan in this clip . the top and bottom pictures look like america's west coast . the middle one reminds me of yosemite . northern california ? i am from little town nestled in the mountains of northwest montana . it is beautiful , remote , and the deadliest superfund site in america . thanks for putting us on the map w . r . grace . 481537 i love that movie . my daughter and have watched it several times . joel and clementine in eternal sunshine of the spotless mind tucker and dale in tucker and dale vs evil the whole cast of it's always sunny in philadelphia u200bbender and fry agreed . there are a few smoking rts in my department , one teaches a smoking cessation class and another is my boss . if you enjoy that bit of delicious irony , i got an even better one for you . i ... my brother : how's your trip so far . me : great ! saw the grand canyon today . brother : well ? what did you think of the grand canyon , as a whole ? me : as a hole i'd say it's pretty big . brother : ... i occasionally make empty threats of my intent to post a scathing review on yelp when i experience exceptionally poor customer service , but i have yet to follow through . do you smoke ? i used to smoke but , since that particular habit didn't really mesh well with my chosen career as a respiratory therapist , i begrudgingly gave it up . do you think intps would be ... i would take loneliness over a broken heart any day . when i try to imagining what the end of time ( possible or not ) would look like , i draw a blank . it probably wouldn't look like much at all . i have no trouble visualizing the end-times , however , ... a ) what phone model do you use ? lg vortex . i bought it used about 3 years ago . b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? left palm . c ) what do you use your phone for ? timekeeping , alarm clock , ... that's how most of mine ended too . i use the past tense because i haven't had one in years . this is probably because the last lucid dream i had was so disturbing that my conscience simply won't allow ... yeah , i thought about buying a ticket when i was at the convenience store , but i decided i really didn't think i had what it takes to be a millionaire . sound's too stressful . plus i was hungry so i ... talking to crazy : how to deal with the irrational and impossible people in your life by mark goulston susan boyle ? xenu is not my galactic overlord . what we do in the shadows . a mockumentary about how four vampire flatmates tackle the challenges of day to day life in the modern world . it's pretty hilarious . bender's big score released the virus . alone at last ! argh ! it's my parent's ridiculously slow internet ! country living sure has its drawbacks . let's see if it works this time . 453065 4530 81 453089 4530 73 what an odd coincidence . i happen to have in front of me , here at the family farm , a 1914 u . s . history book . here's the table of contents . 453017 4530 25 453033 4530 41 when you add a can of tomato soup to mac and cheese it kinda tastes like spaghettios . the value of believing in yourself . the story of louis pasteur . it's a children's book i just read to my 5 year old . i can now mark rabies off my things my kid should probably know about ... history news network | the horrifying american roots of nazi eugenics tsk tsk america . i find your hypocrisy disenchanting . i wonder how far the eugenics movement in america would have gone had ... children of men . one of my favorite dystopian flicks . this movie never gets old . i especially love one particular powerfully moving scene toward the end . it gives me goose bumps every time i watch it . funny you should mention eraser head . i almost watched it last night , but my roommate vetoed it . he wasn't in the mood for lynch's mind games . coincidentally , we watched national geographic's brain ... this definitely rings true for me and my entj roommate . we have pretty great conversations on subjects we both agree . it's when we disagree that i notice the difference in our personalities . while ... i also went to college during what i like to call the before . those were dark times with no google to light the way ... dark times indeed . on the elevator at work i overheard a visitor say one of the most asinine comments i have heard in a long time ( and i've heard a lot of stupid comments lately ) . he was referring to the quote of the ... reilly 441266 marcus 441274 zealot : the life and times of jesus of nazareth by reza aslan http://youtu.be/h0JvF9vpqx8 u200bsnowpiercer . loved it ! mulholland drive . every time i watch a david lynch film i think to myself , i bet this movie would have made complete sense if i was frying on acid . my 5 year old : mom ? would i still get to go to heaven if a zombie ate my brain ? me : yes . why wouldn't you ? kid : i don't know . i just thought people would need their brain in heaven . me : that ... 435657 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsQLtJLZ42I&sns=em i tried to learn how to play guitar a few years ago . i quickly realized that i had no natural talent for guitar , which meant becoming a proficient would require a lot of practice . practicing was not ... the movie will probably bring back memories then . pretty much all the monsters from the books make an appearance . goosebumps . it was my daughter's first 3d movie . it was pretty good . jack black did great as rl stein . yes ! exactly ! spoken word will be replaced by grunting / pointing , and emoticons will take the place of written words . hieroglyphics would probably be too complex for these modern day neanderthals . cave paintings maybe . '