' i'll make an example of your post . too much word . i read the first few paragraphs then realized there is too much of a time commitment and too many details involved in your post . ... gameday . however me and the girl on my right acted as news reporters for the student tv station that morning . haha i plead the fifth . i didn't realize it looked quite like that . i've been working in general lately on more teeth for pics . i show teeth in day to day life but pics are staged and make it hard ... not much . turn naps into social time . i go to bed at 11 on a really good night . hw plus social commitments keep me out pretty late sometimes . bed has been between 1 and 3 am a lot lately but i ... it's many individual commitments so there is no one thing i think about more than a few hours out of the day . but i always find myself going from one action item to the next . today being an away game ... it's rare for there to almost ever be a photo of me with an actual smile and teeth . considering that , this one is worth a share ! ... bolderousness the ask a question at times to stay focused helps . and i will say they've done economic research about computer note taking and it being worse . my intermediate macro professor showed ... i'm a little less structured then others have responded but straight as in college is my current main stretch goal and so far i'm doing a good job with 65 hours already under my belt . 1 . be a ... how do you guys know you're overcommitted ? i'm in student faculty research . a leader in two clubs both of which being some of the largest and highest budget on campus , one basically a fully ... sauce ? i'm a lot less of a hard ass on others then i used to be . people that had very different types then me used to be judged . now i feel myself spending more time judging those similar to me that are not ... try me . the best thing ever is attempting to be casual but being unable to resist you . honesty . it's a virtue . * in the long run * i have my own lack of sanity at times and i wouldn't mind an assistant to explore some of my dark sides . i'm afraid you are not her only option . rain puts me in a kinky mood . a storm or hurricane gives me a nice overwhelming sense of power . it really does sound like a great combination . when the cane hits and the power goes out there are only so many ways to entertain ones self and their guests ... lol . i'll draw up a graph for you sometime , my white board is occupied right now . no , please . anything but coding speak . the interesting thing is that the class is hosted by our privately funded institute for the study of capitalism . it has bank and koch brother money all over it . which would make you expect ... you're crazy if you don't pop a lady boner to graphing gdp and calculating growth rates for nations and applying the solowx 96swan growth model ! and that's just the first 3 lectures * dreamy eyes * . for some reason my memory served that you arnt even white lol . i'm all for history classes being a chance to speak of moral philosophy and deeper greater meanings . but it shouldn't be a buzzword ... did you really not expect that ? majority or regular history classes spend less time talking about history and more time making you feel sorry for every wrong your nation did much less one ... there is a hurricane brewing out at sea . should be raining most of next weekend here ... sure sure . i'll pack a hammock . ill have you know though that i'm not sold yet . therefore i plan to take you to the biltmore estate of the vanderbilt industrialist . i hope to gather my opinion on ... it is too loud here . too many words . i would rather take you someplace quiet . go for a mountain drive . spend most of the way up discussing elaborate theories or simply quiet providing time for our ... psst . you there . yes , you . i got in trouble tonight for checking perc one too many times on a date lol . engage with them . sell us on the fact that at least you care about the material . prove to me why you are qualified to be teaching and not someone else and make me feel that your comparative advantage ... uhhh huh ... i mean she wasn't flawed but far too innocent for any male over 16 to feel comfortable flirting with . my thought process and i shared with with my date , was more along the lines of she has good ... gave my first big tip last night . the server was sweet , kind , and timid . a young maybe 16 barely 17 year old infp . quiet calm and caring she drew pretty pictures on the receipt .  ... https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170831/ace18c608d363f9becec8541f9c1625a.jpg rainy days put me in a certain mood . maust i am so pleased that when i have pmed you with relationship advice you didn't shit on my situation as hard as you just did haha ! close . but i know you like me is a turn off . yes . you should know i like you and should show you know you deserve my attention and confidence . but stating it sounds like a coverup for ... lol bpd and substance abuse self medication . literally my most recent ex . i put up with the bpd for a long time but damn who she became over the past summer was god awful . who first came to mind for ... sane . it's just about all i've ever asked for . it usually means you internalized and didn't communicate factual and tactile issues along the way and now basic emotions are billowing out with the root causes still hidden . essentially we see it ... john adams and the spirit of liberty ! ^ ^ ^ https://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170828/0002e71f56b2fa9832bd555cdfc9efa5.jpg shitty info graphic works let virtue address me : x93which , dear youth , will you prefer , a life of effeminacy , indolence and obscurity , or a life of industry , temperance and honor ? take my advice ; rise and mount your horse by ... my quick litmus test is usually are they a boss or a leader same as him i don't drink coffee . i've had alcohol for light social occasions in intimate settings and may be open to other things in similar areas . however i am very respectful of my body and ... legality is of least concern to myself and other entjs to my knowledge . the legality of a substance is on the bottom of the list for my decision making process in weather or not i would like to ... all actions of today are made to ensure that the mistakes of yesterday do not repeat themselves tomorrow . the future is a direct function to the past with the variable being today . ^ ^ ^ i'd want to witness some of the biggest moments of m own life from the outside . is that cheating ? i wouldn't because like ... don't mess with time lol . however if i did and it happened in a vacuum without negative consequences . i'd love to go back to the late 1800 early 1900s with some form of ... i'd wake up tomorrow with a mind control ability and use it very very very sparingly . knowing my death is within one year i'd live a life so reckless i'd likely die well before then . ideas of ... dear intj , you seem kinda gross and unhealthy . distance is good for me . dear enfj , thank you . your embrace makes everything better and every minute and hour with you is always fantastic . ... '