' i could talk to one for hours , the stuff intjs think up can be really interesting because their ideas are usually bizarre and obscure . i have a few esfps that i know but not too well . they all like to party and get drunk , things i don't particularly enjoy at times i hate my type too . i hate how i prefer to be alone and i hate how i can't create emotional bonds with any people . i hate how i always come off cold to others and i hate how i don't like ... so after reading all your comments and doing some more thinking i've decided that i was wrong in judging my friend and should be more open to different opinions next time . i think i got more annoyed at her just flat out denying that she'd give to charity rather than her actually buying the bag . maybe i'm just being too judgemental , it's a bad habit of mine . i said designer bags and generally designer brands so i was talking to a group of my friends today and we got onto the topic of designer bags and just generally designer brands . one of my friends told me that the first designer bag she's ever going ... esfj because most of the ones i know are annoying and really traditional and just downright irritating . the world would be a very different place considering how intjs are a minority in the current population . there probably wouldn't be any charities and the world would be ruled by scientists rather ... i've been known to abruptly end the conversation by saying i don't want to continue this conversation but people get pissed off when i say that so i just try to zone out or something i hate when people start shouting or talk loudly especially because i feel as though it's pointless and annoying . i have been called serious multiple times and i don't take it as an insult but at the same time i'm also surprised because i don't intentionally try to be serious , it's just the way i am . i guess a ... i used to believe it when i was 12 but then as i grew up i slowly realised how stupid it was . i mean , i can't see how being born in a specific month could determine what personality traits you have ... wait till you come across a dysfunctional intj , you probably won't like us then ... tyrion from game of thrones , he is so awesome damn , me too i must admit but i try to suck the tears back in . i usually read fiction but will occasionally pick up a non-fiction book if it catches my eye in a store . the fiction books i read vary but usually are either murder mysteries , drama , dystopian and ... i really wish i was an extrovert ( simply because i think it'd be easier to get through life ) , i don't mind being a thinker though and haven't really had any urges to be an f . i really like friedrich nietzsche , his insight is awesome i have probably taken about three pictures of myself in my lifetime and i always try to avoid being in pictures when someone else is taking them . i think it's partly because i believe that i'm ugly ... i listen to a lot sad music ( usually classical or something of the like ) because i find it more beautiful than optimistic and happy music . i also run a black and white blog where i post pictures of ... to kill a mockingbird i don't care about food at all , i eat to live . maybe my se hasn't quite developed yet though ... i'm a procrastinator and not a very proud one at that . i tend to put off tasks because i know that once i start one i'll have to finish it through to completion , so i don't start it because i can't ... so today my mother and i were talking about the hindenburg and she was going on about how tragic it was and how awful it must've been because there were people watching the disaster . then , because i ... infjs because they're the rarest and haven't really done much 1 . do you find other people intimidating ? i'm not that intimidated with other people because i know that usually when someone's trying to be intimidating it's all an act anyway . 2 . do other people ... so what type are you may i ask ? i don't feel comfortable with everyone staring at me , i'd just rather be behind the scenes and not noticeable . i mean , i don't have stage fright or anything i'll just dodge the spotlight as much as ... ugh , being the centre of attention to me is the worst thing ever . i'd rather be in a cave alone than have a surprise party or something like that thrown on me . just the idea of having a huge party ... i was talking about is perc channel not his youtube one i looked for his channel but i found out he was banned , i wonder why ... i think he was really frustrated so his video came off as really aggressive and angry but i do think he was taking it waaay ... you probably shouldn't take what he says completely as the truth as he has a bias against a lot of other types as well . it's ok to be an infp , i mean not all of them are over-emotional self-obsessed ... i hate celebrating my birthday too ! the idea of throwing a party and having heaps of people over just seems so tacky to me , i'm not sure why ... enfp , enfj , esfj ( i really need to find more nt friends to be honest ) australia is probably esfp or estp . the culture is very laid back and chilled , people are very sociable and they like to have fun and go on holidays . they also like to get drunk . this weeks episode , not sure if you've seen it or not , she's basically started a cult so i'm almost definitely sure she's an extrovert now . she warms up too well towards people to be an introvert . i have really bad empathy , i'm working on it though on tests i am usually borderline p / j but i always take them with a grain of salt as they usually don't look at the cognitive functions . i can relate to all 8 cognitive functions ( but doesn't ... i watched this video of these guys saying how a lot of feelers have this thing called t-ness envy . it's basically this concept that feelers try really hard to be thinkers ( especially males ) because ... i watched the video too ( it's djarandee's right ? ) . i was kind of shocked at how pissed off he was about infps claiming they were infj , i'm still not entirely sure why he's so mad about it . i'm sure ... your response to the shark question highlighted your use of ne , so i would say a type with ne as an auxiliary ( as you say you're introverted ) my mum's an istj and my dad's an e / intp my mum was really rigid and strict and my dad was really lenient and let us do whatever ( although he wasn't emotionally unstable ) i like it when teachers give us a bit of leeway and let us do our own independent research . copying things from the whiteboard really bores me and i'd much rather do my own research and investigation ... a few people have told me that when they first met me they thought i was a bitch , not sure why though , apparently i gave off this vibe . also people ( especially teachers ) always ask me if i'm ok , ... i heard someone say how he was an enfj because he had his disciples who followed him around everywhere . however i can also see how he could be perceived as an infj because he spent 40 days in the ... i used to sing in the shower but then got self conscious when i realised other people could hear me . so now i don't sing at all in an ideal world , religion really shouldn't matter . however humans are full of flaws and unfortunately being biased and discriminatory against people who think differently to you is a part of human ... have superficial conversations with them , they won't hate you for it but they'll probably not like you as much i think all the types have their bad stereotypes . i voted esfp because they are generally considered to be dumbasses who lack basic logic . '