top 3 in order : physical touch , quality time and acts of service . same here , i tend to come up as enfj but with a very low e . i would say i'm an introvert , an infj because most of my life i live in my own head a lot , daydreaming etc and unlike e who are very aware ... god , this made me lol . we get very good at creating myths about ourselves and if we take the mbti too seriously ( it is a theory btw ) then we are likely to become self-fulfilling prophecies - creating the situations that ... 1 . kindness 2 . support 3 . integrity - honesty , consistency and reliable 4 . change - improvement 5 . determination all of this is sooo true ! i only have so much energy to be divided for my family and a few close friends , and i am a solitary person . i need my space to reflect and think and make sense of ... thanks for this discussion . i took the mbti again and this time came out infj . usually i come up as e , but only just over . when i took the mbti assessment by a qualified assessor , my e scale was low ... i agree with your example a lot . there's a guy i like at the moment but it's kind of confusing , mixed signals ... and i wonder whether i'm rationalizing too much as well ! it's annoying . but i've been ... hahaha , i wouldn't hug someone i'm interested in ... yet - not until i'm actually ' with ' them - that it's official . the hugs given then are , of course , different to the hugs i give my friends . it's a movie in the making . watch this space ! if i sense that someone is interested in me but i'm not interested then i'll most likely to : - avoid long conversations with them and keep it to small talk , nothing personal - don't make so much ... lol , so funny :-) whoopee ! yes , i definitely think there are low numbers of nf's in the uk ! ! esp london - think i meet a lot of sp's and sj's * sigh * . they don't seem to know our meaning of ' compassion ' and i get ... hi thanks for the list of enfj's - it made me smile :-) sea cumcumber - are you in the uk ? i'm in london . i very much doubt that a guy's flirting is down to his mbti type - that's just stereotyping ! it could be that he's just a player and that's it ! i thought i was the only one too ! i've been told that at first few meets / impression i appear stuck-up and intimidating lol . i'm a 2w1 too , and i do work hard to meet goals and am quite serious . and ... yep i do ! i get annoyed , and then feel frustrated when they call me again and again with the same problem and they say ' i know you gave me advice on this but ... ' and then after a while of them doing ... that's really interesting , and helpful ! hmmm ... so he may be an estp or istp , or possibly an esfp - sometimes it seems as though he doesn't mind what the impact of his being late for lessons , and some ... i think he's definitely an ' f ' because he comes across as a warm and friendly person , although he is quite a shy person - a girl-friend at work told me that he is shy at first but then he gradually ... i don't think i know him well enough yet . i've read up the personality types esfp and enfp and so far , he sounds more like an enfp - or he could even be an enfj . it's quite a fine borderline ! thanks ! he actually reminds me of another friend of mine ( enfj ) who's interested in some of the same things as this ice skating friend . but yeh i can't tell yet whether he's n or s ... are there any ... loves apple products , anime , a lot of things oriental ( although he's caucasian ) . has a goofy laugh . and when he talks about anime he looks very much like a big kid ( he's in his early 30 ' s ) . likes ... i have two male enfj friends and both are very outgoing . but i'm not very outgoing , i'm social and chatty but not loud - probably cos i'm low on the e scale ? i prefer small groups and intuitive type ... to everyone's post : i feel the same and agree with the advice , help and suggestions . the stickler is when helping people , feel happy , give some more , feel happy then at some point feel very ... esfp's are good at cheering people up and although they can lend a shoulder to cry on the time is limited - as in they can only take so much ! it's as if they expect you to bounce back to happiness ... smiley and everyone - that is true . esfp's are very funny and full of life - my sister is hilarious and is very good at making fun of herself and others . yes they can be sooo vain but as a reminder ... yes i completely agree about the manipulating people etc if there is a fall out - happened to me on quite a few occasions . bad-mouthing is what i call it - very immature . if there's a problem i ... ah i see , i must admit that i'm not a huge fan of small talk - it seems that i try to make small talk about general stuff but it doesn't seem to interest them and then in my head i sigh and then ... whoops , my title is meant to say esfp - why don't i seem to get along with them ? hi can someone please tell me why i don't seem to get along with esfp's ? i think my eldest sister is an esfp ... oh golly , that seems so ages ago , i'm completely over the guy and have moved on haha . no , i think he did get the message , he just didn't have the decency or compassion or even manners to reply - and ... hi , the update : he didn't reply to my text and then a few weeks later he announced on his facebook status that he's off the market hence he is making this girl exclusive , i sent him a fb message ... i believe a lot of people look for ' good ' characteristics and traits in others - the thing to be careful of though is that these good traits might not actually be present i . e . we're fooling ourselves ... here here , it's like these people think the world is against them and the world owes them something back , when instead they should have a bloody good hard look at themselves in the mirror .   ... please ignore everything in my above post . got some sound advice from johnny :) yeh i completely know what you mean by that . and no i won't bring myself down - i'm very good at moving on . the most will be is me feeling disappointed for 1-2 days and that's it . okay , i was ... mbti type aside , those who are very independent and don't like to ask for help is due to having perfectionistic beliefs and seeing asking for help as a sign of weakness . stubbornness - most likely ... cheers johnny . i sent him a text to say i want to talk to him about what happened and if he wants to as well , but also asked is he willing to hear me out . that was two hours ago ... will let you know ... since he's got some sort of phone phobia , i'm willing and happy to call him and clear the air , cos i was the one who didn't ask him directly whether he was seeing anyone . i'm thinking of calling him ... okay , i seem to be saturating this thread with my individual posts ... but any suggestions or advice on what i could do or not do ? thanks . and of course , i'm looking at him as more than just 4 letters ! and at the end of the day , we all react differently to different situations . but then again as a contradiction - human behaviour ... yes , exactly my view and how i feel . thanks everyone . no , he hasn't done anything yet to make me feel better . i guess from his point of view he hasn't done anything wrong so why should he apologise ? looking at it broadly , i said ... thanks johnny , i really appreciate your advice - someone else also gave similar advice and i do understand that it is him wanting to be certain . my response to him earlier today has caused an ... i told him that i knew about his seeing someone and have cancelled the working together . told him i was putting my own feelings first and doing what's best for me , and also that i don't see or talk ... my mutual friend told me that he said it in a depressive tone . so maybe at that time he was being negative ... i don't know ... guess i'll never know . and i agree , i'm not worked up over it anymore ... it really bugs me when people are too chicken to tell you . talk about being inconsiderate and selfish ... but most of all cowardice ! this guy didn't do any damage to me , but yes definitely i agree ... nothing is gonna happen . i found out some girl took him out on his birthday and apparently he's started dating her now . i found out through a mutual friend , he said to this friend that he's put off ... hi everyone so i told him last friday , i didn't professionalise my feelings , i just said to him that i'd begun to like him more than a friend , he was really taken aback , there was a pause and he ... this is said in a lighthearted tone . i think you may haven't read my posts clearly . professional reason : i work in the field where it is very similar to therapy , having any sort of ' feelings ' for ... thanks :) i think the girl asked him out on a date . but i understand what you mean and agree as that thought has crossed my mind . but the other way of looking at it is that i'm just expressing ...