' no i'm just attracted to boys ( gay ppl exist btw ) . there is a lot of truth in this , but i think a part of what i find baffling is that i often enough feel like i should be interested in them by my own criteria . that is to say that they might be ... i think you're right about that , but i have this compulsion to wonder what my life would be like if i weren't reluctant , like maybe i'd have a social life to speak of :p yet i'm hypersensitive to rejection . how does one maintain the balance of being nice and not hurting peoples ' feelings when they make overtures towards friendship or whatever ? i find it kind of ... i suppose the latter , or that on an epistemological basis i see knowledge into it as being essentially unavailable , but also that that might at some point change . according to the canon , if you ... i'm agnostic about it . i think that the supranormal elements of buddhism are articulated too substantially to be something that can be casually discarded , yet i also don't think that it is at all ... i'm coming to question whether i might be an intp after all , and i'm a convert to theravada buddhism , and as we all know , converts stereotypically tend to be the most zealous in whatever it is that ... i'm pretty much the opposite . i just want to spend my life living in a log cabin with internet access reading , writing , contemplating , and drinking entheogenic tea . i don't not-value ... most of my habits and preoccupations might convince me that i'm an intp were it not that i have virtually no inclination for ne . i'm always down for some arvo pärt , spiritual crisis ( the feeling that his work often evokes ) is the spice of life imo . https://youtu.be/FK-KC2aQpcI it seems to depend on the kind of knowledge . i do a lot better with theory , for example , and i think ni gives us a kind of authority about how we interpret ideas , or gives us a kind of certainty in ... william james considered philosophy to be essentially an articulation of one's temperament . what i'm saying is that my world-view basically changes with my mood :p treasure can become trash if i'm in ... i take six months to return a phone call ( buddy cole ) i don't want to have to be available to other people all the time , maybe it's an enneagram 5 thing but i find it emotionally exhausting . i ... you subjectively experience a pleasant or wholesome connection towards what you take to be another person's subjectivity . basically , you feel like you both understand , and want to understand , another ... no , but i can find a bit better language for my habits and tendencies , and can understand the habits and tendencies of others a little better , too . otherwise i think i identify more with my major ... well , if someone injures one leg , they'll tend to favour the other . jung's theory of self-growth related to his theory of personality was actually to transcend ( or suspend ) our preferences , or ... no , but i worry that i'll grow old and isolated from forgetting how to make friends . hopefully you meant to say it as poorly as you did , too . then you can walk away from this with a real sense of accomplishment . no , your posts are just lazy and incoherent . criticism is fine , but this is a shit-sandwich addressed to everyone and no one . tell me who would sign for that delivery . nope . jobs maybe account for 3 % of what we talk about here . no need to doubt , have certainty . maybe try working on your prose . this thread ( or rather , not curtailing the desire to rant at no one in particular ) is injudicious . you don't show enough restraint or forethought to indicate that your opinions should be taken ... sometimes . idk if it's fe related but i can be relatively charming and lively when i want to be , but lately i've been even quieter than my norm because i'm trying to discipline my speech , or engage ... if dogs are fe then i disown the function tbqh . and cats are se imo . ppl with strong se are often described as having an almost feline countenance . te is more empirical ( or factually minded , ad hoc ) and ti is more theoretical ( or favours the internal consistency of logical systems ) . i mean sure , my own inadequacies or the discontent i experience with other people never have to enter into an idealized relationship . cats transcend all human foibles tbqh , typing them is a dishonour . i can tell you that the fives aren't the outgoing ones tho . i assume fours aren't either . infjs and infps have a lot in common . the things we differ on might be confounding and annoying in a more intimate context , but i think a bad match is determined by a lot more than type . i mean ... xstps . i like em grounded and surly , apparently . ambient , ( neo ) classical , experimental electronic music , house , r & b , art pop , etc . most genres actually , but there has to be something interesting about it , and not just ' interesting ' but having ... i don't generally like physical contact either , i'll even turn down a back rub from a close family member most of the time , for example . and i can remember one time someone aqsked me to cuddle while ... the way ni glimpses the future tends to be with a sense of inevitability , while with ne types it's about potentiality . it's not necessarily that ni types see the future as determined or anything , ... it's not even that i have a hard time with details , it's more like i don't even see them . i'd need to have details brought to the threshold of consciousness first , to even rate as having a hard time ... i think i'm nearly equal parts specialist and dilettante . i don't think i need to know everything about myself . on a cursory level wanting that almost seems like vanity to me . like even though obviously not everything you learn about yourself would be good , ... yeah , but it's also fun being the weird senex hoarding secrets , etc . i think at this point in my life i'm more content to just watch and be inspired by people who naturally live in that element . isn't that kind of how you got into this situation in the first place ? there aren't really social techniques that you can use to make other people respond to you in the way that you want , that ... i don't know , i think i have a lot , but i don't have everything . i guess what i mean is approaching anything with that kind of inequality or dependency in mind seems doomed . i think that if they didn't really know who i was , then i don't know who they'd really be in love with . that said i think people can be poor judges of who they themselves are , so maybe you don't ... yeah , in fact i think i experience all of the regular human emotions :p the question is just how often and to what degree , to which i'd say ' not very often , or very strongly ( with some ... fatalism and whining , probably . i'm a gay dude and i like guys with street smarts , mostly because me concerning myself with that feels a like like fretting and worrying ( because i'm bad or inefficient in it ) , ergo i get a feeling ... yeah , but i find there can be ways of easing into a project . like if i want to write a paper , i'll write down some of my provisional or early thoughts on a topic , try to organize them a bit and make ... as best of a couple that can be characterized by jungian typology ( considering it only has the functions as its metric ) ? sure , yeah , i buy it . the dual thing seems like it could be a legit piece of ... no , and as a ni dom i don't even really want to tbqh :p we have a thread like this pretty much every other week btw . it has a noetic quality ( so d ) . i'm honestly not sure if i pay enough attention to my internal imagery to know what kind of accompanying sensory form is with it , or even if there is any with it . william james characterized spiritual personalities in two ' archetypes ' : the healthy-minded and the sick-souled . both are characterized by a kind of ' seriousness towards that which the individual ... um i don't know . there's enough variance within the individual types that whenever someone says i'm an infp or something i pretty much just think sure , okay in response . as with water said , it ... i actually don't feel like talking about it . i'm a buddhist but i haven't totally eliminated meat from my diet . basically when i cook myself meals or go grocery shopping i won't pick meat products , but if i go to someone's place to eat and it's ... '