' hey there ! ! ! if you are new to mbti , like myself , you will have trouble with the descriptions of each personality type because it is very very vague and tends to make one feel biased depending on ... i knew a guy once very well from childhood and this person always had a rough time fitting in with other people because he obsessed over feely type things like animals and wanting to be a writer and ... i really do love this movie . obviously hes attracted to her but physical attraction can only go so far , in my opinion . yet , there is also another quote in the movie ... o , the way mother nature ... yeah that does make since . i can see your point . i was currently researching different learning styles because to me it makes since that the way we learn is the way we would process information and that's because it would be preferred by our ... i do that too . :/ in fact i do that with a lot of things . it helps with the shatter since i already bought a new window just in case . she probably was upset about the boundaries and you probably felt insecure about the relationship but i don't know what to say to be honest . also , you don't have to answer this question if you don't ... i saw an awesome boat the other day man-made from just garage tools and clay the man waved as he floated toward the horizon a glass full of hope as that boat went gliding when he waved at me he ... well the ne function in the image is what it feels like for me . yet , the descriptions i guess just don't click . ne : my mind is always running constantly and i am constantly doing things but i ... :) its a place that influenced me to want to study biology when i grow up . :) people go there and visit the sea lab to understand more things about the oceanic wildlife . it pretty much is a place to ... well what i meant that it happens only occasionally not always ... and it is like a flash . yet most of the time i think a lot about other people and what would be possibly be going on in the inside or ... hey lovelies ! so i don't think i am an nf and most likely an sp . the reason why would be because i have read and read about the enfp descriptions and for some reason the extroverted intuition ... hey lovelies ! so i don't think i am an nf and most likely an sp . the reason why would be because i have read and read about the enfp descriptions and for some reason the extroverted intuition ... 1 . not getting into a school you had to audition for was a very refining moment of my life . this school was supposed to enhance my art skills and bring me a lot of opportunities for my future . yet , ... intjs ! for some reason a-lot of people can be put off by there reserved introverted natures and be seen as dull and lifeless but really they are not that way at all on the inside . when you ... why do you say that ? i guess change the world one dobby at a time . :) the people who inspire me would be the people who create something and expand this creation to other aspects of life in a variety of fashion . this ... i am actually really glad that alot of people posted in this thread . so many beautiful comments ! i would say i am an open book . i don't have much to hide because generally i don't feel the need ... well for some reason i was thinking about this last night but it wasn't stealing random objects ... it was having clicheic or weird conversations with objects as if they were my friends ... for ... belle to me would be an infj / infp ariel : esfp < < < many esfps , when being controlled , usually feel as if the world or that person is against them . enfps on the other hand probably would definitely ... i just want to say ... * hugs * almost everything i did back then i think that ! :D another thing you can do is when you look at past profile pics ... my eyes because ! ! ! it can be a lot at times ... or school photos o . o you know ... story time : crazy : once upon a time there was a girl in elementary school who was too shy to walk up to a guy to tell him she has a crush on him ... instead she told her friends and her friends ... :) thanks everyone for responding ! getting to know introverts its hard ... especially infj's sometimes ! i have a friend who is an infj and ii have to do alot of magic tricks to bring her out ... her ... people tell me i am an open book and i just wanted to talk about it because i just want some help clearing up this mentality of thinking that intuitive are a lot more complex than sensors that i have ... mainstream its starts out exploring a fairy-tale misty in the distance and grows into a carnival experience for all try out all the rides awaiting you and once your tired and bored don't ... when i get irritated i can explode and become extremely rational to the point where people around me actully are taken aback by it . this is what i imagine going on in their minds enfp : has a ... i like different type for different reasons but i prefer : 1.infj 2.infp 3.intj 4.entp lets just call ya an infj for now and you see how its fits . :) btw your profile pic made me think of someone in a really awesome cheetah outfit because it seemed so frightened or shocked . maybe its ... exactly ! thats cool ! me too ! except i have an infj friend and an isfp best friend ! i love introverts :D what color do you think people would see you as or what color do you think would describe your presence in social situations ? this one girl out of the blue told me i reminded her of a very soft ... we can be friends :) it does feel as if everyone is taking advantage of you and that might because they are not real friends and they don't understand your awesomeness . as for the enfp's and esfp's , ... i do that to but i have a permanent home base so to speak . i have some very best friends who i share everything about me to and we dive into our own motivations and solve things together . other ... we need to put them in a maze ! that would actually be a cool idea for a movie :/ sort of have a tron / jigsaw vibe but not really the same thing because no one really dies . do harmless experiments ... i have an infj friend and she comes off as really compassionate and kind and extroverted but many times she tells me that she needs time alone and gets drained around alot of people which makes her a ... i have an infj friend and she comes off as really compassionate and kind and extroverted but many times she tells me that she needs time alone and gets drained around alot of people which makes her a ... so for some reason i was thinking about trees and nature and thought about how in environmental science class we never discussed anything new so that's why i was bored out of my mind when we were ... i have never started a thread like this but i decided it would be wonderful to have a nice demonstration of extroverted intuition . some sproutlings here and there will do the trick and soon we will ... if parallel universes exist then i wonder how this thread would have changed or if it even existed at all and if parallel universes existed then what is truth ? what is identity ? would is form based ... alright well it was nice talkng to you . interesting theory i really like what you said about in your first paragraph :) there are alot of different kinds of manipulation but i think the kind of manipulation most people don't realize is that kind of ... that is true ... a big part of these personality test is being able to be aware of motivations and who they really are . if you want i could take it again because earlier back i have been looking into ... do you think that would mean that this theory does have some holes then or is knowing just three functions enough even if one is totally out of place ? so you only looking at the first two functions ? becuase i looked at your forum and i compared it to mine and to the infp cognitive functions and it only lines up with fi-ne .. but it doesn't show much ... i thought that the enneagram was about the inner motivation ... so your saying that the functions in the mbti type are the inner motivations that are essentially matched with the motivations ennegram ... thats an interesting method but what if someone was 3w4 ? so do you think i am an infp then ? do nf's realize when we use manipulation ? usually nf's are very self aware if they are healthy so do you think you are aware when you use it ? also , if you do , how do you use it and why ? type 1 perfectionism | 18 % type 2helpfulness | | 58 % type 3image focus 42 % type 4individualism | | 90 % type 5intellectualism | | 54 % ... '