' try reading my post again . you missed a great deal . finger pointing and pouncing on people are also negative attributes . i am flattered you think the world would model their interpretation of ... no need to apologize . i am surprised so many missed the mark . it is a little shameful . hope the answers in this thread are what you were looking for . i understand , hence the clarification provided in my previous response .  ... just as you can react to situations that your action helped to construct ... covers that . what i am saying is that any ... i have been working at it for years . i have made progress , however , my inclination to avoid socializing and the manner in which i speak as certainly persisted . i happen to like the way i am , ... i would love to attend your party . however , i am sorry to inform you that there are beams of light shooting from my eyes . they generate so much heat that the beams are capable of cutting buildings ... surgically implant people with explosives , send them into the public , blow a few up , issue political warning that you require surrender or you will kill a great many people . use small cities or ... interesting question . i tend to be the person who never texts back . can't really say how i would feel in the reverse . best advice so far is from cassidy . don't bother thinking about it too ... that is a much too simplistic view . how much control do you really have over emotion ? sure you can react to it , just as you can react to situations that your action helped to construct , but to ... gladiator - all time favorite . inception titus equilibrium what dreams may come the why should be apparent . we are the only ones who treat it with the gravity that it deserves . after all , love shouldn't be fleeting and few understand the decision they are making . intjs ... all truth , no poise . reason ... it is shameful to admit ... but i avoid relationships unless i am pulled into them by emotion while my rational self is kicking and screaming . turns outout the box my emotions are typically shoved in ... 5w6 not special in the slightest . intuitive if i had to choose . i am terrible about my eating , sleeping , and hydration schedule . often going days without food . i do have a very large number of dark moods caused from excessive ... i hate those words . can't say why ... but even though people think i'm callous and cruel i am often described as such . i just don't get it . i am a man for reference . did my time in the military , ... i am actually in a predicament that fits this thread well . i have been interested in someone for a very long time . i had chances to be romantically involved more than once , and refrained . i now ... well , for me , i dislike manipulation for several reasons ... if i can get somebody to do / say / believe something without manipulation it brings validity to the things that i said / presented / display . i ... i entirely understand . no one functions on classic logic , this is something everyone should know . i have posted on failed relationships and my failed marriage . perhaps i was just having a bad day , ... i'll solve problems for them , and be there if i'm needed . listen and truly try to understand . it's funny , some fantastic posts in this thread said everything else i was going to ... anyone just ... generally takes me awhile to accept that i have failed . when i do , that is it . i do not believe i have a wall . i don't have anything to hide , i am certainly not shy , i just generally lack the capacity to care . on occasion i find that there is a person that is worth sharing ... the cold and ruthless bit are for lack of an imaginative writer i imagine . cold comes from logic , when you aren't careening off in every direction for unreliable emotional whims that is often ... cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 10.1 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) my response wasn't to my liking . editing in a new one . i approach the world with apathy . i don't look at people , and assume they don't matter . so ... i have never asked anyone out . anyway , with my brutal honestly and a never ending display of the ... well , even when it made me feel special i didn't particularly like it . i suppose it's my trust issues , my strong attachment to the way i have personally defined it , and the distinct lack of ... very good answer , and on i understand ... that is exactly why i want to hear it . i hope everyone has that same reservation . when i do hear it , i would like to really be able to believe it . i ... mercantilist - economies are important . especially in a world such as this . innovation and imagination are fantastic economic tools . success takes real thought , and it's reassuring to know that ... depends , once upon a time it made me feel extremely special ... when i assumed that my definition of love was equivalent to theirs . it isn't . so it's all just hyperbole . the sentiment is nice , the ... i don't really know what i would like to hear . i can say i would like whatever it is to be true , but the specifics aren't really that important . of course a huge list of compliments come to mind , ... nothing you have provided is new . don't worry , i didn't take it as an attack . there is a lot that you do not understand . all thought is colored by perception . perception is created by feelings , ... jxuptosae on deviantart a small sample of some of my work . all of it is rather old now ... and i have progressed greatly . believe what you like , but what would be my motivations behind lying to a bunch of people who have no consequence on my life , never will , and whose opinions only mean as much as i decided they should ... has plenty of merit . i forget to eat very often . matter of fact ... it's been 40 hours since my last meal ... cya later guys ... i suddenly feel hungry . what he was has no bearing on what it means to be any of the types . i don't think superiority has anything to do with it . the stereo type has to do with an approach to life . a great many people ... i doubt the first statement . obviously execution is something else for everyone , as there is no global ruler . sunlight is physically painful . i can't see if it is a bright day and the pavement is light in color . my sense of smell is terrible , i have intentionally dulled my ability to fell physical stimuli ... my retribution has come in many forms . i have hospitalized 3 people doing just that , and caused others to lose their children , jobs , home ... depends why i was pushed and how far . most of the ... my father was an alcoholic , my mother was incredibly self centered . i was placed into foster care and went through a large number of extremely abusive homes . took solace in books and knowledge . ... they are not better at any game . you have only given up . there is a difference between giving up and losing . in addition , the fact that you are lacking doesn't mean we all are . judging or perceiving http://www.myersbriggs.org/graphics/trans.gif this fourth preference pair describes how you like to live your outer life--what are the behaviors others tend to ... death , disease , destruction , despair , untimely deaths are viewed unfair , forever lost their souls are gone , no single soul can care for long , death doth wield an unruly mask , to take their ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyS4m4Ec7pg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr_B2IOUYSw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMe4kVNKvNk ... seeing someone else write exactly ( literally ) what you are thinking is a little strange . it's not something i think i will ever get used to . no measure of thoroughness will detract the possibility that something can be wrong . people aren't an exact science . being right most of the time is more than good enough . indeed , my home is already empty . without books ... well ... spartan wouldn't even begin to describe it . i like the tactile sensation that turning pages gives me . the smell is a bonus . perfect is imaginary . there will always be something better out there . accuracy is important . in regard to how i break the mold ... there is only one thing . i am a hopeless romantic . i am extremely conflicted on the matter . my perspective on love has been ... i have not read this thread and do not intend to . my answer is for the op specifically , and largely in direct response to the thread name as opposed to content . there is no point to life . ... - _ - i clicked the wrong link ... i'm going to slowly back away ... into the intj sub forum . '