' i . can't . get . you . out . of . my . mind . i have literally been thinking about your like crazy every since i met you and it's driving me insane and i feel so vulnerable because the feelings and ... hello ! uh i posted here before but i just wanted to ask for some insight . i've been talking to this intj . i am an enfp . things started out really dandy we talk about a lot of things and i'm ... enfp drawing , painting , digital painting , making music , listening to music , dancing , singing , gaming , cooking , exercising , hiking , trying to improve who i am as a person 24/7 , being near my loved ... 6 375730 3757 06 o . o hello it's a little dark dad : intj mom : esfj brother : infj me : enfp i love touching ... if it's the right people . friends and family , skinship is fine . i like hugging and leaning on shoulders or just being really close . but if it's someone i don't feel ... i think that your plan sounds solid .. interesting that he still texts you everyday yeah maybe try telling him how you feel when you feel that you're ready ideal partner for me would be someone who's willing to put up with my weirdness . someone who's understanding and open minded . is able to have deeper conversations about feelings and why the world is ... i like seeing people get hurt and hurting peoples feelings . just to reiterate , this thread is truly stupid . hello welcome ! ! glad you were able to discover your personality time and that it's been eye-opening ! i don't know what to think much about my own personality but definitely want to hone my ... i laugh like i'm gasping for air and sometimes it sounds like i'm crying . i think when something is really funny i laugh really loudly but i do get self conscious of my laugh lol . i have many ... i suck at socializing sometimes . when i'm in a group where i'm uncomfortable with the people i turn into a turtle and hide in my shell and cannot for the life of me bring myself to be the bubbly ... https://soundcloud.com/themusium/toki-asako-universe-song i want to think of you i ’ ll have my dream come true i heard it can pass through i think on forever i hope you think of me i always ... lol i thought it asked that too ... i'm so confused i desire for you to leave me alone i've given you my all of my effort and my sincerity . it was taken advantage of . you lied to me so many times . each time you message me it makes me want to ... tired , exhausted , trying to manage lots of stress and things i'm worried about toppling over my shoulders but i'm not really expressing that in my day to day trying to suppress that crippling ... well i guess when i initially read the poll i thought it would be honest hate as in like for example : someone who annoys you and shares different values that you're passionate about to a point where ... ^ yes also like making wishes 12:34 : 56 lol i've had no experiences of any of my wishes coming true but that's probably because a lot of my wishes aren't very realistic . apologies for the typo . intj guy . ah sorry i don't mean to interrupt any conversation going on .. but do any intjs happen to have any insight for me ? i've been talking to this intj guy , we always get along really well in person but ... people who troll about things like suicide or disabilities , or the ones who tell people to kill themselves online racist , homophobic trolls idk so many types of trolls that are no bueno lol i ... yeah actually a little part of me was thinking it's a red flag , but for the most part i didn't want to think it was anything but i guess it's unhealthy behavior . we already did kind of argue a ... this whole thread is so interesting with all sorts of different approaches , and replies o-o i'm currently talking with an intj and we've been going on dates and hanging out all the time i feel like ... i feel like it could be that she's at that point . i don't know , personally i wouldn't really joke about something like that but when i do have something to say that's really serious , i would try to ... everyone i've met who is an intj has been very easy for me to get along with somehow especially when we get past typical small talk like conversations and have deeper conversation there's a level ... i feel like i put up a facade around my parents i already know that they wouldn't really like how i normally am so i conditioned myself to just kind of fit into this mold of like what would they ... i have been so horrible with this . when it's someone i don't have feelings for , i overthink everything and freak out a little and just think of what i should do and get so overwhelmed that i just ... i was normal growing up and around the end of high school - college i gained a lot of weight . a lot considering how i was beforehand . recently this past year i've been making active effort to change ... ^ totally agree false love no question . honest hate is preferable . if someone didn't like me i'd like to know ! personally i love clarity even if it'd hurt me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3tn-hjYztc blu is amazing . hands down , i'm a huge fan . he's just as great in person too <3 i currently desire moving out and being independent ! i went to this beach around la jolla , probably a little south but it was the most magical and amazing place i've ever been to and ever since i've gone i haven't been able to stop thinking about it ... oh what ! that's awesome haha i don't think i've ever actually met people trying to identify their type but idk why i haven't haha ! interesting i don't think i know many intps , i know a few infps but ... lol yeah it's crazy some really good friends of mine are enfps as well , we found out after the fact we were friends but it's interesting and awesome and crazy haha thank you thank you , enjoying it a lot so far ! lurking around is really fun haha yay more enfp haha hellooo ! hello hello welcome ! : ghost 3 : hello fellow enfp ! :) hey dee ! welcome :) welcome ! yay ! i love colones i feel like lacoste has some pretty fresh scents that aren't too musky or strong idk scents that weigh more on the fresh side are always a thumbs up imo work my eyes are burning :) i've been here for so long now but it's good . making progress but really physically drained . also thinking of tonight ~ and tomorrow ! happy ... hi ! so to keep this simple , i'm an enfp and ever since i first discovered that i've tried taking the test a number of times within a span of 3 years but i've always gotten the same result lol so i ... '