' i am only sadistic towards other sadistic people . when someone gets what they deserve i feel relieve . it wasnt my intention to insult anyone with that stereotype about esfp's and pornstars . it's possible to give every mbti type a negative stereotype . and i dont think esfp's like to sit in front ... http://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20160624/e9886c40f09f8df27cd0002d3029eca.jpg skickat från min ipad med tapatalk mispost skickat från min ipad med tapatalk does anyone know where i can find the picture of the intp guy lifting weights while being extremely skinny ? sent from my ipad using tapatalk unhealthy intj = narcissist . esfp's are louder . sent from my ipad using tapatalk angry chicken @ bk . sent from my ipad using tapatalk having your head up in the clouds doesn't make you smart . sent from my ipad using tapatalk i don't envy their social awkwardness . sent from my ipad using tapatalk i can't . sent from my ipad using tapatalk when you are more interrested in checking ouy new gadgets on the internet rather than eating . sent from my ipad using tapatalk you know you are intp when you think you are good at typing people when you actually arent . sent from my ipad using tapatalk like things that are rationally obvious , but not emotionally obvious . sent from my ipad using tapatalk people who argue to win even if they are wrong . sent from my iphone using tapatalk when you spend your weekend on the internet . sent from my iphone using tapatalk stop trying to be something you're not sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i just have to share the stupidest intj joke i have ever heard . i know an intj who has a sister whos son killed his father . one day when the intj's sister and his wife had been out shopping ... why does the socionics relationship chart work so well with the mbti typing ? i ´ ve had this discussion with several people about some mbti intp ´ s being socionics intj and the other way around but i know i ´ m an intp in both . and i know my dual is esfp . and the best thing to ... what should i do if i am a male intp in a situation like this ? i don ´ t think i ´ m the only one who has been in this situation . in bad situations , wouldn't esfps just deal blow after blow to intps ' ... liars . enfp - not very practical and clumsy . softer voice . dreamy . esfp . want to make jokes . direct . probably the best solution . or introduce him to an hot esfp and he will forget all about you . ... when the library was your haven pre internet . ... when your biggest interrest is gossip . when you have three pair of pants in the same model but in different colours . '