' i love crewnecks and beanies . and combat boots . gotta have combat boots . when i'm high i vibe to music really hard . something like state of the art by gotye or metanoia by mgmt . i'm also an ab-soul , joey bada $ $ , danny brown , chance the rapper , schoolboy q fan . they're ... metanoia by mgmt what are your interests and hobbies ? porn / sex , mythology , psychology , music and literature , cooking , traveling , meeting new and interesting people , ancient history , etc . what kind of food do ... this is the only thing about being an entp that doesn't fit me . i have a quick temper . i get mad so easily and violently . cartoons and cereal - kendrick lamar mbti , porn , astronomy , mythology , philosophy , reading , ancient history , playing the cello , music and literature , cooking , and psychology bipolar narcissist estp or entj i get on christian chatrooms and pretend to be a devil worshipper * shrugs * octopi are intelligent and solitary . mysterios-ish it'd be nice to hear anyone else's opinion . if you don't like the animal i chose for your type , just replace it with another animal and your reasoning . i think intuitive was bad word choice on my part . infp and giraffes both share these traits : head in the cloud , socially awkward , only move in small packs or alone it's a matter of opinion not as in lazy , but as in relaxed and calm . yeah maybe . i think infps personify giraffes because they both have a calming , non-confrontational sense about them . to me , giraffes can be caring and intuitive . so i saw a thread similiar to this somewhere , and i thought it was really neat . in the thread i saw , someone asked people to match animals with cognitive functions . i decided to do the same thing but ... so i saw a thread similiar to this somewhere , and i thought it was really neat . in the thread i saw , someone asked people to match animals with cognitive functions . i decided to do the same thing but ... so i saw a thread similiar to this somewhere , and i thought it was really neat . in the thread i saw , someone asked people to match animals with cognitive functions . i decided to do the same thing but ... so i saw a thread similiar to this somewhere , and i thought it was really neat . in the thread i saw , someone asked people to match animals with cognitive functions . i decided to do the same thing but ... slytherin http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMfPJT4XjAI i love frank ocean http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s26qTrH2atA i have a fear of growing old i might be in love . but i'll never admit it entp your aspie score : 130 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 92 of 200 you are very likely an aspie hi . i'm a type 5 entp , and whenever i see an entp i check to see what type they are . most entps are type 7s and 8s . sometimes i see other types . but rarely do i ever see a type 5 . what is it about ... i have a fear of failure . of never being good enough . of being all talk , and when it comes down to it , not being as good as i thought i was . i have a fear of simplicity . i couldn't bear living a ... red-it just says fuck you to me . i like that green-it says i'm down for anything to me . i like that . yellow-honestly , i don't know . black-i think black is a powerful colorful grey-i don't ... i'm a virgo . and i don't realate to any of the so-called virgo traits . i'm obsessed with avatar : the last airbender and the legend of korra too ! slytherin or ravenclaw . i think i've been battling depression for a couple of years . i always go through long periods of time when i feel like giving up , because nothing is worth it . when i only feel like sleeping . usually ... i'm obsessed with anything greek or roman . i love the mythology , the society ... everything . it completely fasinates me . and of course , i'm obessed with mbti . i took one just now ; scored a 120 . i guess that's not bad . well before , my avatar was a colorful flower ... not because i like flowers , but because it was really colorful . and i love lots of bright colors . i changed my avatar because i felt like my new one ... 3/10 i see nothing creative about a cat you're right . it's just that i'll be applying for colleges soon and i have no clue what schools i should consider attending , or what type of classes i should take . i have many interests , but i don't ... when you stop to marvel at how amazing you are ... cause , of course , you are . introversion 46 % 43 % i do feel this way . there are so many things i want to do with my life , and i know i only only choose 1 . it's depressing because i feel like somewhere in my life i'll be settling , and i hate to ... pissed ... couldn't think of anything better i hate when people tell me shit i already know . ex : - make sure you put the juice back in the fridge after you pour yourself a glass . - don't forget to put your clothes in the dryer . - ... my sister is an enfp . we get along fairly well . we think alike most of the time , but sometimes we clash because she cares about people's feelings and such when i could care less . so i come off as ... if you think hip hop music is just about ass shakin ' nowadays , you're not listening to the right rappers . don't get me wrong , i like to party , so ass shakin ' music is alright with me . i like music ... everybody has a birth date . don't try to be stupid and say you don't . here's a cute little test that gives you a birth number . i want to know what my fellow entps number's are . so post your ... adventurous rose-vampire academy alexa-alexa montgomery saga how do you figure out your instinctual subtype ? my short temper often gives me doubts . i get mad quickly and intensly '