' i find i'm happier with minimal planning . i feel like my work weeks are planned enough that ... well , maybe i'm just happy come time in between to just veg and enjoy the fact that i don't have to ... keep in mind conundrum 94 that while i don't necessarily agree with tigerfella's abrasive approach , you can adapt it to make it work . often times , we give advice based on things that we know work for ... i can say looking back on how i've been until i was like 25 was more noticeably ti based , but i think that came from having an intj dad whose thought processes i could relate to much more easily than ... this goes back to the whole situation that polexiasmallpox brought up in the first place : some women were talking about their views , situation and behavior , then she presented the fact that she ... i'm gonna guess it's because you struck an insecurity nerve with her and she needs to have a sense of belonging or unity . because you've shown that it's possible to act on that feeling of ... not sure if i speak for anyone else , but i do not , in fact , trust you on this . hopping into the infj forum and attacking them with vague anecdotes is not going to establish any trust or credibility ... i think the first reason she would have lost whatever feelings for you is because you were trying to get her attention and when you didn't get it , you bounced . anyone prospective friend who gives me ... i find i'm especially needy for that kind of reassurance when the relationship is just starting out or when you're in the dating but not official yet stage . usually that comes from asking how ... i'm curious as to 1 ) what you did 2 ) how she reacted 2a ) short term 2b ) long term do tell , sir scientist ! explain how ! seconded ! sex is something that i view as a fun thing to do that is also a sacred thing . everything i do to show affection for someone is absolutely sacred - i don't kiss people lightly and i ... it's totally a fancy thing realizing , the world is not you . even moreso when you find out you're infj ... and 99 % of the world is not . most people don't cling to much of anything the way we do ... when it isn't enough for you to know someone likes you - you have to know why . and until you know why , you can't appreciate the beauty in the fact that they do . lyrics that say i don't know what ... i'm really curious as to how you feel your perceptions have changed about the people you've come across , now that you see the same people more often as opposed to hi , interaction , by forever that ... just let her know you're around and that you'll give her space . tell her you understand she might want some space and you'll be happy to hear from her when she's ready . if she says you aren't to ... i manage a call center ... fun stuff . i get out a couple times a week doing karaoke at bars ( which i'm pretty good at ) ... else i sit at home and do my introverted thing . go out for walks , get to the ... :( behind a screen hasn't had so much success . no idea how anyone will find me unless i wear a shirt that says infj on it ... hah . rochester , ny i've been floating around on okcupid for like a year and a half and have only had one or two meaningful exchanges , both of whom were with people i wasn't terribly interested in and then ended up ... welcome annabee and words set ! the general consensus that i pick up from reading online and then examining my past relationships is that s types are bad for most ns , but certainly for infjs . i think i've dated an isfp , isfj , ... i find i've been wrong enough times about the end-game enough that i don't believe what i believe is the only course of action . i'm still right often enough to trust what i think for the most part , ... the urge to fix imo comes from the constant desire to see our perfect worlds ( ni ) become reality ( se ) . this is part of our drive to run out and be * the protectors that we are - - even if that means ... i don't know any other infjs , male or female . i've only known about mbti for a few months , so i've gone through a good chunk of my life ( almost 28 now ) having not looked for that . it's generally ... i don't hate the moment . it's harder to live in the moment when you're concerned about how present state x will affect possible futures y , z , and omega . i mean ... when i'm bored , i tend to just ... i can't help but wonder if this might be bad for him . everyone's different , but from the one time i ended a relationship , it ended up being pretty ugly because i tried being friendly with her after ... isn't that ironic ? in order to be findable , i shouldn't hide behind a computer screen . so if i go out , then i ... sit there and look brooding ? i won't do that . not as noticeable to be typical ... i'm generally pretty formal , but i recognize when certain forms of slang help enhance communication ... adds dramatic flair , personalization , that sorta thing . i sometimes type as i speak for a more ... i don't always get envious , but when i do , i prefer dos equis . in all seriousness , it really only comes up when i see someone has something that i want and feel like i should have first . it's ... i do not , in fact , eat at joes . that would be wayyy too cliche , hahaha i made pancakes somewhat recently at a lady's request that i learn . i'm more of a french toast kinda guy , but had to be true ... of course . though ... not something that needs to be said so much as something that needs to be screamed from every mountain top :) just sets a daily challenge of having to break the mold of what ... yep . for example , as a stereotypical guy , i'm expected to go out and get the girl . if i'm out at a bar , it's expected that i go find a chick i've just met , buy her a drink , and start a ... there's apparently supposed to be an apparent pre-disposition for me to absolutely love this , but ... well , i absolutely love this . these posts are no less than fucking hysterical . thank you , ... rainbowgirlali - take the capital letter and reference that to intuition / sensing vs feeling / thinking - - take the lower case letter ( i / e ) to reference the direction ( introverted / extroverted ) . they ... i'm surprised to see 6 out of ( if my mental math is intact at this hour ) 91 people typing as infjs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIX-rI-9quM this stood out to me . i think there's a lot of strength to be had in simply identifying a problem , actually . some people ( not necessarily you , but people in general ) very much appreciate the ... ^ ^ so important . especially since we're so different :/ the tremendous upside to this is if you can spend your introvert time effectively enough to figure out what it is that you want independent of ... having to doubt something like that sucks . suppose you need to answer these questions , then : why are you going to school for it ? what interests you in being a linux admin ? why should you feel ... absolutely the same way . the first time i found out was just when a bunch of us decided to take the test - - then as we explored our results , we were all like holy crap , that is totally me and ... well , that certainly sounds lucrative and productive . it sounds like you're already doing what you need to in order to get to where you want to go ... is there something you feel like you're missing ? ... ohhh . i haven't come from the job loss part , but certainly had a taste of not knowing what i wanted to do in life - coming out of college , had a degree in computer science but had decided i didn't ... i totally agree with this . although i feel like i'm hypersensitive to girls having feelings for me ( sometimes i figure it out before they do ... ) , it would blow my mind if a girl approached me being ... i don't know if you haven't brought it up because you feel like it's something you just need to put behind you or maybe you're just waiting for someone to ask , but ... as i haven't seen anyone else ... i think i've been able to avoid the missing sense of purpose more or less because i figured out relatively early on that i'm an ultimate relationship hunter . i know that that's the most important ... first - adorable avatar second - yeah , i know this feeling well ... been through that a few times , sometimes with different people , sometimes with the same person . ugh :/ totally need to find your type . i would happily listen to this kind of thing for daaays lol i can tell you i feel like i'm going through that right now , where i was super excited to go out and see people yesterday ( went out , bar , karaoke , fun times ) . today , i don't want to see anyone or do ... jeeze , the ladies here are ridiculously good looking ! i don't know any other infjs - i suspect maybe one or two people i know , but gosh . i'm floored . joining the crowd ! wooo ! 139593 1396 01 ... sounds totally normal to me - at least among infjs . we frequently need to just withdraw from people and have me time - which is usually spent just recharging from being around people . introverts ... '