' ^ make me lol a lot because it really really true . ( post deleted ) i think i post many silly things here , so i think i should leave the forum for a while . i want to delete the previous one but they don't allow me to delete . in my language forums , i'm a ze grammar nazis lol ( that's why i don't get angry when they notice about my poor grammar , i admit ) but i post in a kind word because they prefer making an excuse to ... one benefit of joining this forum is to develop my english , in addition to learning about these stuff ( in my country there're not any forums like this , so i seek them in other language . ) before i ... okey , i think it's time to explain more . first , yes i'm not a native english speaker . i come from thailand . we learn english as our second language but not intensive much . they teach us simply ... thank you , because english isn't my native language , i would make error sometimes i'll fix it . ( new knowledge :) ) a person who i refer is my mother ( isfp - i'm strongly sure she's an artist . ) ... why do you think i'm not ? , please explain . ( i'm gathering all replies and some articles for analysis now . i want your explaination as one of my information too . ) i doubt my self being between intp and infp . i've feeling i know , sometimes i care others feeling , i try to find the word which don't hurt their feeling.but on the other side i know myself that my ... sukiyaki buffet with my old friends , lazanya too . ... @ dagnytaggart most of all , thanks for your advice this's another side of pov which make sense too , i'll gather as one of my informations ( my p-ish is working :) ) personally , i choose solution 1 ... yes , you say right about this . lack of self-confidence in one of my problem too . it happens everytime after i finish the exam even a subject which i think i'm good at . when my friends , my teacher or ... i've experience that too , after i click submit button loading bar run slowly and next ' error 404 not found ' - - ; ; i really understand you and thanks for your reply so much ^ ^ . i read the article ... 1 . that's me , my dad is istj ( i just doubted his i - e function recently . ) and my mom is isfp . so i tell you it can happen ( but i don't think it happens by genetic . ) 3 . from my perceiving , ... i like this , that hit my mind . my light side ... let me think ... understand things easily , figure out how things work quickly ( is it the same ? ) , good listener , bi-lingual as you have said ( but i'm ... this's my bad trait , i just realize that i tend to compare myself to others who better than me.when my friend asked me for advice if others give her an advice which i think it more make sense than ... i really think i not good or useful enough for anyone or anything a lot . like there're people who better than me you should find others who more compatible with you i not good for this stuff ... another intp nice to meet you :) the different about intp and infp is ti and fi function , you can read about them in this forum , there're many articles and threads here . thx for your nice welcome :) hello ! as you see my username , you can call me chii most of all , i'm not a fluent english speaker ( i'm from thailand , where has the worst flood with the worst administration now . :d ry :) ... do you wear a lot of makeup ? - no , i don't . do you spend a lot of time on your hair in the morning ? - no , i don't . i just set them in form by little brushing . do you wear acrylic or gel tip ... <--- isn't cutesy enough ? ( but i pick her because of her smart & curious trait not cutesy . ) i very annoy - love at first sight plot . - unrealistic romance plot - unreasonable plot - heart over head charactor . - over erotic plot . - repetitious plot * * * . ( although it different in detail ... who's narrow - minded . who's don't accept other opinion . bossy man . and soap-opera tv programs . i agree with you , i can't stand who don't accept this . but i'm intp : tongue : she's chi from comic chi's sweet home . she's very curious , clever cat . first time i read i misunderstood that she is a tomcat because of her over curious and adventerous character . most of all ... while your hand hold a textbook to read for tomorrow exam , your head is full with many bubbles of idea which as much as you can imagine . when you use internet for download e-book , read a ton of wikipedia articles more than go chit-chat with people , update your status on facebook . i can't agree with you more lol and she come in , point and point and point to everything which she feel it's disorganize and i stare blank at her while think it's my room , isn't it ? but my mom ... when tomorrow isn't too late to get the job done . when you feel annoy j partner who always upset when the plan is suddenly change ( i always wonder why don't they try to adapt for their own sake ? ) study hard for tuesday exam tt you know you're intp when you have a hard time writing down romantic or extreme emotion part in your story / novel . you know you're intp when you'd prefer to create many new plots rather than ... my mom do it a lot . she smile , nod her head but i know she don't agree with me or others . you know you're isfp when you desire to play a computer game because it only has beautiful & fantastic ... you know you're introverted when you around with a balk of people you pretend to sleep because you don't want to watch a huge chaotic outside . i do it a lot but i listen every sound that surround ... i know and accept that , human is a socialize creature . but i can't do it naturally when i try , it looks like i fake to them . so i still quiet look around for observing . that why they say that to ... this thread makes me realize who am i ? i haven't fi part in myself anymore . lol you're stupid , you're absolutely wrong stupid because i just think in diffirent way from him . ( my istj dad ) :d ry : you need to make friend with others , smile and talk with them from ... my mom and my friends tell me like that . sometimes i use my umbrella likes a cane , i illogically love it . edit : old man --> old lady i always wear plain polo shirt with dark-color trousers and black converse . i like people who - don't cling to me all the time . - have a deep-thought , logical solver - non-materialism - honestly - don't drive me crazy with explosive emotion - the most important - ... yes , it happens alot . expecially when i teach my friends something ( after i teach once they never asked me for teach them again but copied my answer . tt ) when i start it's like all topics flow ... ^ ^ it happened in my english class year ago . it liked a sound from hell . omg ! i hate this . recommended ' honey & clover ' it's the one of ' slices of life ' anime i think it's very very good > < it presents the meaning of life , friendship , many point of views about love etc . it makes me ... 5-9- 4 : reclusive , modest , discreet and quite dreamy and unassertive , such fives possess a vast imagination in which they spend most of their time among their theories , fantasies and vivid memories ... i love black . it's peaceful and mystery colour for me , just liked the dark peace sky in the night . almost my items are black . it has hapened many times when i give advice to my mom . after i give her advice , i let her solve it by herself , my job has already done . e-books ( 95 % ) my story ( i write a novel ) ( 5 % ) total 2 gb :p roud : it's very very true . i saw the first episode with my friend two years ago and it very very poor movie , don't expect me to see the next with you anymore . : angry : with intj to make them to reality . and istp to fix our computer devices , any broken machines and maintenance them all the time . dream job - doctor , programmer , web designer cerrent job - study in faculty of law very very bored . : bored : when - you stick at your computer all day for reading the articles on wikipedia . - after you know that you are an intp , you search everything about intp article , video etc . - you feel it hard to ... '