' thetechman if it's due to circumstances ? [ / quote ] what does that mean ? i take forever to decide when it comes to large decisions . i weigh current pros and cons , thenjoy future pros and cons , speculate about unforseen circumstances etc etc . i try to counteract all ... in general , i feel that marriage is an unnecessary social construct designed to trap men and their resources . let's face it , divorce is a multi billion dollar business and there's approx a 50 % ... asking him what he thinks and how he feels is a great start to get him to open up . as great as it is that you want to help , it's best that he seeks professional help from a therapist though . you ... i'm open to a conversation about anything that has some substance . as long as the conversation doesn't start with the weather or work , it's usually a good sign . i played guitar in a band back in high school . we played mostly alternative rock . i have stage fright though so i never performed in front of a crowd . we jammed nearly everyday though and therefore ... my two favorite sports are american football and hockey i usually know what my feelings are but i rarely verbalize them . i don't like how vulnerable it makes me feel . i think it depends on how the relationship ended . if someone ever cheated on me then i would never get back into a relationship with them , regardless of how sorry they are . i would hook up with an ex for sex , but i have never got back into a relationship with an ex . i didn't say they were perfect :) absolutely not . it's too risky given the fact that anyone can be falsely convicted in the current judicial system . perhaps there could be an exception made for prisoners whom have admitted guilt , and ... here's another good resource explaining the history of mgtow . there's a video at the bottom of the page as well . https://www.mgtow.com/history/ agreed . that's no one elses issue but their own though . the people bitching about the new age of robotics and ai are the same people that have no specialized skills to do anything else . i'm sorry , ... i see the advancement into robotics and ai as a positive . even if some rudimentary jobs are eliminated due to automation , new jobs will present themselves , such as maintenance , programming , ... flyincaveman pretty much nailed the se experience of an istp , in my opinion . as far as your question / statement regarding ne / se . the way i see it is that ne is focusing on what could be , making ... for those who are interested in checking out the red pill documentary , by cassie jaye . here's a link for you ; the red pill ( 2016 ) - imdb short trailer : ... i was just recently introduced to the red pill movement via a documentary produced by former feminist , cassie jaye . my views come from the perspective of said documentary , and not the reddit version ... there is no resource more valuable than time . you could make an argument for money , gold , oil , water , food , etc , and i think you could make a strong case . think about the resource of time for a ... commitment , deep waters , not being good enough , thought of being unsuccessful , getting back stabbed by someone close , and cardboard ... ok , so i'm not actually afraid of cardboard , i just can't stand ... really , nothing ? you lot are a hard bunch to get a handle on . yes , my social life is almost non existent right now . i have plans to join a couple groups ( board games , hiking , outdoor adventures etc ) , and hopefully make some new friends . i'm procrastinating with ... i have a facebook account , and i used to regularly frequent the site , but i deactivated my account almost a year ago , and haven't looked back . i saw a wild fox tonight . they're pretty rare to see around my area . you're much more likely to see a deer or coyote . people with standards far above their own level and / or ability . people who want the moon and the stars , but have nothing to offer in return . stuck up , narcissistic , self indulged wieners , who look ... huna - feeling alright right now , thanks to the holidays . b_h - i've thought about getting into snowboarding , but i've never been a huge fan of the cold that winter brings . i love animals . sometimes i get into a mode where i just watch videos from the natgeo channel . ( lions , crocodiles , bears etc ) . i don't think there's an animal i really don't like . maybe the sloth ... huna - no , i have been bottled up inside my place for quite some time . i have started to do some searching around for some local groups to join ( hiking , board games , meditation / yoga , etc ) . i think i ... ryosuke 93 - i totally agree . i have a journal that i use for pretty much what you stated ; writing down my thoughts and ideas , brainstorming , etc etc . i have referenced the information a few times , ... pwowq - it's funny you mentioned the move , because i've been thinking about making a move for quite a while now , but have been waiting to get a few of my ducks in a row . i feel like things are ... so i just landed a new job where i get to work from home , and i'm super grateful and happy to have landed such an amazing opportunity . i started last week , and i'm still in shock about it all . ... i would like to give myself an opportunity to meet a couple of estj types in my area , and hopefully hit it off . i'm trying to expand my circle of friends , and maybe even get lucky and meet a lifetime ... if the task is new , but still repetitive , i can withstand it for a little while , and then i start to have feelings and thoughts of extreme dislike . i do try and introduce a little variety into my ... nah . porn is too easy to come by today . you used to have to work for it . ( ie .. sneak into the nudie section at the movie store ) i just wanted to make sure i distinguished sexual relationships from friendships . i'm interested in data regarding sexual relationships , not the latter . i'm curious to know what my fellow istp members ' interest level is in regards to sexual relationships . i've attached a poll and would appreciate your feedback . top of the heap for me would be liars , backstabbers , dishonesty , disloyalty and hypocrites . interesting observations . i have been through some tumultuous times in my life , no doubt . although , i think mostly everyone has been through some bad times . if you come out the other side , you come ... i haven't been gaming for a few years now , but a few of my favorite games to play were ; fallout series , bioshock series and oblivion . - the thought of committing to something forever , without an opportunity to get out , should the circumstance call for an early exit - high emotional conflict and confrontation with strangers . i get ... jeez that's a tricky one , but i'll give it a shot ... - when checking out at walmart , i'm not constantly asked to apply for a walmart mastercard and / or make a donation to charity that's currently ... materialism i personally find that the majority of our society is focused on obtaining things to no end . chasing the latest gadget , upgrading cars , homes , other material possessions etc . it's a ... introspective as an istp , i'm always reflecting inwards . analyzing situations , people and things is an everyday occurrence . heck , i even analyze my analysis on a frequent basis . diploma in computer networking . i graduated in 2009 , and have been in and out of the field ever since . i've had a few setbacks with bad employers , and injuries , but i'm currently looking to get back ... my life ... but that's an ongoing thing that may never be fixed . =/ effenelle - no car no house no pets no spouse . you're a natural dr seuss though ! impavida - retirement before the age of 45 would be a pretty incredible achievement . i think most people ... would you say that you guys live the standard life with a typical 40hr per week job , a family with a home , a pet , and a car or two parked in the driveway ? do you sit down and have meals with your ... first off , is that you in your profile pic ? if so , that's awesome ! ok then ... on to the question . i think if the voice inside of your head is telling you that something isn't right , and you start ... i've also had the fail of taking a computer mouse apart to clean , but not being able to get the damn thing put back together , and working . i've taken a ps4 controller apart one time to fix an ... i'm currently going through a bout of depression . the trigger for me seems to be a chronic injury that forced me out of my last job , and has yet to heal after two years of rehab . i feel like this ... '