' the warcraft civilization : social science in a virtual world it's a dandy of read ! perhaps you should take a gander ! * points finger right at you ! * coffee shops , abandoned warehouses , puppet based live drama's and grandma's knitting club / support group . backyard bbq's , melon samples , sword fights , movies about success , indian beads , enchanted furniture , two hand touch croquet , pasta with friends ( and uncles ! ) , invertebrate , top hat adventures , and ... i'll play what i can ! with you ! my friends ! with me i tend to dress that kinda makes people do a double take . it's subtle , yet still has a flair of strange . t-shirts from good will that make little to no sense , and jackets that scream classy ... i am actually struggling with this right now . i feel less then average ... but i do know that is this due to some major damage to my heart . but i wish there was a way to feel unique again ... i haven't ... i tend to write here and there . i have way to many story ideas compared to what i have accomplished . i love it though , the writing , not so much the writers block and the waiting around until ... i'm a lefty for sure . one of them crazy liberals ! * ghost noises and shaky hands * naw i'm pretty far from being an extremist . - the venture bros . - batman the animated series - freakazoid - daria - eek the cat - thunder cats - swat cats - samurai pizza cats - felix the cat oi ! let me tell you , i was doing pretty good at keeping myself busy and coping with my loss ... but the thing about divorce is that there is always something legal or so ready to rip at your healing ... i have found over the last year or so that i have had a strong pull on : house plants mannequins ( the kind that end halfway through the torso . ) male creepers ( asked me if i needed a ride , nice ... this is very true for myself as well . it's very frustrating to know the problem and have no idea how to fix it . i'm pretty sure , in my case , is that i need to work with others . i need people to get ... testing the really works on space booster pack on the new action chet , space adventures repulsion pack . it's looking good for the holidays ! time for you to take some time off from the rest of the world . it only for a little while . recoup and gather your thoughts . i would suggest taking up croquet or snake charming . both very therapeutic ... that lizard man took that rock right to the chest ! incredible ! i tend to dabble in the literary arts . and when i become intertwined with inspiration , i can write things that can make a cabbage weep ... some would argue that it's just the water from the produce ... i understand this feeling for sure . i am deathly afraid that i will die without accomplishing any of my many projects . i know that is area that i live in has very little to offer me . in fact if you ... i can't think about getting blood work done without feeling the need to pass out . but luckily for me , i will always pass out before i throw up , but that doesn't mean i don't deal with the queasy ... thanks very much . odds are i will have some questions here soon . you are granted a most excellent thumbs up . i think i can apply the term organized mess , for my living situation . every where . writing ideas , scraps with doodles , opened mail , pens , alchemy supplies , coffee mugs , and papers that i have ... wow ! this is most helpful . i am actually moving to portland within like 2 months . i've done a lot of research on it , but it's always good to hear someone talking very highly of the place . and it's ... i personally can't stand it when there is roughage between me and someone and will almost automatically feel the need some sit down and discuss this until all their true feelings have come pouring ... i would have to say peter pan . i think that character inspired me through out all of my childhood . twas all the adventure and flying , being completely free , with nothing to tie him down . i wanted ... i was a wacky weird child , this is for sure . what started out as a defense mechanism , turned into who i actually enjoyed being . i was always talking in a variety of weird voice , and saying outlandish ... usually a running start followed by a thrusting of ones shoulder into my abdomen thus knocking me to the ground , windless and stunned will do the trick . then i am rendered defenseless and ready to be ... what sort of abilities ? you can take a traffic jam and make it flow like a river ? one thing that i have come to learn is that i shouldn't push it the wacky happy waves . it seems that when i do this i tend to become awkward , and uncomfortable . i don't recall people noticing this ... applying ointment . soothing . i was talking to me dear twin sister totally bella 6000 , when she said something about as enfp's , it often feels like the world expects us to be ' up ' like it is our roles in life ... she did write ... checking the harvesters for my uncle owen ... looks like the academy will have to wait another season . i have been called eccentric here and the in the past ... mostly when i was going through my rickshaw and top hat phase .   ... i had a peacock then ... i miss that peacock ... now here is a guy that i could use to take a bullet for me . : wink : i have never cheated nor been wishy washy in a relationship . i have been tempted before , but i just could never bring myself to fall to it . i just can't do that to someone . especially the someone ... building a time machine outta a sausage maker in hopes of delivering braunschweiger to the ages ! thanks very much for the chin up and support from all . again my wounds have been ripped open , but at least i have this anger now . and i'm told that it is a very powerful salve for healing . i plan on ... well i have hit another speed bump , one that put me on the side of the road . it has been about three months since all this divorce fun went down , and actually about 4 days ago it was supposed to be ... i know , i will survive it . i have , indeed , dug out my sun lamp and have been bathing in it constantly ... speaking of which , i need to go buy more body wash ... anyway ! it's wonderful . i take it ... the air stopped . it just stopped . sara didn't know how else to explain it . in fact the world seemed to stop . people who once where traveling along fulfilling their daily routines , embarking on new ... i can't believe we have to wait until the end of the year for that crap . they might as well have said 2013 . what a huge disappointment . * puts the 2012 tree back in the attic * taking a journey into strange and dangerous lands with iron maiden . ape's ether bunny kit , eh ? i feel i must purchase this in a bulk supply . finally the mailman ! your gonna get yours ! anyways , thanks for the link , lol . i have been looking into it and i still feel ... your enthusiasm is outstanding ! man , if you would take that and turn that into some sort of caffeinated beverage , i'd be buying a bulk supply . : laughing : thanks pal . hi there , i invented a board game complete with rules , pieces and fun . does anyone here have any sort of idea of how i can go about getting this thing into the eye of the public without being ... look for the laser light show and a kabuki theater interpretation of the travels of luis and clark . trying not to lose my mind due to this house selling jazz ! after this , i'm pretty much done partaking in the adult game . it be a renters life for me to the end of me days ! well said , my good man . well said . : laughing : i am terrible with my flirting ... and by terrible , i am told , that i am ruthless . but the way i see it is i just want to make people laugh and feel good about themselves , so i guess i come off as a ... this is very true in my case . but ! when i get ever so angry it feels as if the structure around me could just collapse from my sheer anger . i can feel my eyes ice over and burn at the same time . i ... to some how rid the world of work schedules and free up more time for our own passions . ah-ha ! today , is the day that ( at least for a day ) i have bested fall ! take that you heartless jerk ! i actually decided to leave my room . i know , talk about getting crazy . i actually had to write a ... '