' what do i try not to say ? half the things that pop into my head ... unless the person i am talking to has somehow managed to lose all of my respect ( certain estj ... ) then there is no filter . it's ... dear estj , why must you come back into my life ? i was really happy having you exist only in my gmail inbox . you look like a fairy with those peircings now , btw . dear intp , you frikkin expect ... i would pay off my mom's house and buy the extra one my grandparents have so that i could live in it . i would buy my dream car : ... jack . connor . rene . krista . well , i was affirmed in my istp-ness when i realized i was spending hours upon hours of my time thinking about how to sabatoge my dad's wedding ... and not one of them aforementions ways involved ... the general opinion seems that we are indifferent ... in my experience , there are only 1 or 2 people i really don't like , and it took me years to come to this conclusion . otherwise , i tend to find ... dear forum , i'm baaack ... dear entj , that way you very sweetly put your arm around my shoulders and guided me away from your little brother and my little sister ... yeah , that was out of character enough to dispell doubts ... dear entj , : kitteh : . your touch-phobic self put your arm around me yesterday ... we're both really excited about this project . we make a great team , you know that ? sincerely , your istp a meetup would be awesome . i just need to age nine months > . < dear infj , damn opposite coast thing . sincerely , istp dear estj , * sniff * i'm going to miss you :'( . come back to visit soon . idaho is too far away . sincerely , your best friend . dear istj , surely you see the irony . you're complaining about the behaviors your istj dad exhibits , but you have to realize you exhibit the same behaviors . you both have short tempers , are prone ... triple frustration ... which explains a lot march , on michelanglo's birthday :P dear entj and intp , i used to think i was smart . and then we started talking . now i think that if i'm smart , you guys must be fucking geniuses . my n needs development , i know , i know . i'm ... man on a ledge the darkest hour is it bad when you laugh during drama movies ? bwahahaha ! they'll never see it coming . dear intp , haha , that was priceless . what made it better was that it took your little sister and the infj to catch that we both said i like you to each other . i'm fairly certain the intent ... i chuckled embarassedly after it took me a full minute to comprehend that little thing ... i see what you did there ... finally ... lol . thanks everyone ! ! dear self , huh . i didn't know you were still that sensitive . what was up with the breaking down and crying ? you haven't done that in ages . i was pretty sure you'd gotten over it . all of it . guess ... sabriel , by garth nix . when i try to log in on the home page , it gives me an invalid url message . if i try logging in again from that screen , though , it works . that same thought occured to me this morning . i'm glad i told him i did . context : i said i didn't trust anyone with my emotions , or even anything beyond that . then he asked if i trusted him . so , there's this intp boy i know . we do taekwondo together . we've never really connected before but a few weeks ago we started talking and i don't think we've stopped since . the things we talks about ... dear entj , 3 times . first time , you gave me the little bolt you found in the popcorn bag as a symbol of your undying affection . second time , you asked me to move my beautiful self so you could ... dear intp , let's do this thing ! you've got me excited now . all i can think about is staying up for twelve days straight . how are we going to do this ? when are we going to do this ? you've got me ... they might start out fighting epically , a battle full of existential tirades from the entj and witty one-liners from the istp . indeed , they would be almost evenly matched , taking into consideration ... yep ! it could be because the sensation of the hand on the mouth area is highly stimulating and something makes us naturally seek that out . or we're just too lazy to hold our heads up . wootwoot ! i think of you every time a see a corgi .. weird ? maybe ... lol , congrats thanks for a wonderful site , happy ! have one on me . https://encrypted-tbn0.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT47qr45KJdxJc5DdzLPEv4V1q8OJVilP70SxUTB6NCJoA6-kRK https://encrypted-tbn0.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSNujwSLAu5Sb5rCpqyL3BMqs8bCZut7pgAQLnOQ74FZuQS2LkIfg https://encrypted-tbn3.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR0ywK6j3MO_TgGc88WinNMnkyiHCul3BwW-Lf6TKDdszO-eIHCOQ http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRzh7oLu8vaGNAPrqjumQ9LsNVoJhPA0F7Z83r5YLXm-I5o-cSj http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR6I-MpiSw3JlUPhsF8kur7wz2ub7il_I_DaIYulV1FA8TLf71e http://t2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQlh-Pb8ITLxzrM45UQEXDZE5XX1EVTL4_rGwQaQiZyozDIHPceWA dear ixxx , you look like a vampire . it's weird . your teeth are all pointed and your eyes are black . and you drink like's there's no tomorrow . stay away from my neck . sincerely , istp you get me and my best friend . best fights ever ! he may be the only person more stubborn than i am . sparks fly . universes are created . the world as we know it is endangered and rescued in three ... dear entj , bah . i will not allow it . there isn't much i won't bend on , but this is something ! you can't have characters that don't change ! you have to have them grow . you have to have them be in ... dear people i ate lunch with , hahahahahahahahahaha . you guys are awesome . me , putting a bag of oreos down in front of three guys . estj guy : “ oh , oreos ! ” enfx guy : “ no , they ’ re mine ! she ... i care intimately about a fair number of people . do it . post something you did or thought that was so very un-istp-like . when playing the devil's advocate in arguments is second nature to you . when someone starts a sentence with i feel like and you think oh hell , here we go again . when you discover , to your relief , that putting in your headphones makes people stop talking to you . dear intp , unwittingly , you paid me the highest compliment by saying i think like a guy . which was followed by a fascinating discussion on hormones , anatomy , and evolution . that conversation ... estp : meh ! dear forum , if you're of the religious bent , i ask that you pray for a family friend of mine . her cousin was murdered today by a mental patient she was nursing . i didn't know her personally , but i ... dear dad's girlfriend , first off , there's no way in hell you're an intj . try enfp on for size . secondly , i really , really wanted to like you . trust me . i tried . your voice irritates the heck ... '