' no , i haven't read the book . i gave up trying to learn how to draw , because the experience was too frustrating for me . instead , i focused on the things that i was good at , which is music and ... what note does your telephone's dial tone hum ? maybe she really does think in french . many people think in their second language , what's wrong with that ? man , i've always envied people who can draw well . i paint , but nothing even remotely realistic looking . interesting thing is that yes , when i look at people's faces , i absolutely can picture in my ... a word of wisdom from one of the brainiest guys the humankind has ever known : in view of such harmony in the cosmos which i , with my limited human mind , am able to recognize , there are yet people ... infp : often imitated , never replicated . : crazy : i absolutely agree with almost everything , bar points 4 and 5 , which i agree with , but with some exceptions . i appreciate good irony and sarcasm when they're witty and light-hearted , when they're not ... the same way you're afraid of disappointing your parents , but you still love them at the same time . those two things are not mutually exclusive . and yes , i'm sure god will help you sort through ... my favourite albums at the moment are the information and modern guilt by beck . jessica doesn't deserve a guy like this . that's all i've got to say . : laughing : well then , i guess it's safe to say you enjoy rickrolls . : laughing : http://img535.imageshack.us/img535/9479/49072159.gif but all of that is still small talk , no ? or am i missing something ? wow , indeed ... gorgeousness all around ! i'd like me some of that stuff . can you guys maybe sprinkle some of that entp pixie dust on me , so i can partake of the gorgeousness as well ? i can only speak for myself , of course . i listen to a lot of instrumental music , especially electronic music , and some of it does speak to me . usually it's a classical piece , or a piece of music that ... being attracted to sad things is a very distinct trait of infp . i've been attracted to melancholy for as long as i can remember myself . i love things that are truthful , important , passionate , real ... umm , one of the parties is obsessed and blindly infatuated , remember ? how's that party supposed to have a sound judgement of the situation ? and also , when you approach the guy in the first place and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kY1I_7IvMjw doesn't really look like an introvert to me , seeing how coherent and completely comfortable he is in front of a camera . also , his lyrics are known to ... no , i think it has something to do with agent smith's presence , it messes up the matrix , causing some sort of glitch , which gives you the sense of deja vu . i think that ' s how it is , if my memory ... that's a nice theory . but how is this supposed to work in practice ? do you just approach the guy you're obsessing over and tell him , you see , i have this tendency to worship the object of my love ... that is so obviously fake . not to disagree that avatar borrows a lot from pocahontas . but it takes it to a whole new level , in the light of the planet crisis and the climate change and all that ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ if it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight . - george gobel solutions are not the answer . - richard nixon don't be so humble , you're not that great . - ... dark red . something like this . i don't believe in soulmates as in a notion that there's one true perfect match for you just hanging around waiting to be found . however , i do believe in soulmates as people out there whom you can ... exactly ! couldn't have said it better myself . if you're being abused , it's never your fault . never ! don't make excuses for his abusive behaviour . yes , i am really infp , that's why i know that the emotions need to be kept in check . i mean , that's what's all these personality indicators are for in the first place ... so that you can find out what ... wow , thanks ! ! ! i didn't expect such a quick and enthusiastic approval . i really appreciate it . people usually don't get my taste in music . i've got more where those came from , but now i'm really ... melancholic and depressing aren't really the same thing though , are they . or is it just me ? there's melancholic stuff that's so beautiful and bittersweet that it gives you a rush of euphoria . and ... i realize that it's easier said than done . but it's the only way out of an abusive relationship . that's why i said , use your head and not your heart . i know that it's hard to break off a ... if you realize you're being abused , it shouldn't be a matter of choosing the lesser evil . the abuse is the ultimate evil . your alarm bells should be going off like crazy . simply walk away , no ... ahh ... i miss my teenage years . most of the people that came my way in high-school were crazy fun-loving extroverts , and their extravertedness was really rubbing off on me . never a dull moment . yeah , ... no , what you've described is most certainly a very unhealthy obsession . i definitely think you're doing the right thing by staying away from that . i didn't realize how bad it was for you . i've never ... oh , no worries . i didn't notice any strong wording . i guess i'm not that sensitive afterall . but then , i spend a lot of time on youtube and got used to verbal abuse , so anything posted on these ... nothing cheers me up like dancing robots and quasi-rapping hot dudes in cowboy hats . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5U9QRiY46I your beat is nice ... yes ! just copy-paste the link to a youtube video , and once you hit submit reply the video will get embedded automatically . yep , i can most definitely relate to that . : laughing : eta : i don't really have any insight as to why we are this way . it's really weird though , come to think of it . cause you were gonna do the job ... but is warm fondness enough ? don't you feel like you're missing out on something ? - not an ounce of excitement , not a whisper of a thrill , this relationship has all the passion of a pair of ... interesting . i've never really worshipped another human being . i've been in love , yes . infatuated , yes . worshipped a guy ? definitely no . what do you mean by worshipping ? you mean , like , seeing somebody through rose-coloured glasses sort of thing ? i wouldn't call that worship though . i think the phenomenon is commonly referred to as ' infatuation ' . us dollar and canadian dollar are the same nowadays ( used to be slightly different ) . and yeah , i'm pretty sure about the salary . they make $ 25 / hr on average . the lowest they're paid is $ 19 / hr when ... it's unfortunate that you had such an unpleasant experience of the church as a child . the notion that god is in people's hearts isn't new . rumi's revelation is right there , in the bible . it's been ... i have no idea what my iq is . never really bothered to find out . but i've never got less than 90 % on an exam . so , i'd say i'm alright , maybe not genius or anything , but i get by . i don't really get obsessed in my personal relationships . umm ... at least not any more ( used to be when i was a teenager , but i think it's fairly normal for all teens ) but i've been obsessed with ... wow . and i thought i was hard to approach . : shocked : 2 years just to be friends ? ! and you're saying there are people out there willing to wait that long ? .. lol , good one ! you know , therapy ... funny , i've never met any caring and sensitive turtles . : shocked : 1 . there are no cabins for driver on buses in north america . entry is only through front doors and the passengers pay to the driver ( there's a special machine that takes money and spits out ... wow , sounds like the girl is in need of a good therapist . that sort of thing is just not normal , no matter what type you are . people is not something you should have faith in . people are only human , they f * ck up . only god is perfect . '