' i'm extremely cold , bitter , and sarcastic on the outside . on the inside though i am quite sensitive . i can sometimes notice when somethings up with my entj friend . even though he's quite good at ... 1 . do you use emojis ? ( if so , when and for who ) i use basic emoticons , (; ) , xd , xp , :P , :D , :) , ;P , >;D , etc . ) i use them with my friends / family / kinda anyone . i use them when i'm trying to portray ... if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? wait what ? now ? uh ... idk ... this ? ! if you had to choose between being alone in a ... introversion ( i ): 17 versus extroversion ( e ): 2 sensing ( s ): 6 versus intuition ( n ): 16 introversion ( i ): 17 versus extroversion ( e ): 2 sensing ( s ): 6 versus intuition ( n ): 16 warning is highly unstable , if used incorrectly could be toxic . use at own risk . i commonly question whether i'm a feeler or thinker . first off , i am ridiculously sarcastic . too the point where i almost hurt an entj friend of mine . i also make harsh comebacks as well .. when i'm ... i have 2 bunnies ... reading that she killed 2 rabbits by stepping on them made me cringe . poor rabbits . : unsure : 3.57 : language 3.57 : nature 3 : musical - - - self : 3 spatial : 2.71 logic / math : 2.14 social : 2.14 body movement : 1.71 it's seems as just xxxps in general are just clumsy . i'm incredibly clumsy , i once knocked over a huge frame and it shattered ... i'm also prone to running into things and walking backwards . lol .. i'm a dandere with a little kuudere ... 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? infp , i'm confident that i'm fi dom , then i would definitely say i have ne . so definitely infp . 2 ) where you ... xnfjs are so easy to talk to imo . i know an enfj and an infj . they are both very close friends of mine . entjs are cool , but definitely not my favorite . i'm around one too much to favorite them . lol that's exactly what i do . i mean , recently i learned to make a redstone clock so i can make a automatic cobblestone generator in skyblocks , but even then sometimes i mess up . my entj friend loves ... if there was truly a cat around , i'm sure they would love to cuddle up against you . of course after murdering and devouring the fish in your avatar . :) edit : if i failed the whole blackhanded ... i mainly play mini-games . i also sometimes play factions . i'm also a big fighter , lol . i'm extremely competitive , which i guess apparently isn't a popular infp trait ? i also build a lot , sometimes i ... thank youuu ! i hate to be posting so much , i feel like i'm spamming . oh well . istj seems accurate . i've known a few istjs so it seems to ring true . mine ? lol , i did . i've been drawing since i was 4 . though , i do love to draw . i can't say i can put my emotions into my drawings . though when it comes to poetry and stories , i most certainly can . ... i've read some of your other posts and intj seems about right . i would definitely say infp . alas , i do like ninjas sooo . ;P not quite sure , maybe xnxp maybe inxp ? infp it really depends , lol . i enjoy writing somewhat morbid stories and poetry ( how stereotypical , lol . ) i would say the ones you posted would be a solid 6/10 for they made me smile . i'm an infp i play on servers most of the time , but when i'm alone i can still do well . i generally build , and try to farm animals . i hate to kill animals , especially bunnies . though nonetheless ... 1 . what's you're mbti type ? infp 2 . do you think people gravitate towards opposite or same types in friendships ? i generally gravitate to somewhat similar ( even though one of my best friends is ... oh that's hard . i'm not very skilled with either . too bad pencils , markers or inks are not an option . though i'll probably go with oil . i feel i can blend better with them and i like the texture . ... i'm really interested in you guys , but unfortunately don't know any of you irl , and i rarely get out of the house unless going with friends . what were the things you were interested in and where did ... trace fluffy horses are adorable . stick a horn on them and they'll be a fluffy unicorn . unicorns are cool to me , sure a lot of people view them as magical rainbow creatures . though , i can easily imagine ... i'm an infp . my mom is an isfj ( she studied this before she got married so i don't think being a mom would change that . ) i'm pretty sure my dad is an esfp . i always get isfp on that site . i used to rely very heavily on it until i started studying the functions . on that site isfp fits me a lot , but i'm still an infp . i would say it gives a general idea , ... after a lot of research , i have come to the conclusion that i'm an infp . thanks everyone for your help , i greatly appreciate it ! after a lot of research , i have come to the conclusion that i'm an infp . thanks everyone for your help , i greatly appreciate it ! i have also studied both of them a little bit , and i just don't know which i use more . though , are people with the se function generally good at finding lost things , or noticing little differences ... i know i'm definitely fi dom . i'm not completely sure what functions i'm still developing the most . i would say i've acted the same though for most of my life , except in elementary school i was quite ... well , another thing is . i am still quite young , in my early teens . so , my functions are probably just still developing as well . i would like a general idea what type i am though . haha , i just overthink things way too much . sometimes i need to slow down with myself . lol ! that's probably true . half the time i get overwhelmed by my own emotions . xd i wish i wasn't so confusing . xd thanks , sorry , i'm still new here . 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . ... questionnaire ? as in which questionnaire ? are you going to ask the questions ? sorry , not following . haha . xd i would like to know your process of thought , and what for sure makes you think i'm a infp , just so i have something to pull together . also , it would also make sense , since i grow up in a family of ... i can relive the emotions i had , and feel those emotions . my memory isn't the best , but the memories i do have , i focus more on what i felt , then the surrounding . my parents are both sensors , my mom is an isfj , and my dad an esfp . i really don't hear them comment that i'm in my own world that often , because i mainly generate my ideas when i'm alone . say laying ... i studied the differences of both a bit . while i do think of lots of different ideas , and sometimes can be quite random like ne , if i'm interested enough , i'll study it down like ni , then maybe will ... i was quite aware of that possible outcome , though , i wanted to give it a shot . if nothing , i could always go back to researching on my own . i'm still open for ideas though , and could definitely ... well , i'm just trying to imagine my friends doing this , and seeing what i would get irritated by more , and honestly , i like the jumping ideas , it can be quite intriguing . though in other terms , it ... so , i originally posted a thread like this in the infp forum , though i probably should've posted here . so , i got into the mbti last year . when i first took the test , i came out as isfp , and since ... i'm also willing to answer any more questions if it will help . that's just a sample , now with my other best friend , he's a entj . boy do our conversations get interesting . from arguing about kindness , and what's right . to arguing about random topics like whether ... we've been friends for 7 years , haha . i'm still not completely convinced with anything yet , i guess my main focus right now is really figuring out which cognitive functions i use the most . ne-si or ... '