' damned , demented and depraved my actions are very calculated ! the only problem i have , is when i drink or party , which use to be a lot . i made some big mistakes that way . it always comes back to being bored for me . i get bored , i ... youtube - dewey cox smoking reefers ( with john c . reilly and tim meadows ) guilty . i'll do it from time to time . i'm a nerd . i don't look like one though . most people think i'm a smooth talking estp . a hustler . its probably because i've invented an alter-ego persona that is like something out of a movie . i say ... i'm a nerd . innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower . - steve jobs when i'm at my best , i can innovate and lead people . i'm dominant , but i like what someone else said about ' not being ... i graduated with a bachelor of science in biology -3.4 . my grades in highschool were horrible . it wasn't cool for me to be a good student at my highschool , and my hormones told me i needed to be ... yes , and micheal jackson had it right about playing in trees ! don't you climb trees ? yes micheal , i do ! infp for sure ! this sounds exactly like an infp male friend of mine . he dated this girl for 3 weeks , then she dumped him , and he was still talking about why it didn't work for the next 6 months to ... i played football and soccer in highschool . i use to be obsessed with college football but that stopped once i quit drinking . i love working out . i also love skiing , water skiing and jet skiing etc . my dad ( entp ) is rich / upperclass , and i was ' highly neglected ' by him growing up . i can see how you could come up with this theory . entps are more likely to be entreprenuers and therefor are more ... that does help . an isfp is the entp dual partner , which is suppose to be the best possible relationship between two people according to socionics . i want to meet an isfp to see how true this is for ... i'm perverted . i'm bipolar . i'm an asshole . i'm an entp ! personality page.com says that entps are good at making money , not managing it . i know this is true for me . i'm terrible at remembering street names . i've lived in the same city , most of my life , and i still get some of the main street names confused at times . i want to know what stores or landmarks are ... i've used # 2 , # 3 and # 4 . they were extreme cases , but thats what it took . i usually do whatever it takes . i slept with an intj girl last summer and i had the same experience . she was sexually promiscuous ! coincidence ? ya , this is a problem for me . people usually don't like it when i call them out on their pretentious , shallow and conformist ways . does anyone else get those sick / tired feelings of not being able to ... what do you guys think about daniel tosh from tosh . 0 ? i think he is an entp ! hey ! i have a conscience ! i just like to play ' wanna make a deal ' with mine . no , that's not what this theory is saying . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR4aQoezl-U&feature=related i copied the following paragraphs about type and hidden agenda from an article on the socionics website . i also believe this to be true about entps and other types . what does everyone else think ? do ... [ quote = cj99 ; 434605 ] interesting thing is ( correct me if i'm wrong here as my us geography isnt great ) that most of the religious people here seem to be from the american south . quote ] ... read socionics description of the entp uncovered . it says we really care about how people perceive us . i think this is true . the reason introverted n types score the highest on iq test is simple . who do you think makes up a test of boring puzzles ? those with the same personality type as the test makers will , naturally , on ... i'm very much in-touch with my spirituality . i think a spiritual life is very important . the dogma surrounding some religions are a joke and some are a tragedy . i live in alabama . being part of generation y , i can see where this type of exploitation has taken place in pop culture . i think its a great observation . extp = fun party guy . esfp = fun party girl . i know this because ... other relations of duality types , on personality cafe , have gained insight into this dynamic and i think its time to boldly explore the entp / isfp relationship . as an entp , i can't imagine other entps ... bullshit ! ! i believe we care very much what other people think about us . especially the people we associate with in our everyday lives . we may not give a shit what society ( ie random people ) think , ... i've found several infjs in annonymous programs . na / aa etc . they're usually marginalized in society , so they try to escape the isolation through substance abuse . thats my theory . what is everyone's usual experience with the types ( using mbti descriptors or more generalized description ) of individuals of the opposite sex they usually attract . 1 ) what kind of venue do you ... does anyone else see the irony of this thread ? the guy dressed in the watchman costume , is talking about how he can't get into fiction ? i read only non-fiction with the exception of a few books ... you don't get new inventions thinking like everyone else . labels like ' crazy ' are for the masses to remain dull in thought . it's better now , death is closer , i no longer have to look for it , no longer have to challenge it , taunt it , play with it . it's right here with me like a pet cat or a wall calendar .  ... mom = esfj dad = entp hard for mom to relate to me , but she's always been there for me . poppa was a rolling stone . naturally . any idea that engenders fear in people will be misinterpreted and abused . how else do those in power control the herd ? sweeping generalizations for sweeping application ! agree . there's a lot of grey area with this one , unless you have a serial killer / rapist case , then its much more clear . the argument i like about this diagnosis is that : anyone , nomatter who you ... yes , you do tend to lose some of the creative manic monster with medication . after you read ' an unquiet mind , ' you'll better understand the extreme states of moods and madness a person is capable of ... i have bipolar disorder . i think it's a good idea to start documenting your moods . i would also try reading books by kay redfield jamison - ' an unquiet mind ' and ' touch with fire ' are both good ... yes . i don't want to go into detail , its a long sordid story that would be exhausting to tell , emotionally and psychologically . odd is an understatement . its a great question though . i'm ... i like strawberry pancakes ! you mean you don't get in to the private sex forum after you make enough post ? i thought that was what vip status meant ? well said ! ! ! you describe the way i react , and why i react emotionally , perfectly ! bravo ! do you think someone else will ever understand this and overlook it ? or forgive it over time ? what ... holy shit ! i've been agonizing over the fact my ex just did the exact same thing . she won't talk to me at all ! and i heard she just went back to a guy who physically abused her . that is both crazy ... adam's garden of eden and the devil inside guilty ! ! i did the same thing with an infj girl on facebook . sympathy for the devil is one of my favorite songs . i'm not exactly what kind of cruelty you're talking about here ? you kinda make it sound like its the sociopath type ? but seriously , unless ... i like the idea of jesus doing card tricks ! added , if you take the bible literally , he was an illusionist . i can see jesus getting his roadies ( the 12 disciples ) to setup his walking on water trick ... '