' yeah i'm not injury prone ( no injuries yet i would consider serious ) and supposedly have high pain tolerance ( couple surgeries with no pain meds after ) usually in motion , fidgeting mostly if i'm sitting still or not engrossed in something . not nervous . also hate other people fidgeting , usually because they are nervous how's the leg recovery ? rpg / mmo type games i play melee , especially if there are some fist / hand to hand type weapons . shooters usually flanking and sniping and try to stay out of close range . in real life i'm usually ... there are movies coming out this summer ? yep . now i want to know if other types have different poses . era ohtochooseaname pschall invasion of the space-age avatars just finished zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance not too long ago , first read . like randroth said , it's gonna take many readings to really soak it all in . interesting perspectives . ... hey seamaid , i'm sorry to hear about your breakup . i can tell you've put alot of work into the relationship based on your time spent on the istp forum trying to figure us out :) you have learned ... yeah i really wanted to play this game , but no ps :( yeah probably the best way to learn is to try it out . it's also helpful if people you are seeing tell you what they want directly and have some sort of reason for it . best example i can think of ... i'm in a similar position except for reverse gender where i'm spending most of my time with girls rather than guys . granted , my regular social time revolves around volunteering with animals where ... computer is always set up first , gotta get those tunes pumping ! i actually eat most of my meals at the table my computer is on . the table that should be the dining room table has become my ... don't care , deleted all of it . alright , let's hear it you also don't want to make it too easy for him with an i'm off codeword or gesture . thinking back on my old relationships i wish i had something like that so i could have gotten more personal ... i can't use any stationary equipment in a gym for cardio for more than 10 minutes . gotta feel the elements and have some changing scenery that needs to be navigated . where are you that you can go snowboarding in april ? we got like no snow here over the winter and it's about a month early for the 60 ' s and sunny we've been having these past weeks . i wish people ... that is the most pained expression yeah i have sort of a mixed approach to buying things . either go to whatever place and look around looking for good items , then return home to research , then either back to the store or web order ... whole grain white bread ? that exists ? i thought to make white bread you had to process out all the whole grains . most white breasd have to be re-fortified with vitamins to make up for everything ... just like your old avatar not sure i agree with this statement . we use all functions , but usually are not as well developed in extroverted feeling . we do have feelings but might just have a hard time knowing what they mean ... haha . when we have meetings with clients i've been jokingly called the enforcer since i probably look like i'm on bodyguard duty rather than being the primary point of contact . bust out that sewing machine ! yeah i usually gravitated to people who were considered outcasts , usually they are more interesting than run of the mill folks like water taking the shape of a container yeah i love and hate having to go into depth on everything , especially somewhat serious purchases . i usually don't regret my decisions , but wow it can take forever to reach it . interesting , but not unexpected that you guys feel pressured by the guys you date into commitment . it's interesting turnabout since most of girls i've dated were the ones to really try and push me ... it's the mystery of our type it's an interesting read . can't say if it's true or just a distorted perspective of reality . glad to see an istp recommend this . it's been on my list of books to read but i keep putting it off since it looks weird . ill have to seriously look it over now supposedly a classic istp ... yeah online dating is largely a waste of time for these reasons . doing things you're interested in and meeting other people who are interested ( or at least interested in trying said thing ) with or ... that sounds like confusing situation , just randomly hating you . if she's not willing to talk to sort it out , then i'm with erbse , you will probably need to talk to your boss about it . if the ... if you focus too much on one you'll probably lose both . i like this . i'll have to remember it for next time i'm with you on the running and drinking . i'd rather just have my beers after the workout :D hmm that's a interesting note on dating from meetup . maybe it is , i guess i don't pay attention to ... yeah the stillness at night is amazing . it's sad i'm usually sleeping though i'm pretty sure meetup has some happy hour groups . could also look into some extreme sports or adrenaline group the original final fantasy tactics is the greatest ! haha that sounds wonderful talking about reading people , when people start asking me lots of questions i usually try and figure out what all of their questions point to , since usually there is some single question they want to ... yeah pretty much the same here for me . i'm usually doing 5-7 over on most streets and 10-15 on the highway . i saw an article that was talking about how it's safer to drive with cruise control ... probably has something to do with local laws where you live . i think different places have different fines based on how fast over the limit you are going and also it would depend on the speed limit ... can't stand spongebob thanks for the post . the part above really resonated with me since i had a similar deal with my last girlfriend where i felt like i was always trying to catch up . good luck , it's going to hurt , ... yeah the minute i saw that in the movie i knew i had to have one . too bad i think the sport classic line isn't made anymore i think you might not be too far off on your guess on expectations , and that's a great word for it . i think both my brother and boss are si dominant ( brother istj and boss isfj ) . they both seem to ... couldn't have put it better myself . people that meet me doing fun things assume i'm fun all the time and are disappointed that's not the case . people that meet me doing run of the mill things ... not sure if this was posted already , but the chair in this fight scene is great . jason statham + clive owen . it's great to see statham's advance through interesting prop fighting scenes with ... '