' i didn't mean your inferior function is se , i meant it to the op . but i can see how it would relate to te too . so true ! people who don't have to put a facade fascinate me cause that's very hard for me to do , especially in public . though at the same time i've met people who put a facade that they do not put a ... yes to being in tune with all the crappier sides of life i hate when people move along their day as if everything is okay and there is not a care in the world . be in a great mood , that's fine ... more often than not , i click really well with sixes . however , if it's my first time meeting the six and they're disintegrating into three ( or they just don't trust me ) , it can be very hard for me to ... as a four , i appear more like a shy , hopeless child when i disintegrate into two . i need someone to hold my hand , walk me through every little emotion or thought i am having , tell me exactly how to ... * * sees word heart * * * * thinks back to 7th grade infp best friend with a username that had heart in it * * * * concludes you are an infp * * what does her being an isfj have to do with anything ? have you tried communicating your concerns and giving her a chance to improve ? you've invested in her a bit , so maybe it'd be smart to see if ... the way you speak out to the open with no specific person in mind gives me sp / so vibes . personally , i am overly concerned with what's going on outside of me . what are other people doing ? what are ... lol no i totally understand . it's confusing cause it's pulling me away by acting passive and disengaging . maybe you can picture it as me wanting to walk forward and i'm being pulled backwards . i ... you're raising some good dogs lol , but yeah : blushed : she's also an isfj though . but i bet it's cause she's comfortable with me she doesn't put up a front and pretend to care lol . they would cause they prefer the same functions . and it's fun getting your inferior function activated ( ne for isxjs and si for enxps ) . also you know about socionics quadras ? alphas , deltas , gammas , ... i mean my mom is sp / sx and she does that a lot . like i can open up and want to talk about something but she'll just give me a blank face . and i'm like did you hear what i just said ? and she gives me ... aren't dual relations the best type ? i love interacting with my duals entps personally . read sp type 4 descriptions though . cause they're very very specific . an enfp and istj couple is rachel and greg from the crazy ex girlfriend tv show . agree completely with this . it's not necessarily about age , but the same stage in life . cause each and every stage changes you , so being with someone not in the same stage can get problematic for the ... withdrawing is very immediate for me . fours are reactive in that way . it'd be nice to have someone encourage me to do whatever task i have to do , but other than that give me time . in that way , it ... what is this movement about ? it's not that simple to achieve dreams . intj . at the moment , it's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGqmFJyo2wA when you're so / sp and don't know if you can relate cause you don't want love ... however , i can see myself relating . at least i can relate for when i'm on a search for new friends . i have a really good friend who is infp type 4 so / sx . y'all are great people it doesn't change . and anyone can be sp / sx . and why are you unhealthy ? aren't we all ? lol if anything , i'd say sp type fours have the healthiest attitude out of the three . they can look a lot like ... a few years ago , i needed the most hardcore practical advice and total invalidation of my feelings to truly feel supported . now i still appreciate some serious guidance , but only when the time is ... i think it's important to point out , sp four is the counter subtype of the fours , not your typical four . so is the most four-like of the three . maybe that's why you're not relating fully . check out ... damn i can see the sp / sx screaming at me now that you mention it the problem for the prototypical sp / sx is that their sp will ultimately not be fulfilled once they venture into the depths of intimacy with sx . that's why there's futility in the wait they can feel ... sx / sp climbs into the belly of the dog for the heck of it , to energize it , to make things more upbeat . sp / sx climbs into the belly to make it heavy , slow and dull it down . i relate to that . and the thing that hurts is i really really do want to catch up . i'm just not fast enough . i hate being so / sp . i feel like i repel people . i never word anything the right way and i feel like that ties in with that instinct stacking . maybe not . i just wish people knew how much i ... same mother different child two going into four is usually positive , transformative . they don't really experience the downs in emotionality . when you're upset , do you get clingy or angry ? edit : influences . that's hard . well i'm an isfj and i guess my 4ness is based on si ? i do hate the feelings i get internally . why would they have it more difficult ? as an fe-user as well , even if i'm upset , seeing someone else ... heard this song on the radio today and i was like damn this is sx / so . the way it ruptures unapologetically . is demi lovato an sx / so ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MsvER1dpjM one of my favorite songs , what instinct would this be ? sp / sx vibe going on i think https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy9nwe9_xzw funny wildest dreams is my favorite taylor swift song . lana is very subtle , and pulls back at the right places for a sensual effect , but even changing nice to a color would keep the subtlety and ... honestly see way too many assumptions . the last thing i think about when i meet someone is who they know . i'm terrible at making connections or knowing the right people . so for me is like ... . oh i get what you mean . though i'm not a huge album listener , i relate to lorde's album on a personal level . maybe cause lorde is an so / sp type 4 too ? liability and loveless in particular speak ... i would say estp and enfj regardless of gender , and esfj guys . the beta quadra ( who correlate to adolescents ) estp , enfj , istp , infj are pretty fit and healthy based on my stereotypical ... i think appearance is very important for many people , and it's a huge insecurity area . so i understand wanting to prove beauty . but all levels of stupidity are accepted . you can be yourself and admit ... the classic unsure between infj / isfp lmao oh god , this is what happens when you haven't been in class since may interesting , i definitely can see that . probably not for sx / sp . the thing is syn-flow almost barely realize that people feel like outsiders . things just flow more smoothly . it's almost like if you're an insider , you don't know it . you ... honestly the so / sx i know literally get along with anyone . they truly don't care who you are , they can connect . group dynamics is so beta in socionics , i think many types are beyond groups and go for ... why is trump contra-flow ? it's about internal sensations . and past internal experiences are very important to understanding the current one we experience . that's how i can best explain it . and if you're very attuned to what ... for example , here's an extremely weird example . there's this song that makes me feel the same way coffee does , internally . like a certain sensation in my stomach . and i'm able to connect the song to ... they view themselves as born insiders though . they can rebel , but usually it's not in relation to society . more like at a specific person or event or project . whatever group they pick to be in , they ... '