' intp bachelor in philosophy bachelor in polisci master's degree in hr management :) i'm a young graduate ( turning 24 in a few days ) and i've been working in the same company ( big one , think 100k + employees worldwide ) for almost 2 years . i started as an intern in hr and now i have a ... thanks ! i ; depends on the size of the group . or rather : if it's more than 1 person , i will be exhausted . if it's only 1 person ( and one of my close friends ) , i will be still a little tired but way ... :| bumping , hope i didn't do this for nothing ! i'm going to combine both questionnaires , maybe this will help ! you probably don't have to read both questionnaires , maybe one is enough . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer ... oh boy , i'm actually an intj , i should have known all along thanks everyone for your input , this is very helpful . your whole response made a lot of sense ; though i do help at home but maybe not as much as she'd want me to . lately work has been a little ... i will graduate in septembre 2016 , and they will retire probably very soon after that , and they might go back to asia . i also forgot to tell i'm an only child , so that might explain a little bit as ... some context : i'm 22 will graduate next year , i have an internship at the moment . i've always lived with my parents in france ( safe for when i went abroad for 1 year in one country then 4 months in ... ... why don't just say hey , want to go out with me ? and suggest a time and place . that's is , you got your answer you're profoundly gullible and insufferably intolerant , at least in terms of emotional intelligence you must be quite low . maybe you've got abilities in math , logic , etc . but that doesn't make one ... you're right , ' isolating ' myself ( i'm not on my own , i still have lunch with another trainee or with my bosses ) does prevent me from having connections with other people . there may be another intern ... i started a new internship three weeks ago in a firm where there are approximately 50-70 trainees total . i think we're all aged 21-25 ( i'm 22 ) in very different departments ( hr , finance , ... we're not asking you to be happy . we're asking you to stop being negative . this is entirely different . couldn't agree more . i think this is the very first step to everything . hi turtlequeen , thank you a lot for your detailed answer ! let's see what we have there : did you have a realistic idea of what you would be facing before you started your internship ? what i ... hi ! i'm cham , soon 22 , i'm taking a gap year between my 2 years of masters degree in hr management to gain some experience , i'll graduate in 2016 if it goes well . i'm currently working in france ... i highly highlyyy recommend you check these bloggers : food wishes's chef john sometimes makes fancy recipes , but he's got ( for instance ) a truckload of chicken or pasta recipes that are super ... powershell i do ! since i just started , they still need to check my work so there aren't any mistakes ( i've made some , but they were easy to correct , and i know i won't make them again ) , but so far i ... hi , ( it's been a while since i last posted in perc ) i started working this monday ( sept . 15 ) as an hr intern in a hotel in france ( and i'm french , jsyk ) . the tasks i do are , for the moment , not ... could you not hijack this thread or something you're not in love with a girl you've never met , you're in love with the idea of it . and this is both unhealthy and deceiving at the end . she may still be boring i really don't like that sentence for some reason . / off i wish i could just tell her , listen , we are going to have to live together , so you have to talk to me , whether you like it or not . so get off your computer . you are boring me to death . i'm an ... hi i'm a fire breathing faery bye not that anyone cares , but i'm kind of retiring from perc . i'm not doing anything with my account though - i'll just leave it as is . the first thing that popped into my mind when i read the op was op must be an infp 4w5 , amirite homies and there it is . so yeah , probably not a narcissist , otherwise you wouldn't even have thought ... i'm leaving canada in 9 days i'm going to nyc i'm going to dc i'm going to la i'm going to sf and then i'm back home in paris life is fucking sweet my roommates are ignoring me like i don't exist no how are you , no hi , how was your day and ofc i have no one to talk to well there's by bff but she's , oh i don't know , 3000 fucking miles away ... tumblr has swallowed my soul . don't send help , it's hella cool in there . xxx bai baiii i just watched the movie her and now i'm watching valhalla rising . guess which one i prefer ? excellent idea , i hope it'll go well for you . i think this is way too long , cut it shorter and make it to the point . seeing a letter like this would make me skim it and go yadda , yadda , yadda ... yeah right . muse fans , give me a playlist of your 15 favorite songs and i'll be forever grateful . thanks . i'm only half regretting not going out tonight , but i have so many feelings regarding the latest hannibal episode that i just can't put that aside and deal with it later . greg house and liz lemon . is it an actual question ? wut . i'm back in the internet game , i finally got a tumblr ( link in signature ) and i'm actually active on it ! yeeey my entj best friend had the epiphany of her life , about who she is and what she wants and has to do . i was the very first person she told everything to , and that it mean the world for her . she told ... 4.45 am , werkin ' on my paper like there's no tomorrow . except there is . fuck this shit i hate when i have to write papers that have absolutely no intellectual interest whatsoever . sigh . i don't know how to tumblr i don't know how to internet plz send help i want to learn how to make flower crowns but i have no sense of aesthetics whatsoever ( and for some reason i'm bad at diy except when it's food ) , i'm afraid they'll be ugly or something . hi-fived my roommate and hurt my hand like hell but it was because we agreed on the fact that the best part of a chips bag is the bottom with all dem crumbssszszszszszzzsss dear me , i scratched my left elbow and both my knees because i fell on the ground , kissed two guys , drank probably too much and too early , it's not 10pm but i feel slightly hungover . and there's ... today's agenda : - start drinking at 10.30 am . - par-tay all-day . oh , ok . you're asking the wrong questions because you fail to identify the actual subject of your coworkers ' phrasings . 1 , 2 and 3 are inappropriate comments because they're not related to the actual ... one of my two roommates told me i make her think of liz lemon from the 30rock series . i am very pleased . no , you don't do the same . their jokes are surely more acceptable and appropriate than yours as you've described them . '