' how do you guys determine that your feelings for someone aren't real ? that is the part that confuses me a bit . and - while we're on the subject - do you find that your develop feelings randomly , ... i've definitely hounded him a bit because i didn't believe him when he said he never liked her ( intuition ) . eventually he admitted that he had liked her , but that he assessed his feelings and decided ... thanks y'all . it blows my mind how different this personality type is from mine . i know a lot of people that would probably type as entjs or intjs , for whatever reason i prefer hanging out with ... he is definitely smart , and likes to think things through . he's mentioned their incompatibility as one of the reasons he never acted on his feelings , but never explained why he thought to ... well , that explains why he never acted on his feelings - but ultimately , he says that he ever really had them . he says that he thought he did , but realizes that they were merely due to the fact that ... well , by flirting i meant that they were touchy-feely . he'd hug her a lot , do cute things like give her piggyback rides , etc . , which i know is his way of flirting ; but to her , that might just be ... an entj that i know is very good friends with a girl whom he used to have feelings for . well , he claims that he only thought he liked her , because the two of them were roommates for several months ... ( deleted ) . decided this would be better on another thread as a post - but am unable to delete this thread ! hello everyone ! do you guys feel like you engage in any sort of emotionally suppressive or avoidant behavior , and if so , could you please describe it ? i'm talking about a long term coping mechanism , ... depends on the insect / pest . spiders i normally squish . if it's an especially large one or if it's something especially scary , i try to get someone else who's home to get rid of it for me . i do feel ... yup ! i start to think about everything that could happen if i accepted and reacted to the romantic advancements . like , oh man what if i flirt back , and he asks me out , and we start dating , but i'm ... it seems pretty variant . i think certain personality types are quite prone to high self esteem whereas others are more vulnerable to the opposite ( like enfps ) , but not exceptionally so ... wouldn't want it any other way : wink : i'm the same way . people say , just be yourself ! and i'm like , who's that ? i thought that there'd be more responses given the number of enfps i ... hey squad . how would you rate your level of confidence / self-esteem , and why ? i know a lot of enfps ( myself included ) who just aren't that confident . figured i'd get more answers on here ! i have generalized anxiety disorder coupled with episodes of depression ( these episodes only last for a few days , though , and seem to come and go randomly ) . when my anxiety gets really bad , i get ... i know how you feel . i think that there's a big difference , however , between telling people your secrets and allowing people to get close to you . you can be emotionally open , honest and close with ... so , from my own experience as an enfp - we tend to be a little ... non-committal . i don't mean that in the sense that we don't like to get into relationships ( quite the contrary , i've found ) , it's ... perhaps i'm not coming across clearly - what i was saying was that i am not walking away , because i don't feel able to do that . i am trying to understand the causes of my entjs behavior so that i ... well , i am trying to make changes - and i seek to understand his behavior and way of thinking so that i'm aware of what needs to be done differently . so no , i'm not just doing the same things and ... yup . if i'm not mistaken - you've got something going on with an enfp ? i feel like someone in one of the entj forums did . we're okay , i guess . as per the suggestion of pretty much everyone i ... as entjs , do you guys feel like you have a habit of giving people advice , or teaching them - often of your own accord ? i'm friends with an entj who constantly advises me to do things that i'm ... that is quite a good summary , i think - we assume things will get better . and , in our defense , they often do ! i'm surprised at the response rate , and really pleased with the number of enfps who ... i have a tendency to stick it out even when a relationship is clearly falling apart or a person isn't interested , or when a friend doesn't treat me well , etc . is this an enfp trait ? do you guys ... enfps generally prefer to keep the peace rather than become confrontational or stir the pot . your enfp friend is probably still feeling hurt but finds it easier to remain friendly with your ex-friend ... welll , as an enfp ( and just kind of a neurotic person in general - oops ) who is close with an entj , i can come up with some examples . not that i embody them , or anything . crazy to an entj ... my mother is an isfj ( tested ) , and she has a really bad tendency to put things off . i was wondering if this is a normal or typical feature of this personality type . she does this with almost ... that's interesting , i would say that for enfps it is the exact opposite ( well , for me , anyways ) . my logical thoughts are buried deep down beneath my feelings . i have to go on a deep sea expedition ... thank you for the insight . entjs are an endless source of frustration for me ( not because of who they are , but because of who i am ) . i feel like i can read people very easily , but i struggle with ... i like that metaphor . what is it about discussing feelings whilst feeling them that makes it so hard ? i can discuss my feelings as i'm experiencing them , but what comes out of my mouth won't be very ... reluctant to share what's going on your life , unwilling to discuss negative emotions or situations , slow to open up . basically not very willing to discuss personal things . a question for all entjs ( or friends of entjs , whatevs ): would you consider yourself - or other entjs you know - to be closed off ? is that a common trait ? i normally don't say this , but it's really not you ... it's him . we've all dealt with people that talk too much for our liking , and that's just it ; we deal with them . we put up with their behavior ... hey , i think you meant to tag me here :) i took some 5 - htp , which is supposedly a building block of serotonin , although there are some disputes as to whether or not it's really effective . i also ... i think i know what you are going through . in high school , i developed depersonalization ( or derealization , they are very similar and i am not sure exactly how they differ ) , following a period of ... thank you all for your responses ! i've come to realize that my situation can go one of two ways ; either we get back together someday , or we don't . i might as well maintain my sanity - what little of ... hi everyone ... this enfp is back . i know , we're all thrilled . especially me . if you're confused , i wrote on this thread ( it starts on page 63 ) which led to a lengthy - and very insightful - ... i don't think that you have adhd , but i also don't think that's worth trying to label yourself because a ) what people in school consider to be adhd is not necessarily what mental health professionals ... i actually believe there are a lot of enfp cult leaders ... they don't call us the inspirers for nothing . that being said , the enfp cult would be made up of a bunch of people with fantastic ideas ... i've heard other entjs use a storage room or closet metaphor before - all very similar to yours . and you're quite welcome , do let me know if you'd like some more perspective on your situation ... from personal experience , i can say that yes , i would - if i didn't believe that there was nothing left to read . i mean , nobody ever says move along , there's nothing to see here ! when there's ... sorry that it's taken me so long to reply ! this is by no means easy to do , but when i am feeling down i force myself to act as enfp-ish as possible . i think that this helps because if you don't ... i don't know if this will help , but speaking as an enfp , we get really , really frustrated when we can't gauge how someone is feeling . enfps like to ~ * feel * ~ things / people / situations out . when we ... i'm sorry to hear that . it's tough when someone not only doesn't understand you , but blames you for it . i definitely have periods of negativity . there is a great thread on here about the stages of depression in enfps ; obviously not every bout of negativity indicates that someone is slipping into ... dear entjs , open up please . it's metaphorically freezing out here ! yes , absolutely . the examples that i gave , now that i think about it , are basically signs of disrespect . what it comes down to , for me , is autonomy - my ability to exist separately from others , and ... going behind my back to do something that i specifically asked you not to do , or constantly invalidating my feelings / experiences . lying is also a big no-no . i can forgive , but not forget . extroversion / introversion refers more to the way that socialization makes the person in question feel , rather than whether or not they do it . an introvert may wish to become more popular by going out ... hey ! someone posted this in the entj relationship questions thread - it's more popular and bound to get you more advice . you should check it out . i'm having relationship trouble with an entj myself , ... yes , i do ! i don't mean to do it and i certainly don't want to do it . i recently realized that when people are angry or upset with me , i automatically react in a way that i know will make them less ... '