' i hate bars anyway , but loud bars are the worst . i can stand classical music concerts , but not much else . i was once driven out of a classical music concert by the sound of loud music and heavy ... it's okay , realizing it is half the battle . and most people are screwed up in some way . almost no one has it all together . some books i recommend are what do you say after you say hello , ... i'm not sure they have any purpose , since we can ( i can ) neither change them nor even remember them . if you want to give them a purpose , then i propose this right here , that they are evidence ( such ... based on my own experience , i believe your fate is not fixed but alterable , but based on both my own experience and science , i believe your future has already been written . starting with the former , ... i have a variety of thoughts on this . a ) rationals are an oddity in a world of feelers , so naturally they are going to seem odd to regular people . b ) introverts are an oddity in countries where ... this is five plus years old now but i just discovered it . and i have to say the onion almost never makes me laugh . this has a few cringe-worthy moments , but overall it's pretty darn funny .  ... yes , yes , yes ! i have noticed the same thing , that the women that i have to spend the most amount of effort on in a relationship end up being the ones who break up with me , while the ones that i ... i laughed my ass off at this pic for the longest time . my gf at the time didn't get it . i honestly cannot tell you why i think / thought it was so hilarious , but i did . i couldn't find it on-line ... i would argue jfk was not an intj for the simple reason that he disliked thinking and emphasized action . jfk feared and was suspicious of what he called eggheads , very bright people . arthur ... i have , but i only took pictures of birds , landscapes , and inanimate objects like buildings and cars . never tried it with people . i managed to get about half a dozen good pictures out of thousands ... oh , gawd , yes , i hate that with a passion . and these people who have to have a tv running all day long , no matter what program is on , just to have some kind of background noise . when you ask them , ... okay , i have the mother dying thread saved in four pages . i know who you are now , the rabbit with the pope hat . if i get around to it , i'll try saving some of the other stuff . send me your e-mail ... okay , let me throw my two cents in here since i am still a member in good standing on intj forum . my view is just the opposite of the op's : that political debate has been squelched there for a while ... having read a great number of your posts , vinnie , you should probably get a mod warning from god . i've been banned from facebook for not using my real name . at least i think that's why i was ... i've mentioned this before , i met a female mirror image of myself in a chatroom once . we were delighted at first , but then realized we both needed to be in charge of the relationship and broke it ... i'm with nephandus on this one , dogs are inherently untrustworthy , particularly other people's dogs . the only exception i'm aware of is / are basset hounds . you can trust 99.9 % of all basset hounds ... i think my 1 a . m . jaunts are about equally divided between actual strolls and going for a drive . thing is , no one is invited , so i'm not sure how that would work in the theme park , unless it's a ... but then how would you post on perc ? : wink : that is the most vulgar piece of shit i've ever heard . this is what passes for music among blacks today ? louis armstrong must be spinning in his grave . paul robeson , too . clearly i'm not infj ... what do you say after you say hello ? by dr . eric berne . it changed my life and made me realize that my life can be changed . ummm ... no . don't have this problem . crowded hallways , yes , god help me . i'll go around the freaking building to get to the other side to avoid a crowded hallway . but one person in a hallway ? ... a + for that one ^ ^ ^ . i laughed multiple times . https://www.truity.com/test/personality-type-love-match note : retaking it gave me very different results , so who knows . hint : when he's acting , he's overacting . when he's not overacting , he's being straight . mbti . from what i have seen of intp's , they really aren't into the world domination thing . i don't know anything about the socionics version . i took this from the web , but my intp nephew and i had ... you'll have to be more specific . disproportionate in what way ? who left ? what result ? why did you expect an explanation ? has anything ever been explained to you about why it happened ? i'd be ... asking as both an unbeliever and former believer , isn't that what happens when you don't believe in god , that there is no meaning to life , that you're here merely to eat , drink , shit , fuck , and die ? ... you're a horrible person if you don't like bach and escher . ( for what it's worth , i hate fugues . ) first off , spiders are not insects . spiders are arachnids , and except for a very few ( unless you live in australia ) , they are beneficial to humans . second , it doesn't pay to be kind to insects ... not sure how i feel about group brainstorming , but i know the evidence says group brainstorming is less effective and less productive than individual brainstorming and then coming together to discuss ... i can agree with that , too . i hate jazz , love classical . but if you're just stating what's on your mind right now , that's not thinking at all . that's just talking out of your hat . hence my ... i kind of agree with you here . introverted people have to have an extroverted persona to interact with the outside world , while extroverts don't ( necessarily ) have to have any introverted persona in ... hello , all . i took that mbti matching test the other day and according to that , my best match would be an esfj . who knew ? so i'm stopping by to say hello . any single , attractive esfj ladies ... while i agree with you in principle that there isn't just one person out there that is right for you , that there are thousands or perhaps millions of people who would fit each person's basic criteria ... interesting . i would be willing to be in a relationship with someone who wasn't the one if it was relatively pleasant . i have broken up with a woman ( not many relationships in my life ) for not ... this is how law school was for me . i'd come to an instant conclusion based on the relevant data and cases , but the professors weren't interested in my conclusion , only my arguments . i felt like ... i'm both of these , so not exactly opposite ends of the spectrum , but i'm working on it . according to kevin leman in the first-born advantage , talking about first-borns rather than intj's , the reason ... isn't that how all intj's look ? i agree with the previous post , a manipulative intj would look friendly . if you're not of the opposite sex and an intj smiles at you , run . in my best relationship ( didn't get married for various reasons ) , we were very sympatico , there wouldn't have been any need for her to adapt to my views on anything . i think you're missing out on ... i didn't think so , but i've had two experiences that make me wonder . one , watching the mask , in which jim carrey suggests that reading comic books and watching cartoons as an adult makes you a ... this is essentially what i was going to say . seriously , though , i have a good idea of what kinds of errors i make , like i don't remember names and faces , but i do remember conversations , so if you ... it became easier to understand and appreciate myself mainly . i used to think i was the only one like me , and therefore there was something wrong with me . it's still a relief to go back and re-read ... i don't know you , but i'm guessing this was dripping with sarcasm . he was probably referring to this : i'm not going to define anything and i dislike , when people ask to define obvious things ( not this one , just talking in general way ) . seriosly people , is it hard ... as a former christian , yes , i can tell you a better way ... get an evil look on your face , rub your hands together gleefully , and say something like , i'm a satanist , i've always wanted to convert ... i've been feeling particularly unloved today / yesterday , so this thread was a blessing , even if it wasn't aimed at me in particular . former believer , now atheist . i came to the conclusion , through trying to prove that god exists logically , that god , at least the god we in the west imagine , could not possibly exist . i could not ... first sentence , no , he pushed her away , and intj's aren't known for playing relationship games like that . last sentence , could work , but could backfire if he's not ready to give an answer . he may ... bumping this up for wiser heads than mine ... hard to judge from this distance and the limited amount of information , but here's my advice : start looking around for someone else in an oh , well , i ... depends on whether you like dry sarcastic humor or not . once in a while you'll find a non-intj who appreciates it , but it's rare . '