' muuulaaannn because she saves her family and china . she's a motherfuggin ' hero . 713978 i haven't seen many interesting threads on here that catch my eye . hell , i wouldn't be able to create one myself . i only get on here when i'm bored now , not much whenever i feel something is lacking ... in short , my infj friend keeps me grounded . we look at two different sides of the same coin and that's what keeps our conversations interesting . 1 . ) i've been attracted to black women most of my life . ( and finally snatched me a black woman and an intj lol ;) ) 2 . ) intellectuals . ( this can woo me very quick ) . 3 . ) dimples and gorgeous smiles ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koAtzvSBvfE this is relatively old , but i do hope you enjoy it . this was water paint . 685194 6852 02 i don't mind affection with the cuddly friends / family . but i don't initiate it even if i love it . with strangers ... oh please don't . i had an old lady that smelt of cigarettes stroke my curly hair ... i'm sure i'd have the potential but i just couldn't do it . too much unfairness in this world to con people ... even if some people deserve to get the taste of their own medicine . :d ry : but does the ... my anger lasts as much as a fart does . brief . when i was about five , my brother made a huge lego millennium falcon ship . he spent about 2 weeks with it and i decided that play time definitely on . a few minutes playing with that ship and i broke ... i've always fantasized about falling in love ( which has been fulfilled ) . but marriage is a totally different beast altogether . i wouldn't mind getting married , but it's definitely not a fantasy ... burst angel i believe its called lol i listen to music . loud music . if i'm realllyyy annoyed i have to walk away from the facility no , and yeah i actually like children , but i like the return policy even more . i will adopt a baby . a german shepherd baby . i'll share a few ! - whenever i listen to music i feel like ( all the time ) i want to walk or run . i don't most of the time unless i'm completely by myself , into my thoughts ( plus it's weird ... 1 . be decisive when they ask , where do you wanna eat . best not to say , i don't care . xd 2 . be understanding to one another 3 . communication , communication , communication . 4 . remember , ... around that hour i had some ice cream ! ... that i won't share > : d my memory is definitely not detailed . although , i can remember highly the little gestures or ticks my friends or family do whenever they feel a certain way . it's cute . besides that i have to ... it is like a foreign food , tasty but fucks up my digestion because i don't have ( use ) it often . my close friend is a sensor . she has a bad ass memory ; remembers every detail of our conversation even if i think she is not listening . yes , i'm at the point in my life that i'm comfortable just relaxing by myself . i can truly self reflect that way . you have an amazing memory . ( must have sticky notes and a flare gun at all times ) i know 3 enfp ( s ) . all which i'm very close too . we laugh all day , and forget to check the pizza in the oven . : happy : i'm sure most feel the same way no matter the type . i absolutely despise when i'm playing an rpg for long hours and forget to save because it froze ... ( fuckin ' fallout 4 ) . ever since then i make it a ... i hate it when i'm eating something supposedly soft then i feel a crunch ... why was there a crunch ? ? ? i'll stop eating entirely awww , my biscuits are being buttered by your kindness . i'd send you half priced valentine candy i got from walmart if i could . : happy : i listened to this in the mornin ' . enjoy the metal : cool :: proud : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNFLqNFp2qU too good to be true : l lol i also think enfp ( s ) shit glittered rainbows ! yo , that is pretty cool though . it is what it is . if people come out to you then youre a trustworthy person for personal things such as that ... i like feminine guys ! but thats also rare as well . all the guys ive been atrracted to was mostly gay or probably bi . but yeah i just say im lesbian with a dash , a sprinkle , of fluidity . so like .. are you a model ? 636610 getting ready for work . i don't know how to steady my mind . i know with practice i could ; really want to improve my scatterbrained mind . my brother is infj i get along with him . our humor is one in the same ( sorry for the duplicate ) i almost shit rainbows . yes . lol . i had a vivid dream of eating out some girl . i know tmi , but never have i ever had a dream that was that sexual . it was cool hmmm . i guess i can say now especially that im older . i don't mind my own company . even for long periods of time . ive found that peace of mind . oh . i dont like bacon . sue me . bite ... bruh , it is forgetting all the fucking time . because with that brings more issues . i wish it wasnt a huge flaw of mine . when someone deliberately tries to find anything to get me angry . or a reaction of it . i am really patient and deal with peoples bullshit everyday ( work ) but if it is consistent repetition it will ... as a lesbian .. it's to easy to not have those urges but i can see why a heterosexual male and female might have thoughts about something more and it's normal . however , i'm sure there are people who ... i have a huge canvas that i'm going to paint darth vader in . i'm fucking excited :D my humor can be very lighthearted ( cute / cheese ugh the puns ) , to fucked up and please do not smack the back of my head . : b curly sue . i always get that . lol and there i was , standing there like the statue of liberty pointing my finger in the air . and my hand dropped to my side pathetically.wow , i sure do know how to make ' em linger . momma sure taught ... he's nasty and stupid . i love him i've had many moments i am glad to say . but me and my intj girlfriend playing mobinogi and there was a stupid glitch that happened to my character i started to curse , and when i heard her cute laugh ... lol . well a lot of my family members would call me ducky from land before time so i guess there is that . yep yep yep . kinda stayed in the family . normally when i'm under a lot of stress i blast my music so i don't think of negative thoughts and with that i go for a run with my dog . honestly , it doesn't take much for an enfp ( at least for me ) ... . '