' for me , its knowing that i'm good at a lot of things , so picking a career and sticking to it really eats away at me . every couple years i want to change to something else that challenges me in a ... never been in my life ... if i have a problem , i ask a buddy , and they usually point me into a direction i've been overlooking . problem solved . of course , because its is like the hbo series true blood , that's also only on once a week but during summer months . which is pretty good btw , but the book series is even better . istp's only like and ... dexter is awesome ! you guys have to check out if you haven't already . its on showtime at 9 pm on sundays . its into its 4th season . the first 3 episodes of season 1 can be found here . youtube - ... well if it has cars and chicks then sign me up ! why didn't you say that from the start ? ? ? shesh , do you not know how to communicate with me ? * yawn * what other type can balance taking advance course work their entire lives with being completely awesome , so much so that the group makes instant enemies . nt types tend to resent us for having ... dexter is by far the best show on tv , it is so good that i can make that remark having never seen supernatural or flash forward . though i may try to ... but it is nfl and nba season ... it's like istp ... well i guess that makes sense . she always gives me shit saying , how are you at thinker , you seem more like a feeler type but then she reads the description about me , and is like ... well that's you ... eh , not really . i'm kind of disarming around introverts in general and always for some reason bring out the extrovert in ' em . i thought pretty eye's were supposed to draw people in and cause them ... kickass ... yes . adorable ... i'm sorry , but no . i use that term for female isfp's . i apparently have came off my istj high from a while back when i found out the most incredible women i've ever met is ... you know i'm game for this , even though i've been mia , let me brush the dirt off my shoulders real quick ... <wink> i hope i'm doing this right .. i said the same thing when i decided to be a superhero i'm playing immortal technique - caught in the hustle glass i ghost - perfect strangers ( for you indie-electronic peeps ) ( san quinn ) l7 - bout to shine in constant rotation right now . when i do something , i make sure i go pretty much balls out . hell , i am even taking mafia wars on facebook pretty serious ... being 16 % above average simply is not good enough , even though i'm pretty ... it's easy to love someone when you don't have to deal with them all the time . when you do ... the things you tolerate and brush to the side , add up really really fast , and long term resentment can kick ... ugh ... if you didn't have a kid , i'd say run away . i know that i for one cannot be paired with any f type for the long term . i tend to attract a ton of different types . like if you have had a group of ... i only read the op , as my eye's are closing on me . but yeah , i have an istj friend that has appeared to be in this type of situation . though it involved a female istj ... she does tend to think like a ... eh ... kind of ... back in the intp day's ... or nightmares as i refer to them . i learned to shut that voice up , and say what i've wanted to always say , and what i know the other person would find ... so yeah ... first time i watched , i made it to 3:30 seconds , started playing it again ... 2:45 i wanted to search for a gun and blow my brains out , ugh ! think i'm going to go get some bbq , n have a beer ... what's up with that tie ? so so so ... sure about her being typed correctly ? i have always been drawn to swat myself ... yeah ... you honestly are better off getting the ipod touch n not having to worry about the iphone contract , and keeping a regular cell phone . that's what i've done anyway . go user cp , then click edit details , about 4 things down it will allow you to select the myers briggs type of your liking . come to think of that , an istp would have found that , maybe i was wrong ... i have not been there . who knows if i ever will . <shrug> doesn't seem something i'd be too interested in . on a related note , earlier this yr i was diagnosed with hypermobile joint syndrome or ... told ya ... the fun police are everywhere i tell ya . back to the op , if you could just turn that n into an s you'd be a total rockstar in my book . i should go passout ... if today was tuesday i'd ... normally , i'm a fan of things jiggling ... but i'm faded right now after a few strawberry long islands iced teas n that avatar is making me a lil ' nauseous ... next time can you pick something that ... thank god you arrived ... i need you to cause a diversion while i slip out the backdoor and go unnoticed . they are watching me i tell you . < begins to whistle , and strolls toward backdoor >:p roud : whoa ... just saw a video of mcgooglan ... whoa ... anyhow ... if you want to label yourself ixtp ... that's cool . but in my book ( the i'm awesome and i know it-the trails of being way cooler than everyone ... ugh ... i'm horrible ... it's prob . better that i don't type it ... eh , f it ... hook up with their g / f's and moms ! lmao . i'm so amused by this post . it's freaking great - in a totally awesome way . i'm in more amused about being labled inxj , prob . for how i've responded to your posts , but i'm reminded of the ... gambling at 18 in a 21 + casino is not being criminal ? did you not read what i wrote . are you that dismissive / ( or as 50 cent would say ) illiterate you can't read between the lines ? wtf ? ? ? plus ... lol ... you don't know me at all man . i'm nowhere close to being between a t and an f . i have no sympathy what-so-ever for darwin award winners or being empathetic at all really . i think steve mcnair ... lol ... sorry i can't help but be amused at this . for me my natural reaction is , fuck yeah ! , you want to redo the test because it isn't entirely accurate . for me , i'd rather not do something , than to ... your going to base it solely off of one thing ? he constantly needs to be doing something when he's in an uncomfortable position . when interviewing , something you can tell he doesn't enjoy he will be ... i was thinking of another poker player myself phil ivey - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia doubt it . if an istp develops to the game properly the advantage is huge at reading situations . there is a huge difference in poker in reading a situation , and then executing a bluff ( having the ... tell him to play poker on the internet . to me , this just screams more of sensing than it does to extroversion . if you are picking between the being an introvert and being an extrovert you are picking introvert , yet the fact that you like ... alright cool ... glad to know there was not a public out cry to pull my avatar from the site ... because that would have made a lot more sense and drop some f bombs involving women , some f bombs involving money , and some f bombs involving the police . when you are done , read into a microphone with some 70 ' s r & b music playing in the ... personally , i'd still put my money on you being istp . a lot of personality descriptions are general and can overlap with other types . i wouldn't be the least bit surprised if you've been conditioned ... you can make an exception ... black hole ... sun ... won't you come ? the reason has to be for sp having other , is because it changes based on the season . when the season changes , so do our sports interest , as does our team colors . i'm perfectly fine with the other ... so what can you do to change the life you are living that you haven't done yet . when a person uses the word stuck , to me it just rings off that things are not going as well as that person would like ... to the op .. yeah you estp's are cooler ... but come on , which type isn't cooler than the intp's ... well besides those esfj's of course . but in the grand scheme of things , istp's are by far the coolest , ... edit much better . eh , it can be illegal depending on how and why its done . i'm reminded of one of my old professors that told a story of one of her friends that applied to sell kirby vacuums i believe during the ... hummm ... i'm curious . i was wondering , do you feel like life is kind of ho-hum and that something is missing / just isn't right ? i consider myself an introvert because i took to the snes star fox's inverted controls fairly easily : wink : that the movie with trishelle from the real world ? if so , that looked absolutely horrible ... even by my standards . lol '