' i was born in 1997 , and i remember 9/11 fairly well - mostly because i live in the northeast , and my mom stayed in the city to help people leave new york , so she didn't come home for like , two days . boys : james , henry girls : emma , georgiana , maybe charlotte girl , i've read morgenthau ! founder of classical realism who ? an icon . my professor : if you had to choose between two military actions , one that is cheaper , and one that is more expensive but saves more civilian lives - - which one would you choose ? my whole class : the ... fi . here's the real tea y'all : bette - extj tina - exfj alice - enfp jenny - infp shane - isxp dana - isfj helena - enxx at the moment , sub-saharan africa - botswana , malawi , kenya , tanzania , rwanda , uganda . in an ideal world , i would like to go to the middle east to see all the antiquities , but who knows if it will be ... spartacus - isfp oenemaus ( doctore ) - istj batiatus - extj or esfp with good te crixus - istp gannicus - estp lucretia - esfj illythia - esfp gaia - estp fi isxp ? the only real outlier seems to be olenna ( but everyone , of all types , loves her haha ) 1 ) alice morgan ( luther ) 2 ) amelia shepherd ( grey's anatomy ) 3 ) caroline bingley ( pride and prejudice ) ... infp claire always struck me as an exfp , to be honest jamie - esxp randall - istp geillis - infj i've just finished re-reading the book for my seminar on jane austen , so i thought i'd add my own two sense in . elizabeth - enfp jane - isfj mary - istj kitty - isfp lydia - esfp mrs . bennet ... i know i've been awol from this site but you can't blame me because i've moved to another country for two months ? anyway i just started this netflix show starring naomi watts , and she places this ... i don't think so - i mean , the job market is shit , and housing is expensive . in some countries , it's quite common to stay with your parents a little longer . once you reach your late 20s / early 30s , it ... ti or fi mbti - intj enneagram ( with wing ) - 3w4 alignment - chaotic good instinctual variant ( so / sx / sp ) - sx / so hogwarts house - slytherin star sign zodiac - capricorn chinese zodiac - rat big 5 ... i use anything by organix - those little weird oval bottles ? i like their orchid one for color treated hair , or their coconut one . having just finished the last season , i'm thinking the black fairy is an intj . she uses a lot of ni , and fi . i like les choristes , le joyeux noel , la vie en rose , les adieux a la reine , and everything from the spanish apartment trilogy l'auberge espanol , les poupees rousses , et la casse-tete chinois ) there are several people at my school over the ' traditional ' college age ( i think the university classifies it as over 27 ? ) . anyway , we have everyone from ex-broadway actors , to people who had ... here's my cereal story : my parents never let me have those sugary , kids cereals growing up . no trix , cap'n crunch , or cinnamon toast crunch for me ! until , last year , i had lucky charms for the ... she seemed pretty esfp to me . super se when she was a child . it doesn't matter to me - - that film single handedly cleared my skin , cured my depression , etc . ( ( also , side note - where do i sign up ... my bedside table has like , four bottles of water , an eos lip balm , some dream catchers i got when i was kid in arizona , and a really beat up copy of the prince by machiavelli , along with a few other ... your scores are : care 86.1 % fairness 69.4 % loyalty 44.4 % authority 41.7 % purity 58.3 % liberty 36.1 % your strongest moral foundation is care . northanger abbey by jane austen . it's not my favorite of her works , mostly because catherine morland is so naive . she really needs to learn how shitty her friends are . i'm watching spartacus and some shit really just went down ! this little bitch illythia bashed her friend's head in ! she really did that ! i feel like really good examples of celebrity infjs are jessica chastain and rosamund pike you are a : chaotic neutral human wizard / sorcerer ( 2nd / 1st level ) i'm an xntj ... also i have no idea what this means so i'm agnostic / apathetic , though i was raised catholic , and my entire family is catholic . i'm not a bitter , ' better than thou ' agnostic , though . i find all religions extremely fascinating , and like to ... you're pretty cool for a white chick . i swear , there is context to this and it really was a wonderful compliment haha . absolutely , considering my thought process is very random and all over the place and fast . 24 i went to disney world when i was 18 on a class trip with my friends , and it was just as fun ( if not more fun ) as it was when i was seven . it's the most magical place in the world for a reason , after ... i'm only a few episodes in , but - margaret wells : estx lucy wells : ixfp emily lacey : esfp charlotte wells : esxp lydia quigley : esfj shit , i've had the opportunity to do this and didn't because of my morality . technically , according to the u . s . government , i am hispanic . i don't consider myself hispanic , and my family doesn't ... i just got back from montreal ! - the once upon a time finale was so cute and happy , it made me cry - cat grant is back on supergirl and i've ascended to a new plane - unbreakable kimmy schmidt ... an immortal , vague feeling rather than a person i'm trying one of those black charcoal face peels ? probably not the smartest to due right before going on vacation tomorrow , but we'll see how it works out ( and how painful it ends up being ) there's this one , i think it's called martyrs ? anyway , it's supposed to be the most disturbing movie / graphic / fucked up film ever made . i think it's because there's this scene where a girl is ... hello lovely infjs or perc , i am not , in fact , an infj . however , i need advice regarding my roommate , who is . roughly 10 days ago , my infj roommate's father passed away . the whole situation ... 1 . myers brigg type ? xntj 2 . would you approach this person ? maybe . tentatively yes . 3 . why / why not ? i haven't read the book , so i don't know what's going to happen - - but the series is incredible . offred - infj ofglen - isfj oferic - xstp moira - esxp the commander - istj serena - esxj ... i've only seen bits and pieces , but - - dexter - ixtx 5w6 deb - exfp 7w6 rita - isfj 9w1 masuka - entp i actually came here to discuss lila - - i'm thinking make enfp ? definitely xxfp - - high ... seems so ! i had pretty much the most important interview of my life so far today . here's hoping it well ! i didn't cry afterwards , so that's a plus . the lizzie mcguire movie , and i have no shame about it . new essay topic to work on : twelve pages on the resurgence of the taliban in afghanistan post 2014 through the lens of classical realism i like my men like i like my coffee . i don't like coffee . innovator ( voe-p ) innovators love verbal sparring . for them , a heated debate isnx 92t a stressful or upsetting experience . instead , itx 92s a source of intellectual stimulation , entertainment , and ... '