after reading this , and the threads you started for confirmation , i am fairly confident you are an enxp e7 , specifically enfp . your post structure , sentence structure , tendency to examine things from ... i'd have to settle down first . how are you feeling these days ? y'all think the bad things you do are ' for the greater good . ' mhmm . infp : life has already been rough , why would i criticize you further ? :( hi friends you put that all so well . especially the part about wanting to be with people for the sake of quenching the burning of ideas by sharing them aloud with another . when i was in school definitely ... he's not head over heels . doesn't mean he doesn't like you . for your own sake , i would suggest considering it a summer fling , and if he moves to your area , fantastic , then you will see him in person ... touche lmao infj fails an opportunity to hit a savage blow at intj ... ni blinding you to opportunities . intj unable to read emotions ... intj takes things personally and puts others down to make himself feel better in response ... i thought it was us nf types who were supposed to be overly emotional ? raise up your inner fi ! thanks iamken and meter 90 and all . my fi must have been acting up when i asked if we could get along--of course we can . world peace . i may come back when i learn more . thanks gilly and eggsies ! very helpful responses . i was serious , and definitely agree that i don't understand fe . there are two people i am thinking of , and we do not have a relationship where ... so i have a question ... do enfps and enfjs ever get along ? what is an enfj at their best like ? would an enfj ever donate anonymously to charity ( and not brag about it to friends and family ? ) i have a ... aelin what confused me is that you said you felt the same way , but then spent half the post talking about a boy with whom you did not feel a connection . also the fact that you said you feel like you ... glasscannon thank you . i think i'm getting a hang of this . aelin are you sure you're an istp ? hi istps , i recently spent a week with my friend at his aunt and uncle's rural home . one of the best weeks of my life , and one of the highlights was his uncle--i felt this intense , understated ... he sure does . the first chapter is boring definitely . i will check it out ! omg i'm dying actually loling . only if y'all keep mentioning me and if i can't figure out how to unsubscribe from a thread . because_why_not why not both , inglorious leader ? ^ _ ^ you missed the insult . just like you miss most social things . but you're right this thread really isn't my cup of tea . i just joined the forum yesterday but you do strike me as an enfj . definitely the funnest people to spar with as they see beneath the words , as it were , and won't really give you a break . in my ... rofl @ last paragraph ! that's hilarious . i can see how 20th century america isn't exactly the most welcoming environment for enfp males , except the few who make it ( and boy do they make it ) . even ... do you mean you talk less ? limit the enthusiasm that you express ? both ? either way , i feel you . i would recommend finding new communities or going to new places / clubs / institutions / whatever . that ... mick travis i feel you mate . a lot of it has to do with circumstance , rather than who you are as a person . for instance , my freshman year of hs ( 13/14 ) i felt very shy and reclusive and like a loner ... flowerpot 92 spot on my friend . i agree with many other responses here and yours especially . oprah , like everyone's been saying , it's less of a ' dumping ' and more of a natural transition to hanging ... face to face is my favorite . however , with my favorite people ( and there are quite a few ) , we are able to have great conversations over text ( preferably through fb as i can type much faster than i ... mom : infj dad : isfj eldest sister : ? middle sister : enfj me : enfp a maternal aunt is certainly an esfp . there are a bunch of other aunts and uncles on both sides i'd love to speculate on but ... i would love a consulting job . how did you get into it / what do you do , if you wouldn't mind elaborating some more ? infjs , you should share your feelings with trusted friends like enfps more . we can help . you don't do yourself any good constantly solving other people's problems ! entps are not known for not having friends ... of the ones i know none are really loners , and the brightest one is actually quite popular . flourine of course i kid haha i just wanted to distract from the tension in the room between those people fighting over ... something . on the real though enfjs can be the worst if they're smart and morally skewed / screwy , see hitler et al . flourine you don't have an istj friend . if you did you'd already know they don't have feelings , just the rules of the culture they grew up in . yall stop fighting now . it takes all types to make the world go round . except istjs . seriously , fuck those guys . yea we're both pretty awesome types . what is there bad to say about intps ? seriously like we've never been best friends but i can't think of anything to criticize . maybe you think too much ? i do too . because_why_not i was . that wasn't directly personally at anyone . i must have been on the wrong page though because there was definitely an entp where i was looking haha . thanks tho buddy pal . i like entps , and spend quite a bit of time questioning whether i am an enfp or entp . you guys have some great qualities , but ... have some tact . you've never hurt me but i've seen you hurt others ... hi all ! i have read many posts and threads from here already via my google , and recently decided to make an account . i have had a very interesting ( if i do say so myself ) journey to where i am ... yes , absolutely ! i tend to get along with everyone , but will often gravitate towards close friendships with women as many men are uncomfortable with emotional expression or discussion . of my closest ...