' never . i had a negative self-image for most of my childhood and early adulthood , mostly because i was different than most everyone else , and subconsciously accepted the perception that * i * was ... you're welcome . sorry so long in responding , but i haven't been here in a few months . : smile : the poetry bug comes to me every few years or so , and then i seem to lose the knack for it until it comes back . here's one that was posted on my personal website for years : three months ago the ... an opportunist who appeals to the lowest common denominator . ( and i say that as someone who still thinks he's better than the alternative . i'm more disappointed in my fellow americans for creative ... honestly ? i think who the hell gives anyone else the right to decide what people and personality types are needed in this world and which ones are not ? maybe some estj thinks i'm not needed or ... in the last few years , you could probably say that i am . what's actually happened is that i have made a handful of close friends independently of one another , and to the extent that they're a ... i've debated that one many times myself . senna was and is the only racing driver i ever tuned in just to watch , and in my opinion he was a better man off the track than on it . he sounded like an infp ... this has been my view on hitler all along . hitler was such an unstable person that i don't think you can nail him down to any mbti profile at all . logically , what entpness said a few posts back makes ... i've been called that before , most recently by a close friend who is 63 and an isfp . throughout my life , most of my friends and even my relationships have been with people older than me , and this has ... if i had to guess : my girlfriend is another infp . no doubt in my mind . that's one reason i didn't give up on a relationship with her when she moved away three years ago , and stayed in touch until ... i wasn't talking about you in particular . and i'm all in favor of imparting a positive perspective to someone who struggles with their identity as an infp . i've been there before , and i've offered ... don't care about race . i've dated outside my race before , and was perfectly fine with it . personality , honesty , and shared values are the most important things to me . did you even care about being popular ? i never did . i always marched to the beat of my own drummer , and if i marched by myself , i was fine with that . i wasn't interested in being someone i wasn't ... i'm amazed that there are so many responses to someone's self-loathing , and that some of the infp's on here actually feel the need to justify their existence to someone like that . i'm about as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hIkAFQjNWI oh yes , definitely . in my case , i spent years of my life either defending my values or being extremely private about my thoughts and beliefs . i finally got to a point in my life ( actually after ... one of my best friends is an isfp . i always suspected she was one , and then one day she read one of my profiles where i mentioned i was an infp . she got interested in the subject after reading an ... depends on the situation . if it's something friendly and not competitive on the part of the other party , then i don't really care much . but if the person is pulling out all of the stops to try to ... i like my music loud ... what do you get when you combine ancient celtic music with gothenburg metal ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQo0fMUdiGg actually , if i remember correctly from a staff development session a year ago , the guy i work for is an entj . we all had to take an mbti test , and i told them from the get-go that i already knew what ... take your time . this is the infp forum , not the estj forum . ;-) seriously , i'm sure it's like that for a lot of us . i just got back on here the other day after not having had a chance to ... bjork and kid cudi , definitely infp . probably kurt cobain was , too . the person who wrote the lyrics in my sig , tuomas holopainen of nightwish , is about as obvious an infp as you can get . send her a letter , and in that letter , tell her to respond when she is ready to do so . you absolutely have to give an infp their space , or you'll just make things worse . the worst fights i've had , ... no , i don't consider myself weird at all . i'm an infp . my normal may not be someone else's normal . i think estj's are weird , but i'm sure they're perfectly normal to other estj's or similar ... this works for me . if i wait a few days and it still is something i think i want / need , then i get it . impulse buying is what always gets me in trouble . stick around . you are the one here with meaningful insight into infp-entj relationships . where infp people have mentioned being bored with the person they're with is something i can relate to ... welcome ! your story is a lot like mine . i tried to be what the rest of the world thought i should be , until i was 38 years old and doing considerable soul-searching of my own after what my life had ... you have to draw the line sometimes . if you don't , it will destroy you emotionally and even physically . i know what you're dealing with . i have friends who know they can count on me and always ... i always figured i would have a family at some point , like pretty much everyone else does . for many reasons , it never happened , and i'm glad it didn't , because when i was in my 20s and 30s , i would ... for a time , when i got to junior high school , i was . same old story with certain other personality types ; they see an infp ( even if they don't understand mbti at all , they know the type ) , and they ... based on how you described yourself , it's extremely likely that you are an infp . the part about not being comfortable in a large group of people is classic infp . infp's more than any other ... if someone says no one wants to be infp , it's because they're not one and can't ( or more often , refuse to ) understand the ones they come into contact with . sometimes it's hard being an infp , ... you are generalizing . as an infp , i can be what people call emotionally needy . i try to keep from putting undue emotional stress on others by internalizing whatever is affecting me and working it ... no . i'm too impulsive and too quick to make a move , not seeing all the possibilities . i can beat most people playing chess in a casual setting , but against a good player in a competitive game , no way . always . i can live with the consequences of any decision i make , so long as i know i based it on the knowledge i had at the time and made the decision that i knew i could live with . sometimes you ... well , i never voluntarily smoked any . i don't believe in affecting my moods or feelings with any chemical substances , including alcohol or marijuana . however , when i was a teenager , i did ... that's definitely an infp poem . as am i . i had an interesting conversation with a friend last week , who commented on how i was different than anyone she knew , in the feelings and emotions that i convey , in the numerous ... that's me alright . i honestly think i intentionally do certain things in order to make it clear that i am an individual . one thing i have said to people many times is that just because everyone ... it sounds like it would be an awful match , but it depends on the people involved . i know from experience that it's possible for an infp to have a successful relationship with an intj , but i think ... yes , absolutely . i have to have a significant amount of time where i am left to myself , or it drives me nuts . if someone violates my space or interferes with my time to myself , rest assured they ... no way . i've been accused of it by a so before , but i never , ever cheated on anyone and i never will . it would go against everything i believe and every fiber in my being . i can't speak for all infp's , but i would imagine it's fairly common for an infp to also be a heavy metal fan . heavy metal runs the gamut of human emotions , and infp's tend to view everything through ... i'm surprised that there are churches like that in germany . i thought those kinds of things were confined to american religious fanatics . we have people over here who are basically christian ... i think there's just something about the infp personality that makes verbal communication difficult . i am terrible at it . i either don't get out the words to accurately convey what i am trying to ... couldn't have said it any better myself ! seriously , there was a time when i felt like i wanted to be someone else . being an infp is very tough sometimes ; i really don't think there's a personality ... i don't like the term , but as someone who had a dream about the 1985 mexico city earthquake two days before it happened , and then saw the exact same images on tv that he had dreamed two nights ... i think if you look up infp in the dictionary , there is a picture of tuomas holopainen . the first time i heard nightwish , i immediately connected with the music , like nothing i had ever heard before ... i think i have known my share of both types . i tend to agree with what adasta said ; estj's are much more difficult to deal with than entj's . i try to avoid estj's whenever i can , because i can't ... i would say that your brutal honesty probably works in your favor with him . infp's value truth , honestly , and loyalty . we're a sensitive lot , but we can forgive someone saying things that are hurtful ... '