' now , that's an interesting idea , especially when you tie it together with what lilysocks said about avoiding entanglements and respecting boundaries . i think the basic importance of human ... i can't make sense of my life experiences without some concept of a mind or soul that is apart from my body . i don't have much background in the philosophy of mind , but descartes ' idea that a ... typically intj's aren't seen as suitable to any profession where we're supposed to help other humans : we're too robotic or logical to deal with people's vulnerabilities in a sensitive and ... right now i'm kind of ... between best friends ? the last person i considered my best friend was an isfp . very moody and needy , but also very kind and passionate . i needed that . i think i still kind ... i've felt for a while that where most people have a definite answer to this question , mine was rather context-dependent , as well as age-dependent . with babies , my stance is the same as with dogs : ... i'm really curious about other intj's ' experiences with having teachers of different types , and how type factored into their style and your learning experiences . i'll share mine to get it started . ... i voted no , but the better answer is , i'm working on it . i'm back at mom and dad's place now , with my rather large family , so if i make anything i either have to make it only for myself ( which is ... communicating is not sugarcoating . the latin root of the word we use , communicare , literally means to make common . people don't get in your way because you don't sugarcoat whatever you think is the ... you'll get better results if you say why you're interested . give us internet intj's a reason to commit to this thread . i have trouble with this , because i don't really admire other intj's . i'm almost too close to them not to see their flaws . nietsche , for instance : all i can hear as i read him is a very articulate ... yeah , that's what i'm like when any number of esfp's are talking to me : i like it , but i get overwhelmed and i sort of shut off all emotion . makes sense . far more important than showing any kind ... i've had to reflect on the possibility that my life has not just been shaped by big things : goals , values , philosophy , aesthetic experiences , self-identity , etc . i've also been shaped by small ... i'm very interested to know what kind of girls are chasing after an intj ... and also what kind of intj gets chased by girls ? anyway , your questions . 1 ) sometimes . generally , we don't like to , but ... sometimes more than once in a month , but really it's only a few times a year ( maybe none at all , some years ) that i start on a suicidal train of thought . it's a little bizarre , but i almost feel like ... intj's are passionate people . sometimes we're dumb that way . i tend to be ambivalent about flirting . it can be very rewarding but dangerous at the same time . what you described sounds to me like ... this is an actual story element of the warhammer 40k universe : humanity has literally forgotten how its miraculous technology works , and its manufacture is now done through a cultic liturgy , led by ... most of these ideas aren't really religions , just vaguely cult-like trends taken to another level . for a religion , or even a serious cult , to gain serious popularity , it has to present a spiritual ... i need more time away from certain people , but overall i need time away from everyone . there will be occasions when a relationship is new , or has recently undergone a positive shift , where i'll want ... i said a combination , but i am biased towards paper . i like having a physical product of my note-taking ( i would print out all my class notes if it didn't use so much paper ) , or a handout where i ... glad to hear it . nothing went wrong with the entp . i asked her , hey , do you want to go on a date ? she took 24 hours to think it over , and came back with , i'm not interested , but i value our ... pingvin_intj 1 . do thoughts of surgery and hormone therapy make you uncomfortable ? 2 . are you sexually interested in women ? 3 . how is transgenderism seen in your country ? 4 . do you think about ... i agree . i think intj's are capable of being very socially and emotionally sensitive to others , but the motivation is different for us than it might be for the feeling types . the fact is that if you ... hah ! i once hated an entp . then i fell in love with her . then she let me down bluntly . we're friends now . i don't know what you think you should be waiting for in this relationship before doing ... you may find this thread helpful . http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/193330-your-ideal-first-first-date.html i hadn't really thought about it as teasing before , but i definitely do things like what you described . i really only do it in a playful way , and where i know and like the person , or where the ... it sounds like your interactions mainly online , which makes it difficult to determine anything about her interest level . factors that are usually very significant tend to take on different meanings , ... blechhh . : frustrating : some of the worst tendencies of the intj type coming out here . i hate it . and i'm sorry you have to experience it . dismissiveness ; miscommunication ; lack of respect . these ... don't blame it on his type . sounds like a pretty awful date , but nothing here makes me want to say , oh yeah , totally an intj thing . i think he was just trying too hard . people of other types are ... i experienced a little bit of heartbreak in writing this response . at one point in my life , i wanted to be a cartoonist with all of my heart . i spent most of my days in middle school and early ... it sounds like you're asking two different questions . i'll try to answer both if i can . the title suggests you want to identify intj's when you see them . this can be tricky , because on the surface ... i want to , so bad ... this is one of the things that i would look forward to the most in a teaching role . class presentations and one-off lectures to my peers can be fun and rewarding , but i miss some of the power that ... whiteiris wow , sounds like you've had some pretty awesome experiences ! i resonate with the idea of setting the example . i view teaching and leading as very similar ideas , and modelling your ... i've had several recent experiences where i found myself acting as a teacher , nearly all of which were incredibly rewarding , and have sparked in me an interest in a career as a university professor ... museum and bar is a pretty good idea , though i would suggest looking for a bar that's not too noisy . the ideal bar for intj's is one without tv's . some other ideas : parks are really good . some of ... no , i'm sure it's not the case with extroverts across the board , just as an introvert may also be capable of keeping a frenemy . the point was more that the enfp motivation comes from feeling a need ... interesting . so it's an extrovert thing . i can't relate at all , but it makes sense now . : tongue : why do you make the effort ? i agree . what i find with enfp's and esfp's is that their expression is so strong , yet i can't tell how strong the underlying feeling actually is . i've noticed that they both have a capacity to be ... become very conflicted about what to do next , and hope that said awkward , shy infp gets over it first . that's what i typically do in that situation . it worked once . yes , coming to terms with a consuming misanthropy is one of the many struggles of the intj . this reality reinforces my conception of the intj as prophet . prophets are never the popular guys ... intj's , how long do you take after a relationship has ended before wanting to start a new one ? for me it seems to take forever , even if it doesn't end badly - - it's been a year since my last ... tell us a story . honestly , this question is so broad , i don't even know what kind of answer you're hoping for . if you were to explain more of what your dating experiences have been , or why you ... romantically ? i have no idea . i've never been tempted to go there with an estp . in other relationships ... it's complicated . my dad is an estp . there are things that i enjoy and admire about him , ... do you like watching films more than once ? this is another thing my intp friend does . admittedly he is much more of a cinephile than i am , but i find with my approach there isn't often much of a ... nope . i'm a pussy . the common cold knocks me completely off my game . it's a fight against my body to do simple things like keeping my kitchen tidy and staying on top of assignments . it's almost like ... thank you ... i think it's just you and me . in this thread , and of this opinion . a thought began to grow in my mind after watching a film with my intp friend . film is something we share often , but i realized , as we were discussing the meaning of the last one we watched together , ... a thought began to grow in my mind after watching a film with my intp friend . film is something we share often , but i realized , as we were discussing the meaning of the last one we watched together , ... fair point , and i think it was worth bringing up . i would qualify the part about parenthood , though . a typical thinker alpha dude who has been raised with good values , gone through formative ... '