' the problem is that a good amount of math is all ' s ' . it requires routine , memorization , processes , etc . etc . it's extremely draining for me . i can do it just fine but it just saps my energy faster ... sorry i'm pissed off at an istj right now the negatives are just flowing through my brain right now . i think intp's and istj's get along great . no intp : ( standoffish , no emotions , do not understand how relationships work at all , really good at being right about things that matter and also things that don't matter at all ... makes no difference istj's ... i wouldn't say ti isn't creative . it is a judging function but you can come to novel conclusions with it . i know what you mean . i've wondered the same thing . where does my p get me exactly ... technically istj's have more friends ... friends . ( people they associate on only the most basic level . ) it's true . meee * that made em laugh out loud . people look at me and they don't realize i'm looking at them back . if that answers your question . very nice . excellent . that's comin from an intp too ... don't istj's realize that all of their relationships will wither if they don't reveal themselves ? i mean doesn't the price of not opening up negate the seeming cost of opening up ? does necessity ... well okay here is my next question . since i feel my internal world is much richer and deeper than the external world i see , wouldn't ni have 1000 million times more material work with ? verse ... my fe drives me to similar conclusions in the presence of istj's . i feel like istj's and intp's or intx's really could get along really well . we are really similar but for different reasons . my obsession with achievement , competence , rationality and ideological ... that was sarcasm sensor . i don't understand why this is ? my inferior function is fe yet i'm still pretty comfortable with emotion . why can't istj's make it happen ? not trying to be rude just trying to figure you guys out ... are sj's really hooked on politeness ? yes but you guys are much easier to get a hold of . so answer my question . is that why you don't open up to other people ? introverted sensation after reading this it seems you people are on the brink of a panic attack at any given moment . what's up ? how does it work ? it seems like ni would be more about generating ideas than ti . ti is just like analysis or breakdown of ideas . yet i often feel like ti is giving me a constant stream of insights . i'm intp which makes me ti , ne , si , fe and i just wanted to know something i think is funny . i am this anti-social , melancholic soul then all of a sudden my fe takes over and i am exactly like the ... i need to brush my teeth , shower , find a shirt , and go to work ... i'm still here ... man i'm crackin up reading that . it's so pathetic how intelligent we claim to be then how pitiful we are at the same time . and i know what you mean . i use that strategy too . take advantage of a ... both my parents are istj ... it has not been easy ... because if we know we can do it , 80 % of the motivation is gone . thinking it through , knowing exactly how it happens , and being fully confident you could perform it is the stimulating part . actually ... i guess i just always have really stupid teachers . i feel like i just have to parrot the interpretations in the lectures in my essays and it just totally stifles my creativity . on a poll for favorite subjects among nt's english pretty much dominated . but does anyone feel like even though you enjoy english the actual classes are horrible ? i'm taking a class right now at ... hahahhaahahhaah me too hahah that's exactly right . haha ---> what's interesting is that i get the impression that nf's are probably more likely to feel misunderstood , whereas nt's are more likely to feel like they're surrounded ... i made an isfp feel stupid yesterday haha . my jokes get real difficult to follow outta no where sometimes haha . does anyone notice going through the various forums here that every type things they are the type most misunderstood ? ? ? i'm starting to think it's just people in general can't understand ... i never for one second of my life thought feelers were deeper than thinkers . fail . on the other hand she knows i'm a thinker . if it bothered her she wouldn't be talking to me still . yeah i'm worried about that a bit . i've never talked to her about anything intellectual and for the most part i only talk about her and her future plants ... so that's good . hm i just have a hard time ... hmm ... well we'll see how it goes . wish me luck . i'm trying to go as slow as possible and still keep it alive . i think she is . what should i do ? i've tried to be vulnerable and kind genuinely interested ... as much as intp's can . i actually got a little upset she ignored me other day i think i was abrasive ... why are istj's so gaurded ? i'm worried i'm being too hard on the istj i like . she's expecting me to do all the work in conversation and i'm getting tired of it . do you think i'm being too hard on her ? i honestly feel like ... i have that all the time . i think it is an ixtx thing possibly . are istj's insecure around intp's imagination or inspired ? i can't tell if i should tone it down initially or flaunt it . there is an istj girl i really like right now . she's beautiful # 1 so that helps . but i think we really like each other for both being introverted thinkers . she doesn't feel pressure around me to ... i'm really leaning to istj or intj . intp is definitely iffy . this person isn't very flexible or spontaneous at all . the intp's i know have a certain amount of fluidity in their interactions compared ... they are either an istj or one of the introverted rationals . all three can appear the same . if i could get closer to the person i would but at this moment i can't . '