' you mean that isn't you in your picture ! : o heheh , i know there are plenty of song threads . but this one is different . it has 2 rules . 1 ) suggest a single song to the person who posted directly above you . 2 ) you haveto listen to the song ... in 10 years , i want to be able to look back at the last 10 years , and smile . :) don't get to the end of your life , only to realize you had been doing what others wanted to whole time . trust yourself , your wants , and your needs . i could go on ... but then i'd be breaking my ... that sure aint selfish . if they actually want to learn what they're paying for , they gotta get their own ass into gear . stealing notes off your roommate only works in college :P it seems people are really into super powers here . i sure don't blame you - it would be awesome :P i wish i could live outside the schedule of the world . and just do everything when i felt like it ... from what i've heard , if you're interpreting a dream , the first thing to do is ask yourself how did this dream make me feel ? , and then compare that same feeling to something current , recent , or ... if you could say 1 thing to all of the infps , either on this forum or in the world , what would it be ? it's late here in australia , and i have a uni exam tomorrow , so i'll keep this extremely quick : trust yourself and your feelings more . you obviously love books and thinking right ? then do ... space cries full v1 . 0 by sup 3rsloth on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free a song i made , potentially for a video game , as part of a game development group . / shameless ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qciVXUHTN10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qt2WbfotkU listening to this song made me feel this way . and so so this song best describes my current feeling ..  .. a feeling somewhere between brainfreeze and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qt2WbfotkU who the hell needs drugs when you have shpongle ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FKoplr-c1k&feature=relmfu i am bored . nope . i've tried 2 different computers with firefox . still the same .. :P have you tried downloading the image , and then , re-adding it straight from your computer ? your picture came up as fantasy-backgrounds.com with the logo . am i right in assuming that's not the one you wanted to post ? :P i would : wake up . realise the meaning of life . go make the best coffee ever made and drink it . design an awesome video game . go hang out with a good friend . go for a walk the park . meet the ... what you just described sounds like a day-long version of ' flow ' . ( flow ( psychology ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia ) haha , i don't even know if it's technically possible to be in a state of flow ... why is that infps make up the least amount of the population in real life , but seem to make up most of the population on personalitycafe ? infact why are there so many of us discussing stuff here , ... maybe the meaning of life isn't all that exciting , and so people will keep searching , to find a meaning for themselves that actually is exciting :P personally i think what everyone wants is to , ... that's exactly how imagine it being when i lose my virginity xd age - 18 gender - male orientation - straight age when i lost my virginity - sometime in the not too distant future .. maybe .. :P ... the fact that everything is somehow a comment on them a person . the way they can get so caught up in a single idea , or dream , that it affects everything else in their lives . and they may not even ... i swear this thread captures exactly how i've felt over the last couple years , and more intensely over the last couple of weeks . so thanks for starting this thread :P logically , i think permanent ... i'm studying first year it and games design at uni at the moment , and loving it . as for careers there are many different ones in it , each with 10 different names , so it can get a bit confusing . ... well it's 2:12 am here . and i got uni tomorow morning . i should sleep . but sleeping is such a waste of time in my opinion : crying : do you like sleeping ? all through history , people have been exactly the same . human nature remains the same . and beneath our different personalities and mbti types , we all want similar things too . is there anyone ... demon days ( the album ) - gorillaz musically - this is amazing shit . lyrically - this is dark shit . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . yes . i totally agree . how bout .. - when someone you're talking to looks away , so you assume they a bored , so you decide it must be ... you weren't just a close friend to me , man . you were my idol . you were like the ' complete ' , ' perfect ' version of me . always in control . it felt like a competition too . the few times i felt better ... i'm surprised this thread hasn't been made yet ... or atleast i couldn't find it on the search . :P so what's your favourite movie ? what's so goddamn awesome about it ? personally , i think ... i'm pretty sure i've been cheated on in practically every one of my relationships , or led on for ages , then quickly dropped . certainly hasn't helped me with the whole trust thing . now , as much ... i enjoy feeling down ( oxymoron ? ) when i think there's a good reason to be . it makes me feel like i'm in one of those really sad scenes in movies . playing the right music while feeling like that ... yeah i know .. it's so much fun ! > : 3 thanks infpblog and listener . your replies are both really helpful . i'm gonna seriously consider everything you both said . cheers :) eddie murphy - delirious . the . best . standup . comedy . ever . kinda too explicit for posting here though :P as for real world things : 1 ) myself , and my lame ass jokes . 2 ) several webcomics . the ... one thing i find that helps is to not take it too seriously . if you can laugh at yourself , without destroying your own confidence , then you probably won't hold onto it as much . now as an infp , i ... i'm a bloody aussie , mate . koji kondo - the guy who made the super mario theme , among other famous nintendo tunes . he is actually an effing musical genius . yeah i can definately relate :P i just found this article , which i thought summed it up quite nicely : perfection is the end not the beginning | infp blog perfection is the end not the beginning | ... you will make the perfect manager . i'm jealous of your confidence ! dissatisfied : that i haven't found the meaning of life yet . worried : am i wasting time searching for the meaning of life ? curious : i am reading some really interesting posts on infpblog , which ... ahaha love the honesty clair :) i think they should add an l to the mbti typing - l for lazy :P i've taken 3 different tests , and always come out as either infp or infj . i can pretty much relate to both descriptions , so i think it just depends on what mood i'm in :P i had this great dream the other night that felt amazingly real . i was in a shopping mall with a glass roof . all of the sudden it started raining down massively . there was wind blowing all through ... now , i don't know if this happens to everyone , if it happens to infps , or if it is just me but .. i find myself having great ideas for art , movies , games ( i'm currently studying game design at uni ) ... infpblog - your big reply about entitlement - that is one of the wisest thing's i have ever heard . thankyou :) personally , i think idealism is great , mainly as long as you don't be stupid about ... oh thanks :) awwh , cmon , i don't think i was the only one being a tad flirty :P thanks andrearenee :) unfortunately i don't actually own that panda hat : are those your artworks behind you ? coz dayum they are amazing ... .. almost as amazing as you .. :P '