' i second this idea . :) i'm not sure that i'd say more loyal or even necessarily better focus . it's just a difference in how you perceive the world . tbh , i feel like sensors ( esp . ses ) ... a bit . i like it at first , but then it's so boring because a lot of it is rote memorization . but the parts that * aren't * rock . ( and i've more or less picked up two . ) that's really too broad to work as a good definition . in that case , no one has culture yet everyone has it , simultaneously . ( often in multiples . ) i'd go for the same things that make for good employees in general : 1 ) able to do their job 2 ) willing to do their job ( without me having to regularly remind them ) 3 ) able to do other jobs , ... i guess i'm unclear as to what the difference is . wouldn't that be a culture , too ? let's be frank , there is no * single * cultural identity even within a culture . i could not point to a ... yup . it's impossible to not * have * some kind of culture . i mean , i'm probably not exactly the best representative of mine , but i'm still a product of it . i'm californian . i speak english and some ... probably that cheese with the maggots in it . it's pretty good ... i'm honestly not really sure . i think it's a combination of wanting to let things develop on their own ( which , to be honest , i appreciate - i get annoyed at feeling like someone is trying to shoehorn ... that's what i do , fwiw . i've left relationships for careers . but i've also left careers for relationships . it's a logical decision either way , though . ( i . e . which do i want more and which is going to ... yeah . although to be fair , while some of it is spark , i feel like there are personalities that tend to just sort of forget more easily than others , while others are much more invested in trying to ... everyone ? i may have to try that . i've had a lot of ( female ) nfj friends who are awesome , as they're like the best friends ever . ( they show up , they <3 you ... well , admittedly they <3 everyone , but still ... they ... i agree with pretty much everything geonerd said . :) as far as being extroverted goes , idk . i'm overly talkative , and i go bonkers if i'm not doing something ( generally in about 5 seconds ) . i ... you'd think . weirdly i haven't found this to be the case so far with either ( it's been pretty normal , i guess ? ) , but that really does seem to be going against type . hmm . i'm now going to spend the ... it can be fun . they tend to be witty little f % ^ * ers . i've also found that the drama tends to be low , since neither of us takes anything personally . generally there's this huge intellectual spark , at ... i have a question for the peanut gallery . :) anyway , just started sleeping with ( sort of dating , sort of not , look , it's * complicated * ) someone i'm almost 100 % certain is an entp . ( this man is ... estp i question everything . i * especially * question people declaring their love . a lot of people do it to manipulate someone else , i've found . not all , but i'm cautious . ( it doesn't help that there's ... generally . not always . if it's a place i really like or really hate , i'll generally write one . also , if i notice that somewhere has no reviews , but i've been there , i'll usually throw something in . ... i'm pretty bad at this , too . sometimes i know i like someone ... but often enough i don't . ( or i like them intellectually but feel nothing physical for them or vice versa . ) i also tend to go either way ... not slagathor ! anything but slagathor . this is so traumatizing , i think i'll never be able to post again . this , obviously . i think it's because they know we want it , so aren't giving it to us . those other lousy signs are giving us a taste of our own medicine . i don't like them . we should invade them . i'll be nice and solve this one for you ... first , remember process order - logs take precedence over multiplication , so what you really have is 5 * ( 2 ^ x ) = 90 let's simplify a bit more . that 5 ... yeah , i've seen a bit of the same with xstjs , although i'm disinclined to say all . ( and i think they try to be objective , just objective without the same interest at looking at a situation from all ... yep . i also have quite a few enfp friends who will go into hysterics about some little thing because it hurt their ~ * feels * ~ ( i . e . a friend sort of blew off a casual plan or whatever ) , but then ... i'm sorry for your loss . that sucks . really sucks . i know for me , when i've had to deal with death , i tend to feel really numb for a while and i think people think i don't care ( even though i do ) , ... yeah , this is where i'm driven crazy , at least by some feelers . ( i feel like more mature ones don't do this , or do less of it . ) i don't mind that people have feelings . we all do . this is expected ... i think it may depend on the feeler , but it's such a foreign way of thinking to me that i honestly can't understand it . i think the closest i can come is when something makes me irrationally upset , ... yep . i will be perfectly offended if someone is trying to do so . but if it's just a matter of misunderstanding , why not clear it up and move on ? no hysterics needed . pretty much . i mean , i suppose that if your goal is to rip someone apart because you're a vicious human who enjoys hurting others , go for it ... but at least be honest that this is your intention . ( and ... eh , none of us is * perfectly * objective . but i do feel like thinkers aim towards objectivity as a goal . feelers , on the other hand , don't even seem to care about trying to disentangle their feelings ... for me , fe is in large part being a kinder , sensitive , more charming person to those i know . it's things like remembering someone's interests ( and asking about them ) vs . just going on and on about my ... hah hah hah . i'd have a lot of fun with that ! yeah , the same . i also feel like i'm called a dick a lot for trying to offer helpful advice . like , if someone is doing something * really * ... yeah , i do the same thing . being around people who treat every event like an emotional maelstrom drain me . ( and i find it hard to take someone seriously who acts as though * everything * is a bfd . no , ... i could see that . :) although to be fair , i think ts in general are pretty willing to bluntly call people on stuff that's obnoxious / offensive / whatever . ditto . being mean to someone just to be mean is petty ... weirdly i used to go more for the throat . now i find it a bit more fun to dance around and wait for them to utterly screw up . but it ... i also just get * annoyed * with people and it's fun to push their buttons if they've been absolute twits . ( such as when a guy is a misogynist a $ $ , i really want to call him on it . i can do that ... we're willing to argue . we're willing to argue stuff we don't even believe in ( as it helps us understand the other side , which to me , at least , is * really * interesting ) . we're also unconventional , so ... very tangential is definitely something i'd associate with entps . we'll start with a long conversation about reports , then jump to paper , then to the paper industry in china in the 14th century , then ... eh , though , this is why that si is vital to develop . idk , i feel like i didn't do as well as i should have in my early career because i had the speshul snowflake syndrome of assuming that i was ... oh , price is rarely the * key * factor . value is . value involves a lot of things that can be gleaned from networking . ( i . e . will you offer me good technical service because you're competent ? will you ... it does depend , but i'd be loathe to say even then that personality is generally the * key * factor . i mean , i * like * it if my accountant is someone i get along with ... but i don't really want to be ... not really . think of the last thing you bought . it was probably at a store and you probably bought it because you needed / wanted it . in fact , you likely had little to no personal interaction when ... i find that's easier to do with any project once i'm really good at it . idk . when i start any new hobby , it's * really * hard to instantly grasp the big picture / what i'm trying to do because i just ... that's a good analogy for where i am right now . i * can * write it , but i feel like i'm trying to do it one note at a time , which is pretty laborious . ( and the results are pretty iffy . ) but i sew ... challenging . i've written a couple of songs , and it's been slow ( and kind of painful ) going , with creating a melody , slowly adding in chords , lyrics , whatever ... but with that said , i've only ... i make a real effort , as i had a lot of health problems in my teens ( which weirdly have all resolved by now ... ) , and i know that monitoring them is the best way to avoid having something seriously ... it's just you . i generally do not like it when business colleagues try to be my friends . i have actual friends , tyvm . i really * don't * want to discuss my love life , political views , or much of ... not at all . i have a few close friends . i just also have lots of friends who aren't close . yes , but they're not close friends , they're just friends or acquaintances or activity buddies .   ... '