' want to dance ? ultimate device of pleasure : head massager . time for you head massager . getting drunk and then touching stuff ... switching from hot to cold and then cold to hot multiple times at the end of my showers . playing / listening to music . sleeping naked in my 300 + thread count ... i don't develop feelings for people unless the other person shows interest first ; then , if they do and i'm attracted , this is almost always what follows : ( 1 ) when i'm alone / idle i start to think ... i had my best friend take the myers-briggs test about six years ago and he scored enfj . i'm in my early 20 ' s and have known the guy since elementary school , which is pretty exceptional for me . i ... i had an old roommate ( an infp ) tell me that i was the most intelligent and genuinely considerate person he's ever met . that's the best compliment i've ever gotten , easy . my tastes have gotten consistently less mainstream as i've gotten older . though really , they were never very mainstream to begin with . my first favorite band was tool and i started listening to ... i posted ! * runs out giggling * this is interesting , good job op . :) i'm all sorts of tan : environmental , logical and sensitive ( in that order ) . hmmm . man . i want to meet an nf chick who's blue , yellow and abstract or ... haha , fussy . you're right too , i obviously did care . hmm . eh , i think we're just being silly . :) with regards to your question though , intellectual connection is the easiest to explain ... wow . i usually try not to judge other people too harshly , but you sound like a totally self-centered piece of shit . :) alright , i respect that . thanks for the clarification . :) i'm studying to become a dentist , so i'm pretty damn familiar with stress , but i would definitely say that regret is worse . don't get me wrong though , i don't say this because i think regret is more ... because it's unhealthy . human beings are social animals , even the most introverted people need relationships ( especially sexual ones ) . plus , being social provides an excellent opportunity for self ... i acknowledge and understand your concern , but to be completely honest , i really don't care what you think . plus , your assumptions about me are wrong . i've been in relationships like this before and ... good advice , thank you . no offense , but you more-or-less represent the model of what i am trying to prevent myself from becoming . i know it sucks for intjs , but luckily i've actually learned how ... me too . i've known my best friend since i was eight . she said friends , as in plural , as in : all of the friends i have , and basically have ever had , were from high school . i shudder at the thought ... do people commit acts of kindness to feel good themselves ? or because it's loving ? are acts of kindness and love actually selfish ? well , i guess feel free to tune me out because i'm an nt who ... yes ! haha , you guys have the wackiest and most imaginative sense of humor i've ever encountered . my best friend ( who i've known since elementary school - i'm 22 ) is an enfj and makes me laugh harder ... it's funny that you mention dating older women eric , because the most successful and most recent relationship that i had was with a 26 year old . she was very mature and i really liked that her for ... my biggest complaint about the girls i meet doesn't involve an absence of novelty , but more so maturity and / or intelligence . unfortunately , there are a lot of stupid , selfish , self-entitled , ... like coffee soulscream ? are you sure you aren't actually asking how you can get your intj to become more emotionally expressive in your relationship , rather than what you can do to make him more appreciative ? because from ... hello fellow intjs and non-intj lurkers . this may sound a bit redundant ( since there is already a new thread similar to this circulating the intj forum ) , but would you guys rather be in a ... what's yours as enfps ? mine would consist of a key west beach outing with my friends and girlfriend that would involve an assorted cocktail of outdoor activities including camping , snorkeling , ... if you are thinking about whether or not someone has a crush on you , you might as well just assume that they do because if they didn't you never would have received any signals causing you to ... rock climbing gyms . sounds weird , but athletic intps eat that shit up . probably has something to do with the logical challenge that each route presents and the variability of the wall options . starcraft 2 . rpgs . i have a penis , but i'm assuming this goes for both genders of my type : we hate crowds . so if you feel like you must take her through the annoying experience of a date , do it somewhere as private as ... that wasn't a literal description , simply meant for rhetorical purposes . appreciate the skepticism though , one of the reasons your comments are valuable . wow . thank you so much . i really appreciate the effort of your response , it was extremely helpful . :) :) :) not tremendously helpful , but at least interesting . :) sorry in advance , because i'm sure you guys get this shit all of the time , but i've met an intp girl recently ( positive she is one ) who i believe is really attracted to me and i was wondering if i ... age 18 : when i discovered that women are attracted to how powerful a man is above everything else and that what determines this power differs depending on the society that you're in . for instance , ... i've slept with three girls and yeah ... the best sex i've ever had was with an infp . she was incredible and was down for virtually anything all the time . the estj and esfj on the other hand , not so ... good tang ? i would be a male lion . that way i could lay around all day and have women feed me ( while they do all of the work and raise my kids ) . :) i'm comfortable enough when people get really emotional around me ( literally all of my friends are nf's ) , but it is intolerable when someone wants me to open up as well . i'm always lost in my thoughts and completely oblivious to my environment . it can be pretty bad sometimes . like the other day , i was riding my bike to class ( as i always do ) and noticed that my ... i'd go slytherin just so i could kick it with snape . :) what is wrong with you people ? this thread is about nothing . how did it get so many posts ? hahaha . ann kane , like a true entp you argue incessantly and without self-reflection . any critical comment made warrants an equally critical response . if you were to lose your fingers i doubt even ... my roommate is an infp . he's one of the most incompetent people i know and is perpetually getting himself into trouble because he never plans ahead or bothers to judge when he is in a bad situation ... wow . i'm kind of surprised by the posts here . there are only about two flavors of response : either intj women claiming to never allow themselves to be touched or intj men confessing to never being ... you're an elitist . it's good you know more intelligent people who can check your ego . hopefully , one day you'll be able to substitute the inferiority that you feel around them for humbleness . ... i like the one's who like me . namely , bubbly extroverted girls who confuse my boring disposition for mysterious . my cousin is an entp . no personal judgments are needed in order to win debates with him . socratic logic works every time . not that he ever admits it when i prove he's full of shit ( which i suspect ... i express my opinions freely on issues that are concerning or important to me , and i'm often not intimidated by who i'm speaking with . criticism on the other hand is more difficult for me to dish ... thank you for your opinions on the subject , i'm enjoying them . i must admit the theory behind mbti compatibility is somewhat flimsy to me ( as well as other aspects of mbti ) . it is obvious that ... lol . you're in an intuitive forum . but i don't see what you mean by hidden meaning . i suppose you must be referring to the non-literal communication . our conversation is naturally imbibed with ... '