' i'm not sure to what extent this is true , but there is undeniable sexual chemistry between me and enfp's . it might be one sided ( that seems to be a slight fear of mine ) , but it certainly feels like ... woops i am relating a little closely to songs like mr . brightside . i have it bad . i don't like being like this . situations like these never bring out the best in me and i always end up feeling a little too ... so i realized a girl was into me ( and that i was actually really attracted to her ) waaay too late . now i'm sitting with regret , man . she is stunning , has a killer singing voice , etc . etc . etc . and ... i have incredibly strong reactions to things i don't like in other people . i've found that a good way to figure yourself out when just starting to ( as an adolescent / teen ) is to seriously consider ... i can see it on the news already : online terrorists shut down every convenient form of communication , forcing everyone to go out of their way and actually see people . can you imagine teens in ... i tested my mom and she came out as an isfj . she's pretty awesome , i love her to pieces . i'm touched on a daily basis . am i doing it right ? teehee you all have it in you to be great . seriously . in other news , an ex of mine might have blocked me from all major social networking sites . interesting ... oh , why was i looking her up ? curiosity , ... it saddens me that some people don't sit down to ask themselves these questions : l i'm always working on being a better me and cleansing negative energy so this website might prove a useful tool . spot on . don't compare yourself to other people or live under the shadow other people's expectations . ultimately , you only have yourself to answer to . honor your own individuality because the ... honestly , it's been an idea that has been simmering in my head for years . it came back up recently , except now i feel as though i actually have the nerve to pull it off . i'll probably let this ... that's a great idea , man . i've been working up the courage to dress up as cupid on a valentine's day and hand out roses and such . i hope it wouldn't be taken weirdly if i said you're really striking ! in a completely platonic sort of way , not coming onto you or anything like that ( it's just not my thing to do that :p ) . i'm ... so after a 4 year long on-and-off tryst with nostalgia , i'm putting that to rest because the past is overrated . i think it'd to a lot of people well if they could just let go wanting to go back , ... i'm really aroused lately . i'm a ripe fruit waiting to be eaten . except that metaphor works better for girls ... hmm . i use to weigh 205 pounds freshman year . i weighed 195 senior year . since ... someone posted something similar to this on facebook because i guess they felt like bringing down everyone else's new years cheer and of course , pointing out that it's just another day somehow gives ... i've been disenchanted lately . everything seems really ugly and where i used to see everyone's good qualities , their bad ones are now staring me right in the face . i can't stand most company ... i remembered what it was that she has . she highly suspects herself to be cyclothymic . it's similar to bi-polar disorder , but a little less severe . thanks for all the advice everyone , it's much ... there are a lot of specifics involved in relationships other than personality types ... but i've found that the mbti can point in the right ( though a little vague ) direction when it comes to ... got a girlfriend . not exactly a rant or anything . she's all enfp n ' what not :P not that it holds any bearing on anything . well , it kind of does , but it's not like , her identity or anything .   ... so the girl i was talking to offered my friend sex . lul , what a waste of time and emotion - ___ - she's also an entp , like i've mentioned . such garbage , all because she wants to fool around with a ... one of my closest friends this year happens to be an esfp . he's turned out to be one of my favorite people . he'll be listening to me go on a rant at one moment , and then he'll be making some odd ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRhyRDwFwk0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrDxSPyrYPc get to see both of them live may 4th <3 entp's . < _ < unfortunately it seems that way . :( cuddled up with this really cute / attractive girl ( who's an intp :O) tonight . pretty interesting , i massaged her temples : o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaA1bSYLPbU that's how i feel about ... so it's been brought to my attention lately that girls find me cute , sweet , and intelligent . : 3 that's awesome , but my egooo ... good lord , this is dangerous ! haha , i don't even know . sleep deprivation is bad . do i have the potential to be that guy ? ugh , i'd like to think not but ... who knows . you bare the slight resemblance to luna from harry potter . i like it :D lol , i meant to post this on the stream of consciousness thread . where's the edit button ? ! here's the picture : ... took a really nice picture with my iphone . uploaded it to facebook , and people were totally on my junk . okay , not really , but it was a really sexy picture if i do say so myself . in other news , i ... completely agree . find someone your comfortable with , not someone who believes in absurd dating rules . i suppose they're necessary though , as like ... a basis for talking to someone . kind of like ... aw :( this sounds like someonething i would do . on another note , the girl i'm talking had a nightmare and called me . she's adorable . i've been thinking about high-school lately . like , ... been called gay my whole life xd . not sure if i've been bullied , ' cause i'm particularly sensitive to the point where i can't tell what legitimate bullying is . since a lot of different things have ... if you ask what are you doing ? instead of how are you doing ? technology is the downfall of civilization and the degradation of meaningful communication . is anyone else really ... what's the word , scarred easily ? or like , small things leaving a gaping wound on you ? tell me someone does . ___ . edit : whenever i need to talk to people , they ... speak for yourself ! :p http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ti1f_DTOvA at around like ... the last third of the song where the piano kicks in , i can hear life . or like , the accumulation of my life and emotions . it's weird ... wow , depersonalization . ugh . porn has been depressing me lately . go figure . is your twin an infp as well ? * four year strong w . the wonder years and others . * the human abstract @ warped tour - a bunch of other assorted bands at warped tour ( scary kids scaring kids , killswitch engage , throwdown , etc ) i sense a sour day approaching . _ . so this person i'm interested in is an entp . what do i expect ? ! i don't want to generalize just ' cuz of some four letters but idk . _ . i used to dread logging on as well . ~ ~ ~ so i really don't know what to do . i woke up feeling really meh , possibly ' cuz of the dreams i had ( which i don't even remember ) . yesterday was great , ... does anyone else have their emotions switch off on them randomly ? i was having the greatest day yesterday and most of today but now it's just a flat-line . i want responses though ! i don't like it ... don't worry , i don't like the idea of one night stands either . i however spent new years with good friends , so it wasn't that bad . gloop streeetch ( see what i did there ? ! ) crunch bliss qualm quantum tranquil construct architect '