' thanks takadox , i really appreciate your advice . i'll keep it in mind . cool , thanks . i thought i had them all lol . thanks for your message . i'm not sure my bf admits that ... although when i went back to him he reacted positively . i know however that i won't bear with being pushed away again . it has to be the ... a very good example is wilson in house . ( and house a very good example of an entp ) . my boyfriend and i find their relationship ( although on a friendship level ) so representative that we watch it just ... what's that book ? i suffer from anxiety when i've had to cope with long-term difficulties . it involves irregular heartbeat and breathing problems . last year , ( at last ) a doctor prescribed light alprazolam to take only ... errr ... gender : other ? ? ? what's alternative music ? ok ... done ;-) and very young - what's the point being a clever entp if it's to behave like an estp ? well , exactly . no one can foresee the future , we can only rely on our first impressions , so what's the point ... online dating is just a means , not an end to itself . it's the same as meeting someone through friends's parties or whatever . i find unhealthy to chat for months on without meeting each other . my ... i didn't - i just wanted to clarify things a little ;) i agree with the ego thing for women too but men ... lol same here : crying : as a child / teenager she never showed respect or even interest in my intellectual abilities . even said one day what's the point being so clever at school if you can't do anything ... lol , you drugged her a lot ;) i've been thinking of seeing a counselor and my entp bf agrees . but i feel shy about putting on a show in front of a stranger . he does this , she says that . euh ... thank you drmiller , i wish he thought the same as you ! : tongue : indeed , i think i understand him a lot more than he thinks and i have told him but not sure he realizes this . one big thing though ... thanks but i think this is irrelevant in the situation . us nfs , are not clingy and pretty hard to stick to someone unless we really think the person is worth it . and he not me ( in the beginning ) ... also , i forgot to say something important : as an nf , you will understand he likes you way before he understands you like him . nts want logical evidence and as there is none in this field are never ... from my experience with entp guys , there will be signs which will make sense to an nf but not to them . just reading the above discussions on whether talking lots to someone is a sign they fancy you ... i didn't get that bit but all the rest makes a lot of sense , thanks . i decided tonight ( just before reading your message ) to break into his isolation as all this had become unbearable to me . i spoke ... that's a bit exaggerated . we infjs are sensitive but very open minded to discussion and not naive when it comes to human nature . if by hurting their feelings you mean touching their ego , then i ... if i undestand well , just talking helps ? even if she doesn't analyze things with you ? interesting ... it's indeed very different from what i would expect from a therapist . oh lord , sounds like my boyfriend : unsure : . he feels rejected / not appreciated for absolutely no reason . then he gets into a pushing away mode which yes , is very painful and very damaging to the ... i don't feel attracted to esfps , other than on a friendship level , probably because i've tried to date a few of them and it never worked . i've had great fun with them though , i love their ... i divorced last year from esfj , also the father of my daughter . we loved each other sincerely and were very honest to each other but i never felt understood . he didn't care much for my dreams , my ... would you be willing to see a shrink ( any kind of psychologist / psychotherapist ) or do you generally tend to rely on your brains to self-analyze and maybe get better ? why yes / not ? thanks for your ... and what if they don't ? what if they start doubting too and need you to prove your commitment and loyalty ? doesn't that show how much in that situation you doubt your own feelings ? this is really ... thanks wildchild . this might sound like a stupid question but isn't that supposed to be more nf-like ? i mean the time to let the emotions settle to see clearly ? to be more specific , i've read on a forum about a lost / unhealthy / desperate entp this : if you ever know an entp that gets like this , the key to their pulling through is to argue back against their ... more specifically my question was about being alone when you're depressed / confused / unhealthy , not just to chill out , or due to circumstances . is being alone a state that is likely to make you see ... hi , i was wondering how entps cope with loneliness . do they sometimes choose to be alone ? can anything good come out from being lonely for a long time ( say , days ) when an entp feels out of ... i agree up to a certain point and that's one of the reasons that can biaise a p / j test . i like goals and dislike not knowing where we're heading ( a lesson for example where we don't know what the ... you can talk people's heads off or you do most of the time ? all the enfps i know can't stop talking and it's not a critique , just an observation ;) it's funny because i thought i was enfp for a ... thanks to all of you for your replies , it feels good . especially that i feel i have almost no one to turn to , honestly . thanks so much for your support . it ’ s true that it gets very ... yes . i stopped having contact with my esfp mother after she told me after one of her multiple emotional outbursts that she would see her grand daughter again ( my daughter , at the time 1 year old ) ... do you talk without stop most of the time ? then you're enfp :-D do you hope / try to help / make people change ? then you're an infj ... with boys , a great deal lol . with girls not at all ... i got used to it and most of my friends were boys . i wasn't keen on girlie things anyway ;) hi , my entp bf has very emotional reactions : he gets annoyed at trivial things , bursts with anger , goes cold then cries ... i can't cope with his moods , having myself a lot to deal with at the ... revolution i understand what you're going through . the problem with this is that it ends up getting obessional and can deeply affect your own sexuality . it's happened to me and it took me ages to recover , and ... i suppose i used to kind of like it but i've grown to dislike it more and more since i've started dating my entp boyfriend . debating with him quickly turns to unfriendly arguing and just never ... i see what you mean . i studied science because i loved rivers . i wanted to wade around , do surveys , join greenpeace , make a change to this world but ... ended up stuck in front of my pc , modeling ... the scoring must then vary from one website to another . i thought it worked like the results from personality.info that a lot of people use around here . that's why i couldn't understand how you could ... i don't mean to intrude but with your n at 50 % , i suggest you may be isfj rather than infj . i'd think it very unlikely for infjs to fall for xstj indeed ... edit : euh ... how can you be infj with ... i don't agree with brutal .. some people get totally carried away by their own feelings ( i'm in looove ! ! ! ) and don't seem to care much about the other person's feelings . i've had this problem many times ( but not with ... my go : let's get high on lsd and have some fun . what did you say your name was ? let's have sex in the car . good , bad , kindness are subjective things . i told you i didn't love you and ... hahahaha ! me too ! that always puzzled my boyfriends ;) lol i loved this ! i think so , yes . some things seem so obvious to us that we can have the feeling that telling others how to behave will make us sound ( once more lol ) moralizing . also , once you've told someone ( to ... i wrote this list thinking of love relationships , but i guess it could apply to other relationships too ( parent , child , friend ... ) . do's and dont's to keep your infj happy : 1 ) listen to him / her ... we love each other sincerely but unfortunately it doesn't seem enough to overcome the impact of our recent past and the present difficulties . and loving him does not mean i can deal with everything , ... thanks aquarian . i'm actually trying to think beyond my feelings and make some sense of things . knowing that a lot of people here have a somewhat similar way of seeing things , i think sharing ... '