' that's very interesting how you're in a relatively continuous blue zen state . i'm curious as to whether this has always been a continuous natural state for you , or is it something you've developed ... a person can be superior at a skill or ability compared to someone else . however , that doesn't make them a superior person . anyone who believes themselves to be superior as a person to other ... this guy : laughing : only a type 5 would ever consider doing a phd paper for fun ... lol i considered it before , but haven't got to it yet . entp because it sounds wonderful being an eccentric extroverted smartass that doesn't take things too seriously . enfj because while i'm great at analyzing and idealizing , enfjs are more eager to ... withdraw , shut everyone out , and focus on bringing back some inner stability . i've spent a lot of my life taking things more seriously than was necessary , but glad to say that with every year that passes ( early 20 ' s now ) i'm becoming more relaxed . it's getting easier to ... i always dream in first person as myself . sometimes i'm in a different body from my real life one , but it's still me though . there's a variety of people i see depending on the dream . sometimes ... probably an owl . they're quiet and observant , look wise and mysterious , and can turn deadly and protective unexpectedly . i honestly can't relate infjs to felines for some reason . owl , wolf , and ... that's really tough to explain . the best i can describe is that the eyes seem to have the appearance of having seen and experienced a lot , like they possess an understanding of things or wisdom ... if i'm out in public on my own , i generally come across as aloof . my demeanor is often described as calm , and having something like a quiet yet strong presence . if a stranger talks to me , i ... i see the glowing outlines of peoples auras , but only rarely do i make out a color . my own aura color i can see pretty well though . it's usually a deep blue with a tinge of green . what are some characteristics you're looking for in a romantic partner ? a good heart , a deep mind , trustworthy , understanding , treats people fairly and respectfully , treats animals respectfully , ... i simply see love as deeply valuing or caring about someone or something . but maybe you're asking something else ... i do writing as a hobby and partially as a profession , however the writing i'm currently getting paid for is for business branding and content . everything i write that's non-business is because i ... yeah , the middle is the toughest part to keep interesting and engaging . i usually try to get the beginning and end decided early , then come up with a midpoint reversal to keep the story going . i ... my favorites of all time : kotor ( classic ! ) mass effect trilogy elder scrolls ( only played oblivion ) cod 2 , cod 4 , and waw i'd say most of the scenes i write comes from visions and dreams , but also from being at a location somewhere and imagining a scenario occurring there and how characters or the people present would ... i'm familiar with the startled stare and have done it before . typically it's brief and i'm aware it's happening , and i try to bring myself back to the cool zone quick because i know it can make ... i'd say i have four different types of stares . there are variations for each , but here's a general overview . the resting bitch face stare - own world , staring into nothing , blank mind , ... my entj friend is the same way . he can talk to just about anyone throughout the day without issue and doesn't require much recharge time , but he also likes to be alone and avoids most social ... the types are shown on the graph in the order they're listed . i fully agree with the chart . those damn entps can really get my head going ... i had a long-time friend betray me a little over a year ago , so i know the feeling of what you're experiencing . it's already rare for us to open up and share certain things with people , so the few ... deep shades of blue , green , gray , and black . they are fun to be with and have a wild imagination . around my isfp friends i know i can say something random and crazy without them reacting strangely to it , in fact they're more likely to encourage ... it all depends . if i'm at a party with friends i might appear really outgoing for the first hour or two , then i'll quiet down drastically at some point . i personally like clubs more than ... i have general or practical knowledge on a wide variety of subjects and historical events . some subjects i go super in-depth with to learn as much as i can about them , or i'll zero in on a subject ... occasionally if something disappoints me or the moments i feel like losing hope on humanity . sometimes i'll do a facepalm for added effect . when i look at an abandoned building , i think about the people that used to live in it . what experiences and events occurred there in the past . i imagine what it would have been like to live there ... be different from what people normally do . must be genuine of course . be honorable and fair in your actions , and you'll be held in high regard by us . for example , if you witness injustice or ... the most hilarious situations are the ones where i'm not supposed to or not expected to laugh . being in a room filled with people and everyone is silent has the potential to kill me . i've had a ... there are so many i like , but writing and filmmaking are most special to me and what i'm best at . introverts have deeper inner worlds than extraverts , and usually process things more deeply than an extravert would . that's what i mean by them having more depth of mind . being ashamed or angry at myself for doing something stupid or not doing something i should've done . making a mistake . a few instances giving myself a good smack for it lol being verbally brutal ... they can both be deep , but honestly i think introverts will usually have more depth of mind because that's where they spend most of their time dwelling . i think an extravert would be more likely to ... i like most weather , except for really severe storms , but even during those i sometimes go outside and walk the streets just to experience the hurricane or blizzard . too much humidity bothers me ... the eyes are a good indicator . intuitive eyes tend to be more ' floaty ' when they look at something . sensor eyes are more solid and straight on . there's a thread on here that tracked the eye ... i think it would be tough for any infj to give you tips because this is something that's done automatically . it's a deep unconscious process that analyzes the particular individual , their body ... 5w4 hot - earl grey tea and organic green tea cold - pure leaf iced tea raspberry / peach / lemon , multigreen kombucha alcohol - blue moon and bombay sapphire you are really one of a kind , i don't know anyone else who's like you for as long as i've known you , it's like you're always a few steps ahead of everyone else i can talk with you about ... i've always admired entps . they have a natural social charm , the finest sense of humor , and aren't easily sensitive . to dispute another person's type through text alone is rather silly . if you know them well in person or video , then it's much more reasonable to make a judgement on their type , especially if it's ... i didn't care much for getting good grades in high school . the main subjects i found interesting were english / literature , biology , and the movie classes . i rarely took most assignments seriously ... i make it a point to show that i appreciate what the person just said . if they're giving me credit for something or a compliment , i'll thank them and give them one in return if possible . if ... remember the creative things you deeply enjoyed doing as a child . maybe you really liked drawing , designing , building things , roleplaying , piano , writing , etc … think of the creative activities you ... i know an isfp male and i've seen him cry once , but he does mostly in private . my intj mom cried in front of me at least twice . they don't seem like the type to admit to it though . thank you for being understanding . i can imagine what different contexts this question can be viewed from . that's for you , my friend , to take the glory in examining . i am using the most generally understood meaning of these two terms . with that in mind and considering the question posed in the thread is there such thing as absolute truth or is there only ... absolute truths will exist regardless of peoples perceptions . perceptions may or may not be true , but an absolute truth is always true . for example , an entire population can perceive the earth ... '