' interesting . maybe i was being controlling or insecure . we life 12 hours ( or 2 hour plane ride ) away . not sure where 1.5 hrs came from . we're in different time zones . yea , i ... i asked him , and he told me . don't open relationships differ from one another ? or is don't ask , don't tell the norm ? we are seeing each other , non exclusively , and going slowly . the idea was that ... if i understand correctly , you're basically saying he overestimated his interest in me . now that the relationship is progressing , he is realizing i'm not really who he wants . is that what you're ... thanks for the feedback , and the rainn link . i may not have been clear in my original post but we are not monogamous . we discussed this from the beginning and that's why he told me about the ... thank you for the feedback . that's more or less what i suspected . he's pretty adamant and open about wanting help so i haven't been too worried about him being able to deal with his issues . i am ... i need advice from enfps please :) i'm a 32 year old female entp , dating a 27 year old male enfp . we met two years ago and had a one night stand . it was one of those chance encounters , we were ... i love talking to ns , and nfs especially . how do you talk to an sf or an st ? hmmm , i wish people in life wore their type around their neck like a dog collar . thanks for your answer . very insightful . can you say more about this example with your two current relationships ? it sounds like you are waiting for some time to pass before you can be certain ... this is incredibly helpful and rings true . i really think people can overemphasize personality type . some people are immature , not ready , or just douche wads . you can have all the mind blowing , ... i like your plan . what about infp ? i've dated infj , enfp , intp . all with varying degrees of success . there's things i liked / could do without for each type . hence the poll . next up , i have to meet some tjs and try them on for ... artofbreaking ha ! so you are a fan of ins generally ? do you like ens too ? i'm not going to list my likes because i think we are all more or less describing the same man . instead , i evolving this thread to its next logical step . ok , we all like the same type of guy . how ... this ! infjs are my favorite people in the world to talk to but i don't think i can be in a relationship with one . everyone on this website seems to be convinced it's the best pairing . am i doing it ... ok , i have some questions for you : 1 . how do you feel about entp women ? 2 . what is the difference between women you casually sleep with versus women you pursue serious relationships with ? 3 ... cloud rattles , that makes perfect sense to me . any thoughts on her type ? she must be an fj , right ? she can be super talkative and social but is also a homebody . she's not into exercise or physical ... cloud rattles , of course we apologize when we really mess up . but we don't give insincere apologies to smooth things over for someone who is irrational . hence the factual , objective statement ... this i think there's some truth to this . when i was in my mid - 20s i really became a bit more withdrawn and less outspoken . i was still very social and spontaneous , but i would be alone a lot and ... i know exactly how i feel . i don't know , i never thought about that before . i'm very sorry that my factual , objective statement hurt your feelings . i know why you randomly burst into ... i'm sorry to hear it's not working out . i know that must be incredibly disappointing . but i'm happy you know yourself well enough to know when to step away . big hug . i wish i was a man or at least bisexual . then i could use this line . #bestdiss ok , it's definitely the britney spears pic he's probably turned off by the britney spears picture . ( i kid , i kid ) . all the stuff you're describing sounds normal for entps : spontaneous , suggesting activities , hanging out with groups , ... which infj thread ? i checked out a few and you guys were kind of assholes question for entps : do you ever get the impression that the same pattern repeats on this tread ? youngish females come on this thread , sounding very serious and desperate for help , expecting us ... i hate to say it , but he has a point . when a guy says , i can see you being the wife and mother of my kids , but i'm going to keep fucking other people and you can feel free to do the same ( cus , ya ... lmao ! ! ! that is the best reply i've ever read on this site . state of constant anxiety and sexual frustration = accurate description of 90 % of people who look to the internet for love advice i feel like you are describing a gender disconnect more than you are describing mbti . i'm very likely to ignore car issues and rely on men to point these things out to me . for all my emotional ... when i said young , i meant mid-twenties . you didn't sounds like a highschooler . i appreciate your emotional maturity , because of life circumstance and personality type . infjs tend to be emotionally ... going back to question , it's hard to follow what you are asking . your original post doesn't make sense to me ; it's not clear who is doing / saying which parts because there's a lack of ... i definitely test the other person in the beginning . i like to push buttons and figure out how far i can go . don't all women do this to some extent ? maybe not . i don't play head games once i'm all ... i agree with all of this with the caveat that a guy i know can compliment me , as in saying , you look nice tonight . i think regardless of type , women want men to notice the effort they put in . ... to be clear , i always think direct , open communication is best . but she says she has had multiple conversations about this with him , that generally he tries and is moving things along at a reasonable ... it's already been asked but , how old are you ? i'm guessing you are in your 20s ? drmiller 100 guessed the same age probably because your situation sounds like something that is not uncommon with ... it never ceases to amaze me how much people seek to attribute to personality type . i've been by numerous people's death beds and taken care of my family since an early age . but things like gender , ... lucky entp gal . a super sexy infj who knows how to ignore terrible advice from entp men is headed her way ;) i'm usually super mia in this early phase of courtship and guys who don't persist and ... this . <br> <br> where are you getting this ? i can explain exactly why we're convinced marriage is a prison . <br> <br> the part of me i'm scared would die is a part of me that is core to my sense of self : ... i work for a political organization as combination lawyer / strategist / counsel . i started out in college being very active in organizing students on campus for various student issues and ... wow , thank you so much for the thorough explanation . i'm trying to take it all in . can you explain in more detail the difference between fe and si ? maybe i should clarify . i remember being 19 and realizing i had feelings but i didn't know how to tap in to them , address them or connect to them until about 28 . i should have clarified that my comments were in regards to emotional maturity . i had a steady career at 21 and have been developing it successfully for the last ten years . no problem in the job ... this reminded me of you . good luck with everything . ... age 2 = memorize all my story books so i could fake out the adults and pretend read by turning the page at the right time age 6 = carry on adult conversations age 9 = sound remarkably smarter than ... ok , now that you two are done stroking each other , allow me to interject with a female opinion . so much of mbti is moot in the face of gender differences anyhow . here are some questions that ... can you explain all this ? i'm not so fluent in the lingo but i have been changing a lot over the last few years . my emotional maturity seems to be kicking in and i'm eager to sort it and understand . do infjs worry a lot ? it seems like they put a lot of thought in to things and analyze the crap out of stuff i never notice but then they give off such an air of bravado that it always surprises me ... fascinating because nk and i were just discussing this in another thread . we decided the combo has to be entp guy and infj gal . why do you think this gender combo works better ? what do you mean ... my first love i was quite young . i was 17 , he was 19 . it was like something out of a movie . i was convinced that no two people had ever felt this way before and thought we would always be together ... '