' howard hepburn : i know that every celebrity puts on an act for the public , regardless of type . still , i believe that emma watson is isfj . istj ? i don't know any - - yet . but emma watson is an isfj , ... istj would mean te / fi . she's a fe user ; that's why she smiles so oddly . she's shy and she's being photographed all the time . she's faking the whole businesswoman-y thing . not all perfectionists are ... she is such an isfj that it hurts . were she an esfj , she'd probably be less fearful ( ne = not inferior , but instead tert . function ) . she would be more reluctant to use her ti . enfj = ni / se . no , she ... * leads to isfjs acting like ... what i meant that isfjs almost always end up behaving like an esfj / intp mix . they see clearly that tj-esque humor is generally viewed as better - - sharper , and so that kind of person ends up ... you know that esfj / intp mix you're talking about ? it's called isfj . i'm serious . isfjs are often absurdly talented at acting like they're not . i wager she's one of these individuals . what ? what ? dom / aux si for some is absolutely incredible and not at all the ingenuity-stifling function for metaphorical robots it is commonly perceived to be ! twinanthos i don't know about se , but living in a strongly si world is wonderful . occasionally frustrating , but at times absolutely beauteous . i'm much too fe to be a fidom . the only reason i'm not buying infp snape is that he just seems to be naturally te . his ingenuity doesn't mean he has to be ne-dom or - aux ; when ne is needed to save the day , i don't know ... he's ... luna isn't a 4 . she's not dramatic and doesn't want to stand out ; she just does . sorry . may i delete this ? i should have put this in spam world or something . it was never meant to be serious . that eyeroll emoticon is killing me . based on my posts , what do you think ? ( i'm sure of fe and ti . ) si and ni aren't as simple as past and future . taylor does appear to find seeing the possibilities rather easy , but all types can be the same . what we have to consider is in which function it's ... intp , but the only part i'm sure about is the i . so i heard y'all were talking sh * t about me . kidding . i don't see much fe in luna , which is why i don't buy exfj - - but it's there . ( we in ravenclaw ... , etc . - - always seems to want people to ... obviously , but i don't think it does the way snape does . as for his ne , it could be not so easily detected because it's his lowest-order function and he's in a si-fi loop . possible . i see ne-si users rushing to conclusions snape-style , too . his doesn't come off to me as the ni i know it , i just know it ! - - more harry potter is the spawn of james potter , who is 100 % a ... i was so off about two - - she's a sensor . does anyone else think lupin may be isfj ? ugh , that was before i took functions seriously ... i think now that o'brien is istp . i see fe , but it's low-order ... i don't reckon he's an fj of any sort . entp seems possible too . i've the perfect mug for infjs . ( see image below ) http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/236x/ef/6e/5f/ef6e5f8543411dc28a10c4e66615fdfb.jpg yes ; you're just a snot rag . but you're everyone's children , infps . : > what are you doing ? infp , no ! go to your room ! i wouldn't claim i'm the most fi in our family , but i did show plenty of it as a young child , which clashed with what they always told me to do ( fi + other functions ? fe ? something else ? i'm not ... is luna more fi or fe ? probably fi . i do think , however , she demonstrates a considerable amount of fe in the fifth book . i can't be sure , seeing that i don't comprehend the functions as well as i'd ... in angelcat i trust . she's an industrious college student on the brink of graduating . a grandaunt of ours and she are exceedingly close , and she is very , very loyal to her . she is only a trifle less so to her friends , ... the world needs you and your broad grasp of the world , intp ! go and ... you're trying to bring to life pokemon cards ? which baby ? this baby ? :) ( also , that was supposed to be in all-caps . sorry . sorry . anyway , i shouldn't have used ' goddamn ' . it just seemed inadequate without a cuss word , and stronger ones would no doubt feel like a decided ... i'm so sorry i was making a username-based pun i'm so sorry stop gazing at stars and find your personality type , you goddamn grasshopper . wouldn't you love to get it before he does ? what's your mbti type ? [ winks ] enfj oh , no , no . there's no way ollivander's an istj . i'd guess in-something . daniel sharman's enfp , like holland . dylan might be isfp ... oh , wow . i didn't notice a similar thread's already been created . i'm sorry ! can anyone delete this ? evanna lynch portrayed luna lovegood in the last four harry potter films . she had beaten over fifteen thousand other girls desirous of the role she'd be shortly after be well known for . at ... after watching a couple of their ( old ) interviews , i began wondering what their mbti types were . i strongly suspect daniel sharman ( isaac lahey ) and holland roden ( lydia martin ) are intuitives . ... julia - estp winston - infp hm . i've always seen o'brien as an inxp . again , i'm sorry . i'm sorry . regarding luna , well - - i - - i frankly think that people type luna as infp because of evanna lynch's portrayal of her , which jo loved and caused her to alter the character to suit it . initially , she ... dumblydorr ( read : joke . this is how madame maxime pronounces dumbledore's name , which i incidentally do in fact know how to correctly spell . ) is probably inxx . i'm speculating harry is an istp ... '