' up north by pale young gentlemen . excellent artist that i've discovered during my pandora listening days . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8P2vQ3i1kHY&feature=related definitely my favorite song from queen . welcome to the forums ! welcome to perc , fellow idealist ! how i got misatange ... i was probably ten or eleven or something younger than twelve / thirteen . i found it when i was in my rpg maker 2000 phase . ( rpg maker - program that lets you create rpgs ) i ... you mean introverts ? yes , they do . i highly enjoy fantasy books , but i have little to no time due to school . back on topic ... i have an isfp friend who enjoys manga . if that counts . usually i wear something casual . a pair of jeans and a nice shirt would do well for me . i hate dresses and blouses but i would wear them if it was the occasion , but even then i wouldn't like to wear ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwc0AW67CmA ... when you say ' type ' you usually mean mbti type , not ' your type of boy ' or ' typing on a computer . ' nichijou's op http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Be68DOEWUs random fact : all of the voices are provided by hyadain . positively ? istj mother - strict , but kind and caring . teaching me get things atm . negatively ? my enfp ' best friend ' from several years ago . after realizing that she was just pretending to be my ... ... huh , i think my friend is an infp , but has a little more e than me ... ohai . a welcome to the nhk ! image here in this thread . hi there , welcome to personality cafe ! enjoy yourself ! i love the rain as well . as for you unsure of your type , posting a topic in this place might do well . for me , i was unsure if i was really an ... you post a little too much on ' comment on the list above you ' and you feel bad because no-one had a chance to comment on someone else's list . listening to music was wondering why my signature wasn't showing until i saw the ' show your signature ' checkbox , lol ... replying / lurking in perc's topics filipino and proud of it . born in america . huh ... i do remember faces more than words , definitely . but all in all , i can remember the general idea of something . ( i could summarize up the play half of the school did together ) i could tell you ... you are a wolf ! ( your score : 27 ) 27 characters : marek , alanka , kerza , and kara in the aspect of crow trilogy and storm reaper ; lance in the wild's call powers : stealth , hunting ability , ... 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . below 4 . yes i looove traveling and exploring the world . i'd like to try different food , have a few tastes of different cultures . i have visited so very few countries and states though , i really want more . i'm of asian blood ( filipino ) but born in america . i'm an infp and proud . my enfp friend is also filipino . rereading eragon atm . i'd laugh at racist filipino or american jokes . ( i'm filipino and i'm born in america ) oh , i most definitely do this . most recently , i've been obsessed with england's two songs , especially pub ! pub ! go ! yes , i do that quite a bit , only realizing i've said the wrong thing later that day / night . http://shojolover.files.wordpress.com/2009/02/hetalia5-8.jpg in fact , every single picture that shows chibitalia's cuteness . ... smiled at this little joke . i think the nfs would join forces with their friends and be support . if their friends betray them and get killed in the process , oh well . alone , i doubt they could ... wearing pink / red . i love writing . short fictions , mostly , or unbelievable crossovers . ( thinking of a high school of the dead x lucky star crossover right now ) i love anime and i could animate if i wanted to , but i ... when you go assist a bug in dire need and feel joy when you're sure ( wait ... is flying a good thing ? ) that its safe ... bacon . oh , how i love my bacon . i've just finished clannad and ~ after story ~ yesterday . so ... ( also , i'm new to ' typing ' types ) clannad nagisa : enfp tomoya : esfj ushio : enfp kyou : esfp fuko : enfp youtube - clannad ed - dango daikazoku [ eng sub ] seems like a lullaby and have that emotional feel to it , which is good since the anime is a fine mixture of drama , romance and comedy . greenbough , we're not talking way too narcissistic as that , though ... we're just plain old narcissistic . anyway , back on topic . 1 . you use logic everywhere . 2 . when you don't see things that ... youtube - amagami ss op [ tv ver . lyrics + ddl mp3 ] and youtube - new hetalia ed 2 - hatafutte parade hq that definitely sounds like me . thank you , rachel . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr-rMPczWSA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6MltGHO-lE i prefer to listen , but ... i talk a little too fast and i trail off mid-sentence often . i'm pretty new to the mbti personalty types ( though i'd love to learn all about the personalty types ) and quite a few tests confirmed that i'm an infp . knowing that you're only answering questions in ... avatar : the last airbender is playing ... i love that show . nothing much is happening . : | hmm , something like that haven't happened to me before , or at least that's what i remember . well , i'm not psychic , but this is certainly interesting ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAi3VTSdTxU&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2AitTPI5U0 it has a nostalgic sound to it ... and i didn't even like michael jackson that much back then ... congratulations ! http://www.dogslivehappy.com/images/pretty_dog.jpg ( more like cute than pretty ) show me one of the 2010 summer anime . i write . usually fanfics about the things i love or maybe an episode / whole anime series review . sometimes i end up writing a whole essay for a simple game review . i started two blogs and deleted one ... you're weird . are you okay ? japan russia italy greece china england scotland misatange ( misatange ) | formspring ask me questions and i shall answer . '