' 29 out of 36 as well . which is actually remarkably high considering i was diagnosed with asperger's about 10 years ago . maybe i've just trained myself to recognize facial expressions . dunno . it is ... oh yeah , definitely . they have dating profiles , diet regimens , and career advice all based around what your blood type is . there's an entire subculture built around blood typing - it's super huge ... potentially . it really depends on the person ; the door slam is a subjective reaction , so what will trigger it precisely is going to vary a bit . if i had to hazard a guess it's possible she's ... so i was curious if anyone's tried to type the characters from the metal gear ( solid / rising / etc ) series before ? given the complexity of the series ' themes and the number of characters it features i ... greetings , enfp and welcome to the forum ! i'm an infj . glad to have more intuitive feelers around ( though all kinds are welcome ;) ) . damn , that's a difficult situation you're in . and assuming you're being honest ( which by default i do assume with posts like these ) pretty baffling . but i'll make a try of it . it sounds like what ... definitely . when someone i care about is really happy or enthralled about something , i feel happy too . i mean , isn't that what being proud of someone is ? you feel good for them , not just about ... so i'm not sure what the protocol is for revisiting subjects that were discussed earlier ; whether it's better to resurrect an old thread or start a new one . i saw a few people do the latter though , ... while it's certainly true that different countries have cultural predispositions that affect the mannerisms and behavior of their people i'd hesitate to classify any country as one personality type ... i'll admit i'm a bit surprised at that daenerys hate . from what i understand she's usually typed as an infj and that besides she's got a pretty fervent fandom in both the books and the television ... these days i mostly avoid making resolutions because it seems as though there's an unspoken consensus that you don't have to keep them . so what's the point really ? instead , i just hope for a good ... allow me to join the manifold chorus of welcome and happy new year ! glad to see another intj around ( i'm an infj myself , but i know quite a few intjs and get along with them relatively well ) . greetings , intp ! i'm an infj . supposedly that means we should get along but then i find most people agreeable : happy : . hey fellow spheniscid and welcome to the forum . i hope you enjoy your stay : happy : . this place seems pretty friendly to me so i think you'll do fine . speaking from personal experience , i would gladly take both , but i feel more warmth when i do something for someone else that's heartily appreciated than when that someone does something for me . it ... i believe you can . i don't believe it's typical for people to change completely , but there's a fair amount of evidence in the field of psychology that people can change a lot over several years . a ... i'm sorry you're in such a bad spot . i'll try to help however i can . i can relate to this . i wasn't exactly a straight-a student in high school , but i was definitely singled out as ... it used to be really hard to get me to cry during a movie or a tv show . now i tear up really easily , especially when i already know what's going to happen ( this applies for both happy tears and sad ... ha , that's so typically me . my favorite kind of games tend to be rpgs , but i enjoy a large swath of genres and i really enjoyed rts games like age of empires ii : the age of kings or homeworld as a ... i think it's very interesting that you've typed yourself as an infp even though you test as an infj . i'm not saying you're wrong ; it's just that from what i've heard it's far more common for people ... i'm in my mid - 20s so theoretically i'm finishing development on my ti and beginning to develop my se . but here's the thing : i don't think mbti types fit to a particular set of cognitive functions as ... it's a bit hard to explain . i wasn't in love with her when i met with her or very soon afterward . we were just friends , though good friends at that . she was also married at the time , though she's ... i admit that may be an issue . her boyfriend and i have had pretty civil interactions up to this point but telling her and the fact that i'm offering her permission to tell him may indeed disrupt ... allow me to offer a warm welcome to you , stupidgenious . i think my youngest brother's one and we get along fantastically , so it's great to see another around . i hope you enjoy your time here . i've ... it's possible . she's fairly perceptive and i've been so emotionally expressive in our relationship that i can't help but wonder if she knows sometimes . but a close friend of hers i suspected already ... she already knows i'm very fond of our friendship so i suppose what i want her to know is that i'm interested in her romantically . but i also don't want to give her the feeling that i'm coming onto ... sorry for the long response time . i'll try to get back to each of you as quickly as i can . fair enough . i can't really ask anymore than that . i have not been in her position ( or yours ) ... alright , so i've been meaning to ask this for awhile but i've put it off because i wanted to get to know the community a little better before making a go at it . fortunately , the forums has turned out ... i think that's a pretty outmoded , deterministic view of both sexes that research and my own experience shows isn't nearly as accurate as you portray it to be . okay , i'll take a shot . yes , you're probably moving a little fast , since you've only known each other for a short time . but it sounds like she likes you a lot and she enjoys talking with you , so ... fair enough . for what it's worth , i don't think idealism is foolish or that we should shy away from calling ourselves idealists . i'd rather be a romantic who's sometimes disappointed in life ... oh , you misunderstand me . i'm not saying you should ever tolerate serious problems in a relationship if they get in the way of either you or your partner's enjoyment of one another and life . i ... openness is probably the best route , i think . it's hard and it puts you in a position of vulnerability , but it's better to make your expectations clear than hope they figure it out themselves . ... i agree with this though i don't think i'd put it quite so harshly . i think dating works for a lot of people and i won't begrudge someone if they want to start out that way in a relationship . but ... wow , that's painfully accurate : frustrating : . i don't like to admit it , because i feel it's unfair to my friends , but i really do get anxious when contact isn't regular . but at the same time i don't ... oh , definitely ( speaking as someone who suffers from both as well ) . nothing goes together quite like fe and depression : frustrating : . if that's the case i have no doubt that he's mostly worried ... it's hard to say . like i said , i'm not very experienced . here's the thing : infjs fall in love very hard and very fast . if he's an infj as you say ( and i trust your judgment ) he's probably already ... i'm not very experienced in this territory but i'll try to help however i can . one thing you should know about introverts - of every stripe - is that we're not very comfortable initiating social ... hmm ... an interesting question . i'm still not used to trying to type people other than myself , but i'll give it a shot . to start with , i think both of my parents are sort of ambiverts . my father ... actually , upon consideration , that does make more sense than the other way around . i'm not sure what you mean . do you mean that you talk to yourself within your own head , hashing out ideas and questioning yourself and such like ? i can relate to that ; my mind's never quiet per se ... i tend to think of shame as being something that's inwardly directed , where you feel bad towards yourself for failing to meet your own expectations . whereas , guilt is more about acknowledging the ... jesus is unusually hard to type , because we have so few sources on him and his characterization within the gospels is somewhat inconsistent ( disclaimer : i'm religiously minded but i don't adhere to ... i'll have to agree with those who already said rejection . one of my greatest fears is failing to live up to the standards of others or the ones which i have set for myself . i worry far more than i ... i'm personally kind of skeptical about the mbti's utility in career advisement , even though that's one area where it's used a lot . don't get me wrong , i think it really can tell you a lot about your ... they're basically a metric of how well any particular component of your mbti score fits you . the fact that they run from 1-100 % is a little bit artificial and may give the wrong impression that one ... it's kind of cliche , but i often take a shower and try to lose myself . the hot water helps to cool me down , when i'm feeling really stressed . beyond that i'll often try to distract myself by finding ... i am thankful for the close friends i have and a family that cares . i'm thankful for the talents i have . i'm thankful for the second chances i've been given . and i'm thankful for having a place to ... welcome , fellow ( maybe ) infj ! i'm not exactly sure why , but i've heard that intps and infjs are pretty similar and sometimes mistaken for one another , to an extent comparable with infps and intjs ... hmm . interesting . i'm also an infj who's been diagnosed with asperger's , so i can relate to a lot of what you're saying . i think a lot of people confuse the fact that people with asperger's have ... '