' anthro's not psychology . it's much more focused on culture , history , ancestry , etc . there is a subfield of anthro called psychological anthropology , which is focused on mental processes though ! there are four different branches of anthropology : cultural , biological , linguistics , and archaeology . then there's also a bunch of sub-branches of it , like medical anthropology , forensic ... my major is anthropology . i think it's really the only thing i could do because it just brings me so much personal satisfaction . the way i look at the world is constantly being challenged and ... feelin ' like the pile of shit that i am . school is very very easy for me . i can pretty much get an a on almost any test without studying and it seems like on most of my essays i get higher grades than people who have put in twice the amount ... sometimes i daydream about myself having someone else's personality traits , but it just exhausts me actually trying to do it in real life . i usually settle for incorporating a small piece of their ... i'm walking around the streets of chicago at night and they are empty and bare . i hear the sound of a lonely clarinet echoing across the tops of the skyscrapers . there's no one to listen and it ... i am definitely an atheist . i was also raised christian , but when i started actually taking science classes and learning about the world away from my sheltered , homeschooled christian lifestyle , i ... this reminds me of a ted talk one of my favorite professors gave . 10/10 turkeynuggs would recommend you watch this if you have the time . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpqUuLgi9Mc i only read the first page of this thread , so sorry if i'm repeating something that's already been said . i don't think religion will ever vanish completely . religions start partially to help ... springtime - pierre auguste cot gates of dawn - herbert james draper bathing girl on a rock at the seashore - renoir new york movie - edward hopper young gardener - orest kiprensky this was ... that i'm a fuckin weirdo . this is phenomenal news . i'm going to add it to my resume right away . my score is 100 . what does that mean ? i want the answers . either a lamb or a miniature horse . they're just both so peaceful and fluffy and i love hugging them . why are you so introverted ? we need to fix you . or people just laughing at you for your odd behavior . thank you , i spent a lot of time making sure my makeup looked beautiful . i have a whole photoshoot of these , waiting for a modeling agency to contact me . wicca interests me very much , as do the druids and zoroastrians . i'd probably chose wicca though . i love how mellow and fun they are . i went to an ostara ceremony for an anthropology of religions ... 115266 i am not a model , i swear . no paparazzi , please . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR2nM4-ki5A i attract chocolate . i'm looking at this while i'm babysitting my one-year-old nephew and he is dying because he loves that turtle so much . he cries every time i try to scroll away . i want to avoid people for my life . i'm afraid of never being good enough for my dreams and aspirations . i'm afraid that my fear will hinder me from trying to achieve things . i would be crushed ... padum ch . oh god , i'm so sorry . i do this a lot ... i should stop , but sometimes it's too hard to deal with being sad . not realizing that there is any other option besides being alone . not necessarily lonely , just alone . i basically live by the bukowski quote : “ sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think , i'm not going to make it , but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way . ” i love all of the sauropods ! ! i don't know why , they're just cool . also , have any of you guys heard the recreated parasaurolophus call ? it's amazing ! ! ... my bed . in a completely non-sexual way , i mean . i just think my bed is the bomb-diggity . i've always hated holidays . it seems like every holiday we had when i was growing up led to an argument within in my family with lots of screaming and sometimes physical violence . i've never had a ... cry . sometimes i can balance okay on moon shoes . caution : very gushy , sweet love story ahead . it was a lonely night . all i wanted was some company . so i picked up the phone and made a call . about half an hour later , the delivery boy showed up at ... hopelessness . i love cats . i've found and raised two feral kittens . one of the little angels was so little i had to bottle feed her . that was the highlight of my whole life , probably . quietly , i said , miss r . , quietly , please . 94390 i used to not have a preference , but then one day i discovered these and now i refuse to use anything else . i only use blue ink . it's weird and kind of sad . i just can't write without them . i do the singing thing too , but mostly as a nervous habit . i can yodel and i know how to play a bunch of useless instruments , like the musical saw . i can also pull off a russian accent very well . i don't believe you would be capable of love if you had no empathy . it sounds like you'd turn into some horrible demon . so no absolutely not . i want lofthouse cookies so bad . i'm sorry , too . i just don't think anything i make is good enough to post . i really enjoy all of your things though ! pretty much only spotify . i have itunes installed for my phone , but spotify is the only thing i use to actually listen to music . probably that don't think anything i do is good enough and that i'm too quiet . i also agree with upstream salmon in that i'm scared i'll never be happy . that was so beautiful . the harp is probably the most beautiful instrument i've ever heard . in my bed . malts my dreams . '