' plot twist : every single one of these tests was programmed by one intj . feelers aren't defined as being empathetic . feelers are defined as making decisions based on their subjective opinions on certain aspects of each choice . this tends to overlap with empathetic ... that's not getting back at us . that's giving us a hobby . i can't say i like surprise elements all that much . ni is all about narrowing down future possibilities based on what took place in the past and surprises throw a wrench into that . that isn't to ... in what world do we come off as bigots ? finding one woman worth marrying is hard enough . first thought was applications in farming . if a farmer could dig trenches through land and grow things on the sides of the trenches , the total harvest from a given bit of land might increase ... i would've matched them : sfj - slackware - remember the good old unix days ? stj - debian - don't fix what isn't broken . move forward cautiously . sfp - mint - skip to the fun stuff ! ... intj i like practical clothes that are easy to clean and have compartments for holding things . when i go out i usually wear a short-sleeved collared shirt , slacks , and possibly a fabric jacket if ... i wouldn't really see that as generalizing the person being described . they're shallow descriptions of the people as a whole , but they need to be for the sake of brevity and for the sake of the ... quiet rooms in which you can't hear your own blood moving are more discomforting . we don't necessarily have an obsession with telling the truth . injs might be more inclined to use words that convey the exact state of something because of te tendencies , but i theorize that nts are ... pretty much everyone prefers silence or a monotonous sound like water flowing when trying to concentrate on something . the real difference is how people react . depends on the mistake . if it's a social matter like forgetting to shake hands , i'll ignore it . if it's a practical matter like not applying thermal paste properly , i'll tell someone . if it's a ... i'm interested in what you think the differences are between ni and ne when it comes to humour . i'm pretty sure i use ni ( i could be wrong ) , but i thought one of the funniest parts of intuitive ... the moon is definitely an isfj . it doesn't socialize , it hasn't done anything different for thousands of years , it inspires poets , and it keeps a schedule so strict you could use it as a calendar . ... isn't doing things to find out how people react 80 % of socializing ... ? sometimes i do weird things when i'm alone in public . things like walking in circles clockwise while rotating ... i remember people almost exclusively by their avatar . i rarely look at the poster's information while i'm reading , so i depend on peripheral vision to see who's posting . incidentally , i find large , ... but what happens when an entj has some incentive to act emotionally warm ? and how badly would an intj mess up being emotionally warm even if given all the incentive in the world ? this whole thread is like someone found the word ductile and everyone is holding up different objects asking if they're ductile . we should probably make a thread on the sp board and ask them ... i guess that's where i deviate from the intj archetype . not that i'm unhealthy , but i don't put much conscious thought into staying healthy . champions used to have introductions in their judgement teasers which depicted their induction into the league , including their reasons for applying . they would help immensely , but only the older ... > which of the types are you personally interested in learning more about ? the types about which i know the least . mostly non-nts . i place priority on trying to understand more about the types of ... it just occurred to me that the poll results are biased . because this poll was posted on the nf temperament sub-forum , a majority of the voters were nfs . i would like to see the results given a ... is that an absolute rule or are there some exceptions ? aside from the obvious birthday party scenario in which presents are usually opened all at once , is it never appropriate to hold off on opening ... poko in that case , i think the connection made by puns is funny to you in the same way the disconnection created by randomness is funny to us . i think utilization itself is a gesture of appreciation . but other than that , as you said , coffee or some other activity would be nice for the purposes of strengthening a friendship . in that case ... i can't offer any concrete data on the ratio of thinkers to feelers either , but watch any movie or read any book and you'll find that the characters in each are dominated by feelers . thinkers are ... well , that's simple . everyone now speaks lojban . easy . my current local ip address is : 192.168 . 42.101 . just because . society revolves around feelers . feelers are often depicted as being the majority in works of fiction . people who don't understand a concept assume they don't understand because they aren't smart ... i'd leave reforming society to the people that actually understand society and get to work reforming other standards . does every single country really need to to have incompatible power grids ? ... using the gift the way the gift-giver originally intended it to be used is the highest form of gratitude . poko , what kinds of humour do you like ? here are a couple quotes from lulu : let's use all the colors ! yep , that tasted purple . delightify ! also , her kind thought she was too weird , so she left them to live as a hermit in ... spiders don't have regular muscles like mammals , fish , and birds . their legs naturally curl up , so they store fluid in their bodies which they pump into their legs to extend them . that's right , ... as a sort of sequel to which of the nts is the coldest emotionally ? , i would like to know which conditions are associated with sharing your feelings on something . are you more comfortable sharing ... i don't think you have looked beneath the superficial implications of the words . you're evaluating the words individually by their face value . this is honesty . the wife asked a question and ... voted yes , although i'm much more likely to shed a few tears after listening to a scary song than a sad movie . scary isn't quite the right word to describe the music i'm thinking of , but ... an intj looks at an old , discarded pentium 4 processor and visualizes all the software it must have run . all the mathematical equations it solved . all the people it helped in its relatively short ... every single euphemism that has been inducted into the english language . every possible way to verbally express an idea aside from its original form is redundant and makes that particular phrase ... seefeh ? i got all of the other ones even through my weird accented pronunciation , but i'm stumped here . assuming the killer is 100 % accurate , you would be no more safer impersonating your opposite type than a non-opposite type . the safest bet would be to impersonate a type you understand well and ... first i should state that i'm not sure of the time frame during which slytherin was alive . it could have been during that medieval time you referenced or it could have happened before or after that ... i came here to try to make a cheap nt joke . then i read this . now i feel ashamed . well , back to the nt forum . within any large group there will be irregularities . voldemort's influence over certain events probably caused even more irregularities than usual over the course of the books . therefore it would ... wouldn't it be convenient if there were a couple hundred people available to ask you specific and personal questions about you and attempt to guess your type ? i get what you mean . i find myself with a completely different opinion , but for something of the same reason . i often listen to music composed of basic sound waves like square , sawtooth , ... default settings , fine . you get the real question . which type is perceived by the other types as being the simplest ? note that i don't mean simple as in dumb , i mean simple as in ... you read in the news that a serial killer in your area has been systematically murdering everyone of your type . which type do you impersonate to avoid being murdered ? your survival depends on how ... because being arrogant makes social interactions end faster . '