' i was in a bad place in my life at the time , but , thankfully , not bad enough where i let his words push me over the edge . however , i know that so many people are so deeply wounded by cruel worlds of ... flowers ! ^ ^ ^ and , yes , i love me some enfjs . they can be a bit much at times , but gah , i love ' em . i was bullied for the majority of my life thus far . i was chubby as a kid , and i also spent my recesses reading in the corner and was always a favorite of my teachers , so i think i was an easy ... i think the issue for me is that i'm in an office of all sj's , and my ways of thinking are so dramatically different than theirs . i get really frustrated when i'm critiqued almost every day on how to ... if i actually want to leave my apartment in my free time , i'll probably be in a coffee shop , my university's library , or laying in a hammock in a park . it takes me forever to work up courage to speak ... dealramh go deo by clannad . i don't understand a lick of gaelic , but it is such a beautiful song . i hate the stigma on women that they must have children . i think many women end up very unhappy because of wanting to live up to society's expectations . with that being said , i have the upmost ... to see true equality among religions , genders , sexes , sexual orientations , races , ethnicities , nationalities etcx 85 to reform education to make it accessible and affordable for everyone to end all ... i had a professor in undergrad that really invested in me . i would go sit in his office when he was free , and we would talk about symbolism in books for fun . i was a really , really cool college kid ... since i was 16 , i've suffered . i'm 23 now . i've sought counseling for it , but every time i've gone to counseling , i've had panic attacks , so i've stopped going . i have periods where i get better , and ... i still sleep with a stuffed animal , and have a few more that i put on my bed when i make it in the morning . if any of them are positioned in a way that would be uncomfortable or fall on the ... i just walked a walk to remember tonight . it was one of my favorite movies growing up . it is so cheesy , but it is so sweet . i related to jamie a lot growing up because she didn't care about fitting ... i'm laughing-out-loud right now , because i passed a turtle on the road today . i was going too fast to stop , and someone was behind me . however , i couldn't stop thinking about that turtle , so i drove ... i am not sure if i can eloquently put my thought process into the words , because i'm not sure i understand it completely myself , but i'll try . i think the reason i can empathize with others so easily ... i'm so glad i'm not the only one . i even mute the tv or leave the room if a commercial for a horror movie comes on . if i watch too much , i know i won't be sleeping that night . : frustrating : i do ... i think we are unfortunately in the same boat . the man i recently had feelings for is an enfj , and he talks in such beautiful language . and when we are making eye contact , i feel like he's seeing ... when you're required to go to a social function for work and you spend your time playing with your supervisor's toddler all evening instead of making small talk with the rest of the adults . thank you for this . i wrote it down in my journal . hopefully it will resonate with me for a long time . thank you , all . i very much appreciate your kind words and advice . hey y'all . so - i'm not sure if any advice can be given on this topic , or if it something other infps deal with , but i figured i'd take a shot in the dark that some of you beautiful , insightful people ... you hold in your emotions for a while after getting to know someone , and finally they all explode on them at some point - how much you love them and care about them and want to protect them and for ... i think the problem with scoring an infp is that i look for someone that shares my ideals or at least understands them . i've only found one person in my life that could do that , and he had ... i was friendly with everyone . i was friendly with the popular kids , the nerds , the jocks , whatever group you can think of - i got along with them . however , i really had no actual friends in high ... i absolutely want to get married . that being said , i haven't met anyone in my life that i see myself marrying . i'm not sure if this is a case of i haven't met the right person yet , or a case of there ... i volunteered at the local hospital in high school , and i really enjoyed it . i rotated roles every few months , but i believe my favorite was bringing food trays to patients . that way , i was able to ... now i want a samsung galaxy . it took me until late into my undergraduate years to realize how different i was than most people . someone said to me you know , you always keep me guessing . and it has resonated with me ever since . i am a terrible test taker . my gre score was dismal , but i was lucky enough to get into graduate school because i can write a killer essay . i have a 4.0 after a year and half of course work . i hate ... i am definitely straight as of right now , i've only been attracted to males . however , i would not be opposed to dating a woman if the attraction was ever there . i wouldn't like to think i'd miss an ... undergraduate degree in english , i am currently studying higher education in graduate school . gosh , do i miss my literature courses . depression and bulimia . infj , enfj , enfp , and entp . i had one of my co-workers tell me that i live in a rainbow unicorn sunshine world a few months ago . i don't know about you , but i wouldn't rather live anywhere else . empathy , introspection , and dreaming for days . :) your big five results - i had a professor pull me aside after class to tell me that he thought i was brilliant , and that i should consider graduate study . it was something that had honestly never even crossed my mind , so ... my best friend is an enfp . my other closest friend is an istj . the enfp and i met when we were 12 . i can go months without speaking to her ( we are states apart now ) , but we pick up like we just ... i would say i balance goals and relationships . i will be graduating with my master's degree at age 23 . i plan work full time upon graduation , and to get a doctorate by age 30 . however , i work in a ... one of my most ingrained memories from childhood is the only time i made someone else cry . a little girl from my church invited me over to play , and i told her no , because my mom had already said she ... lord huron . :) coming from an infp that is less than a year from graduating with her master's degree , it is possible to do well in school . i was able to motivate myself by looking as school as an opportunity to ... my two best friends are an enfp and istj . the three people i trust most besides them are an infj , an enfj , and a fellow infp . oolong :) i like the sound of her music , and i like some of her lyrics , but i don't particularly care for the songs that are so materialistic . the second i get home from work / class / whatever , i put headphones in , and put on music . and i'll leave them until i have to take them out , like if i take a shower or go to sleep . i didn't even ... my username comes from one of my favorite songs - june hymn by the decemberists . i also chose it because i was born in june . : kitteh : i guess i'm going to play devil's advocate . i have attended two institutions of higher education , ( one for undergrad , and i'm currently at for graduate school ) and they are both very not well suited ... i don't have any wild insight into this myself , since i am a young infp myself ( 22 ) . i've been in graduate school for a year now , and while i love the topic i am studying , i hate the structure . i ... i love my esfj friends , but i can't hang out with them for prolonged periods of time . they will want to spend all day together , and i just can't handle that . enfps can be too intense at times ... i'm a virgin that's never been kissed , but sometimes , i have some * ahem * lusty thoughts . i'm almost 23 , though , so my hormones are probably quite upset with me . '