could you change mine to rags it hit me like a train , i lost my mind to inferior fe and went crazy . it was just friendship before that . then i calmed down . i didn't pursue or confess to anyone because i knew the answer . now she ... i suck my mother sometimes comes into my room a school night at half past midnight because : ' ' i couldn't sleep thinking about how messy it is ' ' she then procedes to yell and clean up she's an esfj , we ... favourite youtuber making a video on one of my favourite games and including myers-briggs in it : lovekitty : i wonder how many people will actually dig into it , most of the voters were infps so gender : female-unsure age : 22-32 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : esfj closest alternative we found : esfp lmao esfj nice whenever i'm dragged to a party by my fellow extroverts it's far , at night and in the open so i can't escape i stay still and pray for my life : :p enguin :: penguin :: cold :: penguin :: penguin : i usually run away from parties during the first hour , so i'd say it's going pretty smoothly how about you ? : smile-new : no biggie : happy : yeah he does seem drunk , something about him makes me suspect it , i just can't seem to figure out what no worries no worries ! just your daily head concussion : crazy : * procedes to physically collapse as well * * mentally collapses , for as this intp cannot lead a conversation on her own * * goes with it * ' ' why thank you , i had to wait ages in line to buy it , but it was worth it : cool : ' ' * trips while trying to escape the dancefloor into the corner , clings on one of the fancy curtains and drags it down with me * it just feels too strange to say it , i cringe at myself . and i know it doesn't make any sense but i can't help it if i do say it , i'd probably crack a bad joke after or change the subject quickly i know one when i'm falling asleep everything kind of blends , but sudden noises are amplified . it's weird , falling asleep while watching a video or movie , when someone says something i hear it way louder than ... the bluntness i kind of feel awkward after reading too , not sure if it's an enneagram 9 thing : kitteh : space and not making a big deal out of it , take things with humor and a light heart escapism ( just casually make it clear at the end that you're there and always willing to listen ) the sun . ( really though , i live in a rainy place ) being free for the rest of the afternoon discovering places with friends walking around at night without it being cold skyscrapers at night , ... hotarubi no mori e : unsure : avatar isn't anything deep , i liked the art style and the daydreaming face it portrays , which resonates with me and my user name ... i have this thing where i really like unique random non-existent ... i wanted to see if this was sort of common or more of an individual sort of thing :( i have a close intj friend . he is super cualified for living on his own , it still suprises me today you little responsible geniuses : frustrating : i find that when left alone i have more enthusiasm and take more initiative in doing housework , it feels good pretending to live alone for a couple of hours i bought cleaning supplies once , my ... this . i feel this so bad . i'm no expert at these things , but if it were necesary for me to do them i wouldn't have that much of a problem plus , there's tons of resources to help , and asking for help ... i tend to do that , but i can't help wonder if i really am delusional . i mean , they have much more life experience than i do , even so i still believe i'm capable of living on my own the constant ... i know that feeling : frustrating : this is my situation right now : bored : before moving out or am i really that much of a disaster i've never met an entj or another intp the golden siblings http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-J6B85Qs0yBg/VeUVSgQDW9I/AAADJY/VikKxjoya5A/s1600/14429_let-me-love-you-friends-joey-chandler.gif for some reason i connected really well with a ( mature ) esfp i also think that istp tend to be really cool people even though 95 percent of my friends are n types , i'd say it's worth it yeah i know that feel too unemotional to be a woman , too uncaring and lazy to succeed , so many private good ideas , questioning and not caring about traditions , not being ambitious , not wanting to ... that's a big risk i mean , they could pounce at eachother ... or pounce at me , together , overthrowing my goverment and ending up ruling my whole building i used to say that cats were less work ... until i got one aesthetically i like cats better , also they smell less and no walks . but mine always pounces on my legs and it's not comfortable , i've read ... what i do is lock myself in my room until my esfj mother barges in , yelling at me for x reason then i go out and lock eyes with my dissapointed istj father ... uh ... yeah i don't know either yes , but it took me a long time to achieve . i've been alone for most of my life my closests friends now are entp , intj , infj and enfj close for me is being able to express my opinions to people ... damn i'm so ignorant in salad dressings , i have no idea what half of these things are : hampster : i just put a lot of vinegar : sad : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKp2CrfmVfw loved that game , i was hyped all year waiting for the releases of each episode and tried hard not to crush on chloe the ending was a toughie , but overall the game gave such a beautiful fealing yeah , i don't actually consider myself cold , but i get why people might think so . that's a cool perspective in terms of preference . i also tend to lean towards people like me ( mostly as friends ) in ... it was one of the few classes i liked :p roud : haha , in my experience almost nobody has ever been romantically attracted to my personality , it's quite the opposite hm now that i think about it if i do manage to be percieved as attractive , the ... hahah thanks , it's both funny and sad that out of all the cast intp's relate to burger pants : typingneko : also , i relate to the non-binary thing , although i present myself , kind of feel ( most of the ... ahh , explosive moments are the best i still am . i'm quiet , lazy , i'm excellent at making people think i'm a good student when i'm just distracted in my own mind , quiet and a big procrastinator there were times i got tired of being ... that was quick : tongue :