' i'm known as the calm patient one , so i rarely get told to calm down . i don't mind if people are repetitive towards me , but if i happen to be in a more impatient mood , it's me that hates to ... - - english ( native ) - - spanish ( intermed . ) - - japanese ( intermed . ) - - mandarin ( beginner ) eventually , i want to learn any combination of the following : sign language , german , french , arabic , and ... your personality type is : intj preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) very clear introversion : 21/21 clear intuition : 21/26 very clear thinking : 24/24 slight ... got dismissing ... it's something i need to improve on . thank you for completing the close relationships questionnaire / experiences in close relationships-revised questionnaire . this ... my sister does a lot of complaining about her weight . she has a pretty terrible metabolism . when she's out with her friends 24-7 , she'll eat whole restaurants , but whenever she's visiting home for ... 5 ' 2 , 96 lb [ 157.5 cm , 43.6 kg ] english : fluent japanese : advanced / intermediate spanish : advanced / intermediate chinese ( mandarin ): newbie wishlist : german , chinese ( cantonese ) , french , arabic , vietnamese i scored 26 . i'm an intj ... unless i'm not ... i've never asked others to type me , so i'll add my name to this list for review . every so often , i question it , because nothing has outright validated or ... your results : intrapersonal intelligence intrapersonal intelligence is centered on being aware of one's own thoughts , feelings and motivations . people who are strong in this type of intelligence ... i'm extremely soft-spoken , even when i'm actively trying to be loud . by others ' accounts , i might as well be whispering ... intj in my mini-backpack : - - book . - - lots of pens . - - notepad . - - calculator . - - cell phone . - - green tea mints . questions : 1 . cookies ... [ this is important ! ] a ) with milk . b ) without milk 2 . you have a craving for [ something ] . do you : a ) ignore it . b ) satisfy it later . c ) burn everything in your ... i practically inhale whatever food / drink is my most recent random craving . this week it's lettuce / tomato sandwiches with basil pesto spread . i've already gone through ~ 3 whole loaves of bread in ... bachelors : major = zoology , minor = east asian languages & literature ( japanese ) masters : entomology current occupation : scientist いらしゃいませ ！ i rarely ever get mad . my feelings get hurt sometimes or i get annoyed or frustrated , but i can't even remember the last time i was truly angry . it was probably at my sister for something ... i ... the funny thing , if you guys didn't already find it , i was about to try my hand at it ! hmmm , i am protective only when a situation calls for it . generally , i have a pretty hands-off approach to other people's issues , including with family . most of the time , i will just give my ... no more or less than i do with everyone else . best : true to my word ; good listener ; good at coming up with solutions to foreseen problems ; usually very helpful ( within reason ); rarely loses composure ; not argumentative ( i won't debate ... neutral music is awesome ! i like a variety , but my favorites at the moment consist of : - - video game music - - movie trailer / ost music - - folk & symphonic metal / rock - - random other songs most likely i'd just keep the knowledge to myself and file it away as an attribute of their character . eventually , i'd figure out the truth anyways . my actions in response depend on the scenario . i've never been one for revenge . i can't be bothered to waste my energy seething over stuff , especially concerning those i have little respect for . i took my dog to the dog park today . since he's such a unique dog everyone always asks about him ... random person a : wow ! nice dog ! what kind is he ? me : oh , he's a briard . person a : ... nt temperment : intj sp temperment : isfp sj temperment : istj nf temperment : enfp short answer : no long answer : no . the n / s divide has nothing to do with superficiality . find a different correlation . i got thinking introvert . i'm not an istj , but figured i'd chime in anyways . my advice to you : finalize your divorce and approach the situation later . i laughed at this comment . the irony indeed ! i don't care what others major in . i do any of the following things : - - play video games - - read a book - - browse the internet for whatever my current interest is - - take a nap my list of nightmare jobs : - - jobs that involve excessive micromanagement . - - any job that your employment status is dependent on incompetent people . - - jobs that don't allow room to think or ... you can approach this situation in a few ways : 1 . distance yourself from them until your friendship naturally fades away . ( doesn't work for people who can't get the hint . ) 2 . make it clear to ... you can have a bachelor's degree in one thing and branch out into an entirely different thing for your master's if you choose to go that route . a master's degree is also more about what topics you ... i can't get a good night's sleep if i don't fulfill my daily quota of picking on xstjs ! there are very few things that i have strong emotions about . most things don't matter enough to me to get all worked up over . that said , i don't try to avoid having emotions , but i do control ... if they truly don't wish to know , my answer : i see ... then i immediately drop the subject . let us know when the fruit starts talking back to you . could be onto something big here ... big ! ! ! se on its own does not equate to one being competitive or aggressive . se is a perceiving function . as such , its only focus is to take in and process information and then relay it to the judging ... i'd say he's an isfp [ function order = fi > se > ni > te ] try looking up things about that personality type and see if it resonates well . he wouldn't be with you if he didn't view the possibility of a long-term future with you . he's committed himself . you saying things like that puts doubts into his mind about his vision . i ... i've been called stubborn , but never aggressive . do you daydream ? i guess so . often i'll get so raveled up in my own thoughts that i don't notice what's around me . it's not like a vivid dream or anything though . do you feel as if your ... you might find the following articles to be interesting : the prairie vole ( microtus ochrogaster ): an animal model for behavioral neuroendocrine research on pair bonding study says gene ... ya , i was bullied while working in my previous lab . a phd student and her supervisor both singled me out for some reason . ( they were friends with one another . ) when i chose to disregard their ... understandable . i was actually exaggerating with my example as well . it was just the idea of it i wished to portray , so i used an extreme . honestly , by what you mentioned he said to your ... dear [ whoever is calling me ]: ok , i admit it ! i didn't actually miss your call . i sat there and stared at the phone until it stopped ringing . then i went back doing whatever it was i was doing . ... you have to go to each bureau's website individually and it'll be listed somewhere there . it's a $ 10 fee to lock it permanently for each one and then it costs you the same to temporarily unlock it ... '