' i'm usually in my room , at the gym , at work , or in class . i don't smoke . i have friends that do , and it doesn't bug me or anything . honestly i just have too many other things to do , and i have a difficult time staying focused as it is ... getting high in ... yes , this irritates me . i have a coworker ( slump for convenience ) who insists that he does not know me well enough . my manager asked me if i could help slump with a fairly daunting project ... i wear a little mascara to work . but otherwise , no . edit : i meant to say , but otherwise i don't wear any at all . maybe 5 minutes . just long enough to get it combed . pc why would i pay double or triple the price for the same hardware ? i'm just going to put linux on it . in terms of os , i do prefer windows over the mac os . as long as you know what you're doing , ... i hate to break it to you , but this is too much of a biased sampling to really mean anything of any significance . as for your question , i have friends ( of sorts ) of the opposite sex . i don't ... - watching funny videos - listening to music - free food - sleep and most importantly : - when i don't have to spend my time rewriting my coworker's code . none . i'm pretty self-sufficient . i just need a random person to bounce ideas off of . friend or not , anyone will work . this time i scored 30 . usually i score between 32 and 34 . i think the reason i generally score in the asperger's range is because it is fairly difficult to gauge what is an appropriate answer . i ... depending on the upbringing and environment , i would not completely disregard the idea that an intp could potentially be more empathetic or have the ability to read people . some people have ... of course i feel emotions . the difference between me and my brother ( who is a feeler ) is i view almost all emotions as a weakness and am hesitant to display them . whereas my brother is more ... i don't really like people . so no , probably not . i can't relate to the math issue . i enjoy math and it comes easily to me . yeah i feel similar in this regard . i can sort of relate to the inability to imagine fictional characters . i ... i have a rather strange voice . i don't like it . sometimes i can be loud , but that's only when i'm talking physics or about something i am passionate about . in normal , day-to-day , instances i sound ... i dated this guy in high school . he was way too needy and emotional for me . i just told him we were done . my intention was to be blunt and to just get it over with ... and he started crying . i was ... i went my sophomore year . my boyfriend at the time really wanted me to go with him . so , i went . i didn't go to junior prom . i went to my senior prom because a friend bought me a ticket . i put ... my biological mom is an esfj ( my parents are divorced . ) she's a lot like your mom . i suppose i feel your pain , but i honestly don't know what advice to give you . i actually don't feel as though i ... 1 . what sort of creative outlets do you enjoy ? i draw and paint . i used to dance and i was involved in theater in high school . i also play the saxophone , the piano , and the harp . 2 . do you feel ... the most intense emotion i have ever felt is passion . and i don't mean romantic love . i mean i passion for a cause , a subject , or an idea . i also experience a very strong desire for understanding of ... nope . not even this po cool is being a cucumber . wait . guess i shouldn't go on forums when i'm hungry . i always carry my cell phone and wallet . along with whatever other crap i shoved into my backpack . adventurous : 24 conceptual : 21 practical : 18 social : 6 i don't know how many of you took intro physics in college , but when i did we had these tutorial groups where we had to sit in groups ... i doesn't take much to exhaust me socially . just tonight i was at my friend's house . just being in the same room as so many extroverts was tiring ( the sad thing is i didn't actually interact with ... so did i , i was completely surprised when i realized it was in less than a week . i always forget . a couple years ago my ex-boyfriend bought me this fairly elaborate gift for valentines day . to ... when i was younger i was afraid of arachnids , bugs , and insects ( all three being very distinct groups . ) now i'm not afraid of these things . but i have an illogical fear of seaweed . i absolutely ... 1.how do you react when someone yells or raises their voice at you ? it depends . if it's someone i don't know i either start laughing , walk away , or both . friends and family don't really yell at me ... harry potter is poorly written . far from my favorite series . regardless , it is still better than twilight . i'm leaning towards innovation . but that's because invention generally leads to working with programmers / software engineers who don't know how to write elegant / efficient code . i don't really have a lot of close friends / non-close friends . my closest friends are : istp , entp , and intp i have found that many of the people who might call me a friend i view as ... i have a twitter . mostly because i haven't gotten around to deleting it . i needed to create several social networking accounts for my job , but i wouldn't call them mine . it's simply for ... in middle school i wrote this for a contest : the finish line the racers run around the corner , thumping , pumping their hearts beat wildly . only one makes it , only one makes the gold . i usually test as an intj . sometimes i test entj , entp , infp , enfp . research the functions . it took me a year to figure out i was an intp . i wanted to as sure as possible . because i can be a fairly private person i am hesitant to share anything i have written . i will , however , post what i can find tonight . i'm certainly not the most organized person , but i'll see what ... elementary school : i was that weird girl who sat in the back row with the kids that ate glue . middle school : i was always late , sat in the back , and very quiet . i often forgot to do my homework ... yeah people do this a lot . i think it's because of the whole chameleon effect . one-on-one i can mirror someone so precisely that i suppose the individual just feels comfortable around me . i don't ... xntx , infx and isxx are preferable not really a fan of extroverted sensors though . who knows though ... maybe i just haven't met the right esxx ... i don't mind talking on the phone . it's much better than small talk with a stranger . i generally know the people i talk to and the conversation can be brief . last time i called someone was ... i keep thinking how awesome it would be to be able to write down my thoughts as quickly as i can think them . i wonder if the format of the translation of my thoughts would have to be a 3 dimensional ... i don't really go out . when i do go out it's usually to pick up some food or go for a walk . i normally go out with my best friend ( entp ) yes , i'm boring . ironically , reuben abel discusses this in the introduction of his book man is the measure . for the longest time i always saw emotions as a weakness . in fact , after my parents divorce ( i was 10 ) i would speak so calmly and objectively about the divorce that people thought it was spooky ... dad : intj mom : not sure step-mom : infj brother : estj brother : esfp brother : isfj brother : enfp brother : extj - type ( too young to determine n or s ) lots of brothers ... just ask to spend one on one time with her . see what happens . if you do decide to tell her you're interested , don't tell her you love her or get super emotional . when this happens to me , i run the ... what's even worse is when the person i am conversing with asks what i'm thinking about / staring at ... to which i always reply : nothing . do other intp's just randomly stare off into space during a conversation ? ( i know i do ... ) i seriously could have just written all of that . when i was younger i decided to solve this problem by becoming a doctor and making it possible to live forever . that was before i realized i didn't ... i don't know how i feel right now . normally i don't . usually if i'm particularly happy or sad i notice but otherwise i just feel the same ... whatever that is . i was / still probably am a tomboy . when i was learning to walk , i always found interesting things do other than play with the dolls my mom bought for me . in fact , i flushed all the toys i didn't ... i usually don't mind chess but i don't enjoy it like i enjoy scrabble . other games i like include : boggle , sudoku , word thief , rummikub , othello ( there are probably others ) the only game i ... '