' care to elaborate on that . your theory seems very interesting but i do not get why intp and entp seem to be wildcards instead of intj and entj , or esfj . mbti are stereotypes obviously . afaik no-one made a link between mbti and genetics so i'm not sure why you'd think bringing it up would do you any good . the world , nature , evolution , is all about ... i can't shake the feeling that the politicians use auto-tune most of the time and that their lyrics are written for them . what is the oddest form of travel you have experienced ( hot air balloon , camel back , supersonic jet etc . ) > > it's probably one my way to budapest from saint istvan ( both in hungary , europe - for ... you do realise that theories , possibilities , adventures etc are what we live for right ? i mostly ignore my emotions and process them when i'm alone ( and even then half the time i will question what ... is it ? i'm not sure . i thought everybody could do that . i'm often listening to conversations on the radio while a colleague is talking to me and at the same time look at what's going on outside for ... i purposely make eye contact to give a certain impression to the person listening or to who i'm listening . when among friends or family , i don't bother either . my eyes do not register sound . i do ... it all depends on the persons in question , doesn't it ? i try to have a conversation , try to understand why they are so closed minded ( underlying reasons ) . then i decide whether i can understand that ... you had me at crowbar . i recently had a discussion about something similar . a not so close co-worker wanted to put a sonos play system in every room ( living room surround ( 2 play 5 , subwoof ... ) , one in the bathroom , two ... in theory , i totally agree with that statement . only twitter , reddit , youtube and other facebooks aren't much like forests . i kindly disagree with that statement . femfreq for instance is becoming a business on its own with a lot of press attention . their opinions are apparently worth more than anyone else's because of ... cool , i don't mind being applied in a cynical and witty way , as long as the method doesn't leave any sticky residue on my immaculate intp fur . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqH1172BmOI i was referring to this : but how would we decide what a true intp is ? it is where the no true scotsman starts . who is going to decide who is a ' true ' intp and who isn't ? based on what ? but ... that's mr bitch for you , misses sun king , sir ! at least show some signs of basic politeness towards our members . you come here , throw around some sentences , none of which include the words ' simon ... may i refer you to the no true scotsman falacy ? however , in practise there are no intps . you have a categorisation based upon cognitive functions that will place you in a grey area between all ... only if you associate that ' concept ' with being the most intp . i consider myself as a textbook intp but defenately not as a basement dwelling lazy nerd . then again , the question is retarded as it is ... would you believe so ? the horror . shame would befall my family if superglue junkies were to find out this horrendous secret . let us agree to speak of it no more . mum's the word my dear friend . oh my , do not get the wrong idea my fair lady . i'm not touching that foul beast , that demon spawn . i shall forward your inquiry to my buttler . please do understand that havening a pale and fair skin ... would freshly squeezed vampire juice make your skin less glistening ? you need to be extra careful in such a state not to shift your flux capacitors into overdrive . each pill is has a quantum state . you do not know whether it will work or not work untill you see what's inside . if you don't look , it can either heal you or not . seems to fit the bill ;-) botulinum toxins even though some of them are used in the cosmetic industry ( including in botox ) , the botulinum family of neurotoxins includes the most toxic substances known to man . the ld50 ... yeah , i get that in some way : [ benveniste's ] latest theory , and the cause of the current flap , is that the ' memory ' of water in a homeopathic solution has an electromagnetic ' signature . ' this ... so in order to get well , you are going to aggravate the side-effects of the virus hoping this will enhance your immune system . how would that work exactly ? does your body think : ' hey , runny nose , ... si : settlers of catan , the movie ' ghost ' ne : water , mud edit : new word is vacancy 310425 breaking bad black books carnivale futurama dr who sherlock if we include anime : elfen lied and death note people who are wrong on the internet . would you like to install ask toolbar ? presque vu . evolution is just a theory . people using their indicators when they are already moving from one ... i guess he did ake a point now and i guess i was wrong about it . : frustrating : care to explain in a little more detail ? i would agree to this if the test was exhaustive enough but that would ... well , my phone number is much like that expression . it also has a 3 and a 1 in it , weird enough in that exact same order . but one could argue that 3 and 1 are fairly popular numbers to use in a phone ... i'm sorry but this comparison is flawed on so many levels it really bugs me . evolution is a hard science while mbti should fall under human sciences . evolution is a widely accepted theory with grey ... well it might be me but i read more into his two posts ( including signature ) than what you just listed . this topic is about trying to precisely pin-point which type my friend belongs to , trying to ... well he does have a point . mbti classifies people based upon characteristics which have never been proven to exist ( except intro - and extroversion i think ) . ofc it is based upon studies and whatnot ... entp has fe as 3rd and si as a fourth so it changes those as well . and while entp is the most introverted extrovert , it is still extroverted . how does one know which function one uses most ... 1 / playing a trading card game or board game for a few hours . spending the entire night ( 4-5 hours ) arguing over how things could've gone differently if only ... with one or two close friends and how ... know the feeling . stop sign :-( you should never ' believe science ' . i trust the people who perform science and value their work . but even then i encourage people to investigate the facts and evidence rather than to trust random ... who cares if it is spelled you're instead of your . you knew what i meant ! it's great to have the freedom to express my emotions through fashion . no , i don't really . it isn't science of scientific so it seems like a valid response . lots of interesting discussions can be had about non-scientific topics though . you do realize that the ... well , if you compare both you do seem more like an istp and nothing like an estp so my appologies for that . i myself have had my doubts about my type but it all comes down to reading the ... you sound more like an estp . confidence for an intp is more routine based than confidence based . if we start questioning what we are doing , confidence in ourselves doesn't take charge but ne does . we ... oh , i see . so you don't have a problem when they ask you to calculate speed , acceleration or position using a formula but when they ask you to do the same but for an unknown variable you get ... well , that's quite a difficult question to answer . if you switch to physics , you will have to be good at math . are you average at it bc you lack knowledge or bc you do not understand it or bc you ... a few thoughts that come to mind . we don't want beats bc we know we can get better bang for buck . we don't want apple bc we like to keep options open instead of being confined to apple products . we ... '