' tranquilo chamo , no estás solo . : b hm , who really knows ? the mbti definition of intuition makes it seem like it takes anyone with half a brain to type as n . i don't care that much about it , but it ... sorry , i don't buy mbti that much ( socionics nerd here ) , but i'm gonna agree with you here ; we're definitely se-land ! though i myself love that . however , the types stastisctics around aren't ... just read your username and all i can say is will you marry me ? i'm playing american mcgee's alice . my only complain is : why didn't i play it before ? welcome , welcome ! hope you enjoy your time here . just avoid those weird looking guys on the corner - they don't eat people too often . ah , let's not talk about estjs , shall we ? i have pretty terrible experiences with them . i have grown a little bit scared of them . :D but yah , on the other side , se and ti are just lovely . lovely i ... exactly . :P most people think se and te are the most arrogant , though . and ni is pretty self-deprecating if i'm honest . : b i guess we can all be cocky , then ? :P sts can be boisterous and a bit arrogant indeed , i know . i think i was wrong saying that just nfs are . it isn't really type-realted . i've met all kinds of ... yah , i get what you're saying . but you'd be surprised how good they are with n and f matters if you give ' em a chance . :P they're all cool . try to hold a conversation with them and you'll be ... shh ! don't scare her ! bad kitty , bad ! well ain't this good ! be welcome . i assure you , we don't eat people . not daily of course . welcome , welcome . i believe you'll find this forum quite interesting indeed . be careful , though . some citizens have claimed total loss of social life . caution is advised . to be fair , i like sensor and thinkers ( i'd rather say logical types ) more than most intuitives and ethicals . i like the way they are boisterous , sometimes a bit rough and rude . don't know , it's ... i offer little to no substance to any mix . i'm laughing along , nodding , agreeing . i'm a blank filler ; the person that just happens to be there . for that reason people often believe i'm boring , ... don't know if this was a totally awesome choice or probably the worst . you know , i came here out of curiosity to find this . i don't know if i regret it entirely or just partially . yah , he's joking around . don't take it too seriously , or you'll end up real hurt - which seems to have already happened . just be direct . talk to him . if it really makes you feel uncomfortable , he ... my goodness , all of what he's doing is to force you to say you're gay . that's all he wants . be it that he's also into you , that he just wants you to feel comfortable , or that he just likes to tease ... welcome , princess muskaan of the introversion kingdom . we are most pleased with your arrival . would you like to drink some tea , and perhaps eat some sweets ? i assure you , it's the best the perc ... fine , but don't come crying to me when you don't know where to hide a body . >:( he has a robot wife , daughter and dog . he's pretty robotic if you ask me . oh , and i shall welcome you , too . i am a bot also . stop acting like a loner . you know you don't want to be alone . >:( i agree . estps are underappreciated . dear estps . you're all fucking awesome . keep it up . ah , welcome back ! let's hope you don't forget your account , e-mail or password again . we're glad to have you back .  ... although i'm new ! :D indeed ! people get carried away by the highschool stereotypes too easily , so don't judge them based on that . they might as well be human ! don't take highschool drama too seriously . it will seem to be the end of the world for you , but it really isn't . almost all of what you do will be irrelevant , so enjoy yourself while you're at it .  ... a little late to welcome you , but who cares ? the beta empire is growing . yes , yes , i see it . we'll rule the world , eventually ! or the forum , at least ! welcome , sister , welcome . we wait for ... welcome , anastasia ! i assure you , we don't eat people . too often . be welcome , sir ! i'm pretty sure you'll find more than just psychology ( as mentioned before , of all kinds ;P ) , so please make yourself at home . you'll have time to know your type , so enjoy your ... my computer sucks in many , maaany levels . and no android for me either . i don't know anyone with a psp , so fes would be the best . thank you ! the very original . i'll find a way , even if it means to borrow the console . :P cool . someone else here says it's good , too . ;P the mood is something to consider when you want to target a specific audience . i mean , it may fail ( for example , mlp was targeted with all of its ... makes sense . i feel p4 ( still haven't checked p3 ) is much more light and happy-go-lucky . i guess it's now directed towards mid-teens , yahh ? i've heard of persona 5 , but since i'm not that into the ... seeing it that way , it doesn't sound all that bad ... but comparing it to persona 2 , it is so very different . i wonder what led to such a radical change ? also , is it hard ? do you have to grind in ... i've seen some pieces of gameplay and i found it silly how some segments were pretty pointless and how the dialog was so ... boring . and there's plenty of dialog , too , so maybe that's what you mean ? ... that's kinda a problem , because my computer is a disgrace to its race , and a ps3 is a no-no . i'll see what i can do ! * pat pat * i agree that it is grindy , but that's kinda the part that keeps the rpgs interesting for me . i mean , being forced to level up a lot and needing lots of resources for a goal are what ... naoto gets a little extra points because i like detectives , but yahh , there isn't much . the other characters are dull and stereotypical . i agree that you didn't deserve it , so talk to him about it to solve problems . if you don't , he'll continue to chase you and eventually aggress you even further . if he doesn't listen you can ... i'm not sure , though . but i think that even if the translation is bad , you can make sense out of it . ;P i see ... well , i still have to finish p2 and eventually its sequel . i'll probably play p3 ... oh . well then , we'll see how it goes . but i think the eternal punishment one got a new translations ... ? i mean , i downloaded eternal punishment first accidentally and , thinking it was the first game , ... well , i too think he was just trying to show interest in you , and by doing that , you'd approach . it works sometimes , yes . maybe it's that he found you attractive , and wanted to make it clear ; but he ... do you mean the sequel , eternal punishment , or persona 4 ? i've been told by many hardcore smt and persona fans that p4 is a downgrade in general quality . do you think so ? it's actually surprising that you haven't heard of mystery case files . you won't regret it ! try the original game first . i know right ! (; p ) endless ocean . it's a peaceful , beautiful game . you get to explore a lot and , even though the graphics are somewhat ehh , it's worth a try . at first it isn't an inviting idea ( exploring the sea sounds ... persona 2 : innocent sin . i've been trying to play a game from the persona series for quite a while , but i didn't know where to start . i chose this one because the story seemed much more ... why , hello there ! i , uh , clearly am new here . i've been lurking around here for a while , although not that frequently ? for which i didn't feel it was necessary to make an account . but seeing how i ... '