' if you're interested in people's thoughts , then you're interested in the person , because the person = the thoughts . descartes i think therefore i am is applicable here . even when digging through ... everyone's actually weird , normal is a fallacy anyway . i think what makes others interpret something as crazy is lack of context . if one could look into another mind and see all the chains of ... i have a whole face-washing and mouth-cleaning routine before bed . i usually read before going to sleep , but i can't sleep if a book is out in the open , even worse if it's on my bed . as such , books ... according to some researchers in cambridge , personality influences your music taste . link here : music taste linked to personality traits by cambridge psychologists | the independent a few years ... my scores are : liberty 75 % care 72.2 % fairness 36.1 % authority 19.4 % purity 19.4 % loyalty 8.3 % your strongest moral foundation is liberty . the second bite of a falafel wrap . the first bite doesn't have enough filling , but the second has a perfect balance of vegetable , pickle , and sauce . when a project gets finished faster than ... no , this was at an age before school . i didn't really have male relatives around to disprove this theory . when i was really young , i used to think everyone in the world was female except for my dad . great idea . depending on your lifestyle situation , you could just close the door to your bedroom . if you don't have your own bedroom , sometimes i hang out on the floor of my bathroom ( i keep it ... https://www.couchsurfing.com/places/north-america/united-states/los-angeles maybe this website ? how much stuff do you have ? you said you had pets , so are you good with animals ? my strategy for income and avoiding lack of shelter is to pet-sit or house-sit for anyone in the vicinity . this could ... question : what's your favourite spice ? welcome to perc . :p roud : 642985 how come no one's mentioned gravy ? i don't think mine is very stereotypical for intp , but i do like to be prepared : - microfibre cloths - tissues - pencils and pens - gum - floss - a few toothbrushes - mouthwash - ibuprofen intp's tend to be honest ( if not it's usually because truth is fluid and changes when presented with more information ) . i don't think he'd necessarily say those things and regret it , but maybe wish ... preferably with no pain , and not too drawn out . drugged sounds pretty good , or hypothermia , or both . after the initial burning of the skin , you're supposed to go numb . it sounds peaceful , and ... 55 - robot . i disagree with the criteria for this evaluation . : rolleyes : i . how can one be normal ? normal people truly do not exist , and normalcy is just a social construct . though the main idea of what is normal may be fairly well-known within a culture , not ... 1 . blood transfusion . save the patient or respect the families religious beliefs and effectively let her die ? save the patient . don't tell the family what's been done . if they find out , i could ... hello ! if you can , it would probably be beneficial to see a real therapist , but here are my thoughts anyway : childhood events can create a lasting impression on a person that often persist ... any black tea with a splash of milk . especially irish breakfast tea , or canadian breakfast tea if i can find it , sometimes i swear i can taste some maple ... it would help if perhaps you described why you want to know these things . is there someone you are trying to type , or are you trying to type yourself ? it's difficult to type someone without a set ... okay , i'm going to answer your question with experience and my current understanding of personality typing from the cognitive function standpoint . ( ti can be useful for personality typing by the way , ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 45 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 100 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... mibble i tend to like silly or dark humour , so some of my favourites are family guy , archer ( unrelated to my username ) , dinner for schmucks ( this was so goofy but still hilarious ) , the it crowd , ... mibble if you have netflix ( or know someone who does ) , may i suggest watching john mulaney the comeback kid , i just finished it today and you might like it . i often watch animated ones too . mibble what's your favourite comedy as of late ? that's hilarious ! well this was interesting ... i'll bold what i find true as well ... personality match like vladimir putin , you always keep your cool , even under circumstances that would cause others to break out a ... strategically ... off to one side with easy access to the door , and close enough up front that i can see and hear the instructor without shifting around . welcome ! i'm no expert but i think i have a pretty good grasp of the cognitive functions so i'll try to help . typing via the dichotomies of mbti , ( like e vs i and t vs f ) can give a very different ... i think data as a spirit animal is referring to the character ' data ' on star trek . he was an android . it fits intp stereotypes pretty well . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZYoXonws4I hello krumkake ! perhaps that could be suitable nickname ? i like your avatar , very appealing . welcome to the forum ! i was a bit uncertain about my type when i first joined and a helpful person on ... from my initial observations you seem like a potential ixtj , but it'd be great if you could fill out a typing questionnaire to make it easier for others to type you . however , you ultimately know ... i cant play the piano makes me think you were forced into piano lessons and failed terribly . or , your lifelong ambition is to master that instrument , but you aren't optimistic about it . an intuitive is around sensors when ... you accidentally end up teaching someone about one / several of your recent ideas / theories , they get it after a few re-wordings , and then they point out a ... my isfj mum does this to me and others on occasion . she is not narcissistic or sociopathic in the least . when she tries to say what me or another nt is feeling , she is almost always wrong , but for ... what are the things that you take very seriously ? ( that you aren't joking about , important for you ) like fumetsu said , i take assigned tasks seriously , if i'm going to bother to do something , i'm ... this is a fascinating thread , i'm really enjoying reading everyone's unique responses . for me , i think of my mind as an office . not just any office , but a constantly running sort of information ... good one ! i think that thread explains it well . perhaps the combination of fe and si can cause emotions to recirculate longer than in other types . i am very close to an isfj , and she can be so cheerful and goofy and helpful , but she has always ... mbti only improved people for me . in reading about the different cognitive functions and types , i find it easier to assess others strengths and weaknesses so that i can communicate and work with ... that's nice . it's good to hear a success story for once . yeah , i'm not sure about the accuracy of these things . i was more like the intj description : the one who gets straight ax92s and it seems like they donx 92t even have to try . they probably are forced ... i love learning languages , i'm on my fourth language studied formally ( italian ) . mastering multiple languages is very different from learning them though , officially i can only ' speak ' two ... i used to think sherlock was an intj , because of his long-term planning and what appeared to be an abundance of te , among other reasons , but after thorough analysis , i agree with the op saying he's ... i hardly ever even use a recipe anymore , since i cook for myself the majority of the time and i know what flavours i like . usually , i load up on visual ideas on a website like pinterest , or i ... agnostic pantheist / pagan . fairly accurate , i didn't even know this was a thing before now since i have never really delved into religious research , but now i actually know what to say when asked ... green shake and a croissant with jam ... and of course , a cuppa . when stressed or depressed , people tend to act unlike their type . there are many different theories to explain this such as shadow type ( temporarily seeming like the opposite of your type ) , and ... '