' i have comas when walking , but i react to moving things to me not looking at people face . i do it when thinking about interesting think like doing math hwk in my head or creating programs , or ... i have conversations with myself when making ideas . i also have conversation with other people in my head before i talk to other people . he is a broke intj you can see in the flash backs that he motivated , organized , obsessed with being the best . when intj lose from my experience we become disjointed which think is the summary of his ... i usually just tell them there a idiot i don't like feeling pent up girl don't really like to date their friends from my experience science is the most artistic thing humans can do . its being creative inside a box created by the universe its self i . e . physics it allow us to make thing function things that only exist in comic ... the girl with the dragon tattoo ( the main character is a intj lisbeth salander ) mr . vertigo the alchemist basically quantum computer work the same way intj mines or from what i got froma previous topic on the forum they do . in how intj see different possibly for one solution lets say am about to have a ... logically show him that it ok to sleep by making it not scary . or you can outsmart him you a intp be creative . t . v . shows , diagrams , doing weird math problems from my former math teacher shes great best math teacher ever including professors . double in physics and computer engineering i like futurist computer systems molecular computers , quantum computers , bio computer , etc i am a deist as a scientist i just can say everything came from nothing just doesn't seem right if i can't rationalise it i just can't see the how it would work . i think that the world naturally similarly to oil and water put the best of the crop on top at corporation and as politicians some personality like intj and entj go after power and other people like ... my mom is a istj and my dad is estp i am working on a facial recongnition app that work with youtube and facebook . stupid people call it a superiority complex we are just rational to know what is and what is not . my three research areas right now beyond mbitare brain computer interfaces quantum computers bio computers invention : we took toys and who ever made the best invention wins . i don't think its a superior complex i am smarter than some people and some people are smarter than me whats true is true killing someone non important to save someone important yes i think killing one person is ok if there haven't accomplish anything of merit i'm not gonna kill a noble winning scientist for a group of ... the fear of being mediocre i swear if i wake up in bed with a wife 2 kids in the suburbs ill shoot my self in the head cause i've failed at life . i think for the definition that site give psychopaths with be sexually promiscuous impulsive , and non-reflective is opposite of a intj there definition seems to a be a weird mixed of a intj and entp ... kickass is freaking amazing played basketball i always become more extroverted when i play i am almost always the leader . i play in 9th and 10th a little but i broke a bone every years in high school during the season so never ... creating temporal pocket to move through fold of space and time i was make a equation when i was younger for doing this but i never finished i didn't know enough math i still don't after studying them i tell them my parents are both extraoverts and i grew up in a very extroverted enviroment i played team sports and lots of clubs , but when i create a strategy or i need think of plan in basketball i walk to a ... i'm type 3 but i'm a intj i create website and i love to design i love a and accolades and winning things based on my intellect . i guess i'm really rare . i would say girl intp cause always have to take the first step whether or not the girl drops clue and even if she did and intp guy would have a harder time firguring out what they meant and over ... i agree nothing about my parent is nt nor was my environment as a kid i was estp until middle school i was a entp and during highschool i became more intj people change types all the time . you seemed to have crept up on you rather than he studying you until he figure you out either you ould make the first move or you can wait months until he does i always take the intiative compared to other like my intp friends i been in a bunch of interships and got a lot scholarship and don thinks because i am forward thinking i can step in a room and ... i would upload it to the internet for a subscription fee and keep the best stuff for create the most important scientific discovery of our time . i would piss someone very powerful and important off destryoy all his computer record kill some of his people , steal his wealth and when they caught me die in a blaze of fire . i figure most intp would be neutral they wouldn't be able to make up there minds i doubt a intj parent would ignore there children . we care about people who care about that we know i think i would think of my kid as a project building the perfect person , everything they want , and ... cause were right intj are the most caring we care about human race more so than any other who would say that newton or einstein didn't care about people . poeple just don't seen the scope of vision until it ... its not crazy if it work people around just don't understand your vision and planning your definitely acting like a esfp not a intj were analytical not unfeeling nor do most intj date many people we rather study a person because we hate mistakes . we make sure that everything about the ... from my research enfp and intj are the best fit , but since intj are pron to being socially inept i want to ask you guys what did you think and how did you feel when you met your first intj . i feel the more i learn the more i step out of the real world . i can't stop learning i can tell i am alienating myself but i can't seem to stop . i know exactly how you feel . its not so much as i am ... the one girl i went after in high school i weigh the good and bad about her examine the time we spent together and what we had in common , but she had a boy friend . in the end she ended up being a ... because some times your logic is flawed , but your j isn't high enough to see it . actualized type : intj preferred type : intj attraction type : intj no he was a entj he was a people person intj would of used robots or chemicals , but wouldn't rely on people for doing evil seeing that some of the of famous entj incude satan and hitler you do have a streak for being pure evil . from everything i ever read istj are the worst matches for intellectuals . guardians tend to be more grounded while intellectuals usually live in their work ignoring things most people and society ... basketball i had 11 in my ib class most of the people were infj and they all were girls and i dislike them most of the time '