' i'm currently broadcasting . if anyone is curious , shoot me a pm and i'll give you a link . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSo-ttyk31I heh , i'm going to have to admit that i'm a little disappointed in the guarded / muted responses in this thread . i know you guys are freakier than i like x body part or i like x perfect ... how have i not come across this thread yet ? this is totally my element . first thing everyone needs to understand is that sexuality is about as normal as people are . point being : show me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_PBoeE-lGg&feature=related i don't want you to take this too personally , but this kind of behavior annoys the piss out of me . i perceive it as setting up unfair , uncommunicated expectations . if you're going to do something ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdYWuo9OFAw&feature=av2n i casually wish death upon people who inconvenience me in the slightest . i'm probably one of the most self-absorbed people i know . i'm always reflecting or introspecting no matter where i am or what i'm doing . it takes me at least half an hour to fall asleep every day ... i gradually learned how to not cry after having sex . i'm starting to realize that it's because i've been disassociating myself during and shortly after . someone pointed out to me that i am seeming ... imogen has been a guest for my inner sanctum for a few years now . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uryUCVhjtr4 i have quite a bit of stuff from them . i don't date . i make friends first and if those develop into a more serious relationship , i go with it . then again , i'm someone who doesn't think sex is a really big deal unless you make it ... i think only maybe with my computer . people sometimes get frustrated with me because i don't get possessive of them and i don't get jealous . it's like they think i don't love them or something . meak , your av really creeps me out .  ... it needed to be said . that's the best part . i don't * have * to be at my desk to do my job , but they make me come in there anyway . it's about a 45 minute drive each way . i wanted to be a teacher for a while growing up ... i really hate my day job . i've worked overnights at a web hosting company for the past three and a half years and it's the most monotonous , unrewarding job i have ever had . it's also the ... is it really a dark side if you feel that burning certain things down would be beneficial ? i persistently fantasize about setting fire to churches and temples and mosques around here and i think ... i stream the groove salad station on somafm.com . i'll chime in with a word : patience you're going to need it if he's anything like me . i trust the general populous to a certain degree . i just don't let myself be vulnerable around other ... i have the complete opposite problem . i don't trust anyone . at all . my 26th birthday is coming to a close . i've spent 10 hours of it at work . my girlfriend and i are having issues because i am incapable of allowing myself to feel vulnerable in front of anyone ... that's fine , bote . your particular brand of signifyin ' really was getting irritating . you're trying to make me die of laughter , aren't you ? : unsure : texas .  ... we're our own country as far as most of the population is concerned . i'll check in as a 5w4 . fits extremely well . i can only assume this is a thinly-veiled , passive-aggressive swipe at me . grow a pair , please . i actually never got into the specifics of why i hate religion and why i think it's evil . ... rape or murder ? i have no problem with my statement being a generalized one . we can play verbal linguistics until the end of time . i can write a thousand page essay per sentence to clarify , without any shadow of a ... because you're still failing to see the bigger picture . i listed all those links as examples of the negative ( or bad ) results and practices of the salvation army . the price of supporting this ... i can easily admit that there's references to gay marriage in the articles . i will also admit that my assertion that the articles were primarily focused on employment were in an effort to stay on ... i totally agree in that i am a perfect example of it . i don't go so far as to make someone's life a living hell , but i'll let them know if their idiocy is beyond comparison . where are you pulling gay marriage from ? really ? is this how you people argue to make a point ? did i mention gay marriage at all ? i'll take a minute to read over the thread again to make ... the donations are still used to discriminate against groups of people . donating to salvation army is donating to the christian political agenda . the only organization i've been able to find that ... think twice : where does the holiday money go ? - opinion the salvation army : what we believe the salvation army - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia americablog news : details of the salvation ... i stopped meeting people at their homes due to televisions . if people want to spend time with me , we're going out to have coffee so we can have an actual conversation . i'm a big hater of small talk . i ask probing questions , myself . things that make people think about themselves to answer . a lot of people get annoyed at me because i don't listen to music , i ... i'll add a + 1 to this . you're not going to change him so you need to decide if it's worth it to you to forgive him for not sharing this aspect or move on to someone who * does * fulfill this need of ... http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_egvxlDnBlZo/Sb2Vlk5hsDI/AAABTI/HF5aoIdc_Sw/s200/8balldoubtful.gif guided by their desire for harmony , infps prefer to be flexible unless their ethics are violated . ... wow . you're like my doppelganger or something . ... a gimmick ? like ... really ? i can't even talk to you . you focus on a specific part of my post , speculate on my experience , and immediately believe that you understand and are correct so much ... or i'm just going based off of my own experiences . i stopped watching television or paying attention to media about 7 years ago . this will make me sound like a horrible person , but i really don't ... short answer : not at all . i'm never good enough . religion is the most evil thing that exists in this world . be as spiritual as you want . i have moral flexibility in that i can be ok with something as long as there is informed consent . when i learned to stop thinking in terms of good and evil , my life opened a whole new world of experiences and possibilities . frankly , it's the only job that i've come across that is worth doing ... i wear all white clothing and black underwear . it's fun to be trashy . not really , i don't think . i mean , i seem to be a special case where everyone seems to fret over me ... at least in person . maybe they secretly are harboring grudges , but it's not known to me if ... that's me . what's up ? richard dawkins or my doppelganger . i would so be awesome in a relationship with myself . '