' hello ladies ... yes , i am the real old spice guy . this also answers your question . you're welcome . * suave grin * so i am in the position of deciding job offers , and having some difficulty . job 1 low pay given the cost of living in the area , but with hopes of elevating me to a higher position in a year's ... i am an information technologist , and my personality type doesn't quite fit into my suggestions ... however , i have been in the medical environment doing what i do , so in a way you could say i'm ' in ... perfect date ? ... one which ends with the promise of another yes ... i would take physical harm to protect someone i care about ... i'm always the designated driver , and always look out for any women i care for ( friends or family ) when out . if someone in a ... i understand , i've been thinking about just buzzing my own head , needed help to decide so i called up my own support line , got redirected to india and didn't understand the advice i was getting ... just don't get into a relationship just because you are sick of being single ... it would be doomed to fail ( probably ) :) i have accepted the fact that i may well be single for a long , long time . i ... i would love to meet up with infjs in my travels and talk to people who are supposed to be ' just like me ' . ;) i am into technology - but not so much the chic retail stuff , moreso the enterprise back-end stuff , servers , etc that keep businesses running . i also need a job in this field at the moment if ... all my life , i have been able to keep a secret . it just seems easy to me . everyone else around me , has to tell someone they ' trust ' with something someone else entrusted to them . one parent will ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCOw0R-pXUA sounds interesting , are the instrument sounds realistic though ? one thing that turned me off from learning the piano was that the keyboards used to practice on , didnt sound anything like a piano , so ... yeeaaahhh .. kinda makes me put a plea out to the perc community : if you are a gifted musician , maybe make some nice music we could use in our videos royalty-free . in return you get a credit , ... before i could make long proper sentences i was humming and making musical sounds . in my childhood years i would create my own music in my mind , and hum it out loud to get me to go to sleep - much ... world of tanks is great for quick 15 - minute disengagements from reality . the social aspect doesn't really exist though , most of the talking is done through 70-122 mm barrels ... i have a couple of eve online accounts . one of which is about to hit 100 million sp , oh joy ... it has a bit of a steep learning curve , and you don't even come close to grasping it's full ... epic . nurse : dr , he needs a new lung , fast ! dr . legba : nae worry lassie , use ma bagpipes . may talk a wee bitty weird afterward , but he'll be a hit at the partaes ! so very true ... i had a rather rough school life , i had all sorts of crap spread about me . for example there was a strong opinion that i was gay ( no idea where that came from ) , and i lost friends ... ohnoeeess , the internet is imploding ! this is a very open question , and given the day and or mood i am in , i'm sure i would have a differing answer . so tonight , i will say : a species that still wages destruction upon itself isn't ... for me ... i adapt to the person i'm talking to ... even to the point where i might start to mimic their accent or mannerisms ... this is by no means an attempt to be rude or a smartass , it's just ... physically ... didn't think i was attractive for the longest time .. even though deep down i knew logically i had to be attractive to someone out there . then again , i'm still not married so maybe i ... i'm usually said to be younger when i'm clean-shaven , but older when i'm packing scruff . i have yet to try this guessing game with a buzz-cut or a totally shaved head , maybe i will try it some day ... i confess ... that this may be the first forum / outlet i've come across during my time on this planet where people may genuinely accept who i am , and understand my thought process ... i found this ... kapow ! ... added , let the creeping and stalking commence ... 24346 is me ... as is the dude on the left ;) whoops , i posted this in a similar thread in another forum . i've been primarily in it - from help desking , to web development , to administration and integration . currently , i am unemployed ... the thin red line soundtrack ... probably my favorite album go for it . i wish i had the same desire and guts to make that jump when i was your age ;) we need to be tall ... to see over all the b . s . ;) i've been primarily in it - from help desking , to web development , to administration and integration . currently , i am unemployed * sigh * so if anyone out there needs someone in it , send me a message ... there is not a religious belief system that i follow ... i do find buddhism interesting however , particularly because it favours logical thinking over faith ( the reincarnation part is something i ... i hover between 5 ' 11 and 6 ' hello ... i've consistently tested as an infj , but have also had an intj result as well . so i suppose that makes me a bit of a mutt , inxj :P still searching for my place in the world . '