' dunno if this will contribute to the discussion , but yesterday my entp co-worker and i were debating with my intp boss , giving him pretty obvious reasons why his idea was boring and why it won't ... i don't consider myself athletic , but i love to push my limits . i only got into sports three years ago , when i finished my first marathon ( 42km ) ! i hope to become a triathlete someday . two ... 1 . i'm a strategist in a marketing communications company . 2 . i couldn't say because i don't really know what my passion is . i do love learning and geeking out on things , and i like being involved ... amen ! i don't think these people are worth keeping around . i don't have the patience to navigate through their bullshit . i burned bridges with an infj friend because she kept on cutting me off ... afaik i've never met one . where can i place an order and do they accept credit , please ? i work with an enfj . she's one of the kindest people i've met , but it really annoys me how she'd rather take the slow but safe method that she's always gotten used to , instead of taking a more ... a message to my sister : just in case you're gonna use the shower , there's a light brown worm corpse on the floor , on the side opposite of the shower head . used to be about 5 inches long and bright ... when you know exactly how it is to feel restless and lazy at the same time . how easy it is for you to move on from a failed pursuit : perhaps a doomed relationship , a withering friendship , or an impossible project ? do you often find yourself leaving the door open for the ... i can be very un-entp when it comes to planning trips . well , i guess it's not unusual for entps to be incredibly detailed and focused when it comes to things we really , really like to do . when i'm ... i need someone who calls me out on my shit . got intj on the test . yep . yep , making yourself tired works . i exhaust all my energy throughout the day so that i'll look forward to smooshing my face into my cold pillow when i get home . whyyy , fellow entp ? why would you want to subject yourself to such torture ? i've fallen for three intps in my life , gotten into a serious relationship with one , and they all made me want to shoot ... sweettsubaki lonewaer ravn thank you so much for your insights ! sorry i replied just now ; i got sidetracked by ne , lol . anyway , i've considered all your suggestions , decided to get out of my ... in a rare moment of idleness , you look at your hands and realize that the fingernails on your right are trimmed and the ones on your left are still long . how important is chemistry to you when it comes to dating ? i had a discussion with an enfp friend recently and found that we had very different perspectives on the matter . she's a firm believer ... i already do enough talking about my feelings . to myself . in my head . awww , really ? does it have to be meee ? * arm flail * i still prefer to be the one pursued , rather than the one pursuing . ( thanks , disney-filled childhood . ) my ne-dom need for validation isn't ... nah , he didn't have a girlfriend at that time , but he was casually dating someone . he recently ended a serious relationship last july . i'm not sure which of them initiated the breakup---i just found ... i've been going out with this intp i met on tinder for a couple of months now---nothing romantic or sexual , just friendly dates together or game nights with his friends . we connected very well ... this . i recently had my first fight with a close enfp friend , who had been cheated on early this year . classic fi-fe clash . me : i've had a tough year ; i made too many bad emotional investments . i ... ^ - and you forget the said first aid kid at home more than you remember to bring it . - you've learned how to perform first aid on yourself because you get into mini-accidents everyday . - you carry a small first aid kit in your bag for that purpose . because i work in pr and i still believe in the importance of subtlety ! hahaha . no , seriously . nah . he said he was dating someone else other than me , and in order to protect myself i said that we ... got iiit . thank you , intjs ! not his girlfriend , just another girl that he's seeing . i dunno , it doesn't really seem to be a concern to me . we've been spending much more time together and that kinda assures me that he prefers me ... that's true . i hate assuming roles , too , most especially in personal relationships . i just feel like i am the more emotional and sensitive person in the relationship , and that i might have to be ... hello , fellow entps ! i have managed to find myself an intj and would greatly appreciate your perspective on this matter . ( i've posted this on their forum as well . ) i've been going out with him for ... i've been going out with this intj for about a month now . we met on tinder ( yeah , i know ) , so the fact of attraction was established right from the beginning . right before our second date , he told me ... i hate them too . the only person i had a serious relationship with was an intp and we both laughed at the idea of calling each other baby or sweetie . we did have nicknames for each other , but we ... i love one-on-ones with my best friends . with acquaintances and people i've just met , not so much . i've learned how to work my way around it , but i'd avoid it if i could . i prefer interacting with ... as entps , i don't think we will ever feel * truly * satisfied with where we are . satisfaction is dull . we live for the hunger---it keeps us moving , it keeps us alive . nah . there's something to be learned from every person you meet . learn how to deal with them . you don't have to be friends with them , but let them teach you a thing or two about patience . :P you'll ... 1 . i think i'd rather be seduced because i am absolutely terrible at flirting . 2 . i don't have specific moves , although friends have observed that i am a more enthusiastic version of myself when ... i occasionally console myself with romantic movies and songs when i'm sad . ( the tasteful kind ! ) apparently , not giving a fuck is a special talent of mine . i've pushed many people's buttons because of that . now i try my best to be more conscious of how they would feel as a result of my ... come to think of it , pooping also became a very unpleasant experience when i traveled to thailand . the combination of extremely spicy food ( mild by their standards ) , gallons of milk tea to cool my ... we love to get lost . ;) take your entp to the great outdoors ! :) personally , i love the thrill of trekking new hills and mountains and the problem-solving fun involved in figuring out the trail and trying to pitch a tent or ... recently : is it normal to have painful spicy poop after having korean food i usually laugh and eat a lot . one time i stepped into a cafe run by baptists while high on weed and i had a panic attack because the awful food , terrible service , bible verses on the wall , creepy ... i'm an aries with lots of aquarius in my chart . i don't buy predictive astrology , but i like observing how people who have a certain aspect really tend to behave in a certain way . it's actually more ... dear infj roommate , it's 10 pm , and i'm exhausted from rendering three hours of overtime work . the last things i want to hear about are the water stains on the table , and the lack of color coding ... lately , i haven't had that much time for hobbies , but when i do ... my favorite hobby is finding a new hobby ( e . g . knitting , running , reading science textbooks , playing the ukulele ) , obsessing over ... i dunno . maybe some fi users find our fe used with ti rather cold ? i've angered a few fi users for using my tertiary fe and making decisions according to the greater good rather than the whiny ass ... i usually don't keep grudges ; they're a waste of time and energy ! i think i can be very tolerant of friends ' and family members ' mistakes , because i always have this internal dialogue wherein i try ... ^ i agree . a mature entp is more sensitive to how his / her words and actions affect others . ladies and gentlemen , as i take a short break from writing a looong marketing proposal due in two hours , allow me to introduce to you ... the pomodoro technique . manage procrastination with ... to be honest , i think many of us need to grab a slice of humble pie and try to understand why some people choose to be a certain way , instead of judging them harshly . my entp arrogance almost cost ... '