' it has been too long since i have been on personalitycafe - although it doesn't seem to have changed one bit - but i must say it is good to be back somewhere like this . usually i turn to doctor who ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EEW-9NDM5k overwhelmed by the world around me . in one dream i have had i was being chased by a large shadowy creature , with someone else who i felt i had to save above all else . the dream ended after she reached safety , but as for what happened ... well now my avatar is a doctor who clockwork creature . i always liked this monster because it is just a worker trying to do it's job , kind of : 3 1st - thanks for your reply , i appreciate all the help i can get . 2nd - i think everyone has the right to their opinion :) ( however too many people abuse that right :P ) yea , not doing the iron man thing xd thanks for all the advice everyone :) thanks :) i think i needed some humour . i might show them this ( maybe ) . i know they won't do anything harsh like throw me out or beat me ( although i have places to go ) . but i really don't ... i don't really know how to judge personality types , i can only say mums introverted , while dad is extroverted :P ok , so i understand what i want , and how i feel about liking men . that's all good . but the problem now is how do i tell my parents ? i want to tell them , but i really don't know how to say to them ... i'm contempt , as always i suppose , i have spent this afternoon buried in my book and in my own world , only after spending this morning out with our animals . suppose it's a good mix :) . i will have ... whats the hardest thing i'm going to face in life ? . . i haven't got a clue . but from my current perspective , telling my parents i'm gay seems like a huge hurdle . i do suspect that it will seem ... i do ! mi6 too , and torchwood .  ... oh that's fictional . oh well , still :) i just got the book two days ago and have just read it . i thought it was brilliant ! this is true for me too . my family love me , and i them , but they never wanted to deeply understand who i am . i am contempt with this and just keeping the deeper me to my self . different people see ... to look at , and understand yourself . knowing yourself is important ; and there is so much to know ! also be happy - i have not let anything get me down lately , and i feel better for it - either that ... i guess not , but i wasn't watching comedy central http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1GmxMTwUgs&feature=plcp this is such an incredible song <3 thanks for your reply , and i can relate , in part at least , to you . this is not as big a deal as i may have made it to be , but the reply to pointing it out well just do it more or something along those lines . i feel the same , although i have only ever ' entered ' this state of mind in a time of ' need ' or ' emotion ' not just for the sake of it . sometimes i think i'm too young , other times i just live my life ... i find that my parents are never happy with any effort i give them with anything . i will say i used to be quite lazy but lately i have tried to do by best and do everything they ask without hassle ... hey there ! 43579 those spoiler buttons still pre-load the images so it doesn't matter i'm not the best driver , and i currently hold only a restricted licence , but i drive as safely as i can , and ( don't tell my parents ) only speed on an open road with no one around . don't let someone tell you your beliefs are wrong , they are yours . what you think is right and true . people may not agree with you , that does not make your beliefs wrong it just means they are ... midnight blue , no question . i can be so many things and i feel i'm very contrasting . you may see a dark shade of blue where , in fact , there is a story behind every line of that magnificent ... i'm fine with ads . i make websites so know how sometimes you need them . just a reccomendation though , make them open in a new window when clicked ( ' target = _top ' ) yes i want people to understand . some people anyway . but i think it doesn't matter if they could understand me , because so many people don't care to . not really and fully . just interested to know what some other infjs ' ideas are on letting people in to our lives , or keeping a distance . personaly there are very few people i let in to my world at all , and i let no one ... i wouldn't be bothered personally . actually i sometimes actually think that i don't realize how obvious i can be or how others might feel . if i don't see good in someone , i won't hang around . if it happens to be you chances are you won't notice me by accident . i can be good at just disappearing if i don't want to see you in a library or out on a walk somewhere remote alone i agree , and although i'm a very black and white person ( on the outside anyway ) , this website needs some colour . it is too bright and the black doesn't help at all . i'm defiantly a night person , no doubt about it . i enjoy being out late and sleeping half the day away . when you say you have lost your balance i knew exactly how you feel , i can say i'm in a similar place right now and have lost the thing that really keeps me going ( my balance ) and my world i spinning ... looks good ! i think the top navigation bar / news would look better with a darker colour , white seems to bright . i would be with the tenth , all the way .  ... actually both of them ;) - and capt . jack i was going to say that ( about doctor who ) , but i thought my second thing seemed more appropriate . but apart from the tardis , i would get in my car and just drive , stopping only to enjoy a ... thanks . your right and i do like constructive criticism because you have something to work on and improve , i guess it just upset me a little . how do you feel when people criticize your work or something you do ? whenever someone tells me that something i have done is not good enough it makes me feel like i am not good enough . maybe ... yes - owner of a lonely heart http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELpmmeT69cE as a doctor who fan i have to say repeated memory wipes by the silence will eventually fry your brain - the eleventh doctor but i'm the same , and when i do remember it's after a while and people ... currently i am reading ' the white wolf's son ' , a good read . not quite what i expected when i picked it up but i will finish it soon . and next i want to read ' the wolf gift ' ... tonight i sit outside my window in the blackness of night , staring out into the wilderness we call space . peace . beauty . i could stay here till the morning light . the thousands of suns i stare upon ... i was going to close my facebook a few months back , but as well as wanting to be able to message my family in ausse and school friends i found that i had connected a few other websites to it ... 30 seconds to mars - all of my collections . it seems to be fitting my mood right now . i have seen it , and i agree . i did actually think that the first time i watched the movie , and from the beginning ( or when they got their powers ) i kinda thought andrew would never work right with ... ok so i have just watched underworld 4 ( awakening ) and must say it was a really good film , compared to the other films out in the last few months anyway . i don't think it was as good as the first 3 ... i would never want to turn off my emotions . sometimes i hide them from the world , but i still need them for me . '