' 1 . what type did you mistype as ? entp 2 . what is your actual type ? intp or intj , i don't really care . 3 . how long did it take you to figure out that you weren't the type you thought you were ? ... probability is undeniable last i checked , but who knows . if it is nonsense , then how so ? what do you have to contribute or refute the claim that personality is not attributed to nurture ? are you ... i think the sj majority in theory is better at collective action . you are right about the huge ratio that it would take to lead the whole as an independant person . i think that if the theory is ... it must be possible for a parent of any given temperment to have a child who is of another temperament . there is no research i know of that shows this to be true or not . however , i still believe that ... not only is traditionalism encouraged , but it is easier to go with the flock than to not . the outcast children-including unusual sensors - go against the survival of the fittest idea . i think ... that could also be , seeing as how she did non-profit work . that is a stereotypical nf thing to do . i will say esfp or enfp are the best guesses . esfp or estp . her faults make her hard to type . impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the power they have to change it . impossible is not a fact . it's ... i know that it's very hard to get accurate statistics on religion because of the quality of the surveys . for instance , if the question do you follow the religion of your parents ? is not on the ... the last decade has been the fire that will start the reform of islam . christianity went through its own reformation in the 16th century . muslims need to learn how to take criticism . is it a ... i strongly believe that those over reactions can be explained by conditioning , or lack of conditioning , just as much as by mbti . if a highly sensitive person experiences a very challenging ... i'm assuming you posted this to see if other entps shared those traits . are those traits that you personally have ? - never got good grades in school . ( i always thought i'd get higher grades than i ... i would assume you are right about the depth of ne versus ni . the only observation i have to add about ne is that it allows the mood in the environment to be understood very quickly . when i enter an ... probably because the picture you posted was that of one jay z , and it was posted in response to pictures of stereotypical entjs . i can see what you mean , but the fact that it is jay z just makes me ... estj and estp short term : to finish school and become a successful lawyer and tackle some major issues etc . long term : open up a few small businesses ( brewery , coffeeshop , vineyard ) and be an investor . i ... getting along with superiors is not too bad once you get past the training phase . the leadership is usually more dynamic than people are led to believe , even though they are predominately sj . that is ... adventure and experience also , i second this part about interesting conversations . it isn't just the intellectual need , it is that i don't feel comfortable talking about mundane small talk type stuff . i just have a loss for ... i've got to say that this comes across as a charge that entps are all game playing asses and are guilty as charged . furthermore , the likelihood of your friend also being and infp who is in a ... most likely practical application would probably be to learn how to work on the weaker hemisphere . especially for students who , according to the link , need to learn how to make lists and organize ... i live near there in tacoma . sometimes i don't notice those things and in other times , i just don't care enough . that goes back to the whole preference of se and ne in the blueberry scenario . those small things are draining for ... a random place with random interesting people and alcohol . although that sounds like a bar it never is because most people are very boring and useless in conversation . that website describes the attributes as if the left brain is superior in every single description . obviously written by a left brain dominant person . when you compare the mbti cognitive functions ... mi is the best for any nt . no question about it . i have worked with logistics , but i do not know much about their job other than they do a lot of equipment accounting , which is also a very mundane ... ahh funny , but true . you forgot some ... f ) don't worry about ever getting promoted g ) brainwashing isn't optional on a serious note , the big thing with being an entp is having to deal with a ... grammar usually doesn't bother me at all . the only thing i hate is when people write in first person narrative and sound stupid about it , especially if they add in words like cuz instead of because ... i found this intersting even though i think it's pseudo-science . who would attempt to demonstrate that a personality can be explained by a higher amount of a neurotransmitter without doing actual ... i do stare a lot , especially when someone has sparked my interest . when they interest me , i become fascinated , regardless of whether they are annoying or cool . i just have to know what makes them ... i like the theory and i have a few questions : are you saying that people of each type have a common physical appearance ? what makes the content individuals content ? is it attractiveness or ... sj : 1 . what's your general impression of people of that temperament ? very loyal and loving , but narrow minded . 2 . what do you like most about them ? trustworthiness and consistency . 3 ... - traffic / transportation : i have an obsession with inefficient traffic and just about anything that happens in traffic . for instance , when someone slowly walks across the street talking on their cell ... extroverted rationals could be confused with introverts because all rationals have an introverted nature . furthermore , rationals have a cold demeanor . i know i do until i have become familiar with ... i am an atheist becuase i don't believe in organized religion and the concept of faith , as well as many other factors . i was also not scared of hell when i was a child , it sounded more exciting than ... are there experiences in your past that forced you into having strong ne and se ? such as intense college studies , military experience , competitive sports . i think the inferior functions can be easily ... 5 . the misanthrope . being able to deal with very few people . hating anyone who is not familiar for no apparent reason . for instance , in a public place , this subtype may hate the crowd because they ... give me some personally held belief of yours and we can begin . why do you have the butterfly theme on your profile ? i was forced into sports when i was very young . i hated it for the most part , because i was always hesitant to make mistakes . it didn't feel natural for me . i played soccer , baseball , football , and ... i enjoy most to debate with sj types , especially the thinking sj . they are hard to convince and actually have a viewpoint that is different than mine . enfps are fun to talk to because they will ... no , never . i think it is a joke in a way . in the majority of people i know , i see religious beliefs that are unexamined . and even worse , that is a compliment to some of them . the majority of religious people ... yes , very often . i wonder if that is common among nts only . do you pray to the cheese ? i am an atheist . i was raised protestant christian . i have experimented with many different churches and a few religions . my favorite metaphysical question for the religious minded : who created ... we only seperate the functions that way for the purpose of defining each function as a distinct and precise trait . we do that for understanding of human nature and for nothing else . no function can ... i am only addressing the part about ne using the senses and si generating possibilities . i don't know what myers or keirsey's explantions were for that apparent contradiction . however , i think that ... gotta love that sense of humor ! the funny thing here is that i think you are trying to be funny , and doing an incredible job , but most people probably take that seriously . would it still be considered base jumping if you didn't bring your parachute ? i'll respond on the condition that you explain why infjs believe their eyes have the mysteriousness , darkness , sadness etc . how many entps can truly say that they have any of those crazy jobs ... '