' they are usually the kind of girls who you can find on tumbr , reddit and any other shitty website where they can write about how cool they are because they are smart and cold and everyone else is ... the opposite . i'd like to be the only nt in a world of s's and f's . i'd be a god . 105786 a lazy fat owl ? i have schizoid personality disorder so that was never a problem to me . actually i wasn't isolated . i was a little different and creative and very honest , that attracted some nice people to me . i had ... i stare at them with a blank face . but if we are having an argument then i might yell as well . 88035 garfield . masturbation . eating . sleeping . sex . playing that great game for the first time . that makes me feel more comfortable . i've read that this kind of fantasy is absolutely normal . i'm glad i'm not crazy . i know , man . i don't worry about that because i know that is something i will never do ( or else i'd go arrested ) . but i know it is sick . horns by joe hill . http://joehillfiction.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/hornsTP.jpg i constantly fantasize about killing people since i was 8 or 9 . maybe 7 . i think about that almost every day of my life . is not something i will do , but is something that i can't stop thinking about ... it's very active and that sucks . it hurts a little . sometimes i have this feeling in the front of my brain like there was some sort of acid running through its veins . it makes me very oblivious to ... is this one of those debates about sleeping vs browsing the internet ? that explains a lot . i don't even know who i am anymore ... 86469 we are a minority . who are you ? 86446 are you sure that's not add ? hey guys , check this out . vatican leads tributes to lou reed - telegraph i'm sorry for never saying i'm sorry . we just lost a legend . lou reed , lead singer of velvet undergound , dies aged 71 | music | the guardian http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cWzxJvgWc8 85972 uh ... welcome ! http://mybfolder.com/pics/4921-1271618494.jpg 85966 http://memearchive.net/memerial.net/5525/scientology-tom-cruise-laughing.jpg 85939 exactly . you don't have to say a lot . just observe and post what you want when you feel like it . i'm also an intp and i joined the forum last month and i'm having a great time . i'm sure you'll ... i'm very critic and impartial . i analyze every film that i watch and i can come up with a list of bad things about every movie that i love . i'm not some undergroud hipster that adores iranian movies , ... science fiction should at least be a little realistic . distric 9 for example made me cringe at the idea of a human being becoming an arthropod and then going back to being a human being once again . ... yes , but only if i know that person . intj because of reasons . weeelcome ! 85937 two of my neighbors are brothers and they fight every single they since we were 8 . and those are serious and aggressive fights . i'll never understand that . why do siblings hate each other so much ? ... what does the mbti personality types here think about this subject ? when was the last time you punched someone right in the face ? did you enjoy it ? last time i fought someone i was 13 . i used to ... he was a little gay in the beginning , but then he got all shady and manlier . he's definitely the best character from inuyasha . the only character that is immune to all the bullshit that takahashi ... i'm extremely lazy and i have add , which makes me even lazier . and you're right . it's hard for us to consider something as being important . everything is just so irrelevant . this made me develop ... when for some reason there's a blackout everyone loses their minds and can't shut up . i just sit down and start to think about life and the universe and spend hours and hours in my fantasy world to ... i already like you . welcome , dude ! http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/soon-meme.jpg it doesn't matter if the glass is empty or full . it never has enough to satisfy my thirst anyway . philosophy , biology and psychology are my main interests . if it wasn't for the lack of high-paying jobs i'd definitely go for philosophy as a career . i like dealing with the human mind and ... i was going to choose sesshomaru , but people would keep staring at me all the time . i guess we should pick characters with an ordinary look . silver hair , claws and golden eyes wouldn't fit in our ... for power : goku for personality and intelligence : shikamaru from naruto for looks ( and intelligence and power as well ): aizen from bleach i guess i'd pick aizen . aizen is awesome . also , kyoka ... let the right one in . oh yes . i have only bad things to say about myself . that makes self-depreciating humor so natural to me . bitter sarcasm ? there's no way i could live my life seeing all the shit that people do ... he's lonely . he saw other people having fun while he was alone with his friend . he wanted to interrupt their fun and be the super macho so he would feel more secure about himself . some people are ... my heart tells me to pick charmander because he's my favorite , but i'm pretty sure that his tail would eventually start a fire . squirtle would be the perfect choice for hot days when i'm thirsty ... to prove he's so powerful . but seriously , we are not alone in this universe . everything points out to the fact that there's life out there so the universe has to be big . the real question is : if god ... romantically ? i would run away in pain . one day i was browsing porn and there was this porn actress that looked just like my ex . i spent the next 8 hours feeling like shit . but if said person ... amateur porn . i love amateur pornography . i can't deal with fake porn . like those asian girls faking all that moaning . that kills the vibe for me . i like it when they're not pretending . my iq is 135 , almost a genius . i don't know how to use all that potential though . i'm too lazy to do anything . i'm too lazy to even care about anything . if at least being gifted meant that i'd have a ... parties ? i hate them . social gathering ? only when there's only people that i know and that i like there . i only go to this kind of things when i have a escape plan . if i can't escape to recharge ... '