' i think it's healthier to accept a dry spell than trying to fake enthusiasm for someone because you are tired of looking . i know i have done that with disastrous results . i had a thought . maybe ... i'm getting more confused as i learn about cognitive functions . i see ne and te in my stack and less si . i love talking to people if they are authentic . i loathe small talk . in an ideal world i ... i know your pain . i see an enfj make a room full of people brighten up and it is just so sexy . well , this is personal but i hope it helps . the thing is every child wants their parents together . every child ! my son doesn't remember me and his dad living together but he cries for his dad with ... i am seeing infj tendencies in my son - so i was wondering if any of you had an nfp parent ? any advice that you wish your parents had for you growing up ? i recently noticed that his anxiety ... if you miss fighting with the xnfxs then start your own war thread ! also booo booo * throws rotten fruit * i don't know about that - i think infp and entj are good for each other . it's not necessarily easy the same way others of the same temperament can be . i think it's like traveling - the more you travel ... i agree about sleeping next to someone - it is the only time i will drift off without meaning to . it's time lapsed photos of sleeping couples :) somniorum i am pretty sure i have seen some jobs paying six-figures for finger pointing while talking :P sensei.of.slow i like to think we are special snow flakes ... but no not genius . it just ... i promise i am not hitting on you - i have a penchant for them as well . they are that sweet spot between romance and sensuality . i hope this is kosher for this region of the thread . your lips drop ... i have to submit design work to an estj - i am new to design and the estj is conservative with praise and generous with criticism . god nooo more criticism ! a condescending estj on top of ... so ... you guys don't have a enfj porn thread but i was thinking this might be up your alley : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-DuAjSV5CT0Y/UTq_e_og5lI/AAAbM/XA4_5ZVnXrs/s1600/old-woman-laughing.jpg ... http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/10/article-2451782-18A70183000578-180_638x473.jpg http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/10/10/article-2451782-18A6EF44000578-881_638x519.jpg ... i was interested in that as well . he said we had that region light up but we aren't as responsive to it . i think that we specifically don't have the same behavioral change toward the feedback . i like this exercise . i need to remember the good in other humans even if i don't see eye to eye with them . each mbti represents millions of human beings . that's a large group to discount based on a ... humility creates improvement : l in that case * hug * i mean - they are just always good :) my own insignificance to others has helped me lose self-consciousness . if i make a huge fool of myself it doesn't really matter . i'm just a little bitty ant in a big world and someday i will die ... i want to save it - i know it's not remotely likely . i have very high aspirations and i'm going to try for them . ugh . it's annoying and overwhelming when i think about how much time and work if ... weak in the knees - is it hot in here ? :) i <3 my infj - my chosen family :D i will add , to me she is : dedicated , fiercely loyal , a little judgmental sometimes , she has trouble when people make bad choices and she loves them ( she will say ... i don't want to ask questions ... i want to be shown things . i want to feel the oneness of the universe - the entire collective conscious . i want to comprehend the nature of existence . i want ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXi_ldNRNtM i am on an alan watts kick - this video reminded me of this thread . you know the words but you don't know the music . i sometimes feel that way . the ... dabbling i apologize i should have said * some at the beginning it certainly isn't a majority of the time - but i have noticed / picked up on sadism from thinkers before . anyway , it isn't the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcPWU59Luoc this man soothes my soul . i think there are a few historical examples that contradict that . we thought the earth was flat ( plausible ) we thought we were the center of the universe ( arrogant and plausible lol ) no - not at all . i just thought it was classless . well , probably because bullying releases dopamine in the brain and dopamine feels good . now , why we have a pleasurable neurotransmitter that gets released by harming another human ... that is on ... i think there is a fair amount of time that we label something as logical when we actually mean plausible . even te uses plausible . literally ! ! ! hehe . lately i've been successful at dodging attempts to engage in intense debates . actually - i just stopped talking with one in the middle . i was like this isn't fun and i don't ... thinkers seem to get a kick out of being sadistic to feelers sometimes . i'm sorry :( attic it isn't so much that we use the more animal like areas more or less - it is simply that we use the newly developed regions just as much . i find it fascinating that ethics is a newer part of the ... i tried to ask a question over in the entj forum and i posted to the wrong thread ... one guy said there should be capital punishment and then they discussed that they wanted a moat filled with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny7toR-lc6k damn - i just saw the first page of this thread you guys would have an exclusive thread . sorry about that ! is my type ( infp ) causing an entj to withhold feedback ? * now the details - i read the rules * i am working on a project for an entj ( we have discussed our types and even the fact that i am a type ... aghhh ! yes - this ! i have has this happen enough that i now strategize interactions with the opposite sex as follows : angle your hips away from them slightly break eye contact at regular intervals try not to ... i think people who admit they were wrong are the best - it's so hard to do . i end up admiring them more than gloating :) i don't really gloat anyway . keeping it classy right ... estjs successfully accomplish a good deal of important tasks every day - from surgery to computer programming . they can also be quite hilarious when they goof off . if we could all have the secure psyche of the entj ... well the world would end ... but it would end efficiently and no one would feel insecure :) hehe hand a thinker a warm emotion ... they drop it try again this time in a subtly different way ... they drop it try a bunch in rapid succession ... * plat , plat , plat * hrmmm i had a black horse who ran beside the car :) sometimes he was a pegasus and sometimes a unicorn - i was always riding . i remember the smell of my grandmas hair when i hugged her and how fragile ... racism , sexism , or inequality . i shame people for racists jokes . i'm not laughing because they aren't funny - really - not even ironically funny . i don't believe they are being ironic anyway . ugh . ... it would look more legitimate if it had some numbers about the sample population . having the reference of the sample size missing is a sign that it's not a valid study . there are so many bad studies ... ok - i was thinking about it and ... da vinci never completed the mona lisa there is a famous sculptor named giacometti who never felt he captured what he was trying to ( human frailty ) i have a ... well , i think dissatisfaction can lead to greatness if it doesn't make you feel defeated . like iamken said - loving something and just spending the time and sweat to get good will eventually get ... it was about 90 minutes i think . i only hit the infp highlights :) i looked for the slide show i found before but now it seems to be hiding . you may be able to find another video with better sound ... if i knew you - i would totally show you my method for drawing . it is more precise than you might think . if you want to make something representational then you use your pencil to measure proportions ... '