' software development . my job is terrible for me because most of it is support-related . i need to be creating something interesting in order to be fulfilled by my work and i can so rarely do that ... notoriously yes . once i get to the point where the discovery is done and i'm just up to the adding content part , i really need to see the purpose of the project and that purpose had better be ... i'm torn on an answer to this question . on one hand , i feel like i tend to be more about depth because i only have a select few interests that i'll actively pursue . at the same time , i'll only ... my biggest problem when talking with intps is when we differ on a topic that is a matter of opinion . neither of us can logically explain why we feel our side is right because both of our sides are ... as an intp , i'll list some of my core values here : - disconnection from the big , wide world in favour of nurturing a smaller , intimate world . i don't particularly like to travel or learn about ... 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? straight male . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) drink occasionally , socially . that's all . 3 . how ... i got the job i'm in by shotgunning . i'm not a good fit for the position but i'm staying here while i snipe out a more suitable one . in my position , there's no point shotgunning because my next ... hey , i just had a question about how to approach the issue of references when switching jobs ... when you're leaving a job because it wasn't a good fit for you . long story short , i graduated from it ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? only child 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? me neither , but i'm curious : why not ? i somewhat enjoy it , but i can't get into it because of one simple fact : i know if i sat down long enough and dedicated my life to it , i could get good at it ... but for what purpose ? to be ... i've had a few chances to play ddr recently at home , just a few minutes here and there . i can't utilize my living space for the game so i basically squeezed it into a corner and play very ... she sees it as just a hobby and doesn't have any concerns . she actually wants to get a standalone house for her own set of reasons , many of which are also noise / space / pet related . we have that in ... that comment suggests to me that you wish there was an alternative and you're taking such rash action because you see it as the only option ; not because you necessarily deeply cherish that way of ... i'm seeing a big problem here : not to be too blunt , but what do you honestly feel your chances are of meeting a future loved one if you're going through your entire life unhappy ? sustaining a ... hobbies . i swear i do this sometimes . :P name an uncommon fantasy magic spell . conspiracy nut jeopardy ! name something that would make any sport better . definitely the most obnoxious lack of knowledge i possess is my limited knowledge of what's current in movies , tv , music , books , celebrities , etc . why is this obnoxious ? simply : it comes up at ... that's ultimately how i found myself looking at it as well . i don't feel like ddr has done anything unhealthy to my life ; at least not yet . i think the hardest part for me is determining whether ... hey everyone ! 28 / m here . this may sound like a weird one at first , but it'll make sense in a moment . i used to play a ton of dance dance revolution ( ddr ) ( technically stepmania but same idea ) in ... i can be alone indefinitely as long as i have something to focus on ... or more accurately , i default to wanting to be alone unless i have some reason to want to see someone . there isn't really a ... i haven't done the paid one ; just a free one found here : free strengths test - find your talents and potential - free strengths test - find your talents and potential i did find this to be one of ... here's a topic i've been curious on for awhile : people who write music ; why do you ? i've been writing music ( casually ) since i was old enough to sit at a piano . i eventually moved to writing on ... that advice is fantastic . unless people become clones of each other ( in which case , i would argue life is indeed pointless since they're all effectively one life so the species is as good as extinct ) , there is no state ... this makes two of us ! i'm an intp . i gather information from external sources , process it internally and find something cool to maybe use it for . i don't like being told that i need to watch xyz ... for those of you who play video games ; what do you look for in them ? why do you play them ? more specifically , are there still gamers out there who don't look to games for story , plot and character ... when you play a board game and you want to tinker with it and fix it more than you want to play it . : tongue : intp : let me think about it first and never get back to you . intp : devil's advocate - never the devil . estj , i'd say . the nature of tradition as a whole doesn't sit well with me unless it's in a very positive light ( celebrating birthdays , christmas , etc . ) . being told that their way is better because ... fluffy , doscile , social cats who are happy to suck up for attention are the most adorable things ever . independent cats who never want anything to do with the owners are kind of pointless as pets , ... howdy ! i am curious on people's thoughts regarding education paths ( degrees , etc . ) that are best for people who want to avoid doing a lot of group project work ... and project work in general .  ... isfj your mbti type ( and enneagram if you know it ): intp your biological sex : m your mental gender : m your age : 28 what sport ( s ) do you currently do ? ( going for a walk etc . counts , too ): if ... worst seaseme street meme the medical terminology twins : hurt and hernie . least likely myth that mythbusters will feature on their show i like the comfort of a home base . it doesn't necessarily have to be my house , although space that's entirely mine and under my control , with the people i want when i want them and not when i don't ... i can 100 % understand these feelings . i get them myself all the time and it's discouraging . i've actually been getting it a lot lately . it seems my passions are all that get me excited to live . if ... 1 . unless george booked weekends off ( in which case he likely wouldn't get the job , due to being in retail ) , he wouldn't have much time on weekends to feasibly volunteer . intp ( probably ? ) went to college for : software development working : database support ( close enough : tongue : ) dream jobs : college instructor / web designer / indie game developer / music ... yes , i am aware of such attempts and the difficulties inherent within them . i was merely talking from a hypothetical standpoint as i don't realistically expect such a language to appear in the ... it sounds like the complete answer to this question would effectively be the same as the source code of a perfectly good human ai . good luck with that ! : tongue : with pleasure . :) the fact that one has to know more than one language in order to communicate with the significant majority of humanity is outrageous . with what purpose do we still hold on to and ... i don't remember any results from more than 2 years ago , but 2 years ago i scored an intp . these days i feel like i'm either intp , infp or infj , though there is definitely some significant ... unpopular opinion time ! i don't like the idea of languages and have no desire to learn a second language . they come between us and the ability to communicate with someone of our same species ! this ... that's fair . i suppose i associate them as one and the same . in practice , i suppose the result of excessive social interaction for an introvert involves both : the act of being drained itself , ... just because a creation is manmade , how does that make something fake ? fake : verb ( used with object ) , faked , faking . 1 . prepare or make ( something specious , deceptive , or fraudulent ): ... how so ? 1.8 deprive of ... vitality : is somewhat open to interpretation if we conclude that vitality is defined as : noun , plural vitalities . 1 . exuberant physical strength or mental vigor : ... one doesn't need to go to the extreme that it gets to you . i tend to enjoy the music that i do because it's musically interesting , not because it's depressing . on the contrary , i find it energizing ... i completely agree with everyone who says they tend to prefer music in minor keys , especially with good use of dissonance . symphonic rock is a fun genre for such things when not in the mood for more ... '