' i dont post much on here but i like this typology shit . a little about me , im a tritype 593 that is 5w6 - 9w8 - 3w2 , i like alot of different shit . ive dabbled in most sports with basketball being the ... daft punk , skrillex , benny benassi , older metal , most dubstep , hip hop , most music ... every genre has shit i don't like though entp / intp / istp ... you pick damn near every movie that's been mentioned i've watched countess times , great choices ! the aviator alien aliens the departed pulp fiction django unchained , inglorious basterds ( any ... unhealthy e / intp 5w6 , 3w4 , 1w2 i'd like an outsiders perspective on my ' type ' . i have consistently typed intp / intj / istp and only entj in terms of any extroverted type . intp is the most consistent followed by intj , i usually test ... this is / was a useful thread . i'm finding more and more that others are ' confused ' or unsure as to what personality type they are , specifically intj / intp . i've been testing myself consistently from ... i ( x ) tj with an enfp ... quite the difference , but she helps me improve certain qualities i see in myself that i wish to fix . hard to stay interested in everything she has to say , however i almost ... 65864 great movie , great actor . yeah that seems to be what i must do , go out and experiment / experience and make a decision . i wanted to be a psychiatrist of sorts , or someone who watches people , does research etc , if that ... i hate wasting the day so i dont often sleep in , and when i do i have a set time id like to wake up . i like doing something with my day ... as for the car crash question , usually i just look but i'd ... alright , i'm having trouble seriously figuring out my type . i've done many tests , and collected all the data to compare the differences , such as percentage changes between functions etc . i've done 3 ... i've had similar problems being an infj . ive been extensively looking into the functions and making a model to track how and when each function presents itself , and what triggers them etc . its not ... i met my current girlfriend in college . she's an intp and she's awesome . creatively inclined and we often compliment one another in ways that allow us to keep our free-flowing individuality . so , ive ... recently watched groundhog day , star wars : episode 1 and dogma . i always enjoy rewatching past favorites . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJ4368jkF9o always makes me smile . the drop , the crowds reaction ... just awesome can i bring my intp girl :P my step mom is an infp , that relationship is 50/50 haha . my dad is an istp , pretty quiet and stubborn but pretty smart and considerate . my real mom im unsure of . ixfj ? i lean towards infj . shes ... leftbanke i just have to say , i really enjoyed that . i read it aloud and tried to make it sound fluent . beautiful ending i did routine blood pressure checks , heart rate checks , used calipers to pinch the sides of people etc ... its , interesting but my movements in doing so are awkward , even my superiors noticed ... this isnt really a poem , more a passage from something ive been writing for a while now . feb . 7th , 2013 in her presence i feel a slight bit of paranoia . i can't tell what it is , i'm just not at ... an intp girl i've been spending time with said it was pleasant to just , exist , around you and i replied with ' is it ? i find im hard to get on with ' and she said ' i really like it ! ' . so for me , i ... ive read and mulled over the subtle differences between these two types so many times , my mind feels like its ready to blow haha . my step mom is an infp and shes quite judgmental , everything is ... i love cate blanchet , in ' the aviator ' ... so good ! i want to save those who need to be saved :( hanging around and being intensely interested in the well being of an intp recently has brought me frustration and confusion , because i try so hard to help her see what she doesnt understand and in ... 61504 i remember just sitting down and watching , didnt really want to play after a while confused / sad speaking in code ... we're guilty as charged on that one . but , it seems like his intentions are clouded or he doesnt quite know what to make of you just yet . again , being an infj you see the inside of ... heartache / perseverance this is such an exciting idea . it seems alot of us are thinking australia , which is a great choice for weather , animals , and an amazing chance for those of us who havent visited the land down under ... friday , october the 13th ;) sun sign : libra moon sign : aries rising sign : sagittarius chinese zodiac : snake the snake resonates through and through as does the libra sun . with the aries ... its fair of you to say that it would be too forward but ... you want to know , curiosity can kill , or so ive heard . if youre a little more reserved than that , i think you know what you must do , nobody ... i find that your infj male is amusing and alot like me in that way ... its not easy to understand the subtle differences sometimes . it seems , like he is interested but guarded , as he is an infj ... i may have been rash in my decision but , i decided that given the feelings i had and what i saw to come ... neither would be wise to pursue at this time . so much to the point that , and while i know how ... the key to my survival i'm tranquil , thankful of the vortex of my frontal cortex . i see without see and darkness is as clear as day . i pray to be a stronger man and understand my purpose in life , ... the invisibilty aggresive my way or the highway kind of attitude resonates for sure , my dad has had to adept to them , though i'm unsure of his type ... my guess would istj , hes not much of a feeler ... haha wow , ive heard drama before too ! i see what you meant there by the similar structure just with a different experience . the last paragraph hit the nail on the head ... she just doesnt take into ... my step mom is an infp . shes a nice woman and her heart is pure and in the right place ... but shes very judgmental , and i believe imposes her will and beliefs onto me so much to the point that i adopt ... here comes the gush ... my specific issue is one that has me torn ... torn between my interest in an intp girl and an infj girl . one is very scatterbrained and has deeply repressed emotional issues and ... ive always been attached to this quote and always keep it in mind when i have differences with other people , especially the last link , like a reminder . our most basic common links are that we all ... two chuckles here , a joke i saw posted by another infj , and a picture to describe a girl i know :P an entj , entp and infj walk into a bar ... well the entj didn't actually walk into the ... 60834 followed by this one hahaha 60835 the last week or so theres been alot of songs , but there is a general pattern in the mood of all 3 songs . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qSb311JdzM ... random thought : forming opinions based on extremes . happiness and sadness are on the opposite side of the spectrum / pendelum . yet many swing from one extreme to the other , a sign of primitiveness . to ... im the oldest of 4 , i have 3 sisters , two live with my mom and the other with my dad and step mom . 10 years older than the first , 14 years older than the second and 17 years older than the ... sterbliche spule life seems to be treated as a series of negative connotations . we are susceptible to death by the dextereous forms of the life-span . the emotions dont cease or end , they just ... casual dating is exhausting , online dating is annoying . meeting people is constant , but rarely does anything manifest after the initial meeting . expectations sometimes are bent , just to try something ... where are people headed ... stagnation seems to have a grip on people . resources are and will be used up eventually by the masses , and with everyone trying to find themselves these days , some things ... i find it allows others to drop their guard to an extent . even so much that they dont even realize that theyre not necessarily only being heard by the spoken word , but the underlying and core ... creativity is a releasefor you , creativity is first and foremost a form of expression : it creates a special link between the internal and external worlds . it allows you to get a grasp of your ... '