' total score : 70 language : 9 social relatedness : 38 sensory / motor : 19 circumscribed interests : 4.0 my estj dad told me the other day that i need to control my obnoxious personality . like excuse me wtf ? how is that an acceptable thing to say to someone ? besides he is much louder than me :d ry : wow ... i relate a lot . maybe you are slightly depressed ? i felt more like that when i was depressed , but i don't like people that much period . i like the idea of humanity , but not so much the actuality infp - super duper unhealthy ? 1 . i haven't displayed creativity since early childhood 2 . i am not optimistic 3 . people annoy me 4 . i don't like being alone that much definitely more book smart . my street smarts are pretty laughable , although i'd like to think i have potential : tongue : . both are equally important , but depending on the type of family / community you ... yes i would not feed my hypothetical children for behaving badly , but maybe that's just me : tongue : ohh bollocks , way to categorize people :d ry : not to derail the thread , but that is a really interesting idea ! i actually think it is more likely to be the other way around . we may develop a preoccupation over unsatisfied needs . either that or ... interesting . i know some people for whom this theory seems to fit almost perfectly , but for many it doesn't . according to the theory i'd be more like a 7 with a 4 in my tritype . my mom was extremely ... looking back at my life , i definitely think my personality has changed a lot in response to whatever i am going through at the moment / difficult situations that have been forever etched in my memory ... i definitely hold grudges and have a tendency to ruminate on whatever the person said / did to offend me . if i feel someone has seriously wronged me i will never forget , but the strong feelings of ... i got my parents to take the test awhile back . my mom got esfj and my dad got estj . infp female 25.833 out of 100 masculine points , 64.167 out of 100 feminine points 50 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . me : infp 4w5 mom : esfj 2w1 dad : estj brother : istx sister : ixfj 1w2 child : creative , curious , day dreamer , precocious ( or so i'm told ) , quick learner , perfectionistic , hyper / anxious , sensitive , i always felt different and not in a good way teenager : depressed , ... support my family , travel , help various people / causes no i have never had this exact feeling - or if i have it has been fleeting . i think these are the kind of relationships i idealize and long for , yet what if the other person doesn't feel the same ... i'm a lefty . i think its interesting how many people notice that i'm left-handed . the only thing i don't like about it is how easily paper / pen smudges when i write because i have to drag my hand ... i'm an infp and got infp 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? infp . i have taken different versions of the test many times . i'm 99.9 % certain . 2 ) where you considered to be an easy ... anyone who knows me well would say i'm incredibly self-absorbed . my cousin is the only person who has verbally told me though and she's an infp as well . score : 21 my brother has aspergers and is most likely ixtj . i don't have many traits , but social situations have always been more difficult for me . i don't have a lot of experience with isfps , but i have a friend that may be one . we definitely have differences , although they are difficult to explain on an abstract level . i'll give an example : ... i don't exactly believe in personality typing to begin with . it kind of seems to put people in a box . i don't know what it is to feel like myself because i haven't felt like myself for so long . i ... i'm an infp and my handwriting is neat . i tend to press really hard when i'm writing . i don't think handwriting has anything to do with type . i used to try to emulate other people's handwriting ... i have sooo much shit to take care of . its finals week ! okay i'm leaving now . in no particular order : dexter house breaking bad prison break the office i never read my old posts and never would lol . i can't even keep a personal diary without ripping the pages out and burning them . i don't even care that there is only a slight possibility that ... i drink and sometimes abuse my prescription drugs . if i were to psychoanalyze myself i'd say that i do both to fill the hole in my soul escape . i love turquoise . i also like purple . i hate red unless its really , really dark . i do the same thing . reading entire threads is usually dull sometimes it drains me , sometimes it energizes me , sometimes it depends on how much caffeine i've ingested . i'm definitely not naturally assertive . it is a skill i've worked on and i'm more assertive than i used to be , but i have a long ways to go ! i am usually either completely passive , passive ... i don't this this relationship would work well at all , particularly if the infp was female and the entj was male . infps are quite submissive by nature and entjs are have a very take the bull by the ... it depends . most of the time i'm just shy , but there are times when social interactions seem trivial and boring . i have an enormous desire to relate to people in my peer group , but most of the time i ... i'm prescribed 3 meds ( 2 of which i sometimes abuse ) . i've stolen vicodin and it was like heaven , so i'm assuming i like opiates . i got melancholy . 36 sanguine , 50 melancholy , 36 choleric , 14 phlegmatic hail to you who is melancholly . the depth to see into the heart and soul of life . the artistic nature to appreciate ... the nurture vs nature discussion is popular in psychology , yet as far as i know no one has any definitive answers . my personality is very different from both of my parents , but more similar to my ... i used to be anorexic and still have those tendencies . i take laxatives when i feel bad about myself ( disgusting i know ) . i'm not sure , but i think avpd is a more severe form of social anxiety which i've been diagnosed with ( i'm a 4 . ) it is extremely difficult for me to forget rejection of any sort , so i have a hard ... i hate the divide and conquer part even though its sooo true ! on the rare occasion that i get around to starting shit , i have to finish it because there's some crazy looming deadline . i've started a ... i have none . there is not compelling enough evidence for anything imo . its not that i'm not open to the idea , though . i just hate stupid unnecessary rules . i don't think anyone has a reason to be pissed off . you're just expressing your views and feelings . i'm agnostic and my family is christian , so i sort of get where you're coming from . i live in ca ... it kind of does , yeah . why would an anus be open ? lol i never remember my dreams , but that's probably a good thing . i've thought of this a lot before . i think i'd be an entp because i'd like to be more outgoing and less emotional . i think being an entp female would totally rock . there probably aren't a lot around . i don't know . that's a very difficult question ! i guess i would choose pain though because the world isn't all rainbows and unicorns . seeing too much pain is too much though . if i can't take it away ... i've been drinking a lot lately . alone . well obviously i don't know how severe the bulimia is , but if she just told you i'm guessing its not that intense . how does her depression manifest itself ? some people are always on the go even ... '