' i thought an update might be interesting . a year after i first posted , my intj and i are still together and are deeply in love . he is the love of my life , and the feeling appears to be mutual . he has ... i wouldn't do all of that analysis about her and her motives . if i realized i knew her , i'd accept her friend request . i have a couple of thousand fb friends . accepting requests isn't something i ... i do the same . there is something fascinating about every human being . every human being has at least one compelling story that they can tell about themselves if one takes the time to ask them about ... i do not like being around constant whiners , people addicted to drama or people who try to use me as an emotional dumping ground by talking to me only about their problems . best way to connect with me - - through shared interests . best way to maintain a connection - - shared interests including by tagging me of fb when you post things related to my interests . do not call ... your posting here in the way that you did in order to get support doesn't sound like how enfps operate . we are the ones who inspire others . we are charismatic and attract suppporters who believe in ... it's an enfp world . we are the ones who have fun and success and can also benefit from being attractive to the people who are responsible , have lucrative careers and love us . intj's respond honestly to direct questions . it's fine - - and will save a lot of time and anxiety - if you tell him what you want from the relationship and ask what he wants . i wonder what type of woman would find that a turnon . i am attracted to sexually dominant , confident men . i would be turned off by humiliation of either of us . i like to say things like , i'm yours ... men who are afraid to be dominant for fear of frightening women may benefit by understanding that for many women like me , the joy of being with a sexually dominant man is that i feel very desired ... have you tried really kissing him ? i don't mean giving a platonic closed mouth kiss : i mean deep kissing him . the unmistakable chemistry that exploded when i opened my mouth and really kissed my now ... make shower together and make him wash you , with soap and stuff . ask him to give you a full massage , with perfumed oils - edible oils exist , prepare candles , soft music and such . she would ... btdt with a couple of former boyfriends who were submissive . they just got pissed and then rolled over and went to sleep , leaving me very frustrated there really are some men who are very submissive ... google for advice . here's what i found by googling make him dominate in bed . my how-to guide for men on how to dominate a woman in bed ;) : sex she wants him to be dominant . you described him being submissive . i don't think that being submissive is an intj trait as my intj is dominant in bed . he's laid back otherwise . i do think , however , that one can't change a submissive into a dominant or vice versa . i love my intj's sensual , focused , highly skilled loving that's the best i've ever had . and i love the fact that he's honest , responsible , analytical , intelligent , funny and calm . i like it that my intj is like a smoldering fire that erupts into flames with me . if his intense sexuality were more obvious , i'd have to fight off women to stay next to him . my intj doesn't seem to get annoyed by my talking because i tend to be quieter than usual when i am one on one with him . i've noticed he really listens to me so i talk with him only when i really ... blech . well , the upside of that is that your husband didn't tell you that he fathered a child outside of your marriage , which is what my husband told me . i'm an enfp who was faithful during a marriage of more than 20 years to an in ( i don't know his full type , but i am sure he is an in ) who during our last years of marriage was so disinterested in sex ... therapy combined with medication is the best treatment for severe depression . btdt . severe depression , like diabetes , is a medical problem , not something you can talk yourself out of . can you do your online work while sitting in coffee shops ? i hated working out of home . enfps need the energy of being surrounded by people . you are an enfp : use your gifts . throw parties , take interesting classes and workshops ; create events like meet up groups , volunteer . enfps create fun . we don't wait for it to come to us . acting , dance or other fun classes . volunteering backstage in theater ( lots of the backstage and tech folks will be infps , potentially good friends . at least some enfps will be among the actors . i'm in my ' 60s , typically get cast in roles for characters in their 40s . while i have close friends who are as old as 76 , most of my close friends are 15-35 years younger . my boyfriend is just a year ... someone earlier posted that intjs are asexual . my experience with mine is that isn't the case . in public , he seems calm and asexual . he is extremely sexual , passionate and sensual , but puts forth ... he is so cool , analytical and calm , but in bed he is very hot , demonstrative , creative and skilled ( because when intjs want to learn something , they learn it with their whole hearts ! ) he doesn't ... hang out with enfps . some of my best friends are infps . i treasure their insights , wisdom and listening skills . they seem to treasure my involvement with activities that they normally would avoid , ... i don't try to change self-absorbed people . trying to change others is a waste of time . i avoid self-absorbed people . my intj boyfriend isn't sexist at all . the enfps i know are all 40 and over , and we are very self confident . what do they usually do to get infinite mental simulation ? classes , conferences , workshops , lectures in subjects that interest them . they'll be the ones sitting in the front row , asking lots of ... i thought partying is about drinking alcohol and get fun as there is strong relationship betwen partying and drinking alcohol . why no alcohol ? reason ? partying really is about being social - - ... i do like to party , and often do so . however i also like quiet time alone and with my intj . my intj is fine with me partying without him , and i'm fine with his not being interested in partying a ... i met my intj in a community theater troupe . he had never been involved in theater before , but got involved in this one because it does original politically-related productions , and he's very into ... i agree that when intjs let you into their hearts , they are very playful . they only show that side of themselves to people whom they trust . honesty , ethics , compassion , kindness , liberal / progressive politics , independent , monogamous , fun , and he must have friends and most do more with his life than go to work and watch tv or play video ... while i don't fit # 2 in the bonus , i fit the rest of the bill , including being intelligent . yes , people with those characteristics do exist ! i am not offering myself to you : i am female and am in a ... sometimes i do keep talking when people want the conversation to end . a lot of times , however , people keep talking when i want the conversation to end . it's hard for me to extricate myself from ... you sound a lot like my intj . i have no idea why she is not responding to your romantic overtures unless she is simply not interested in having a romantic relationship . i wanted to keep my ... i enjoy being naked with my injp . :) i do not analyze why i am attracted to him . i wonder what he's like in bed . :) my intj's love language is personal time . if that's your intj's love language , i suggest doing something with him that he enjoys . the cost of the gift wouldn't be important . the enjoyable time with ... i am an enfp woman who was in a platonic then a friends with benefits and now am in a romantic relationship with an intj . my question to you , db cooper is how is the sex for her ? i am a mature woman ... i like being naked with my injp . :) i forgive if someone does something horrible to me , but i don't continue the relationship at an intimate level . i forgave my soon to be ex husband for cheating on me and having a baby with another ... infp are my favorite because they are kind , good listeners , compassionate , and wise . several of my best friends are infps . they also enjoy hanging out with me and they respond to my efforts to get ... upper ear lobe piercings are ordinary . nothing to stress about getting . i thought the guide was silly and wrong . i think that introverts should just be themselves with the caveat that when they need time to think , they should let the extrovert know so the extrovert ... '