' a whore on crystal meth or ecstasy has probably literally drowned in cum . far above our heads are the icy heights that contain all reason . what the fuck are you talking about ? the word offensive is not in an intp's vocabulary . who's your daddy ? i don't forgive because i don't even get mad . i just build contempt to the point where i start to see you as just something that needs to die . it's just lazy and cliche . does this really impress you ? horrible . it doesn't even make sense . first i park my car , then i fuck your bitch . exactly half ? there's no way to possibly know that . the entire time i'm falling asleep , i'm fixated on the pov porno i'm writing and living out in my mind . jesus fucking christ you are such a pussy . i would've already removed the mask by the time the tape is played and you have no proof it was me . would you hit me ? what if i never showed my face to the camera and instead of hijacking the projector , i , while wearing a mask , approach and bribe an attendant with 1 million dollars to play the video . despite having ... new scenario : your mom is dead . you're at her funeral . i hijack the projector and play a video of me raping her corpse then pissing on her face . would you hit me ? if i punched you in the face , what would you do ? even if i didn't , if we were in the same room together right now , i guarantee i could make you hit me . there's nothing worse than pc regressive ... oh , please . violence in some cases is perfectly justified as long as you're not the instigator . assholes who go around picking fights will never change until they get their ass beaten to the ground . trailer trash who pump out 10 babies should have their vaginas sewn shut . it's not the prime justification , but it's the cherry on top . these broads are giving me no respect . at least run away so i know that you know that you fucked up . fighting violence with violence is ... except that sentence is preceded by the condition that they hit you first or do something else insane like break your computer or say some horrific shit like they're happy your mum's dead . if a woman does some shit that would justify a man getting hit , and if they don't even have the common decency to step back or take a defensive stance after doing so , you should be able to blast them ... there's no difference between what you're saying and someone who has fallen in love legitimately thinking that no one has loved as deeply as he has or that he has found the only person in the world ... do you have any idea how stupid you sound ? nobody reads magazines anymore , grandpa . i would like to cum so hard that my dick explodes and i bleed out in bliss . in my bed when i'm 80 with a belly full of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock . their tits . why does using social networks award points ? all social networks are filled with swag-fags and exhibitionist , attention-seeking idiots . scored a 70 . i have over 2000 tabs saved in onetab and over 3000 bookmarks . that's an easy choice since i only ever take cold showers anyway . 11 . they're dumb . i'm 21 and still haven't started , nor am i ever likely to . no and yes . people who have used atms thousands of times in their life yet still stare at the screen like morons for 10 seconds at each option before pressing a button , holding up the people behind them . i can ... i broke my brother's phone when he was on it talking really loudly for close to an hour past midnight while i was trying to sleep , despite the fact that i had yelled at him to stfu at least 20 times ... laugh emojis , gold stickers and animal gifs . it's a style over substance trifecta . i win . i win . i win . i win . i win . and i still can't believe your taking me 100 % seriously and caught ... you basically told me to get a life . you caught feels . so ... i win . i can only read the comment , not your mind . next time you mean to say something , put it in your post . don't write something completely different and rely on the fact that others will have to parse it ... i feel really bad that your so stupid enough to think i was being serious the first time and that it took you 13 hours to parse a simple word in an elementary sentence learn to read both text and ... shut your'e ass i won the spelling bee over here at harvard so i think i know how to spell why do intps like their rooms ? extrapolate to cats . boom . next question . wow your dumb 10/10 . not bragging , but this was far too easy . i finished in 2 minutes . you're all so fucking incredibly lame . dear intps , yes , i would like fries with that . dear esfj mother , stop forcing me to vacuum the entire house under threat of pain every time you see a single strand of hair on the floor . sincerely , your future killer . it's scary how spot-on this is . no . i smoke crack . to think , for instance , that the cia doesn't do top secret , illegal and immoral shit , especially given all we now know from leaked documents and what can be logically deduced from their set-up and ... do you make an exception for scientology ? i don't see how any of this pertains to my post . i never said that transexuality and transgenderism isn't a thing . transexuals themselves understand that sex is binary , as they want to be identified ... '