' one of my best friends is an intj . he approached me in college . i adore his brain juices . perhaps you should consult a doctor ? malaysia ... o . o why ? is it relevant ? if you look pretty , you look pretty no matter what hairstyle you have and what shitty clothes you wear ( most of the times ) . if you look ugly , you're gonna look ugly no matter what hairstyle you have ... you can ask your friends if they want to give a gift to the professor as well , if they want to you can share the price of the gift with them . then you can give it as a gift from a group of students ... ooopsss ... sorry i didn't get it i have a sensor friend , he's deeper than me . * true story * the road not taken by robert frost - most misinterpeted poem in america - yahoo ! voices - voices.yahoo.com not to offend but just to let you know . i read somewhere that this poem is widely ... barry : vincent van gogh . everyone said to him , you can't be a great painter , you only have one ear . and you know what he said ? i can't hear you . - dinner for schmucks you laugh at me ... i set long term goals . i use my short term goals to help achieve my long term goals . if i were to just focus on a long term goal , i'll probably be very very bored . so i have short term goals and ... thanks ... that's very helpful ... hi all .. since i'm quite new here .. am i ? here's a picture of me looking bored and a bit tired 61590 i sing ! and i play the piano and guitar too .. haha ... if you really like movies that makes you cry a lot , i have a recommendation . it's not a movie but a japanese series : 1 litre of tears / ichi rittoru no namida .   ... i have an close enfj friend . he gets mad at me for no reasons and we fight quite often but the frequency reduces as we learn . i guess we entjs have to be very careful to not to hurt enfjs ... i find it hard to cry at titanic .. haha .. i don't know why .. it amuses me when both my sister and aunty cried watching titanic . drugs + other kinds of assistance what about an optimistic entj who can see past people's flaws and see the potential that most people can't see ? isn't this weird ? i'll still good at analytical things though . yup ... when i'm depressed i try to do that too . being productive gives me satisfaction . but clinical depression is due to chemical imbalance in the brain . therefore , it requires medical assistance . ... ahhh ... i see now . thanks a lot .. sorry for troubling though . i really couldn't understand . now i understand what ? no ... he sent a text message one night some time before the fight and told me that i'm a very good friend of his and how he appreciates me being his friend . i was surprised and confused at ... i see ... that's interesting . nope , it's not a rhetorical question ... ok . i understand it's strange but transformers 2 made me cry , when bumblebee sacrificed itself ... lol ... is ' lemony snicket's a series of unfortunate events ' dark enough ? grimm , if you like fantasy and mystery . that's for you to find out and for me to know . because someone who was very dear to me liked to use it when he still liked me don't ask me , i don't understand too .. i only look for the translated lyrics http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7_lSP8Vc3o entj .. i like korean pop ... some of american pop , pop-rock , band , club hits , electronic , dance songs , a little techno is fine , ballads are nice too .. but usually upbeat , powerful / sophisticated songs when i was still in high school , i had clinical depression . i couldn't handle taking exams , couldn't sleep , couldn't go to school for some time couldn't do anything in my daily life . i feel obliged ... there was a guy who liked me terribly a lot during my high school days . he was also one year younger than me . one day while he was singing on the mic with the band , i thought it sounded terrible . ... it's ok . thanks for answering my question . but if i do not like him , do i still ask him whether there are feelings involved ? hi all * waves hand and smiles * i have a question about a friend , but i think it's still under relationships right ? so i have this istj friend . i value him a lot because he's always there to help , ... i really don't want to ask so many questions here .. however , i've read your post several times and i couldn't understand this sentence . do you mind to explain it for me ? i'm pretty confused here @ . @ ... when you spend hours cracking your brain trying to figure out a maths question and feels excited by torturing yourself like this . * true story * if this is correct , all of them are either sf or nf no wonder they are much more united compared to other groups =) glad that you enjoyed sharing . i'm doing much better compared to when i was in my lowest moments but sometimes i still feel the effects of all these experiences and they're terribly painful , but ... i might be wrong about entp's ... but ... entj's at war ? that's weird ... i see .. haha .. i gave him a good scolding when i finally could not take it ... now he seems fine , but i don't know if he'll do this again hmmm ... thanks for the insight , but i don't that he likes / liked me . doesn't seem like it ... now i'm confused @ . @ but thanks though , i'll keep this in mind . not to offend anyone , but ... is it common ... sometimes , i wish i'm a guy ... it seems to be loads of fun and excitement ! i can get drunk too . has anyone ever wondered why did our ancient ancestors decided that children should have the surname of ... current : engineering student future : ceo ideal : singer / perfomer lol wedding . i dreamt of a wedding .. oh ... and wedding night ... but it's blur ... haha ... but i rmb kiss in the next day ... shit .. what's wrong with me ? i look younger , but i behave more maturely than my peers . it's goood ! i guess ... oh , one of the benefits of a girl looking younger is that you get lots of affection and protection . haha ... people ... stuff poop in your mouth ! muahahaha ! find your strengths , recognize your strengths , use them , develop them . look for your weaknesses , try to strengthen yourself . this one sounds lame and old , but recognize that you are one in ... wow ... i have to say that i'm baffled to read this post . thanks for sharing with me . i feel very much encouraged . i never had the chance to meet many entjs in real life and an entj with a problem ... hey , you guys , i'm reading you know ? can't you give me a bit of respect ? no , , i'm not trolling . for christians , god cares about you even if it's a small thing . i don't think you ... it tickles when people say that they are scared of us . haha ... but no , i am conscious of how i feel . but i do think my feelings often get into the way of me dealing with things and makes me ... you seem to have had terrible experiences with entj . '