' i'm so worn out with grad school and work . every day i think about giving up . so hard to get out of bed every morning . i hate being such a downer , usually , but it's all my days have consisted of ... of course i know he's his own person , and i certainly don't want to go changing him or forcing him to do anything . i guess i just don't like the constant criticism and negativity . not everything has ... i've been a little down lately after my slow realization that my entp ( sometimes tested as j ) boyfriend just doesn't share the same passion that i have for people . i'd hate to compare , but my past ... yeah , my dad tends to be very adventurous . he's always finding new things to do or new things to buy when he gets bored ( which is very easily ) . to be honest , the fighting and the throwing sounds like ... interesting . i don't know as much about typing as others do , but i will say my dad is an istp ( and my mom is an esfj , weird ) , and unlike me , he'll typically have a more objective stance rather than ... something about how putting emotion on the backburner is kind of hard to do . :P sage francis is amazing ! and artists under the label he was once under are pretty amazing too . buck 65 is really good . why ? is a good band . also sole and dosh . i've recently been getting into a lot of ... i had a surprisingly good day today where i actually felt like my unhindered self . turns out , growing a pair and being selfish sometimes is a good thing . oh god , this is getting hilarious . hitting so close to home . : tongue : i just went up to my dad , said hey , there's this personality theory , take this test . now he's totally into it , and it's helped him to understand his istp self . i just guessed my mom might be an ... i'd have to say dostoevsky and charles dickens , because i love their styles of writing . also my grandmother for publishing two books and reading nearly a book a day . hello , aphorist ! watch instantly on netflix is the best thing that's ever happened to me , ha . and i envy your mathematical ability . welcome aboard ! i'm new too . :) i really , really appreciate the concern , matchbook . it's great to hear from someone with the same experience . those three times have honestly affected my mind in a very bittersweet way , and i've ... hello , bogie ! i like the sound of your name . : tongue : welcome to the boards ! i've always wondered if it had some relation . hahaha ! that's really creepy sounding . ( and you should totally do it anyway ! what's going to happen in an empty lot ? :P ) edit : and i don't ... i passed the writing test as well and my permit's expired once already . you hit it dead on the spot : i'm so afraid i'm going to be unfocused and hit someone . i've actually already backed into a car ... i can have about two days of alone time before i go stir crazy and yearn for social interaction . i really do value alone time and privacy though . i enjoy it tremendously . but i've had three severe panic attacks about a year back so i tone it down a lot . i take small hits now and i'm gradually doing it more . i think my brain would say that weed ... so , i feel really lame and moochy right now . i'm twenty and one of the only people i know my age who doesn't * legally * drive yet . i know how to drive very well , and have driven many times , but i'm ... i don't know what i would like to do in my future . i feel kind of lost in that aspect , but i do know that i want to run a non-profit organization of some sort on the side . but even then , i still ... thanks for the welcomes jojo and jasonm ! elliott smith is genius to me . sadly he was very depressing and many are turned off by that . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcnHjjLdNXQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lnHybH_I6Q ... i've never typed as anything different , but f has typically been my weakest preference . i've found over the years , that my inferior te is more developed , so the closest i've been to testing as ... i've found that my life revolves around love too . i've been very lucky enough to have ( fairly ) healthy relationships so my hopeless romantic side can take a nap while i focus on other things . when ... refugee says it best . do not repress them . find some way healthy of relief . writing , painting , and basic meditation help me . i get overwhelmed with strong emotions , but you have to learn to live with ... guess i'll just have to act on an impulse , get up and do it one day ! : tongue : it is very fascinating . even though it's not necessarily a positive thing , it's nice to know that i'm not the only one who does this . ohh , interesting . what exactly is emdr ? i've heard of it in a ... when i get discouraged , i stay away from whatever it is for just a little bit . i try to look for humor in it , and remember why i'm doing what i do . it's usually all your perception of the situation ... really ? man , i need to build up some more confidence for that . maybe it's just the singing part . the last time i sung on stage , there was very apparent anxiety in my voice ! how did you do it ? ... you're so organized and self-disciplined ! : laughing : wow , you really love doing karaoke in front of all those people . ha ! going to have to agree with this . to op : that looks so comfortable . when i'm at my house , or when i'm just hanging around with no real plans , i'll dress to be comfortable . but sometimes when i'm out in public , i get bored of the ... yes , sometimes i place myself right back in very traumatic or strong , meaningful memories , and i will feel as if it were happening in the present . i like to do it , though . it's kind of ... cathartic ... lost ( i'm obsessed ) gurren lagann the office arrested development avatar others : the daily show dexter 24 good thing that cafebot was there to help . i'm new too . am i still allowed to welcome you ? : tongue : i'm twenty , but people think i look younger ( genetics all the way ) and act older . :) are you a student in college ? i've got a part time job as a student employee on campus . maybe your campus has job postings for student employees ? the ones on my campus are ( mostly ) typical office ... i love cats , but i'm slowly becoming more of a dog person because they're so outwardly loving . my kitten is seemingly soulless and ungrateful sometimes . but , of course , i'm only joking ! she is ... i think they were both funny . it's easier just to remember that these are commercials , and that it's not an idea we're really running with in society . now if they were being serious , that's a ... i'm dating an entp , and he thinks i'm too kind to others . on the other hand , at times i think he's too harsh . i've taught him to be more compassionate for others , which he's grateful for . in return , ... thanks , everyone . :) that's awesome ! not really , i'm insanely indecisive . i'm not into clinical psych , but i may do something along the lines of starting a community program . something more along the lines of social ... i found this place while looking for another personality forum i used to visit . i haven't really been on a message board in a few years so forgive me for any future forum-fouls ! : unsure : i'm ... '