' i think i'd enjoy being a bladesmith . 237 games in my steam library ... of which i really only play 5 or 6 at the moment . steam community :: scragman some wisdom from the rules of gunfighting your number one option for personal security is a lifelong commitment to avoidance , deterrence , and de-escalation . decide to be aggressive enough , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2hRTLdvdnk ok yes , all the time . i work with a lot of people that act like like something is wrong with me if i'm not as excited / angry / happy / sad as they are with the ' thing of the day ' . it gets tiring but it ... i try to get 6 or 7 hours a night . when i get less , i tend to get short tempered . too much more and i spend the day in some sort of haze . 33 , be 34 next month . a little bit of both , actually . topic doesn't matter as much as the people in talking with . i'd rather talk with a close friend about having to take a shit than talk to a douche canoe about my favorite hobby . pepper jack cheese ... happiness to me is accomplishing something that is on my list , be it something very simple or very hard . am i happy at the moment ? no . there's enough bs floating around in my life right now to ... meh . tell him , and use no uncertain terms , that you're done with his shit . if he does it again after that , i recommend a brisk leg movement directly into his gonads . i really like mexican food , or stuff that is spicy in general ( no ' omg my face is melting ' but flavorful with some heat ) . i also like simple stuff ( meat and potatoes ) . i don't like things that ... when it's cold out i'll deal with it , but for the most part i'm not a huge fan of having a face full of hair and someone drooling on my shoulder . the only rug cutting that i can do is taking a razor knife to a carpet . i work in user support so small talk or chit chat are required tools to be used . distracting a user by asking them about their weekend or kids or whatever ( when i really don't give a single fuck ... i knew a guy that knew a guy . go fishing . specialty : computer repair other stuff : cooking , stained glass , fishing , target shooting the tools , time , space and freedom to do what i need to do . if it's unintentional then i can blow it off , or if something was supposed to be a joke . that said , if someone goes out of their way to do something to hurt me , we're done . i will continue to be ... i picked something that i was good at , so now i'm a computer tech who wears many hats ( helpdesk , tier 1/2 / 3 tech support , server support , ad ds , group policy , etc ) . nope . it's the username i was given on a linux box we had in the student it worker area when i was in college . there are currently two rabbits in our household . while they are pretty cute i do not enjoy them as much as i did cats or dogs . one of them absolutely refuses to be touched while the other one ... not sure if i'd be more frustrated that i got coffee on me or that i didn't see the guy / gal before they got me . i'd probably just say that i was fine and then go look for some napkins and a new ... crowds and being permanently incapacitated in some manner that prevents me from partaking in my hobbies . mellow time means video games , target shooting , fishing , watching tv , napping , tinkering , or just loafing about . not really , it's all about perspective . someone's ' greater good ' decision might be someone else's evil . all depends on which side you're seeing it from . i do things my way . that's usually enough to irritate someone . if you don't like the things they do then don't hang out with them . they aren't worth the energy spent and you'll just end up feeling exhausted from having to fake it . oh , i'm having a grand ol ' ... i've been at my current job for 8.5 years , doing helpdesk / user support ( tiers 1 , 2 , and 3 ) / networking / server management / active directory support / audio visual support . some days i want to quit , but ... i'm a gorilla , secondary options were mole or mountain goat . you're fucked up , but you're the good kind of fucked up . no . if someone is breaking the rules , you call the cops . if they're just being annoying , you can go deal with it yourself ( in a civilized manner ) or live with it . i'm lazy . or at least , i don't like doing things that feel like a chore . mowing the lawn ? feh . fixing the chainsaw ? oh yeah ! i do stained glass . 17203417204 2172050172 05817206 6 these are some of the pieces that i've made . the last one is the design for my next panel . i thiink it's 24 inches wide by 20 high . should ... my ' office ' ( cubicle ) looks like a bomb went off in it . cables , misc computer bits , note cards , folders , papers , spare laptops , all kind of shit just everywhere on every flat surface . but . if ... i originally went to college for computer science , but i didn't particularly like it so i changed majors ( waaay more math than i thought and i was unprepared for that ) . since then i dabble in ... another vote for ender's game . it's more than just scifi . woke up at 5:30 , sss , put a new air filter in the jeep , noticed that the bracket holding the filter box in place was broken and added that to the looong list of things that need to be fixed . day ... if i didn't mention something to my significant other , it's because : a : it was something simple / stupid and not worth mentioning ( in my mind anyway ) . b : it was something that really bothered me ... as rice stated , i can either make a decision right that second or the the absolute last second . there isn't much of a happy medium . i do a lot of stained glass stuff . it satisfies my need to do something artistic and it's kind of an engineering project as well . the last project that i completed ( 70 pieces , 20 x 24 inches ) ... i like both fantasy and science fiction , though i don't read much anymore ( too many other thing to do ) . sent from my sch-r 970 using tapatalk i never got into lol . i play action rpgs ( fallout 3 , skyrim ) , shooters , and eve online . i'm pretty good at the shooters and rpgs , but i suck at eve . it only bothers me when it comes from a source that i respect ( a close friend , a colleague , family members ) and it's purely negative , otherwise i can pretty much blow it off . as a kid i played rugby , baseball , and ( american ) football . now that i'm older , fatter , and i'm missing an acl , i get my ' rush ' by going target shooting and fishing . if i had the money , i'd buy ... a hot towel fresh out of the drier i love the feel of my beretta 92fs in my hands ( hard to really explain , it just feels good to me ) a light breeze while out on the lake freshly cut grass on my ... '