i need 6 hours to function normally . i average about 7 hours a night on a normal schedule . i can not sleep more than 9 hours , my brain can't help but wake me up and start churning . i think people are inherently selfish . if being good makes them feel better or gets them further ahead in their social situations then they will be good . the same applies for people being evil and ... i know what your saying because i always feel alone even when i'm with people , and i can always tell when i feel alone . i have no problem with this because i don't think there is anybody who can ... 1 . no i have never cheated on someone . no i wouldn't cheat on someone , but if i were to find someone that i was more attracted to and thought that they were attracted to me i would get out of the ... wow ... that was a mouthful . i read through your entire post and frankly was quite intrigued . it seems to me that you are either an intp or intj . the only reason that i think you could be an ... based on what you have said i tend to think that you are an estj . i think you have many traits that are common among estj's , like being domineering , and having a commanding presence . i think you are most closely related to an infp . mostly because it seems that you like to try to keep an open mind about everything unless it interferes with your ideals , and it seems that you ... based off of your answers above you seem the most like an intj . isolating yourself from others when you are in a bad mood is something that is common among intx's . you also like to think out your ... you do seem like more of an entp to me , but it does seem somewhat close . you should try filling this out . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? 3 ) think about a time where you felt like you were ... going by your answers to the questions above you seem to me to lean towards infj . i'm almost certain you are more of a feeler to a thinker , mostly due to the answer of question # 1 . i can definitely ... for the most part i believe global warming is crap . i'm sure people have changed the climate in the very slightest of ways , but not anywhere close to the degree that is portrayed by politics and the ... just like the above poster i also dropped out of college . i couldn't put up with all the bull * * * . it sucks when you go to school hoping to learn and you find out that they teach you crap which has ... the following is based off of wikipedia so validity is probably not 100 % . also , it only accounts for u . s . , don't know if there is a world statistic somewhere . the sixteen types us population ... i would get rid of organized religion . i wish people would just chose what to believe in on their own . i will generally only enter a discussion if i have a good base knowledge in it , otherwise i lurk around and absorb any useful information . intp : pc , primarily because i'm a gamer . dad : estj mom : isfp i doubt that either understands me . i don't really converse with either of them all that often . sounds about right . i don't talk to myself out loud , but i constantly talk to myself inside of my mind . 1 . the means . 2 . social interaction . 3 . social interaction . 4 . analysis 5 . people who can't think for themselves . i often repeat what i have said under my breath , often to help me review my choice of words and contemplate what i could have done to have stated them better . not that it changes anything . ... shaun morgan - i feel that it is very easy to identify with what he writes in a deeply emotional way . jerry cantrell - made some of the greatest songs i've ever heard for alice in chains . maynard ... when i took the test i was given a 5 with a 6 wing and i'm fairly certain that it is right . neon genesis evangelion is pretty good . i also second elfen lied and baccano ! . puscifer . an interesting side project of maynard james keenan ( lead singer of tool / a perfect circle ) . new intp . i feel it is customary to say hello . hello . not much else to say except that i think i will be enjoying my time here .