' i'm itching so hard for that 300 what's your profession meme , but i digress . move along folks . it's essentially an i guess we could call as nihilist asceticism , the former ideal emphasises that nothing matters while the latter focuses on a lifestyle free of worldly desires and tendencies . ... what if the anger is bursty like a bomb with short fuses ? i have this problem . even though every time i have my rampage i would tell myself to watch out , but nope , i still get enraged on the next ... i'll admit , my understanding about sleeping and dreams is not anywhere to write homes about beyond the currently and popularly accepted theories and explanations , which may or may not already be ... what happens after a person's essence , soul or ego after death and what truly constitute it is all up for debate because nobody knows , but 1 thing is quite clear , memories do die along with the ... if no one would mind , here's some classic , soft , old-fashioned , and cliched type of sexy ( this is a male-allstar edition , though ): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGFToiLtXro ... my scores : auditory : 25 % visual : 45 % tactile : 30 % the test identifies me as a mostly visual learner , though i've always thought myself as a combined learner ( between 2 or all 3 of them ) ... i think a bit more elaboration on the context would be nice .  ... if i were to make a guess , are you saying this lady is a bit weird to be infp because she seems to be more si and te ... i did state that it's pretty obvious that nonsense like isil is clearly the biggest wrong in all of this by a very significant margin . it's a no-brainer and i'd thought it needs no any elaboration ... i went through them a bit in my responses above , or at least i'd like to think so anyway . i am not saying they are racist . but a quick look at their history clearly states that they at least to some degrees , xenophobic . every country is like that , what's the big deal ? well the deal is not ... radicalised is an easy sentiment to come up with . what's a bit harder is to find out why they become radicalised . and why france of all places ( i mean , how many times have france been attacked in ... this is just like shaking hands , it's just general courtesy and manners on showing hospitality and friendliness . people aren't connected by telepathy or whatever , so something like communication ... i think i can explain this . you are supposed to just swallow the liquid , instead of keeping that in your mouth . the flavour is just something to go with , many people also drink sparkling water ... 1 . the extremely short answer is yes and no . but here's a closer look : the one child policy was originally made to slow down the explosive birth rate of the chinese citizens , and was originally ... edit : i thought my previous post was not posted and i was trying to remember it back . nvm . just ignore this one . i get exactly what you mean . it's you who don't get me at all . now don't get me wrong , i like democracy , i think it's cool , and i also think it's bad . similarly with other system , i also see their ... the term totalitarianism was originally made just to refer to communism and portray it in a very bad light saying that it's 1 man's rule and no freedom . then it becomes literally anything and ... tyranny and totalitarianism are not the same thing . the latter describes a system that focuses the power to a single person , the former describes a person abusing that said system . not to mention , ... no one arrests and kills people for merely criticising and / or shittalking their government , regardless of the style of governance , not even the leaders in some rather underdeveloped african countries ... adonnus when i was reading through your post i wondered if you've actually read anything regarding tiananmen square , the recent history of china , as well as what really goes on within its borders ... i dream about living in a in a populated but not too busy canal city where people regularly travel by boats , and that the buildings there are either modern with a big dash / inspiration from good o ' ... well who knows ( about whether or not you're innately more french due to whatever reason ) . but if you feel more like being a french , the just be one yo . every human beings have over 99.9 % of share genetics , there really isn't that much difference between different ethnics let alone having tangible difference between you and someone whose ancestor ... talking is cheap , you know . what would you , as the person in charge of everything that goes on in the nation , do if your nation is literally on the verge of collapse ? do nothing because human ... chinese citizens are not oppressed , it's really about time to let that cold war narrative go . in china , you're only oppressed if you think about overthrowing the government and / or manipulating the ... unless you're fine with wiping off forests , removing mountains , filling up rivers , covering up the sea and driving the vast majority of all lifeforms on this planet to extinction , this planet is way ... if you are open to something besides a book , there are a couple anime i'd recommend you to watch in terms of you guidelines . there are many i really enjoy in that area from what i've seen : ... point is , this thread's premise is already a bit wrong to begin with . religion is the same as anti-religion or any forms of faith , whether or not it has anything to do with an or multiple ... money is only as good as your need and desire . beyond a threshold , it becomes a choice , and it's up to you to acquire or otherwise , both are equally as valid . anyway on topic : it depends ... , you do realise atheism is pretty much the same as any other religion right ? atheism is just a philosophy and beliefs that deny the existence of god , that's really it , no different than any ... look for arrow's impossibility theorem . assuming i have understood it correctly , basically what it says is that unless the election is always between 2 candidates or below , democracy is impossible to ... i don't , i however always have difficulties keeping myself awake and not feel tired / dazed / unmotivated all the time . and every time i sleep down , it's like i'm temporarily dead . it's also ... do take into account of the intrinsic preferential bias between different personality types . in the picture threads and the kind , introverts might generally appear prettier than their extroverted ... the trick is having it burst out when no one is looking at you . or , you could have it burst out in unconventional ways . one way to do it is to essentially become very complain-y , but hey , at least ... it would be better if the :) is a picture of your actual smiley face being printed onto campaign banner . history will remember your vote today . yes you can . asking people won't do much good . because infps are the type who would throw away the their lives willingly if you've found their calling , but endlessly procrastinate if they're stuck in things they ... too much fun with comrades back in the army i take it ? but anyway , if legit true story , i hope you've come out of it unscathed . i also got some sort of stress-related issues caused by my academic studies in university , which isn't going too hot admittedly . i occasionally have and wake up from dreams about panicking in exams ... personality types with wings | structural enneagram another way of looking at it is that , 1w2 is a lot like the traditional hero image , where they're always for the people and relentlessly ... oh goodie , i will definitely give this one a read , didn't know this site before . thanks bud . i don't like general descriptions like these , they not only over-simiplify too much a lot of times , most things are written with certain degrees of hyperbole , and not only that , they're generally ... enneagram type 9 are not afraid seeing conflicts , no type is really that fundamentally in both mbti and enneagram . e9 just tend to avoid conflicts due to their tendency do see it as either pointless ... some of us like contributing , but don't like being involved . i guess those of us are just terrible listeners , even though the stereotypical images for infps tend to claim that we are . or maybe , we're ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/df/3d/e5/df3de537fbd920664b8eb36f7f9102ff.jpg http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/5759/99/16x9/1200.jpg ( watch flcl to understand this image better ) i wouldn't say that it's strictly an infp problem but probably more to do with just making mistakes or not having the right kind of memorising tools for yourself . but if this kind of problem is ... i'm not sure if this is the same thing , but it would seem i've been one of those who's been suffering a similar symptom . for me , it generally manifest in one of the 2 ways at any given time : either ... many people stereotype fi to be quite literally , the completely opposite of reason and logic or that it's dubbed as the so much feels , for some reason , even though it's not how it actually works ... '