' i absolutely understand where you're coming from my friend . for any inferior se there is no true on / off switch , we do tend to inspect and break down everything to the point it can dictate our own ... double post , sorry . as an se inferior i agree with lord pixel . inxj's aren't generally known for being super vivacious , but we are a very passionate people behind the walls we may put up if you can get past them . if ... infj ( this list frequently changes . ): pixies cage the elephant phantogram the kills the smiths alt-j the cure this doesn't necessarily apply to every single infj but : - obsessive thought patterns ( particularly regarding existential matters ) that don't allow the infj to enjoy themselves enough and relax . so ... this woman i had been best friends with during my later teen years reconnected a few years later when we were in our early twenties . i was reluctant to get close again ( she initiated contact ) , but i ... 1 ) ti , pretty logical articulation of your internal thought process . 2 ) this sounds more like general anxiety than something function based . 3 ) fe ? social chameleon . 4 ) si ( high attention to ... slim men have always been my * ideal * type . ( ex . david tennant , adam scott ) i don't mean to suggest gentlemen of a larger build can't be attractive , there are very good looking muscular and stocky ... you've got great hair man . and i've always been attracted to slender guys , very cute . 03534 however : it kind of freaks me out , you look like you could be related to my husband , he and his brother ... most recent photos . 700714  7007 22 this thread is imbecilic . everyone uses both intuition and sensing , if we solely relied on one we'd be an incompetent mess of a human being . for the infj their weakest function is extroverted ... yes , i absolutely would say i've tried aspects of certain people's personality on for size . however , i try to be selective about it . i tend be more charismatic with complete strangers . if i cannot ... these are just some of the weird ones at the top of my head , i swear these are not an accurate depiction of their general behaviors , both of my parents are pretty healthy dominant fe users : ... there are places in my mind that even i cannot go , there are things in my head even i do not know . the pieces don't fit and the data doesnt make sense . the harder i seek truth the greater the ... hannah : exfx clay : ixfp mrs . jenson : esfj mr . jenson : intp alex : isfp courtney : esfj jessica : esxp tyler : intx tony : istp justin : estp - writing ( currently working on second novel . ) - psychology - reading ( psychological / thriller , fantasy , science fiction , classics , mystery , horror , etc , ) - sketching - world mythology ( particularly ... i'm just gonna drop this here , this guy said it best : https://youtu.be/q_vivC7c_1k i absolutely have taken note of an increase of misogynistic behavior directed , not solely towards me , but to so many other women too ( so much cat calling , crude and degrading jokes ) . however , that ... dolores : xnfx definitely the hardest for me to type and i can't pin point why . learning more toward i than e though . teddy : isfj dr . ford : intj maeve : estp thandie newton gave a superb ... you think you're actually capable of lasting 30 seconds , drunk parrot , you butt hurt masochist ? * yawn * dildo ? pretty sure i'll never get a wide on ever again if i have to watch you bend over and ... drunk parrot oh , i'm sorry , i was under the impression that you guys were always ' rising ' to the occasion . performance issues ? aw , that must be embarrassing ... my mistake .  ... so clearly i've missed a fair bit , however my general impression of this thread thus far is : entps : https://media.giphy.com/media/KKzGySQbYteCs/giphy.gif i see you guys , picturing your own ... 70 out of a possible 80 . i question the validity of this test . a family friend , we'll call him j . i was 6 or 7 . he was in his 20 ' s . he was charismatic , witty , and handsome ( and is probably even more so at almost 40 years old now ) . i was painfully shy around him ... retook the enneagram test approximately a month ago and am simply a type 1 ( previously scored 1w9 , which is apparently far more turbulent disposition for an infj opposed to type 1 or 1w2 in the ... i was raised by a fashion conscious esfj mother who did not hold back from vocalizing what she deemed to be unflattering ( on me particularly ) . for many years this was a complete turn off and i paid ... dearest child-that-we-lost , not a day goes by that i do not think of you , not a moment passes that don't i miss you . how strange it is to love you and have never held you . your daddy and i would ... newt : ixfp , leaning more towards infp to me thus far , eager to watch this film again . tina : istj . quite obvious . jacob : esfj credence : unhealthy inxj . ( ezra miller is a superb actor . ) queenie : ... marry : intj kiss and end the night with a firm handshake with : estj share an aged scotch with : istp intp , esfj , enfp entp : the snarky , charismatic wild card . intp : the tech obsessed / inventor / tinkerer / hacker . enfp : the manic pixie dream girl / guy . ( i'm personally not a fan of this stereotype , no offense to you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4RNsTcD7-k 1 . murder house 10/10- brilliant . amazing character dynamics , not the most frightening season , but by far my favorite ahs storyline . 2 . asylum 9/10- would have gotten a 10 from me if the plot hadn't ... gender : male age : 16-26 intelligence : superior idea adoption : conservative mbti personality profile : infp closest alternative we found : isfp incorrect , however i really like this ! i've been on a sims 4 kick in my free time , new expansion comes out next month so i'm terribly excited . japanese and south korean culture . american horror story season 6 , it's getting ... marvel : lady loki 588066 dc : huntress happily married to my infp husband for a little over two years now . :p roud : i find it intriguing that several thus far on this thread have had experiences with immature infps as i feel like my ... recently , people have perceived me as the nf type but have a very difficult time discerning if i'm e or i . most common guess : enfj . wish i actually had that social stamina at times ... what are some of the best ways to instill confidence in an infp ? i have a wonderful infp husband who second guesses himself in many aspects of his life despite being incredibly smart and capable ... intj : the ones i know well are either some of my dearest friends or people i've really clashed with . clever , innovative , and insightful . contradictory . they tend to have intense pride , but can be ... infj very clear introversion : 20/21 very clear intuition : 25/26 slight feeling : 14/24 very clear judging : 22/22 - good omens by neil gaiman - american gods by neil gaiman - the harry potter series by j . k . rowling - the night circus by erin morgenstern - the shadow of the wind by carlos ruiz zafon - the map ... the first time i got sorted in pottermore i got ravenclaw . a few days ago ( having not logged into the updated version in quite some time ) i got slytherin ... this displeases me , i've always been ... this infj can be found at : - book stores - the gym - art museums - a few local parks / hiking trails . - walking through city / urban areas with friends . - movie theaters when i was in my older teens ... 1 . lizzie bennet , pride and prejudice ( by jane austen ) 2 . belle , beauty and the beast 3 . charlie , the perks of being a wallflower ( by stephen chbosky ) 4 . river tam , firefly 5 . jane eyre , ... mindtraveler intj or intp . light is a perfect example of an intj , perhaps he could appeal to you if you possess your own misanthropic tendencies . deon really strikes me as an intp . superman is likely ... j . k . rowling ! enfp : jo march ( little women ) infp : marla singer ( fight club ) , charlie ( perks of being a wallflower ) entj : magneto ( x-men ) intj : sherlock holmes ( bbc sherlock ) , severus snape ( harry potter ) esfj : ... amelie beauty and the beast edward scissorhands fantastic mr . fox fight club lord of the rings mad max : fury road pans labyrinth se7en v for vendetta spouse : infp mother : esfj father : enfj good friends : infp , intj x2 , infj friends : esfj , entp , infj suicide squad 7/10 '