' the caring part i agree with too . your logic can just as easily be reversed , meaning that when i'm sober , i'm too self-conscious about my thoughts and am aware when they're not especially coherent ... yeah i guess the key is i lack discipline . gym membership sounds more or less ideal in this case . endorphins might just be the drug that i need . still , i do want this thread to carry on about drug ... perhaps , though instead of seeking a distraction , i'm looking for a means to help me cope with my issues . it's rather stupid , but my only issue with myself is my extremely lazy and unmotivated ... yes , i should have underlined in that sense . when i said harm i meant it would do the opposite of what i want it to do , which is make me less lazy and more motivated . therefore , weed just doesn't ... i'm not so sure about that . firstly , alcohol , may not be the most healthy option , but it works . that is , lifts my spirits , makes me feel like i'm a part of things . secondly , i have a feeling ... in my experience , verbal diarrhea . that is , even more so than when they're sober . share your experiences with drugs and how you think they've affected your personality . personally , i often feel as though i should experiment with drugs , because i hate the apathetic , lazy , ... i only like to keep things that have pleasant emotions attached to them . most other shit goes right out the house . my computer , on the other hand , is full of old junk and thousands of useless ... ah , the charmer switch . for most intps , every once in a while , there's this window of absolute bliss . not only are you amongst people , but for one reason or another , you are actually loving it ... yes . in a way . i think it's something to do with an intp's natural lack of prejudice . you'll appreciate the fact that they're different from everyone else more than anything . first off , i don't ... with intps it can range hugely , depending on the depth of the relationship and the moment . they'll either want to be on their own , or become clingy as shit . the tough part is to not freak out when ... i'm a coward put your knife in me i don't know you i can't use you i don't know you i can't use you i don't know you i can't use you the key for me is to make it relaxed , interesting and fun at the same time . going to a concert ticks those boxes for me , and is a neat ice-breaker so that's what i tend to generally stick to . it ... really cool people , until they start pointing out all the flaws in you . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_ui8uMcTVrLk/SxBspl5tnJI/AAAP4/pBPQ1oAyMkU/s640/Cool_story_sis.jpg that's the thing , i prefer to keep my quiet , cold & distant nature to myself , when i'm on my own . which is most of the time , and i feel fine about it . the side of me that people most often get ... hmm .. no , actually . it's strange , but when i think about it , everything always seems to work out just fine . a combination of low effort and low expectations does the trick . ... ^ this man . listen to him . your man is not angry at you , but at himself . if he needs time to think things through , let him . what's frustrating is i'll do all it takes to avoid doing things i should be doing . i'll find myself gazing at irrelevant intellectual bullshit or deciding to have a coffee and maybe a snack to go ... hmmm ... though i've listened to a fair share of different music , i don't think it puts me in a sexual mood at all , and the thought of having sex with it in the backround seems awkward . i must be ... it turns me into an entp an estp . really nice girl . been together for 4/5 months . been a couple of months since we broke up / i last saw her . still miss her sometimes . there have been numerous occasions where i had to ... sounds like a hardcore intp to me . it's a type that's most likely to make such an observation , and lay it out in such a way . http://files.sharenator.com/Whats_Going_On_In_This_Thread_Huge_Collection_of_Randoms_s400x541_66557_580_RE_PETITION_TO_HAVE_THEKITKATKID_BANNED-s400x541-115714.jpg ... that's pretty fucking cool brah because my assignments need working on . and i need to stay awake to keep reminding myself about it . 4/10 . tree is a cloud . minus points for posting more than once . i have a big problem with education . somehow it makes acquiring knowledge feel wrong . the main problem that i have is all the dry work that you have to do in order to prove that you're ... quiet . the loner . often seen as some sort of genius / wunderkind because i kept interest in scientific knowledge few adults , let alone my peers , were aware of . a book nerd . never more than two ... i seem to be way too apathetic about things that in reality should concern me here's something that came out my exhaust earlier , following a few scraped knuckles and a bruised elbow . i am a four year old boy that just splashed a puddle with his feet i am a fifteen year ... there are a few ways to interpret this . i . i can do anything i want , the only impossibility is i will never find true love . this option , as attractive as it seems at first , i would never choose ... sorry doublepost . here's a quote i refer to in the next post suppose they blend in with just about anyone only just completed my first year of sp . fun , brought out some traits in me that i wasn't using . guessing nf is similar in that respect then eh ? graficcha : i'm all the same . there's always an excuse for me to not do something important that i really should be doing . me spending half of my day on here is a perfect example . i guess one ... or ... baby if you were a compressed archive file i'd unzip you at 5 megabytes per second . um ... no ! contrary to most of this thread , i quite like hugs . i have found myself initiating them more recently too . i guess it's to do with how you deal with something that has a lot of potential ... other nts . more mutual understanding , more respect , less judging , more interest . all of these will vary from person to person , you simply stand a better chance with other nts . now that i think about it ... my general to-do list seems very much like a bucket list : s expressing emotion is unrelated to having feelings , but you seemed to have ( got enough information from this thread to have ) worked this out already . yes , we're all humans , we all feel . the way we ... ... be what you want me to be . i knew i had a couple saved somewhere . don't really get most of them though . 3948939490 http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpano4ByBA1qjo4bco1_500.png ... looks like this thread isn't really going anywhere . shame . so ... you're saying it doesn't affect you or ... you don't personally see it as an issue ? not gonna lie guys , this thread is confusing the fuck out of me . let's break this down ... intp style : mellow : have we even established how our personalities are formed to begin with ? what makes ... weh-ell ... if only it were as easy as that , my darling . you do know that intps often struggle putting their thoughts into words , right ? in my experience , saying exactly what you mean does ... my ex , who i've pretty much stopped talking to ( unless she starts talking to me ) thinks it's okay for her to text me when certain things remind her of me . i text back , casually trying to make a ... that's when shit starts to get awkward . let's see , two hardcore introverts trying to communicate with each other whilst being bombarded by feelings . now let's just wait til one of them makes the ... yep , happens ... i guess it's only natural for an intp to get their ass online and learn all they can about this psychology bullshit before getting into another relationship , as we don't want ... '