' am i the only intj who repeatedly gets mistaken for an extrovert because she has methodically built good relationships ( at least working ones ) with virtually everyone at work ? people don't seem to ... even if it were intuitive or spiritual , clarity would most certainly figure . that quite made me goggle with disbelief ! :) okay , so then what characterises the kind of thinking you're referring to ? what is the spectrum like from the lowest to higher levels ? and are you sure ... this is about something i noticed at my workplace . 2 people were having a rather ' typical ' conversation in that it followed a format typical to them . please keep these descriptions in mind ... somehow , this is the information hierarchy ( so to speak ) that i think exists : data ( the most basic kind of information ) data + basic elaboration = information information + dimensions and ... this question is pointless ... haven't we already made the choice ? : wink : i can almost relate ... just one question : are you sure you're reading the tone correctly ? is it that they're trying to reassure you or that tying to tell you to back off a bit and not be so ... i deeply disagree with the descriptions and misleading crappola that talk about our manipulativeness and love of playing puppet master . the intjs i know in reality are not like this . we don't tell ... when you're alone and feeling lonely , you can still hope and tell yourself that the ideal is unaffected - it's theoretically possible to have that one really good bond , it just hasn't happened yet in ... mob violence . there's just nothing you can do if a mob decides to attack you . i can't remember the last time i was part of the majority in anything , and there's no reasoning or interacting with a mob ... i've a suggestion for the perc android app : there doesnt seem to be a way to exit without logging out . so unless you brute force the application and exit , you need to sign in each time . can you ... at work : but ... that doesn't even make sense ! ( in a slightly appalled tone , when someone i'm mentoring blabbers ) don't tell me why you like the design , tell me why it works ( when i'm teaching ) ... i would like to share more specific observations on the topic i raised , so i'm going ahead and posting again . also , i feel the sense in which i'm referring to intj love being masculinised is being , ... i don't know about the rest of you guys , but i'm starting to get this slight reality warp sort of feeling hearing the forum talk about us when we're in love . i'm intj and i'm a woman . i don't buy ... skilled . and i make it a point to drive better than most men i know because cliches about women drivers piss.me.off . yes and yes . aggressive if someone else is discourteous or idiotic a ... just because a broken toaster didn't kill anyone before , it doesn't mean it can never happen . stop being so obsessed with reality ! it's just another construct yknow ... a collaborative illusion . uses the abbreviation emo and american spellings - criticize . innnteresting . and what she seeks is knowledge . probably another frustrated grad student in the us searching for a way to connect ... i'm sure there will be some very impressive serious thoughts on this thread , but i feel like being flippant right now : that religion was like your panties . it ain't good form to flaunt it in ... ah thanks . then i'm one of you / us . so the first question stands . unless you're talking about nerdy indepth research about areas of interest which yes i do . only today a colleague was making round ... dedicated , supposed-to-be-insightful , sticky threads about intjs becoming arbitrary spam centers :( what kind of experiences ? osso .. i read that 458 was the same as 548/854 . is that true ? as far as poss , this is probably my process : first check : do they really want advice or do they need to just vent . then if it's the latter ... identify all the elements identify how they ... naughychimp : interesting observation re touch being more significant to our type . mine is too is primarily physical touch . second is quality time ( ennea 8 happening there ? ) and then close behind ... my sister , who is an intp , is the only person i can really speak my mind to - and be understood , and not shock her . she's the only other person i know who gets it when a perspective is just about ... when having an endearment thrown at you ( especially dear ) randomly by people you consider relative strangers makes you cringe and wonder how people use words so loosely ... pink floyd's hey you - open your heart , i'm coming home . ' tis the 8w7 sx anthem ! 854 : http://www.just-marvel-x-men.com/image-files/astonishing-x-men-cyclops-2.jpg :) ) most certainly there can be . my sister , one of the people i'm closest to , is probably sp . i'm pretty emphatically ( like in all things ! ) sx . we're close because of the space we've built as adults ... sx : i have constantly battled with my impulse to push to know the other person when i am interested in them . i see such a person hiding something from me when we're supposed to be close , i ... http://images.cryhavok.org/d/2679-3/LOLcat+-+flying+bitchslap.jpg i keep thinking of this and chuckling to self . somehow , nobody around me seems to think it's all that funny . jennywocky , you are an amazingly understanding person ! :) well ... fragmented in the sense that sometimes there are pieces in the present that just don't fit with the mental self-concept . for ... not a-tall ! i don't give a damn about validation and i'm pretty uncomfortable with being in the spotlight . :) jennywocky : thank you so much ... your response was very understanding . i keep thinking this is a ridiculous amount of emotion to feel , that normal people move on and don't feel disabled like this by ... hey . i've been struggling to come to grips with this ever since my divorce ( about 3 years ago now ) . if someone can help , i'd be so grateful . ever since the divorce , each time i go out with more ... i wasn't bullied in school as much as regarded as a sort of freak . i could hold my own against all the teasing because most of it was good-natured , and the parts that weren't i could ignore in ... when i was young i used to completely tune out the world because i was daydreaming ... a bus driver once got out of his vehicle to pinch me into awareness because i hadn't even heard him honk when i ... oh dear . i'm high mach too . and i didn't pick any extreme stances ( or i don't think i did ) . i think this thing casts cynicism as evil intent ! i wasn't tested at work , but i have persuaded some colleagues to take the test . as a result : 1 ) . meetings are less frustrating because now at least i have a clear idea ahead of any meeting as to ... sanityhatesme : i used to be in a similar position from high school to college . i used to be everybody's counsellor . even people i didn't like , because basically they used to find me comforting to ... counselling . only with clients who think in hyperdrive ... kinda like house ! :d yourveryflesh : omg yesh ! ! i just realised i do that every time i order home delivery : check the list twice in my head , work out the total , check my wallet to see if i've correct change , or ensure ... i'm somewhere in between : when i've let someone into my innermost circle , it's usually not a deliberate decision - it's intuitive . and that's when reason kicks in screaming and howling doubts . the ... oh good ... i'd been meaning to ask this ! i find other intjs more comfortable to work with , while their intj-ness is not a guarantee of our being able to bond on a personal level . i know several intjs ... my happy making stuff : sunlight . water bodies - especially seas and rivers and pools . things and people who make sense . in the people dept , especially people who aren't trying to play games , who ... i wouldn't at all agree in the first place that being self-centered is the same as being selfish . i think you're only selfish when you don't concede that everyone else also has a right to be ... oh ! just remembered - a good friend of mine , also an intj , has a tattoo as well . it's of a guitar . at first that seems a fairly ornery kind of symbol , but i personally think his love of music and the ... i have a tattoo which i designed myself . i wanted to celebrate having made it out of one of the worst patches of my life . i also wanted to celebrate the feeling of being reborn and of getting over ... for unforgivably deep hurt that was caused with vicious / deliberate intent ? thanks ! those were interesting answers . i can see most of you ( like me ) typically seem to use detachment and rationalisation as defense mechanisms . discussion of this with the counsellor was what ... i've caught this thread rather late but anyway ... i found when i was a teenager that i could effortlessly sense the chinks in people's armours . i just sort of intuitively sensed their vulnerable ... '