' xd my sense of humor would be random / silly where the weird stuff i do and say other people happen to find funny . : tongue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRC4Vk6kisY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRC4Vk6kisY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRC4Vk6kisY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRC4Vk6kisY ... thanks ! :) i appreciate the esfjs in my life because they genuinely care about others and want them to be comfortable , happy and getting along good :) i feel super safe around them to be honest , regardless of ... yeah totally ! i've found observing body language to be surprisingly useful for typing people . : confused : : crying : : bored : : frustrating : i just imagined all these brown specks floating around in the air and landing on toothbrushes ... : bored : maybe if we just bought new ones more often it would ... macadamia , i believe . although ... there might be some chocolate chip ones hidden somewhere , if you can find them ! c ; how do our toothbrushes not make us super sick ? like we brush our teeth with them everyday after eating all kinds of foods ... isn't it kinda unsanitary ? : laughing : too bad people didn't wear their type above their heads so it would make it easier for us to know what kind of person we're dealing with . xd : smilewoot :: penguin :: hugs : hii welcome fellow nf-er : welcome : heyy welcome ! ! i'm kinda late in the greeting ( as usual ) haha great to have another personalitycafe-r around :D enjoy da foruuummm ! p . s . i believe there are cookies around here somewhere ... haha thanks ! that brightened my day : crazy : ya i feel like siblings are the few people who seem to understand us because they're used to our weirdness c ; plus , you may as well be super close with ... i do the exact same thing on my snapchat and e-mail ! mostly cool links and information that could be useful in the future . : laughing : i know the password to my brother's skype account so i log ... tooenfptonormal haha yep ! sometimes i keep the details in my head so i don't spook them xd i try to remember stuff about people i feel might be important in the future . haha yess so true ! everyone in my family and most of the other people i know are super opinionated and i'm more ' uhh ... i don't really know how i feel about this yet . i'm not informed enough to have ... haha yess so true ! everyone in my family and most of the other people i know are super opinionated and i'm more ' uhh ... i don't really know how i feel about this yet . i'm not informed enough to have ... i have pinterest , snapchat and skype . i don't ever want an instagram or facebook ... i don't like the whole ' likes ' based system they have . i used to have google + and deviantart , but deleted them ... my dad is intp and my mom suuper hard to type because sometimes it seems like she leads with fe , other times ne , but i'm pretty sure she's an enfj . i talk to my dad about stuff like science and ... inspiring people having goofy conversations , happy people laughing seeing the world : untroubled : hmmm i know i have a bunch , it's just hard to compile them into a list haha 1 . i have these 2 giant plastic cups that i fill with water everyday which i intend on drinking but end up forgetting ... bubblegum totally ! my sensor friends are nice to talk to about things and life with , their down-to-earth and practical style helps with problem solving and decision making alot haha xd they're in general fun ... exfp tmlt not have coffee affect them because they already have lots of energy : crazy : wow . really , [ my name ] ? ? ? you're like , 12 . or 6 too stupid for the world how are you so happy all the time ? * after saying / doing something that came out awkward * oookayy ... tikki tikki wakka neeki : crazy :: penguin : ever wish you could just pause life for a bit ? pressing play and bouncing back into everything once you've and figured out what you want to do / say ? dear istp , pleaseee be less exclusive with your bff ... other people would like to talk to you too ! i am listening to you , even if it seems like i'm not paying attention xd sin-cereal-y ... typology jesus thanks for your answer ! ya ! ! ! :D totally relatable ! at home i'm doing my own things alot or chatting w / my bro or mom ^ ^ my sister is great for being goofy with , she's almost opposite of me : goofy at home ( when not doing ... eeyem an enfp and i act different around everyone which drives me crazy cause i want to be myself around everyone but can't ( yet ;) ) for some reason : frustrating : oh and i have a weird sense of ... haha yes i agree there needs to be balance between following emotional reactions and following logic-constantly following one can sometimes be detrimental xd even though i identify as a feeeler , i ... haha yes i agree there needs to be balance between following emotional reactions and following logic-constantly following one can sometimes be detrimental xd even though i identify as a feeeler , i ... ahaha you got a point there ! : wink : except i'm actually peppy : crazy : on perc i feel i can be most authentic to my true self , cause there's noone to interrupt xd oh and to whoever started ... ryosuke 93 that post was beautiful and so so true :) i wish i could express myself like you lol ayyye these posts are so interesting ! reading them reminded me of a friend who seems to suppress his feelings and do exactly what queen qualia and libertyprime said . sometimes i get the feeling ... hey guys ! get your typing caps on ! : tongue : normally i just get a gut feeling of someone's type , but this case has me stumped ! it ’ s like an artist ’ s block … but with typing ! xd random stuff : ... aw thanks for the welcomes , everyone ! c : it's good to be back ^ ^ enjoy your day ! yeeep ! ;) hey guys ! glad to be here ( again xd ) ! i lost my first newbie account ( pura.vida ) so i made a new one ! : 3 : crazy :: wink :: kitteh : o wait ... maybe i don't need to be introduced here again haha : laughing : '