' i just wanted to thank everyone for their input . i received this from him today ( paraphrased ): feel free to email . he promises to read them all . he can't promise to answer them quickly and he ... you know , it's funny because i am guilty of exactly the same sort of behavior ... i don't reassure nearly as often as might be needed . yet i feel so strange when somebody does it to me ! i guess ... i'd like to ask a not-so-hypothetical question of the dear intjs in this forum . and intj and i ( infj ) have struck up a close relationship . time has not yet revealed if it's going to be a ... hello , friends ! i used to be quite regular on this forum . life had interesting plans for me , though , so i disappeared for two years . upon my return , i decided to browse through my history of ... sadly , every man i have dated in the past three years has been somebody i met at work . it usually happened after a protracted getting-to-know-you phase followed by a pact that , should anything go ... this was great . my father is an intj , and i noticed our relationship started smoothing out when i was in my mid - 30 ' s . this may have had to do with the fact that i was strengthening my ti . it ... if we are indeed talking about a intj , and a stereotypical one at that , i can take a stab at these two questions . just keep in mind that all people and situations are different . it probably meant ... good luck to you , mithril ... having been a really negative and depressed person for years , i know that i was a massive drain on the people around me . i appreciated those who stuck around and i ... happy infj here who doesn't suffer from the envy you describe . dealing with unhealthy and unhappy people is only rewarding if they actually ask for and listen to your advice . it sounds like they ... man ... if g_w can't find a post on perc , then i don't feel so bad about never being able to find anything twice around here . ps : glad you found it ! it was a good read . we were sitting on a bench on a pier , watching boats go by and chit-chatting . it was a friendly situation , two people who know each other a bit and were comfortable . intj said something and i ... in my experience ... how to tell if an intj does not like you : they talk to you as little as necessary and are around as little as the situation dictates . ( this can be a tricky one at work . ) ... you're the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me , said my intj boyfriend . i actually had a couple moody days just recently , so i will try to give you a glimpse into my mind . first of all , if you go by the mbti and the function preferences of infj , we are secondary fe . ... my standard operating procedure seems to be to assume the best of a person . so i have an initial yes reaction followed by either a continuation of that yes after prolonged interaction or a trend ... i spent about 15 years of my life saddled with major depression and anxiety . it destroyed my ability to work , go to school , or even leave my house . i am not that way any more . i hit bottom and ... sounds about a hair away from a romantic relationship , if you ask me . granted , i'm not an intj . the intj i am seeing has some platonic male-female friendships . i know about them , though . he ... yes . exactly . you lose a friend and gain ... nothing . i'm imagining a turtle in a zoo , pulled inside its shell , desperately wishing that some little kid would stop trying to get a reaction by ... i felt the same ( regarding the obsession and the boundary issues ) . i don't think he has quite hit her over the head with the i'm seeing someone line . philosophically speaking , it bothers me ... i think the most awful part of the situation is her ability to manufacture hope . this is a woman who has been told that the feelings are not reciprocated and that they cannot be together in that ... i am glad you said all this . it is essentially what i said to him and it is very nice to hear it said back to me . i told him that it isn't right to deprive a person of an important truth and ... the intj i am seeing is a real gem of a guy . he treats people he cares about with respect . he does nice things for them . one of his female friends ( a friendship he thought of as platonic ) ... infps are wonderful mystical friends . oh my god , g_w , i don't think i have to offer any details except to say ... you were right . this is me making a stunned face and going wow ever so quietly . this is very good advice and i thank you for it . i don't intend to be impatient . i am older and have been knocked around by life so i am extremely cautious as well . based on these recent ... i have one question ... i have been told that i like you more than a lot . i don't need to attach the l-word label to that to be happy with it . i actually just wonder about that level of liking . ... this almost made me spit soda all over the airplane seat ahead of me . i like your description of how people either fit or they don't and the adaptations you have to make in the latter case . after fifteen hours in airplanes and airports , he has begged me to stop by his home after i land . i have been promised a shower with warm towels , comfortable clothes , a meal , and any amount of ... this sentence was important to me and i thank you for it . i am normally pretty careful and harmonious . i don't like to hurt people at all , even if they hurt me . especially if they trust me to be in their heads . it sounds like if i just continue these ... you are kind , lilysocks . i should probably apologize for dripping cynicism all over the nice , clean forum . we are coming up on the two week mark since my intj took me on the most beautiful date i ... nobody ever focuses on me unless they need advice or a shoulder to cry on . never underestimate the charm of having somebody come at you with intensity that you can just let wash over you because ... is this a finish each other's sentences kind of deal or a wordless , mind blowing time in bed sort of thing ? currently the focus of an intj laser . it is intense ! intense rationality one minute , intense romance the next . nothing halfway . amazing . they could talk about anything and everything but the love letter is anonymous on a public forum ? as it turns out , it was the most spectacularly perfect date i have ever been on . gotta love intjs . if they bother to do something , it is top-notch . hidden romantics are the best . thank you for your well wishes ! this quote of yours made me laugh . being at work this week has been ... different . we're both a lot more professional with one another than we have been recently . ... hokey ! well pffft . ;) i think it is sweet . once we're on our way and have relaxed a bit in each other's company , i plan to tell him how blown away i am . that's perfectly sincere . my jaw dropped when he told me the details . ( i wondered how ... see ? i knew it was a dumb question . use your intuition , little infj ! many thanks to pyogenes , , , girl , , and for slapping me upside the head ... this is probably a dumb question , but i am currently overthinking everything massively and could use external input . if an intj agrees to meet you outside of work , and then plans an extravagant ... thank you for saying this ! when i dissect the idea behind this sort of thinking , what i get is , well , i don't beat her or shout at her . she should be in love with me ! no . being the bare ... i'm kind of curious why so many people think of boring , stressful , lack of conversation as conventional romance . what if you go to dinner and have a great talk then go see a movie and dissect the ... just an update for the few kind intjs who were following my saga ... as far as the innuendo went , i didn't perceive it as harassment . it was just silly double entendres that made me laugh . ... my best friend is an infp man . he's older ( 60 ' s ) and has matured wonderfully . he is sweet , sensitive , kind , giving , and so so so insightful . he is the best girlfriend i have ever had . i may not be the type of person you want responding , since i am an infj . however , i was in an open marriage for a number of years . the fact that he acknowledges that the reason for the open ... my intj at work has begun to gradually increase the amount of sexual innuendo in our conversations . is this flirting ? i still enjoy that . i wish it happened more often . i historically have had to make the first moves on my fellow introverts . you have been close friends for a very long time . if you want to keep your secrets to yourself , that is your decision . i am just here to tell you that it is entirely appropriate to tell a close ... interesting . thank you for clarifying your previous comments . i guess it is what it is , whatever it may be ! i always welcome your insights . he probed a little bit into my love life today while ... '