' ah , the old classic detatch 4snatch method . from what i understand about pi work , it's mostly in your own work . you get a case , dig around , interview , etc . in some cases you're more like an auditor if you work for a financial institution . ... aha . i have this thing i do where i take long extended sporadic breaks from p . cafe , alas , i should be here for a while ... :D so , hello . again ... : laughing : welcome . i can totally relate to feeling out of place and just not fulfilled when people say you're lucky with what you have . it just doesn't fill in your need for something more than the daily ... agreed . i definitely don't like when people try and cut your off if they've had their turn . or even if you aren't stopping because you want to finish your thought so they talk louder . i've recently ... it does suck . i wish i lived in a temperate environment where it was always like 15-25 degrees and i could wader around in the green stuff . trees are nice . tl ;d r i'm sure most of you know who these jokers are . they're basically the scandinavian ' jackass ' group from finland . i think they're a little more funny than the american guys , i'm not completely sure ... i still don't see how a know it all is an insult . i think some stupid people are just jealous of people who actually value knowledge ... just my opinion anyway . not really . i'm generally neutral to new people , tend to skip small-talk , or engage in the least amount of it as i can . i keep the deeper conversations to a select few of my friends ... some of them ... don't you guys speed read though : $ if you edited this post i'd like to hear the pejorative version ^ _ ^ i often am like meh at the 20 percent warning and know it's going to die but just lay there on it , and then i sprint to charge it when it shuts off haha . this made me laugh . do they make ideal cult followers ? i wasn't talking about you buster baxster . that's too much seriousness . sooo ... what is this suffling thing as a person you are talking about ? like a ' shuffling-thing ' is a boring person that does hardly anything besides be a bland pot of burnt oatmeal stuffed inside ... basically . i wasn't aware ' your type ' had a sense of humour . why would you even waste that much time typing that :/ i don't understand ... i reckoned that you were being about 80 % serious . take what you just said and reverse it . you now have a perspective of someone with a high degree of introversion that sees all the ' non-shuffling things ' as harassing nosy people that make ... i don't understand how people in the us get such high marks . i hear marks like 5.5 gpa and it's not rare to get 100 % average or a 4.0 graduating from high school . in canada , well the high school i ... when you stay up all night reading and then manage to go to slowly get into the grove of staying on the internet until 4 , and waking up way later than you should . my personal best for messing up my ... hi . really . you're drawing out every intp to be a spaced out ocd factoid robot ? another thing about entjs i don't like . you're too bossy and assuming . nothing on intps : c ? 100 % agree . i hate deadlines . it seems now , to be successful in school , you just need to be a little servant and do your assignments on time . if not you get nothing . it seems like you're graded ... why should we troll the intj forum . edit : i thought in 50 years or so are people or children going to sarcastically be saying , nice one , hawking ! instead of saying , nice one , einstein ! ? that's too bad , i hear it's kind of tough and you need a bit of skill . haters gonna hate right ? i find infps adorable . i also find the fact that this is about entjs and the girl i was talking about who is an entj likes narwhals , is ironic . that doesn't make sense though . if you use a drug you're funding the illegal selling of it ... it smells like dank stale air that causes you to wrinkle your nose . dogs don't type and i'm not sure what a jellybaga is . i smell sarcasm and trolliness . there are three of you ? o . o i need a modern translation :) it seems like there's lots of filler . 60 pages ... and not even on paper ? : c introverted sensation ( si ) 8.24 introverted thinking ( ti ) | 7.38 introverted intuition ( ni ) 6.925 extroverted intuition ( ne ) | 5.73 ... i don't ' take ' anything but i guess if they were to become legal we'd have to remove all the crappy stuff , like meth and all of those ' to make profit on addiction ' drugs . everything would have to be ... 69989 woop woop , i guess this makes he a big old intp . it's funny because i created a happy go lucky , extroverted beyond all hell abrasive girly emotiony personality and talked out loud while i ... i don't really understand why some substances are actually illegal . i guess more than enough people are going to be irresponsible addicts . alcohol was illegal in some places , still is . mushrooms ... yep , if you look at the other one i posted earlier in this thread my first two functions are minimally extroverted and the last two are introverted . i sometimes call into question why the functions ... wow you joined a year ago and you have 5165 posts . that's 14.15 posts per day ! edit : and oh , uh the descriptions of types as in personality types or functional types ? because any fruitcake can ... i can play it back damn near perfect . i haven't got my hands on any software because a lot of the good ones are very expensive i hear , but i have fantasized about becoming a dj :/ edit : sometimes ... oh really ... what about perception altering substances that may change your mind for the rest of your life or create a unique experience nobody ever has experienced ? that's nice . if i took lots of naps my family would think i'm sick or something . nature is one of my favourites too . i never got into music really but i think it's because i don't think i'd be ... k - 9 ? dog robot . your signature is a dalek ? i thought they couldn't move ... and i don't really watch doctor who . it annoys me a little , especially whovians . * shutters * another thing relating to ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 36.7 ) excellent use introverted sensing ( si ) ... i believe it is do not waste time on females . you can either take that as use them how you please and leave , or ignore all together and attain currency . { they really are terrible . some guy has videos posts on youtube telling people to learn the functions instead of saying i'm this because of this description . } learn your functions - superdave . [ quote = noctuloquor ; 1232439 ] http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/info/1302155498344.jpg what's that sketchy looking octopus thing with strange symbols . is it supposed to be the kraken ? oops , double post . how do you delete posts ... out of curiousity anyway ? '