' i used to be . in high school . when my parents had money . now that i'm an adult and have to buy everything on my own - idk when the last time was that i bought something i didn't need for practical ... my mom is an isfj with a newly married istp husband . it's really hard seeing her in her struggles bc i've had the same initial struggles with my istp bf , but it's almost like she expects him to ... haha i just looked at mine and they are the same as yours . that is odd and thanks for making me aware of a small wonder . sorry i don't have an answer . of course it can be mutual . maybe you just haven't found the right person yet . i've been in three love relationships . the first , was mutual . second , only he loved me . my current is mutual . i ... i nannied five kids ages 2-12 for over a year . they clung to me . i was their favorite adult figure and they would ( sadly ) ask if i could be their mom . their parents were workaholics and had spousal ... this . to a ' t ' . p . s . ace face , i love all your posts ! i usually don't even respond to something if you've posted b / c you've already explained exactly what i'd say . :) 1 - three favorite activities - writing - drinking - smoking 2 - representative place - beach 3 - idk what anonyminity means but if it's like it sounds i'd rather be it than the latter . 4 - who i want ... dear istj sister , get your hypocritical head out of your stuck up ass . enfp my view : my sister and i were very sheltered . because of that , and we've both talked about it , when we moved out , we went crazy with experiencing alcohol to an extreme . to this day , my sister still ... i think i've lost certainty in what my inner world specifically looks like . if you'd ask that up until 5 years ago , i'd be surfing and listening to jack johnson while my mind made new movies of ... meh . enfp here . food gives me energy to live life during the day if i remember ! but to cook ? i'd rather watch my boyfriend cook bc he's passionate about it and it makes me happy watching him do what ... this makes me so sad . i too believe strangers are more trusted than most friends . it seems a lot of people are plain sell outs . not real , just out for their benefit at whatever moment and do as ... that's actually very insightful , i've never though about it in those specific ways . i'm ne-dom and my sister is istj and we can not get along ! ( although my mom isfj and i get along great ) im gna ... agh me too ! ! ! i dot think its a confidence thing at all though . question asked : what makes you better than x ? ( for a job or whatever ) methinks : i don't know this x , i wonder if they are ... yes , it seems common . i think it's just one of those things where you have to force yourself to keep them at an arms length away , we have to be the guarded ones with them , contrary to our want to ... so agree with mendi . as a parent especially , his biggest want is to know you are going to be ok on your own . my mom is an isfj . she does that same stuff , but me being a feeler , we talk about the whys ... so here's now my problem : i'm the go-to for a certain associate and my manager . they both clash , but don't know how to talk to the other . to me , they make big deals out of nothing . they just need to ... how old are you ? idk , that gets old . i figure for a holiday i should get him something different , no ? i know it's like , less than a week away , i've been busy . dont judge me . every year , i have the hardest time getting gifts for my dad and brother who are both istp's . they are both very practical ... happy birthday ! ! ! (: aw , i've never had much luck with estp's either . that's sad . i am superficial friends with some , an i care about them , but in general they usually piss me off . i'm not one to play the games most of ... i think that way all the time . seriously . i've just cut back from blurting it all out due to all the blank / wtf expressions i always get in response . uh yeah , my istj sister and i can't be in the same building for more than 30 minutes . i attribute it to her mood swings though ! we can text nicely and care very much about the other , but she can ... i think when i was younger , i was way crazy and hyper . i also am on meds for adhd only since my adult years , so that may contribute to me not being hyper crazy very often anymore . esfp's i ... i heart them , obviously ! ! ! my bf is one , so is my blood brother , dad , step bro and possibly step dad . but really , it's mostly bc they're genuine and not fake in any form . (: can ... no must only agree , but . agree isn't strong enough the word . i also am like this ... to an extent ! i am very decisive when it comes to relationships , short term career goals , and anything having to do with family . that's not to say i don't sleep in or ... hehe thanks for not interrupting :P rejection ? it flies over my head . unless its someone i already care very much about . and that takes a very long time usually . i've only cared that much about two people outside my family .  ... lol , think of it like ... ok , take the stereotype of mechanic for instance ( bc we are quite opposite ) . ive rehabbed houses and helped my dad fix cars since i was little , so i know a little bit about ... i agree with aceface . i don't think you said anything wrong , just your observation that you only said bc you care . she does seem a little ... mm , troubled ... not the right word , but i'd rather not ... yes . but that's not type related . it's well known that there is a big correlation between stress and getting sick . when you're stressed , your body panics and goes kinda haywire trying to get it ... ( ^ ^ lol ! i love all you istp's ! ) dear istp , i will never be bored with you . your vm with that song is so true and it brought tears to my smiling eyes listening to it . right now , you have ... dear clutch master and slave cylinder , i hate you for making my left leg and right arm so sore . i'm pulling the plug on you this weekend . sincerely , your fed up driver i don't think it's a personality thing as much as a genetics / body type thing . i am enfp who hates cold more than maybe anyone ( seriously - it physically hurts so bad ) , but i bet anyone regardless of ... idk my moms eannagram type , but she's an isfj and is a lot like both of the types you listed . she is overwhelmingly caring , wants the best for everyone , gives the benefit of the doubt in any ... i'm enfp . i visit istp , infj , intj , and enfp normally . i don't mean to , but i tend to stay away from esj's , esp's , and sfp's . idk why and i mean no offense . i have definitely read ... i loathe clothes . but in this weather , i layer upon layer them . i can't function when i'm cold . and i'm often cold . when i lived alone , i'd just crank the heat up and go nude or near nude . when ... i prefer to eat healthy . i feel better making healthier choices , like whole wheat over white , fruit or veggies over chips , etc , bc if your body can perform better with less junk , why do it different ? ... everyone uses all functions , but it's what comes naturally , how they instinctively think about things , that determined what they actually are . my little brother is an istp , but we often talk about ... yep , dating an istp (: it's ideal for me bc he is nothing i'll ever understand , but we both trust each other tremendously and even through miscommunications we can work them out and he's just as ... welcome ! glad you stopped in to introduce yourself to us (: dear isfj mom , i love you dearly and have the utmost respect for you , but it is extremely frustrating when you have these early morning plans to involve me in , you don't tell me until you wake me ... yeah , and no offense to anyone who does , but brown nosers rub me so wrong and in the long run they seem to show their true colors eventually and leave a bad taste on people's view of them . opposite ... dear chinotto , me too ! ! ! ( shhh ! ) enfp yep , did this a lot in high school , then more open after until the divorce , when i moved back in with my mom she was remarried and we now have his two boys to live with too . i've come to realize ... i'm glad there are some people who thinks its cute or funny - it can be quite embarrassing around some less accepting of our obliviousness ! i think the word stare holds a different meaning than does gaze . the gaze is something i'm very familiar with and adore . it's a meaningful thing . i don't know if i'd like it if it was a total ... i'm enfp 7w8 , had no idea we weren't typical enfp's . i really want the time and / or enthusiasm to research more on eanngram but i have yet to learn much about it . sp ... why does that seem ... '