' i was just really frustrated in secondary school that no one was like me and that they were all so different in ways which i couldn't explain . through random googling and link hopping i discovered ... on the outside people say i am super serious and i look ' depressed ' but on the inside i am really really relaxed ( except for certain things like tests etc . where i focus ) and i love making jokes ... i like a lot of blog facebook pages and good newspapers so it works pretty well as a sort of rss feed ever since apple mail removed the feeds option :( there are also some really good pages on ... we are the idealists - we seek to make our world the best it can be . i would say it is an understatement to say that most of my life is about ideas - i see potential in everything - myself , my ... because just when you feel that life isnt worth living , something happens that makes it worth living again . it just shows us that we should never think that we know it all because circumstances can ... dont give too many compliments unless you want an awkward response . we ( speaking for myself so feel free to disagree ) hate compliments - appreciation is better . saying you like his view on something ... nope - don't have the money or motivation to make it happen . your username is so like the end of that post :D if someone bought me a little gift that showed serious thought , it would make my week ! you could always send her a little text asking her to come over for a nice cup of tea and then finish with ... oh my yes ! i honestly think this forum reads my mind , its scary . im at university right now and since i live in halls there is this constant pressure to be social because everyone around you is ... ok sure - you can message me for skype name if you want to chat that sounded like it was a quote from mean girls - made me lol :D some people do happen to develop deep feelings for others , i dont think self-centredness and apathy towards others is the best ... * cough * i live in ireland and england :D come visit :) another not nice truth ( i'm trying not to do it :( ) i judge people based on what they are wearing sometimes . if you are wearing anything hipster i tend to think you have insecurity issues and ... what i'm looking for someone to talk to who enjoys funny non-serious conversations about anything from art to science to why cant i talk to [ name ] , why is being social so hard ! im not pretty ... hang in there - i was pretty useless and it took me just over a year to pass but i did in the end :D keep focus and try to plan out your actions when driving instead of rushing . what about one near bristol ? the train fare is like 50 pounds :( try mabey asking more specific questions relating to what you see . if you think he is ignoring you , ask him a spark question like i think we should eat out tonight but im not sure where that ... dare you to strike up a conversation with a stranger ( warning : this may cause extreme anxiety :D ) you will feel good after . paris modern architecturally - awesome villa or cute cosy cottage ? we cant change our personality type so just embrace it ! of course people are going to bash because you may do things in a way they dont understand / like . infjs are cool :D we just take a little amount ... there are other infjs in the uk * cough * me :D just have to keep looking . the needing bit i get all the time but it almost feels like i want company rather than what they have to give , more of a ... there are days when being an infj completely sucks - friends , being misunderstood , large social events , reading into things too much , pseudo-lonliness because you don't know what to do anymore , ... it is these type of stories that make you ask the question - is the world getting too big ? it seems to be very frequent that you hear about stories of bullying and suicide with the same ending of ... look around , find someone who is quiet or looking like they arent exactly part of a group and say hi on your way to get a drink or some other excuse to go in their direction - have fun :) if the stores are pretty then yes :D but it is just clothes shopping i get annoyed because of prices and all that other stuff . * really long hug * go make some tea and frame shift out of this rut . you probably feel better since posting your message anyway . ask yourself do you really like these people or just like the idea of ... transverse all i want for christmas is youuu ... * hums the rest * it had to be said :D a hug and a nice meal + catchup with family and friends would be nice what an awesome video ! ! i will think of it when rushing past the green man tomorrow :D i was so confused as to how my post got here - was gonna apologise for posting it in the wrong thread ... i have worked out the precise interval that the traffic light goes red at to allow pedestrians to cross so i can save vital seconds rushing to uni for 9am . the walking man goes green around the 58 ... from my own experience : # 5 we like life's little pleasures . giving us a call to say whats up or just making us feel that we are a part of what you are doing means way more than any ... possessed . i just find it so funny to say :D like i would go like - see that cat over there , its posessed :D i just started university and have the same problem - you know you have to approach and meet people in order to make friends but it is so hard ! people will never laugh at you like that so i would not ... the idea of a bromance seems awesome , i think i got close to one with an intp once - wonder how much more awesome it is with an infp ? ! omg * besties * hehe well at least you agree with the finer detail thing - so that is nice :D when you feel like the person is making the same mistakes over and over - your advice means nothing . or there is a fundamental disagreement on an important issue . that is my tolerance point - once ... if you talk to me for the first time i can get a little giddy but still ask way more questions than the other person would . smile a lot , use hands , look around a lot . i also tend to make lots of ... have you tried hallucinogens before ? if so , you need to lay off :D i understand what you are saying but to be honest it is pretty much a waste of your valuable thinking time to dwell on it . you ... i tried writing down new words i learnt once and it failed lol same with things i know - it is annoying how bad my memory is for things other than science lol yes :D i have to keep questioning my self to ensure i am asking enough questions to stop a convo from dying and yes i also tend to rant + lecture on peoples moral decisions hehe - what about you ? when you spend most of your time on this forum thanking people instead of posting because the previous posters have said exactly what you were thinking . love this forum :D i totally get what you are saying ! sometimes when someone is explaining something , i get very impatient when they fill the explanation with superfluous details - get to the point ! the idea ! ! - are ... yes ! i get this all the time . i spend all day reading cool articles or doing interesting things and then when someone asks what did you do today ? my mind goes completely blank . same when trying to ... i don't understand , so you are saying that we should all carry a firearm just incase a psychopath decides to open fire . prevent means to stop the situation from happening , if you shoot back during a ... to feel that im contributing to something awesome . wow some of that was like whoa that happened to me like last week lol the bit in bold , italic and underline is exactly im going through at the moment . i guess you could try and be humours , it ... it is awesome ! i could try doing that but i would get bored saying the same response lol and it is almost like a convo killer when you are talking online ... :/ very true about how being creative energizes you , i was super anxious today and drew a portrait of a person and the stress went away almost instantly and i felt refreshed ! that story about the glow ... hai ! log in and go wild , if you head over to the infp forum you will be right at home but other forums are awesome too * cough * infj :D '