i always find those instances of ' reverse discrimination ' very interesting - i understand where they come from and how they perhaps seemed like progress at the time , but i'm not so sure they should ... i think it's also true for men though . admittedly my experience with this is very limited , but i do have one male friend who quit fashion-designing because he found the general assumption that ' if he ... haha ! yeah . when i was teaching maths there were only 2 girls in my class ( of over 20 people ) , i'm not exaggerating . hopefully as discrimination diminishes , science will become a more attractive path ... sadly , this is often the case . women are chauvinistic too , it's not a ' male trait ' . in fact , because women are ( most often ) socialised by / around other women , i'd argue the main chauvinistic presence ... i find your list very comprehensive ! i'd just like to add they also have to face a lot of discrimination in certain areas , such as science , because there's still the generalised notion that ' women ... they're a small group within the ' radfem ' community that didn't quite read the whole memo and are instead defending something else . they're not even that numerous , and it's not like i have any right ... whenever i get dreams like that , they're nightmares . i usually don't try to go back to sleep after that happens ; they seem so real that i wake up very agitated - besides i once went back to sleep and ... this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTuTc_liKS4 and i think it's hysterical : | i don't watch a lot of tv and i hadn't noticed that , but if that's the case , then i have to agree with you . it seems about as unequal a way to portray gender roles as 50s television . the idealist ... i've read a lot about ' aggressive feminism ' , and the more i read , the more convinced i become they're doing feminism a disservice , choosing to fight a situation of inequality by proposing a new ... that's all very well , but what happens when all the kids are gone ? does that continue ? are they able to reconnect with each other , once the distractions they were focusing on to avoid dealing with ... human beings seem perfectly able to overcome a number of biological urges - by refusing to procreate , committing suicide , planning a genocide - so i'm not convinced these urges have any real ... a book on the free market , european law , and the institutions of the eu . it's actually a very interesting topic , but the book itself is written in a way i could never call enjoyable . the list of ... they were fun . so versatile ! it was like suddenly having a million more options , unfortunately also a million more buttons on your skillbar :'D i then regretted how long it took me to convince myself ... you're right , i did not take the part about winking orgasms into account because i realised that was a joke - yes , i did read it , i even thought it was funny - but i don't know what that has to do ... i think it just goes with being open to new theories . one can't do that unless they leave room for doubt . rcuai . i've always looked forward to becoming a screenwriter microbiologist . i'll write the funniest bacteriocomedy , and once i've perfected the time-machine , probably the last of us ... this might come as a surprise to you , but i don't live inside your head , and you don't exactly have a voice over the internet so i can pick up on the tone . i'm sorry if my answer bothered you . at the ... i'm too eclectic to have a few favourites . fallout ( any , though especially new vegas . ) half-life portal baldur's gate and similar games the 2013 tomb raider ( i couldn't stand the previous ... well . i guess so . not always , though :| sometimes i just think ' this person is flawed in ways that aren't worth my effort , next ' after a year or two , or simply ' boring , next ' , and that's the last ... i used to do this when i was a child . then i realised they can tell you're looking . oh , i am closer to static , actually - people fitting the dynamic description would probably drive me insane - i was just being nitpicky because that's what i do ! :) technically , asexuals do not experience sexual attraction , but may experience ' romantic love ' . i personally cannot offer any more insight into this , but i hope it answers your question . that wasn't ... it's not . happy researching . besides , your statement also seems to imply ethnic minorities are an impossibility so ... please be careful where you say that ? this seems to apply only to romantic relationships and not any kind of relationship - friendships , family membership , etc . i'm not sure to what extent the individual is able to channel different ... my parents and my cat . i seriously think everyone else i could easily do without . i only become friends with people i think are replaceable . i become very paranoid if i think i'm being ' needy ' . ... i see no reason for them not to exist . check the time . is it time for the postman to be here ? if answer = yes : answer door . else : check date . am i expecting any visitors / construction workers / etc . today ? if answer = yes : answer door ... i see . i actually find those funny . not the jokes per se , but rather ... in a ' laughing at myself ' kind of way , if that makes sense ? then again , i find most things in life hilarious . so maybe i'm just ... and then turned into a thread about a game from the 90s . i'm sorry :| i try to stay on topic , i'm just pants at it . i can't wait ! the enhanced edition also came out earlier this year , which was sweet , but well , in the end it was just an enhanced edition . i love d & d games , especially in the style of bg , i keep ... i honestly have no idea . i'm such a hoarder i tend to forget where things came from , or even why i wanted them . perhaps google can help ? i find it easy to believe they mostly play rpgs . i've seen ... that's unfortunate . i thought you said you'd played wow ? i saw - well ... heard , i guess - lots of girls in wow . not sure how friendly they were , but they existed . seemed to have a preference for ... are you serious . i've played that game so many times i'm not even going to bother with a question mark . 76458 have you considered replaying - i'm going to assume you've played them once because i can't picture a childhood without these - baldur's gate and / or monkey island ? most likely to be played ... i'm glad this is a thing now , i can stop being unrelated elsewhere :) 1 ) i rarely seek out friendships , most often i wait for people to talk to me and then decide whether i want to give them a ... i'm not confident i'm an intp . it's a privileged possibility , but there are others , even if at the moment they seem less likely . oh , i don't know . it seems very statistically unlikely that all my friends are part of the same demographical minority . and so firmly closeted , too . they do . and since most of the time they do nothing that contradicts their answer , i see no reason to doubt their sincerity :| in any case i think i'm derailing the discussion here , this is no longer ... according to this blog , milk :) no idea how reliable a source it is . to be honest , i think culture and society are a large part of this . this is an argument i've only ever had with americans and russians . most guys bellow 50 in my country ( particularly in my social ... not really . i rarely do anything ' crazy ' or ' dangerous ' , i might have crazy thoughts , but i'm not too keen on implementing them . i'm conservative in my choices . very focused on self-preservation . 76431 ignorance . a while ago a french girl asked me if france had taken part in ww2 , and to be honest i wanted to hurt her . i can't understand how one can be unaware of that , particularly when it's their ... oh ! i thought i was the only one who did this . that's how the working titles for my illustrations are usually picked . i've had ' bedside table ' , ' potted plant ' , ' aluminium ' , ' kitten butt ' ... :| ... i used to call all my characters nifi ( + something the character did ) , because nifi was my real life nickname and i was just terribly original like that . i later began to call everything ... that used to make me rage , but lately i just think if they're not willing to make an effort to be understood , then i sure as hell am not going to make an effort to understand them , and move on . i ... i kind of crack myself up all the time , but no one else seems to ever find me funny so ... i don't actually know how to answer this :D i've always been agnostic . i can't justify to myself being any other way ... i really don't know how to logically prove to myself the existence ( or not ) of a god , not in any way i wouldn't be able to ... i try to be , but i'm often told i'm not . i never set out to intentionally harm anyone , in fact i spend lots of time trying to come up with the most efficient way to do things , the one that will make ...