' my close friend is an entp and she's quite similar . when something is over it's over , she pretty much decides on someone and then stops thinking about it . she'll keep them as friends afterwords , and ... i would get really angry when i was a kid . i threw some pretty bad tantrums over pretty tiny things . now i see anger as something really ugly ... because it made me say things that i regretted later ... way to be open-minded and self-aware . :) i'm definitely a know-it-all , but sometimes you just have to accept that you really don't know it all . also , in the end people don't want to be corrected , ... yes , yes , yes , to all of the above ! that is the story of my life . i tend to prepare myself for the absolute worst in terms of relationships . as soon as i see a guy i'm attracted to i'm immediately ... have you ever considered that there are infjs all around you that you just aren't seeing ? yes , i can be shy , but i can hide it pretty well and have been forced to learn social skills throughout my ... the thing that i have learned that has most helped me in life is that the only person you should ever count on to live up to your expectations is yourself . i consider myself pretty awkward , but i have gotten way better at it than i used to be . it's been part of growing up for me , learning how to speak to people . it doesn't come naturally to an infj like ... i have a crush on a boy at work ( story of my life ) and for the sake of the internet i call him noah . noah is a conundrum . upon first meeting , he is quiet and standoffish . he's kind of ... i'm in limerence a lot , and my general term for it is a crush . i don't say i like the person - i say i have a crush on them , because usually at the point where i'm limerent i've only just met them or ... how do you feel when someone changes or suggests plans all of a sudden ? i'm finding that i have a very hard time being spontaneous . if someone invites me somewhere , i want to know all of the ... hey rim , i actually went through a bit of the same stuff that you did . i often test enfp or infp because with nfjs the organization doesn't really apply to physical objects always . the tests are ... just because you share the same time as someone doesn't mean you'll be exactly like them . mbti only defines certain traits , and even still is only a personality theory . so don't take it too ... yay ! just wanted to say how awesome pc is and how glad i am to be here . also , i felt like bragging . because 100 is the best number ever . until 1000 . : laughing : maybe we can make this thread ... wait wait do over the whole thread . just kidding . yes , istj . :D walrus is highly possible . verification of tusks necessary for further opinion . :) really though , i'm thinking istp or intp . i mean , the amount of analysis you put into things like planning your ... you sound entj to me . i'm ignoring the conclusions you reached for a letter for each statement because some of them are incorrect and i can figure it out myself . :) also , it's intuitive , not ... i'm leaning towards infj too . while i love people i also get stressed out when someone asks to hang out during a time i'd been expecting to get some alone time . overall i dislike surprises and ... i woudn't say that i'm absolutely always correct , but i love to people-read . anytime i eat out , i'll take the seat where i can watch the most people because i enjoy figuring them out and seeing all ... that sucks .. i'm sorry . :/ you can always hope that the doctors are like the ones in grey's anatomy where they constantly ignore the dnr . today sucks for me because i'm sick . i do that stuff too ! it helps that i have a dog to talk to , but still ... in the end i'm really talking to myself . sometimes i won't even realize i said something until someone comes around the corner ... sounds like she might be ixtj to me . what do you mean by practical things and intuitive thoughts ? everyone can use all functions , it's just about what she uses more to determine type . how does ... i had a friend drag me to a yoga class five years ago . i remember i felt like it was silly and the poses were uncomfortable . well , duh they were uncomfortable . it's a workout . xd actually , i've ... i don't think it's fun to hate things . in fact , i can say i actually hate very few things . on the other hand , i do think it's fun to criticize things and pick them apart . it's a bad habit i ... if i ignore your test results , i want to say isfp because you sound like an isfp roommate i had , who was organized in work but messy at home . i can't really give specific examples beyond that , but ... i want to see if you can type my crush . whom i know very little about . doesn't have to be perfect ... guesses are good too . just for fun . xd about him : - kind of quiet and reserved . he's actually ... i agree . while they're often harder to meet in the first place , i like the understanding between introverts . also , i'm very often more attracted to people who are reserved and mysterious than i am to ... i have sympathy , sure . i try not to let it get carried away though . as much as i think i might understand , i tend to live my life on the principle of not assuming things about people . this means that ... it's hard to ever have someone be better than what you imagined based off of their internet profile . people are people - solid , weird , awkward , and imperfect . the way i get rid of awkwardness is ... i wouldn't go counting your chickens before they hatch . i've found that sometimes i feel like a sensor doesn't understand me , and then they'll say something that's extremely insightful about my ... girls : would you dare to ask a guy out ( on a date ) ? would you feel uncomfortable ? have you ever done it ? yes , yes , and yes . sometimes i just can't stand all the subtle nuances and hints and maybes ... i agree with what others have said . i'm a bit of a narcissist too , but at the same time i think quite lowly of myself . i think this just comes from the fact that i'm very concerned how i fit into the ... honestly , i've been attracted to all types before . i mean , not every single one , but a wide variety . estj , istp , esfp , enfp , infp , infj , entj , enfj . there's pros and cons to every type just like ... okay equinox . here's two ways people figure out their type ( if they find the test unsuitable ) . 1 . ) beat it out based on the letters . this can be easier but sometimes too shallow of an ... good answers . you all win the grand prize ... of being awesome ! i know that it's hard to answer , and therein stands one of the things that makes infjs so interesting . they are a blend of mercy and ... who hasn't had anything bad happen in the past ? there isn't anything astronomically tragic that i can think of though . i mean , our family has gone through a lot of dramatic stuff . she has nine ... agreed - i've seen that a lot as well . though , i've seen type superiority everywhere . it's in-group psychology . so my mom took the mbti test once through a facebook thing , and she got enfp . lately i've been doubting if that's her type , because she seems more ... well , i'm going to describe her first and see if ... pick one . i'm curious as to where infjs stand on this because i feel as if i'm on the fence most of the time . other types are welcome to share in the comments . :) it's okay , i wasn't offended or anything . sometimes i just go on tangents . don't mind me . : happy : i do this too . it's actually something that most people do . mirroring ( psychology ) - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think that our fe makes us especially sensitive to it . when i'm with ... this is a playlist i copied from 8tracks.com because that website only lets you play the list twice . it's songs i've been obsessed with lately . the theme is songs to listen to while staring at the ... http://coloradoblogging.com/cougar.gif i like to go on long runs in the woods , but when i go out too far from civilization , all i can think about is how no one would hear me scream if a mountain ... well , just because you're able to come to a decision doesn't mean that you necessarily use ni . this is why knowing fi / fe is important . ne will generate possibilities , and in your case your fi would ... i do it because i picked up a lot of my body language and habits from my dad , and he does it . however , i got caught in a couple of earthquakes last year and ever since then when people bounce ... you say you identify with infj thinking . i'm assuming that means you identify with some of the threads you read here ? i would be careful about using that to choose your type . it's easy to forget that ... i'm actually quite similar too . most of my ideas are inspired by outside influence or what others say . honestly , i don't know what an idea that was purely my creation would look like ... : confused : ... this happened to me and i wrote half of a book . then , halfway through i got some criticism from someone who read it that made me lose inspiration entirely . i know that i actually get creeped out by really strong fe . some people do it because they're genuinely friendly , but sometimes at first those people are hard to differentiate from the people who are ... i've been getting that feeling too ... i have to agree with paradigm . you seem way more isfj than infj to me . i'm actually pretty confused as to where everyone is seeing your ni ... you focus a lot on very specific , factual things you like ... '