' as i scanned through all the pictures , i saw yours and my heart leapt . they're very pretty ...   . any cute enfp girls around in socal ( i live 20-30 mins from disneyland ) that want to fall in love with a hopeless romantic infj , haha . =P i'm pretty sure my dad is an estj . my dad is a d-bag . i can't stand how he does things or how he treats people . so for me infj and estj is a big no-no ... it's interesting thinking about the distribution of love between a spouse and ones kids . i personally view it through the lens of my christian faith and my calling to be a pastor . because of ... okay , you may be right but my analogy still stands . if i were trying to get into peoples cars i'd go after the ones with the window down or the doors are unlocked . do you see what i'm getting at ? ... i think i agree with this guys point of view although not his method . let's take it to a different scenario . say you live in an area that has frequent situations where cars are broken into . ... i enjoy being in leadership mostly in areas that i feel competent in because i trust in my vision , strategy and abilities when i'm in leadership . if i'm not sure of what i'm doing , i can still do ... i'm fairly good at maintaining eye contact when i'm listening to what someone is saying . i think of it as a way to show that i'm engaged and listening . however , when i'm talking i tend to look ... haha , i remember doing this in high school as a sophmore or junior ( that was what , 6 or 7 years ago ? frick ! ) year and giving over 40 hugs . it was pretty sweet . i just wore a sign and went to ... this . fml . i've seen a common thread here in regards to this pairing , so i have to ask the question . how do infps want to be comforted / counseled ? i think this would be helpful to understand in order for an ... you say that like it's a bad thing or something ... : crazy : i've heard really great things from this pairing from a hand full of people here on the forum , some of which are in a happy marriage . unfortunately , i'm in a similar spot as metacog , except it's the ... please don't turn my thread into an apple vs whatever flame war . i love apple , but i love my service provider and how little it costs me to be with them , so i'm not going to switch to an iphone . ... yeah , i was going to say that doesn't do me much good if its for the iphone ... sent from my sph-d 700 using tapatalk i'm using tapa talk on my android phone and when i try to access a forum that is multiple layers deep like the infj forum within myers briggs and nf types it gives me an error . is this a known error ... i've typically heard from various enfj's that i know or have met that they prefer nf types . they tend to get along well with us infjs : happy : that last line makes me laugh because i have a friend or two that's totally down with that , haha . you aren't an enfj though ... op : i would say that all that enfj's that i know of are rather affectionate people . perhaps your desire to serve and what not fits into your love language . have ... typically it's the same time wherever you go because of where you are in the world . so it's 11:30 pm in ny and 11:30 pm in la , if that makes sense . i already saw a few yesterday night before peak time tonight . i bet you could see a few before 10:30 pm ! go check it out and see ! the annual perseids meteor shower is tomorrow ( thursday ) night ! typically it's best to view it from 11:30 pm - 5:00 am looking towards the north west . it is one of the biggest shows and is estimated ... the annual perseids meteor shower is tomorrow ( thursday ) night ! typically it's best to view it from 11:30 pm - 5:00 am looking towards the north west . it is one of the biggest shows and is estimated ... i think she used to grow them together with her friends back home and what not . i don't think she has been able to since she's been at school at the dorm , but now she move into a house right next to ... thanks for the feedback ! i think infjs and enfjs have a lot of the same humor and stuff . the wiener idea for a card is hilarious . i would die laughing , especially if it's from an enfj . you enfjs ... so i have this birthday gift idea for an enfj girl i like . her favorite flower is an amaryllis and i thought i would just get her something simple that ties in with that . i would actually buy the ... i just laughed out loud at this . i'm totally this way and i have no idea what to say . i just don't feel like anything interesting happened that day . if something awesome did happen , i'm pretty sure ... i'm surprised he waits till the last minute . maybe his j isn't as strong as yours ? just a thought ! haha i'm digging this thread . i have an enfj friend that has a birthday coming up in ... aw , thanks for the encouragement ! i really appreciate it ! writing is something that i really have a desire to do , i just fail at doing it , haha . the blog forces me to do so in a way . i'm a ... even if you tell them that you have feelings for them and they're not mutual ? could that change too ? do enfjs tend to have a very ideal picture of someone they have in mind / someone they have interest in and once they get to know them more , lose interest quickly ? i know infjs tend to like someone , ... wow , that sounds pretty spot on to me ! thanks for writing that all out . do you guys mind if i flip this question around ? - what if you , the enfj has a friend and he / she ends up liking you , but you weren't interested in that person at the time . how do you respond to ... oh , this thread was so enlightening ! i think i'm following , naturally doing all of those things in the lists of things enfjs need in a relationship . it's also reassuring to know that it's not ... i've always been a hopeless romantic . i can remember crazy obsessions and daydreams even when i was in elementary school . i have no idea how or why i'm that way or if it's a bad thing for me , but ... thanks for the tips ! i love you enfjs like no other . you're fantastic : laughing : i would agree with the stress leading to just barking orders lacking any personal connection or consideration . it's actually pretty shocking when it happens not only for others , but me as well . i ... i've definitely opened up to an enfj , a bit more and faster than i would normally feel comfortable doing , but in turn i think she's opened up to me quite fast . she's still holding back for sure ... how do you get them to open up and feel safe enough to share their feelings ? is it just time and that proving that you're trustworthy and safe ? i tend to make lists for the day / week so that i can cross it off and not feel overwhelmed . i could keep it all in my head , but i want to prevent forgetting or feeling overwhelmed . to visually see ... i don't have a problem sleeping in front of people at all . i used to take power naps at work in the break room for 15 mins . i loved having sleep overs when i was younger ( and now : crazy :) it's ... i don't know what that means . i posted in that thread too . i don't see why it's a terrible thing if i want to be part of the discussion . if anything i'm just bumping your thread to the top so it's ... the irony of your post and personality type ... : tongue : i sure do hope a lot of you guys ( well ... ladies ) get infj . i love enfjs ! have any of you guys checked out all those new old spice commercials ? those are hilarious ! i just love how random it all is . it's great . i got an infp , which is straight up wrong . all my interactions with infps have been rather , awkward , forced , etc . it requires a lot of work ... i really love enfjs and i like enfps . hi-larious i don't want to be a bummer or anything , but i have to say this . while you may act more mature than some adults ( i know this feeling ) you don't really know what it's like . i'm 24 now , and what i ... just thinking about this makes me realize that i'm a bit picky about my birthdays . if no one acknowledges it or does something for my birthday like spending time with me , going out for dinner / making ... mine is i'm gonna give all my secrets away ... i post regularly and i hope some of you would interact regularly as well ! '