' yeah . well the fantasy apparently is pretty hot in his mind based on my astute observations . and being an infp and all , fantasy goes with the territory . but he hasn't done anything inappropriate ... i'm not . but if i was , i wouldn't admit it . i miss the old infp crowd from a few months ago before the site shut down and magically reappeared . i wonder what happened to all those ' old ' infps . i much preferred this forum when there was a ... - - - * yawn * - - - data is not all it's cracked up to be . quick reply : as an intj , it's not so much that i'm misunderstood - it's that i don't want to be understood ( at least by just anyone ) . understood ? i scored 3 out of 40 . i've got my pathological tendencies . but i guess psychopath ain't one of them . never ... push is another one of my favorite songs . rob's comments regarding feminist charges of misogyny in the song lyrics is interesting at the beginning of the video . < object width = 480 ... yeah . i was going to say , if you are looking for an infp , see a therapist or psychiatrist . they are often infps . i dunno if that's appropriate either based on my experience . : frustrating : hmmm . i was thinking of getting a puppy after my divorce ... and a infp to go along with it . it might work . hahahahaha ! thanks for the feedback , linnifae . i'm out to lunch now ... i'll check back later to see if anyone responds . thanks for responding . i thought no one would . yeah . he does that too - he brings up stuff from looong ago . it freaks me ! it makes me believe that he reeealy cares about me . that freaks ... here are some lyrics . maybe not the best example because he repeats himself quite a bit . ever the same by rob thomas we were drawn from the weeds we were brave like soldiers falling down ... yeah . i've read a lot of his lyrics - he's very in touch emotionally ( as of course many singers / songwriters / artists ) are ... but there is something in his lyrics ( i don't have them in front of me - ... does anyone know or think that rob thomas is an enfp ? he's one of my favorite performers - very intense , emotional and soulful . what do you think ? hi infps - i was wondering if you've ever had the experience of someone ( an acquaintance , friend , lover ) who actually got mad at you or blamed you for knowing too much about them . intps are cool . my daughter is an intp . we get along famously . we're very much alike so it's easy for us to talk . since we're both introverted , we respect each others need for space . quick ... . you're kinda leaving out the image factor ( and well ... the intelligence factor , if i may be so bold ) which eliminates intj as a possibility . posted via mobile device think of it this way , a hug isn't the worst thing you can do to someone . i've done this a couple of times myself out of spontaneous happiness , joy and pleasure with being with someone . it's been ... i agree . the s and n are tricky . i wrote my post and then reconsidered ... is arnold really an nf ? or more of an sj or sp . maybe not nf because he's extremely macho . i also wouldn't think he's ... arnold is not an intj . he's not intellectual in the least bit . he's extremely concerned with image . i'd say he is an enfj type 3 enneagram ( social ) . his presentation of self is not unlike brooke ... any type is capable of being selfish . intjs are not any more selfish as a group than any other group . i've never heard of the selfish stereotype . however , i would generally say that intjs are not ... i ran track in high school . i think i'm more drawn towards individual competition than team sports . i'm very individualistic and competitive against myself rather than others . i don't care so much ... i experience the same thing . i cannot do small talk . it's not just an infp thing . posted via mobile device naaa ... infps are not going to come over here . we're safe from the wrath of the infp . they're more afraid of us than we are of them . and we ( intjs ) are far more interested in them than the infp is ... tori amos rocks ! best in concert . how many people can play piano and organ simultaneously in addition to singing ? i just had a new insight on your comment . i think you are wrong about intjs which may relate to your mother . intjs consider what they think to be all the information before making a decision ... intjs do not change their mind about many things - especially if they're conservative . you said that this is a very important issue . but why does your mother have to agree with you ? knowing ... that's kinda sad . i'm in the same boat . but you're younger than i . from my perspective you've got plenty of time . good luck . . i agree . some nts just like to hear themselves argue and establish intellectual dominance . they're not trying to resolve anything . my entp husband who works in biotech it is like that . he has ... this is hillarious and so true . posted via mobile device nt men will always try to make you appear stupid and inferior . nt men can be extremely insecure ( as are many men ) . nt men often mask this insecurity with their intellectual bravado . i can't speak to ... no . it just looks like where this thread is going . my intention of posting was to get unto the head of an infp . i'm curious about what goes on in the mind of an infp when they're daydreaming . what ... maybe they just don't know you very well . one must be perceptive to figure these things out . maybe when an infp feels comfortable they let it loose ? i dunno . i have the same problem . posted via ... ha ha ha ! i listened to depeche mode in high school . i even went to their concert . they were horrible in concert ! the synthesized music just doesn't translate well live . my daughter now listens to ... what would u like to have learned to prepare u for the real world ? posted via mobile device sorry ... i'm having problems posting in mobile format . there's nothing i could have learned to prepare ... posted via mobile device . true . emotions are easier to identify and express as you get older . it's a healthy thing . it means that you are beginning to integrate your thinking and emotional sides . it can come as some ... what i like about myself ? what are my good points ? i care . i care about others and i'm passionate about ideas . i'm strange . i'm different . i'm not like everyone else . i have a dark sense of humor ... resistance is futile . you will be assimilated . ( star trek the next generation ) hmmm . intjs can relate to this one ... posted via mobile device the heart has reasons for which reason knows nothing . ( goethe or pascale ? ) well i'm sure none of the intjs are going to like this one ... posted via mobile device yeah ... that's interesting . i read your responses to the rescue post . it makes more sense now . i can see how the attitudes towards dating , romance , sexuality ( and relationships ) in general can be ... this is funny ! i didn't realize ( until recently ) that infps could be kinky behind the calm exterior . the infp i know comes across as innocent but he really is not . random - you seem so ' out ... yeah ... that sounds pretty infpish . waiting for the right moment ... but when exactly is the right moment ? or is it just fear of rejection or not getting it right or fear that reality won't be as ... posted via mobile device i really don't like being an intj :( posted via mobile device i agree with snail completely - especially the iq part ( read stephen gould's mismeasure of man if you want to know how these arguments are ' rationalized ' ) any book on the eugenics movement would ... posted via mobile device '