awww , i was in the exact same position a couple years ago so i know how hard it is ! you will get back up on your feet but it might take awhile . it kills me not to have a long-term plan too . i agree ... i scored a 70 . not sure why it was that high because i am fundamentally ambivalent about machiavelli . reading the prince , it occurred to me that although machiavelli is right about a lot of things , ... to be honest i think you might be an isfj . not because infjs can't be good with details - although i do think an infj would only be concerned with details because they are important to understanding ... i'm very aware of aesthetics but i can't really say i care much about my own appearance . it seems like a waste of time i could be spending doing something else . maybe later in life i will see more ... double post . when i experience conflict with someone i will usually avoid it for awhile . then eventually it will become too much and i will explode at the person . i actually think being stressed makes it more ... i like a lot of european movies which are obscure in america but i'm not sure they're obscure by european standards . i love french new wave but that stuff is pretty well known i suppose . my favorite ... i agree that she could be an esfp . i have been friends with unhealthy efps before and it can be difficult with either type . their behavior tends to be self-destructive . healthy efps are great though ... i would love it if my accomplishments were widely known . i don't want to be famous for who i am as a person . i don't even like people learning too much about me . in an ideal world everyone would know ... awww i hope you feel better soon . being depressed is really rough , i know that from personal experience . when i feel myself getting depressed i try to stay busy . it's harder for me to be depressed ... bridesmaids and when harry met sally are my favorites . i also enjoy older movies like bringing up baby . i have to say , that does sound more fi . fjs are usually responsive to the emotions around them . i know i am - i can't see someone crying without wanting to comfort the person . that said , everyone is ... so far i've dated intjs but i'd also date an entj . basically ntjs are my type . i find the te to be helpful , and as ns they have creative minds . entps are just too flighty and i could never truly ... i have a master number . :) 22 . i don't know much about numerology other than that though . i love enfps ! they're fun to be around and have all kinds of interesting ideas . i suppose some of them can be flaky , but it's not a universal trait . i wouldn't date an enfp though , they're not my ... i'm fairly ambitious , actually , and i like winning . not that there's anything wrong with being less ambitious . :) i think most of the traits you are describing are ones that ennea 3s have . if you ... i find all the republicans to be 100 % repugnant , except kasich , and i still wouldn't vote for him . i suppose it's unsurprising that i feel this way given that i am a registered democrat and thus not ... i'm in my mind a lot , like to the point where it distracts me from doing other things . if i have nothing else to do i can literally spend an hour or more lost in thought , just staring off into space ... i love cookies ! although i do prefer cake , pie , and brownies . but i love pretty much all sweets . if you're worried about the junk that is in store-bought cookies ( like palm oil ) , you can always make ... i have known several entjs . some of them were assholes to be honest but one of them i was good friends with in college . we got along very well for the most part , although he didn't always appreciate ... for me touch is # 3 ... quality time is # 1 and words of affirmation are # 2 . can't remember whether service or gifts was 4th or 5th but neither are how i prefer to express or receive love . that said , i ... i'm sorry your ex-girlfriend doorslamed you so suddenly . it was immature of her not to give your more closure . that said , i would love to hear her side of the story . i dated an intj for more than ... i'd probably be on my phone instead of reading unless i was planning on staying at least a half hour . sometimes i don't like to read in public because it feels like such a private activity . it really ... the one intp i've been close to did not make me feel clingy . my intj ex kinda did though , at least until i learned to back off a little . i don't think i am very clingy in friendships most of the time ... i generally like infps . my mom's an infp and we usually get along well . i've had a few friends who were infps too and i found it relatively easy to relate to them . i do get along even better with ... i'd want to be an intj and the runner-up would be entj . also , any kind of fp would be fine . i'd rather be an infj though ! as i'm sure would most of us . i'm a 4w3 and an infj . i think 4s who are infjs tend to be more fpish . there's a reason most 4s are fps , although there are certainly plenty of infj 4s . i think i am unusually self-absorbed for an ... for me i mostly practice my se by being aware of aesthetics . i love art and beautiful things in general . i also bake a lot so you could try that , or cooking . it's very much an se experience . sports ... there's really no need to go on the defense . i thought i made it clear i wasn't and am not trying to attack you . it was obvious you were speaking from your limited experience - i was trying to expand ... i want kids , two of them . i'm not ready yet though , not nearly , even though i'll be 30 in a year . so i think i'll be having kids late in life . i know there will be a lot of sacrifice involved but i ... i don't know maybe i'm the only one but i don't feel this way . i think i'm generally pretty good at selling people on my ideas actually , i use my fe . i'm also in my late 20s though , so i have more ... i think i use all four of my cognitive functions , but especially ni and ti . that's interesting . personally as an infj i don't ever use si . :) see , i do care that most of the ennea descriptions are negative . i think it makes it difficult to use ennea to improve yourself . also , i think the descriptions of 4s are extra negative . how is anyone ... infj here . i used to narrate my life from first-person pov as i was living it back when i was a kid all the time and i still do sometimes . i'm not sure it has much with type , i think it has more to ... infj . progressive democrat . very liberal when it comes to domestic policy and especially social issues , slightly less liberal when it comes to foreign policy . do you know her enneagram type ? she sounds like a somewhat unhealthy 2 . you might want to look into that . it could be more helpful than myers-briggs . i am very empathetic and i feel horrible for ... i'm not sure i can upload a picture because my books aren't really in one place at this point but i have a ton of them ! partly because i have trouble getting rid of books and partly because i can't ... i agree that the description of 4w3s are quite negative ! i definitely think it is possible to be a healthy 4w3 . personally i feel that an evolved person of our type is not so wrapped up in themselves ... i think infjs that are bad in bed need to work on their se . also , it sounds like you don't have much chemistry with your girlfriend and that you two aren't sexually compatible , even if she's hot ... awww , you guys are cute ! obviously you are not an entirely unbiased source but it does seem like she likes you . my advice it to wait a little while but not too long before making a move . she just got ... sure ! i should have in my first post . i believe that some of my emotions are irrational . for example , someone says something that's not intended to be hurtful but i take it that way . this happens ... i can be explosive in arguments . i wouldn't say i have a ton of them though , and most are with family members . i do get passionate about things so sometimes i rant , usually about political stuff . i ... i believe that emotions are not always irrational , but they can be , and there's nothing wrong with that . however , we privilege the rational over the irrational in our society so generally when people ... i'm an infj 4w3 sx / sp too ... so yeah , we exist . i'm sure there are more 4w5 infjs though . i actually think 4s are more likely to be fps than fjs in general . being a 4 and using fe can be odd at times . honestly , i think you should see a therapist . it seems like you could use someone to talk to . don't settle for the first therapist you see ; find a good one that can really help you . also , i know this ... yeah , i definitely look at amazon reviews pretty closely before i buy something . this is especially true of kitchen stuff ( i bake a lot ) . with books it is less helpful as everyone's taste is ... first of all , i do have a lot of sympathy for your situation . you shouldn't be with this guy though . a big part of your problem is you think you can't do any better when in fact i'm sure you can ... i don't think there are many things that would make me turn to a life of crime . i think if a person wronged me or killed someone i care about and the authorities didn't address it i might take ... it would actually be great to have someone to chat with in french ! that would definitely help in a way duolingo cannot . you may be more advanced than me though . but if you really do want to let me ... personally i really like intps ! one my oldest friends is an intp and we get along really well . i like the combination of ti and ne ; the only thing that bugs me is si . that's my least favorite ...