' he's still a moron . ended with a disaster . young ones are too bulletproof . how something is clear to me , but others just can't understand ... joey - infp dee dee - enfp johnny - istj been there , done that . it's great school of social skills . infps don't find relationships , relationships find infps . sag , so hey ho , let's go ! - that's how it is . he was a moron . that's what i thought back when i was seventeen and unaware that i'm infp . and i still think he is one and should not be praised as a role model or whatever . plus he was a gay - he ... possible ? how ? rule number one and only : be yourself and the right girl will come to you out of blue . someday . touch me from wrong place - i'm tough . it is my pleasure to do so if someone pisses me really off on personal level . yeah , i remember how my entj ex forgot about me every single party we attended and how pissed off i was later . for her it was jelaousy of course . but since we came from different backgrounds altough ... i do repeat my question ! i mean i feel ignored and alone with it ... i've been mistyped as istj when i'm in charge . of enfp when with my close ones and having a good time . but yeah , as an infp approahing to 30 and having a meaningful career ( with almost non-excistant ... i'd like to fucking finally ask : when shall we discuss about adding joey ramone of the ramones and mike ness from social distortion to our famous infp list ? i mean you don't know either of them ? hi folks has anyone of you ever been into practicing tai chi ? when ? how did you got into it ? how did it worked on you ? and if it didn't or you quit , then why ? i'm asking because i've tried it twice ... joey ramone ? mike ness ? get an istj role model if you wanna get things done :D 1 . ) what are your initials ? mn 2 . ) country you live ? somewhere between heaven and hell . 3 . ) age ? 28 . 4 . ) girl or boy ? at the moment ' til the last verse : reach for the sky ( mike ness , social distortion ) when i was young i was invincible , i find myself now thinking twice , i never thought about no future , its ... i'm on my late 20s . i've never had much luck with the girls . my last and longest relationships ( with an entj ) lasted about ten months . i'm tired of all those pointless bitches or hens around . and my ... well , i think that when it comes down to the relationships , infps are usually into close the door for good concept with their ex-es . i know i am . when i was in a relationship with entj , that caused ... it's like driving at least 100 miles per hour all the time . emotionally . 1 ) describe your parents in one word each . - dad - chill - mom - boss 2 ) choose one : - significant other 3 ) which statement do you most agree with : - extramarital affairs are wrong . 4 ) choose ... tj vs fp in conflict is tough . well , here are some hints i've been using to type people : i's are comfortable and truly open with 1:1 settings and don't let you close til ... e's forget you right when you're attending to a big ... been there , done that . dont reccomend for a long term . especially with the age gap . they can tear you apart easily if they wanna . but at its best it great the happy beginning . i've been always subcounciously choosing . over the years ( due traumas ) more and more carefully . what about infj with strong e or intp with strong f or entj with strong i or f ? life begins when you'vr got your own independent lifestyle . well folks . regular pothead , done shrooms once and now had a chance to try either salvia or dmt . chose salvia , didn't work . then dmt , nothing either . it was like getting started , like a car when you ... been a punk and somewhat still am . but even among punks it was more about being a metapunk . being dirrerent among the already different ones . like digging ramones instead of sex pistols for example ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DWMGv2_L2o do you like to express yourself through what you wear ? is it important to you ? - yes . and since i'm a music fan i express my taste thru my band shirts . i mean motörhead's logo is cool , but i ... entj is like peeing in your pants . especially if she / he is more immature or mature than you . similar values on the really important things and similar subcultural background . pluss some extras . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh8zcbC_Dcw hell of the match in bed , but otherwise it's like peeing in your pants . something wet and warm turns to something stinking and cold . attack my values or don't be up to the situation and i'll be your loving estj . or istj . depends . i can relate , but time tells who are your friends . i mean i do and have been doing a lot of shifting between people and groups , but i do have real friends . last night i spent a night talking with one ... entj + infp - power struggle ; tension can become romantic if individuals are mature & can use tension to promote growth . it's true . so true . struggle starts right when the first romantic heat ... i'm the tough one when it comes down to work ethics . i'm a culture journalist in a daily paper . editorial and ad agency are top two most stressful workplaces , btw . but i'm tough only on my own ... i mean i'm too hooked on pot now due that . keeps the darkness away . i just want to have something to do ... hi folks , a line after the work - void , i mean how much vodka can you drink ? from a book compromise by soviet-american author sergei dovlatov gave me a concept of an infp in void . i mean ... dubstep is a whole music genre ? i thought it was just one long-long song . and how to move on after the mutual break-up ? case is that my infp core values have been hurt . me and my entj broke up yesterday . at the end we were just bringing up each others worst qualities . since entj and infp are so similiar in general approach and wiev how the things should be and if ... i'm having some hard times with my entj girlfriend now . i'm infp of course . we both clicked from the very moment and despite our nine years age gap ( 18 , 27 ) we've been doing fine . we're both living ... i'm having some hard times with my entj girlfriend now . i'm infp of course . we both clicked from the very moment and despite our nine years age gap ( 18 , 27 ) we've been doing fine . we're both living ... '