' any of my fellow istp's dated anyone or been friends with someone with a schizoid personality before ? i'm curious as how the dynamic works as im currently talking to someone who might be a future ... dont know what country your in , but since you already have an engineering background ... doing ground level work on the railways is very enjoyable for me . outdoors , no bosses around looking over your ... yeh pretty much describes every relationship iv ever had . im am apprentice for the uk rail industry , a nice mixture of mechanical and electronics , maintainance faulting and renewal works . i get to work outside in all weathers and at all times of day then ... why am i sick ? i don't get sick , grr . beer and sleep , then i'm good . alcohol . nope i was wrong he bores me to tears . yes it took me ... almost 5 months to realize . i have searched around for threads about istp-isfj interaction and found relatively little . ill attempt to keep this brief , ill describe the current circumstances here and my query in the mext ... been dating an isfj for about 3 weeks now , and i have to say my tiny black heart might be twitching just a little . http://i.imgur.com/y9HL1qD.jpg drunk parties im always dead social for a while when i'm pissed , then i have as semi sobre moment of clarity of , what the fuck am i doing here . just when i think maybe im getting romantic and in need of a serious relationship ... oh no i was just horny , go away now your breathing my air , tatty byes . i dont think iv been capable of crying for about 10 years . i really must drink more . it gives me a superficial personality . it seems every time i start a relationship , i get bored after a few weeks , and the other person always seems to get too attached too quickly which weirds me out then i walk away . we are an island . peanut butter porridge is heavenly . that is all . so i just a 5k in 25:17 , having done no running whatsoever in well over 12 months , and no exercise other than cycling half a mile to work each day at a sedate pace . body i love you . cant wait to get ... im currently cleaning the house a bit because my housemate is out and im in a good mood . if she so much as mentions it though it wont happen again for several weeks , she has no idea this is how i ... with my housemate its you need to ... no i really dont . ask me politely or nothing happens . and leaving the mop and bucket suggestivly in the kitchen is a guaranteed way for me not to mop it . http://weknowmemes.com/generator/uploads/generated/g1370467419365946910.jpg dont read too much into the descriptions . afterall the mtbi types dont really exist , you just happen to have a number of traits that fit vaguely into this catagory that somone made up as a way to ... constantly , i mostly think by speaking and debating to myself in my own mind . even ask myself questions then answer them as if it were a two way conversation . ( im not saying i hear other voices ... holy god i love extra mature chedder , especially grated nothing quite like a closed poll thread to stop voices disagreeing with you is there , neatness indeed pfft . i have voted . however could we have a ' keep things exactly as they are ' option ? there's nothing in the stickies i particularly dont want passing traffic to see . what i think our collective istp silence is trying to communicate telepathically is , please dont touch our stickies . you know when somone else cleans up your house and you cant find a damn thing ... ok that date thing . well movie is now off the table probably due to the distance we live apart , but we have been talking an aweful lot over text and i do like the guy . on sunday will hear his voice ... so texting with this fellow was going well , but he's just started signing off with 5 kisses , 5 . that looks like this ; xxx . in my mind that just looks like far too many . i shall be firmly ... well shit that was fast , got a date . only a movie but still . ahh shit i'm using a dating website , well here goes . shoot me . well it feels official that i am a robot , i thought rollercoasters were meant to excite adrenoline , bleh . i just permanently changed classes to a class where there are a couple of people whom , by worrying about every test actually revise together , which makes me revise too . which i think has improved my ... many excellent things have happened today . tonight i eat drink and be merry . today is a good day to die . they actually find your nervous worrying adorable and a little sexy , to the point of wanting to give you a calming hug . we don't do that for many people . my 37 year old housemate says dude . its like a mother trying to sound cool , makes me cringe . getting a book for a friend as a housewarming gift , only paperback available , in manchester . no problem i though i'll get a train . replacement busses . 2 hours to get about 25 miles . then 2 hours ... two hours into today's shift nothing to do but rub elbows with my coworkers ... i have nothing humerus to say . fucked with work , today i cannot be . get tired of yoda speak never will i . this one for example . http://www.andersonbradshaw.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/1200x1200/5e06319eda06f020e43594a9c230972d/w/3/w3htb/w3-tudor-wardrobe-30.jpg i love a multifunctional ... actually thinking about it , i don't believe i have enough shoes . i could use at least two more pairs of vans . and if i had the cash i would literally go out and gleefully buy a new wardrobe . good ... shit forgot my clippy cycling shoes , make it 13 . welcome to the istp shoe list thread . coming up soon a full inventory of our sock draws . a pair of brown suede shoes , pointy black dress shoes , 2 pairs of running shoes , 3 pairs of walking boots , and 2 pairs of vans . then the three work boots . suffice to say the pointy black dress shoes ... i have in total 12 pairs of shoes . 6 of which are walking or work boots . i make a weird queer . my ' goal ' if you can call it that , is to take life easy and be content with myself . for example my job has the potential to earn a significant amount of money from overtime , however from observing ... nb : must also learn to sew . sitting around at work and procrastinating i got thinking about my hiking and camping , and how awesome it would be to have a small one person bothy bag that could also double as a one person tarp . ... electrical impedance , urg . curse you arthur e . kennelly . agree with ik3 and its just another day . i'll make no effort for your birthday and i expect you to make no effort for mine . same goes for christmas . '