' do it . what a joke ! i do this easily with just my common man's function stack ! - loned and butthurt istj to destroy my destroyer better referencing would have helped.understanding the archetypes involving the eight functions of type ( beebe model ) i don't understand ni but i can't antagonize it as an enigma . i often try to ... i was playful and liked to look at encyclopedias . i didn't have much of structure but was also under-stimulated . none of those 15 things really describe how i saw myself . m have anything better than a generic how happy are you quiz to compare : tongue : ? i got 51 % because it just balanced out oh so boringly :d ry : . i'm an istj who tries to keeps biases in mind for the dynamics . i never plan for anything personal and rarely do for others . i think group mentality has considerable flaws . i sometimes enjoy ... sensor teens seem more reflective of their subcultures i assume . ( i'm a senior in hs currently ) i personally am a loner who naturally wears critical body language and eats a lot of a proper meal at ... in my mind you have already sealed the deal for istj ; even though i don't completely relate to you . here are some common istj traits istj - jung type descriptions ... personality disorder test - personality test istj results if curious disorder | rating paranoid : low schizoid : high schizotypal : high antisocial : low reading the op i had a strong impression that you were a tj . looking at the functions i would say that you are most likely an istj . istjs on this sight tend to score high on ti and have varying fi ... 76 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfrWchX5rAU i can't seem to word my fi at all : blushed : . it's like self-preservation and aloof when on the defensive . beebe's model if i weren't so literal and contented , i could easily mistake myself ... since nobody else seems to care i think i'll look it up : tongue : .  ... what if it were already reality ? who is to say for sure that you are the same consciousness as you were yesterday ? it ... zzz all the yawning is making me tired image 1 : b - 2 same shapes ( shame sapes ) were unshaded and the shaded shape did not have another similar shape image 2 : d - by stacking 2 vertical blocks you get a 2x4 grid and 2 of each 8 pieces ... i-it's not like i like wanted to be hugged or anything ! http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y119/godan777/shana.jpg is this creature an istj or a estj ? frieza - entj http://fc06.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2013/102/a/5/hataraku_maou_sama_by_greenteaneko-d61eyow.jpgMaou sadao ( guy riding the bike ) - i'm not sure but he's out to conquer the world : crazy : i guess i'll stop being child when the luxury of the internet is no longer available ... or you could find me irl being a snarky errand boy if you consider that non-child-like . it's funny , i don't even consider physical stuff a part of my sensori-ness . i experience si as almost auto-piloty : tongue : . isfps are cool too you se users : wink : . https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQHC1Ib4-0DpP66LXl2R8xMskyc3hS5IXzzl-bk8q8lxY0n7DeQoAhttps://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ-BTUlSQZzN6RV7XCcc_PanSeGtbIwIzveFm3IuB ... i'll be ruthless since i am not enough in my ( personally biased and incomplete ) experiences i once read a page from one of dr phil's books ( enfj ) . it grated upon my ears : mellow : . esfjs like to play ... beard ? istp : laughing : hell no yusuke-estp ( shonen mcs tend to be se doms ) hiei-ixtj ( prob s ) genkai-extj i'm curious to know what what you guys have to say about the senses ! i personally trust taste the most because there is no fooling the tongue . : tongue : isfj dad wants me to conform to distasteful ethnic culture : angry : xsfp mom wants me to get lots of moneys or become an evangelist : mellow : i'm thinking estj : laughing : . i idealize someone who is self sufficient but secretly vulnerable . also i need someone who can boss my lazy butt around . sx / sp 9w1 this typewingstack embodies the passion of sloth very well . istjs get things done : laughing : were i to be cloned but unaware ... what do you see ? i see an aloof prick who is either lazy or incompetent . would you want to be friends with this person ( aka yourself ) ? not really . he seems ... when your enneagram is 9w1 sx / sp how can i more fluently express myself ? i tend to be vague and ineloquent when forced to write . you guys are crazy ! : shocked : as an istj ( maybe just a lazy one ) with possible add i have an odd relationship with my ne . i would rather have an adventurous intuitive or se dom as a partner so i can ... [ invalidoperationexception : executenonquery requires an open and available connection . the connection's current state is closed . ] system.data.odbc . odbcconnection . setstateexecuting ( string method , ... hello , istj here when snakes are born with two heads , they fight each other for food . :d ry : i'm quite blundersome on the internet . gender : m age : 17 interests : food and health ( im ... '