' most of the ones i've known have been patronizing , callous , and abrasive . she was no exception . are you kidding me ? i had to work very closely with an intj and she was nothing but a stone cold bitch . i've never known intjs to think highly of infps . ever . careers that i have completely ruled out : anything involving retail and / or customer service . i worked a retail job when i was in high school since those jobs are basically the only ones available to ... you need to just get over it . interesting ... i am interested in the esfj / infj combination . i've only ever seen it with my parents . mom is esfj and dad is infj . they have been together for nearly 40 years . at this point , i ... it's mostly used for exchanging naked pictures . sometimes it's used for sending weird faces to your friends . but mostly it's used for naked pictures . nopenopenopenope any of the xxfps , really ... ahhh you said it perfectly ! i don't think that i could be a stay-at-home-mom . i have nothing against it , but i personally feel like i would go crazy . i want kids and i like kids , but being with them 24/7 ? um , no . that's just ... it depends on how close i am with them . i am much more willing to put up with esfj-ness from my mother and best friend than i am from the esfj i was partnered up with for a group project . in the ... i have to wake up at 5:00 a . m . every day . my makeup routine mainly consists of foundation and mascara . when i am able to sleep in , i usually wear a little more than that . it doesn't matter to me ... this is perfect ! ! ! my fi is a six year-old girl , running around crying and begging people to validate her emotions . i'm not saying that i'm obsessed , i'm just saying that i fall in love with every single one i meet ... 1 . do you enjoy driving ? why or why not ? i don't not enjoy it . it's just a way for me to get from one place to another , nothing else . 2 . do you tend to be more patient or irritable behind the ... this made me smile . i admire your outlook . :) yep . i've always been a goal-oriented person . i love having goals and dreaming about what it would be like to achieve them . my goals are usually very general , though . i don't have a five year plan ... as an infp , has being low maintenance in relationships a good or bad thing for you in your experience ? it's been good , i guess . low maintenance could mean a lot of different things , though . i ... find new music in whatever genre is your favorite . you wouldn't think that it would be so therapeutic , but it really is . i recommend a subscription to spotify or itunes music or some other streaming ... yes yes yes yes yes yes yes . yes to all of that . i love how you called referred to it as violent love and delicate love . i think that's perfect . if i ever feel violently in love with ... most happy : i just discovered amazing new music that i can literally listen to all day without getting sick of . it's october , which means the leaves are changing and it's starting to get cold enough ... from what i can see , he doesn't have an abnormally large amount of female friends . i've seen him interact with other girls , but it just seems friendly , not flirty ... there aren't any girls that i ... there is this guy that i met a few months ago , and i am fairly certain he is an isfp . i've had feelings for him for a couple of weeks now , and i have done everything i can to demonstrate it ... haha ! i do the exact same thing ! unless i'm just in a really good or friendly mood , i don't respond . and yes , it is rude . but you know what else is rude ? asking people stupid questions and ... nope , you're not evil . you just don't like putting on a fake smile and pretending to be something you're not . this is a good thing . i got eii - infj ... which i think in socionics is infp ? ? ? yeah ... it seems like your dog is the main cause of it lol . i remember as a kid , i would beg people to let me play with their dog , whether i knew them or not . and it was just because i loved animals ... i like giving gifts better than receiving them . it's so much more fun . i put a lot of thought into the gifts i get for people . i usually think , what do they like ? what are they interested in ? ... a good smile is usually what attracts me first . this does not mean that the guy has to have perfect teeth , mind you . i have a thing for blue eyes . i don't have a preference for body type . i've ... the limbic infp sounds exactly like me ... i agree it's unhealthy . i think it's just an inferior te thing though . i tend to avoid confrontation as much as possible until i just can't take it anymore . then my frustration comes out in angry te ... i have never understood this type of thinking . if i ever bite at someone , it's because i want them to leave me alone . it only pisses me off more when they bite back . most of the ones i've met can be condescending . sometimes i feel like i'm being looked down upon because of how idealistic i can be , or because of how sensitive i am . i guess it's like you said ... entjs scare me . : unsure : i tend to stray away . i flirt by accident all the time . i have a hard time walking the line between being just being nice and making someone think i'm interested in them . it's just that people always tell me that ... it really upsets me when i really want 2 people to be together and some random guy / girl has to come between them just for the sake of creating drama . why can't all my fictional ships just be ... okay , this i can relate to . i don't have road rage , but i do get extremely irritated by slow drivers . stupid drivers , not so much . because x97 let's be honest x97 my driving record is definitely not the ... i've started noticing that i rarely get angry about things anymore . when things go wrong , i feel hurt and disappointed but very rarely angry . when i hold grudges against people , they assume it's ... the answer is simple . when infps set their minds to something , they are unstoppable . the resilience comes from our personal convictions and values , which usually includes perseverance that is rarely ... here is a piece of advice that i believe everyone can learn from : do not base your self-esteem on the opinions of people from the internet . these people do not know you , your life , your values , or ... i don't really understand ni , much less use it . i prefer ne . when under stress , i start acting like a tj , not an nj . estps usually make me feel suicidal if that's what you mean . yup . i totally agree , except i don't really get lazy about taking care of them . i just get annoyed and irritated . once a person — male or female — reaches a certain age , they need to be able to ... i draw the line at 5 - 6 years haha . anything older than that and it would just be ... weird . i've never dated someone younger than me , and i don't think i ever could . i just get so frustrated with the immaturity and thoughtlessness . i always feel like i'm playing the role of ' mom ' to them . i ... i actually liked school up until my junior year . the last 2 years of high school were terrible , but not because of bullying . nearly all of my friends moved away / found other people to hang out ... i'm curious about a lot of things in this world but intjs aint one of em . well ... to quote the perks of being a wallflower , we accept the love we think we deserve . i prefer the sincerely nice guys who tell me exactly how they feel and are usually the chasers . period . i am going to be 100 % honest . the bad boy types are attractive . but they are only ... '