' hello everyone : i have started an mbti meetup social group in victoria , bc . i have a few people interested so far . however , i would like to get more folks interested before planning an event ... you are a type 5 with a 6 wing : the scientist your trifix is 5w6 , 9w1 , 3w4 . in enneagram theory , you have one type for how you relate to the world ( either 8 , 9 , or 1 ) , one type for how you ... here is my $ 0.02 : 1 ) figure out what fields you are interested in . don't let other people try to sway you with their opinions . 2 ) once you figure out what fields you think you will like , come ... if i could hazard a guess , you just haven't figured out what kind of art you want to do . there are so many things that you can do , but you have to find your niche . here are a few pictures that i have acquired . my apartment feels so much more alive with some artwork in it lol 7732377324 7732577326 77327 the majority of the time , people say that i look lost or confused . the fact is that when i am observing something , i make a squint similar to clint eastwood's . a handful of people have said that i ... administrative work of any kind . office space anyone ? http://www.redstaplerchronicles.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/01/milton.jpg there was a guy i went through boot camp with that was like that . very annoying to say the least . mentally , i think istp's are stronger . working out and getting in shape makes things easier ... what kind of driver are you ? are you cautious ? fast ? cautious and fast . aggressive ? kind ? most of the time i am kind , but i can really lose my temper during rush hour when i'm ... i buy for the long haul as opposed to day trading . here is the strategy i use : first , i made a list of the things i am passionate about . after making this list , i figured out who the players were ... are there any istp's that live in bc , near victoria ? multi-tool scuba gear any automotive tool any machining tool firearms knives cooking tools i don't really have a favourite tool . its more about what i accomplish with them . i feel right at home when i go to the auto hobby club on my base . i also got my open water scuba certification and found scuba to be a welcoming environment as well . its technical and has an element ... like erbse mentioned , i want to see all the cards before doing anything . so that would be a no to a one nighter . a friend with benefits seems more appealing to me . not sure if i will be single for the rest of my life . if that is how it turns out , then its cool . i've managed for the past 26 years . i have also gotten to the point where i am tired of searching and ... laptop - i doubt i will ever go back to a desktop ranger with a manual shift - more fun than driving an automatic . flip a coin or play eny meny miny mo :) i don't start fights , but i've finished a couple of them . my best friend thinks that he is an intp . yes that show crossed so many lines back in the day : men degrading women and women degrading men lol i fell in love with the show after seeing the season 8 episode how green was my apple . i find ... trailer park boys married with children nash bridges miami vice castle wings home improvement seinfeld discovery tlc 1 ) my ideal jobs would be a power utility lineman , explosive rigger for demolition , or other construction related job . enough danger to keep me on my toes . these jobs also have an element of ... usually i start to feel a little uncomfortable when someone i don't know asks me one unrelated question after another . this is especially true when there is no pause between my answer and the next ... i always want to be happy and not take myself too seriously . i want to have more fun with my life . a big bonus would be the ability to share the happiness and fun in a relationship . i think peta wilson would be a good example . maybe its just the australian accent . her demeanor seems very istpish to me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7SPaTSHsDM ... http://imgace.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/sean-connery-id-give-a-fuck-but-i-already-gave-it-to-your-mother-last-night.jpg i second this ... my parents started doing that to me when i was in 5th grade ( 17 years ago ) . i'm sure they had good intentions , but they ended up doing more harm than good . living away from family ... @ and this is a big one she always wants things to happen faster than they do , and she feels weird and worries a lot about things . she wants her life to go planned . @ she loves learning new ... here are a few : curious quiet observer realist adventuous so what is it about being a mercenary or spy that appeals to you ? i talk slow and my voice is somewhat gravelly . when i am in deep thought ( often ) , i have the ' deer looking into headlights ' look . put all these together , and you could easily mistake me for being ... sometimes i can act like an intp . i am interested in theories in addition to thinking about the future . i wouldn't be surprised if i came off as istj to some as well . there are some days where i ... i don't usually have a problem making eye contact with people . if i am having a conversation with someone , i can get distracted by things going on in the background . this is a bad habit that i am ... when i was 15 , i sleep walked into my brother's bedroom in the middle of the night and pissed on him . true story likewise , i am more upbeat and outgoing when hanging out with good friends . will you marry me ? xd answer to the op question : if there is something that interests you so much that you stay up till 3am reading about it , you should consider it as a career goal . i've done ... i wouldn't consider myself an alpha male . if i was ordered to lead a group of people in a job , i would do it to the best of my ability . if i had a choice , i would turn down the role . + 1 a couple of years ago when i was working for a corporate security company , i was in a similar circumstance to dj . initially i liked the people i worked with . most of them moved on though , and i ... too late was probably a bad choice of words . what i meant was when a guy becomes so involved with a woman that he sub-consciously forgets about his own life , interests , and friends . ^ good poem . i didn't understand some parts but i think i get the main idea of it . if a woman told me she was inexperienced , i wouldn't hold it against her . i would really appreciate it . i can ... i learned a lot from my brother's ex-girlfriend . sometimes she would come home from work and say that she thought someone was stalking her and that she didn't feel safe . my brother would help her out ... if this isn't istp ingenuity , i don't know what is lmao http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_BUS-58inVjc/TCPR-Y2wLiI/AAAGw/enlUodzO8Co/s1600/Kerry-King.jpg i walk around with a poker face most of the time . people sometimes ask if i'm upset or angry and try to force a smile out of me . usually i just brush it off and move on with my day . if i force a ... jerry seinfeld ( and everyone in the show as well ) george carlin russell peters i'm a bit confused too haha . as long as darks and colours are separated from the white , who gives a s * * * ? i don't have a specific way of cleaning things . i just get it done and move on with my ... i have learned a lot from all of you . the insight that you all provided on here helped make my life a lot easier . don't ever change who you are . cheers ! :) no they were completely random encounters . with the right girl , you will not have to worry about what to talk about . your mental barriers will break down and the conversation will flow naturally for a long time . you will not realize it until ... i get along very well with people who are laid back , unassuming , and easygoing . people who try to fill in the blanks without having the balls to ask me are not off to a good start . most of the ... forgot to mention that wailing on a punching bag or going on a shooting spree in hitman : blood money helps me cool off lol '