' intp . internet haters who think they're super smart because they know some statiscs and use it to supposedly prove their conservative world views , i . e . , intps and intjs . type most likely to ... ... infx . type most likely to not care about mbti and other typologies . exfp . 715777 i've seen an intp actually doing this . they can be edgy sometimes . reposting : type most likely to dislike traveling , preferring to stay home and chill watching some movie or reading a book . ... didn't see your post . i'd guess a conservative istj would think this way . i can't think of anyone i know who's like that , but i'd guess extj . they usually have this strong persona of successful person , and sometimes people forget they're simply humans who have hobbies and ... intp , istp , intj , maybe infp and infj . usually the ones who don't care that much about living with someone else or those who can't handle romantic intimacy , either pushing it away because they want ... istp . type most likely to be a jazzhead . istp . type most likely to be a scholar of music , who works with nerdy and complex kinds of art , but who also listens to beyonce on free time , claiming it's awesome . i've met some people who actually practice circus sports , and they're all fps . i'd guess xsfp overall . type most likely to be true neutral : a nihilist who won't assume a position unless they're ... reposting a song by my trio of free improvisation / free jazz , rec ( i'm the pianist ): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81vQF9iVOJQ&t=0s an intp led by their inferior fe to do so because their esxp friends decided it . type most likely to treat people with arrogance and uncalled sarcasm because they supposedly deserve it . type most likely to seriously consider leaving everything to live on the woods . isfp . type most likely to enjoy watching disturbing movies . really disturbing ones . xxnp . type most likely to endure a relationship with someone of their opposite type , despite having completely different personalities . inxp . type most likely to be always in a hurry . xxfp . type most likely to accept more responsibilities they can actually handle . isfp , intj . type most likely to be a band leader . infp . type most likely to be bran stark . esfp , they love dancing . type most likely to be frank zappa . isfj . type most likely to be frank zappa . hahah , you're right . i wonder if he is an extj ... proud , objective , seeking a place in history , identifies with the alpha male persona , but in the ends becomes passionate and gets an arrow because of elena ( maybe ... istp . type most likely to try to flirt saying weird things . infx . type most likely to look like their opposite type . infp . type most likely to be so insecure about acceptance sometimes it looks like they're trying to be complimented . esfj . type most likely to post many videos of them playing an instrument at social medias . infx . inxx . they'd only assist , the practical things are up to extx , probably . type most likely to constantly seek for self development . infp . type most likely to be different from what's expected from their gender's role . i've known two probable esfps who do that , i think i'll go with this type . type most likely to find inner peace doing handwork . enfp . type most likely to constantly be at ease with everything . enfj . type most likely to become nonsensical under stress . healthy entj and infj . engineer : istj , intj , estj . type most likely to successfully teach their kids to survive ( practical things ) and to keep their mind balanced ( emotional intelligence ) . ixtp . type most likely to secretly make a personal prayer at the end of the day , thanking all the good things they have experienced . ixtp . type most likely to dedicate all their energy to creative processes of any kind . xnfp . type most likely to have an ascetic like life , living in intellectual / spiritual / food discipline , having little or no sex , and practicing meditation . ne or se dom types . type most likely to assume more responsibility than they can actually handle . infj / enfp . type most likely to become depressed when drunk . enfp who wants to look cult but fails at it . type most likely to be a musician who has stage fright when they have to play at some pub . old school istj type most likely to feel depressed when they're tired . healthy estj . i don't do drugs , or cigarettes , i have to be highly functional . type most likely to be addicted to cigarettes . in brazil white clothes are usually linked to religious ceremonies , specially afro brazilians . due to this religious aspect , i'd say xxfjs . type most likely to be insanely jealous and possessive . infx . the ones who really study it ... enneagram / mbti type most likely to be anti authoritarian . enfp . it's all about aesthetics . : tongue : type most likely to become so pissed about some injustice they have an episode of gastritis . maybe an entj tired after a long day of work ... type most likely to look down on people who study intellectual subjects , like philosophy . infp . type most likely to attain success slowly , through many years , going from an unknown and underestimated person to someone respected , whom everyone wants to work with . well , types prone to be religious i guess . xxfj . type or types most likely to get so intense about mental activity / intellectual work they forget about basics cares with their body / emotions / eating ... infj and enfp . type most likely to create an unpleasant situation at work by denouncing colleagues who are complaining about an unjust boss . '