' i think this is because 4 has a connection to 1 . so the unhealthy sp 4 is that annoying little shit who thinks he / she is so deeep and unusual and whines about how nobody understands them ? if that's the case there is a lot of unhealthy sp ... i'm an so / sp : we humans are at our core social beings , to me meaning outside of our social context is an oxymoron at best , self-absorbed navel-gazing at worst . it is the social aspect that , for ... wow , calm down , son ! : shocked : i could tell you are a 7 just by the rambling way your post looks ! : laughing : : wink : hmmm , this makes me wonder if my head fix is actually 7 . how would a 9-7- 2 differ from a 9-5- 2 ? my understanding is that : gut center = neuroses involve issues with autonomy and one's individual will . heart center = neuroses involve how one looks to others , one's image . head center = ... north-central us : esfj i am an infp and am neutral good , fwiw . i am very conflict-averse and often tend to vent my anger passive-aggressively unless something or someone really violates my values , in which case i tern into an angry rant monster , sounding like ... yep . we were both in a college philosophy course , go figure . oh , and he was obsessed with heidegger ... fire : 159.2 / 23.4 % earth : 180.4 / 26.6 % air : 171.0 / 25.2 % water : 168.5 / 24.8 % though apparently my pisces 5th house jupiter and scorpio 1st house pluto are really important ... taurus sun , capricorn moon , libra ascendant . so earth , earth , air . my other planets are : mercury - aries - fire venus - gemini - air mars - capricorn - earth jupiter - pisces - water saturn ... 9w1 here ! i was raised in a rather stereotypical minnesota nice environment where openly expressing one's anger and frustration is considered a social no-no , and so it often bubbles up as ... edit : whoops , wrong thread , nevermind ... this is complete bullshit , aside from the gratuitous lololol , sensors are dumb jocks crap . * sending kane's mom good vibes * obvious entj is obvious ! this is adorable ! : laughing : i suspect albert einstein was an autistic entp . a biography i have of him describes him in his 20s and 30s as a jovial extrovert . sensors need more time to think things through than intuitives because they have less trust in their gut , this is why any test with a time limit will make sensors seem less intelligent than they ... when they were testing me for my asperger's diagnosis at 15 i scored an iq of 135 . not that i will be joining mensa anytime soon , it's full of self-centered jerks . i did ok in school , with a 3.2 ... i'd be an eternal traveler , going everywhere , seeing everything . probably live out of a yacht or an ocean-worthy house-boat . i love isfps ! one of my coworkers is one . she is a shy , smart , quirky , artsy , alternative type with lots of tattoos . super-nice person . she does our store displays ( i work in a thrift store ) and ... i have a book called the imprinted brain that claims that the french philosopher , theologian , and mystic simone weil , who i suspect was an infp , was on the autism spectrum . the word jung used for feeling in the original german translates into english as evaluating . jungian f is about value judgements , not emotion . til that i don't exist . : rolleyes : i was diagnosed with asperger's syndrome when i was 15 and i am a infp . i am very much an hsp . i'm like am emotional and sensory sponge . i seem to have a radar for fakeness , i can see peacocking from a mile away . holy hell , get outta my head ! ! ! : shocked : people tell me that i have dreamy eyes , as if i am looking at some kind of ideal world behind reality . what gets on my nerves the most is the bias against sensors . this party comes from myers herself not fully understanding what jung wrote about sensation vs . intuition . the other part is the result of ... i think it is true . my strong visceral disgust of my own flaws came roaring out when i read the type 9 down the rabbit hole thread . consent given ! so this guy is a 9/11 truther nut , too ? lmao . as a 9 , death is something i feel compelled to push out of consciousness , it is something i don't even like to think about . i think one of the reasons i am drawn to transhumanism is because it frees ... 3s are the rarest ? that is really shocking to me ! they seem a lot more common in my personal experience . : unsure : this pretty much confirms that i am an so-dom fair enough . i am speculating that 4 is the rarest because the ratio between wanna-be emo kids buying clothes from hot topic and thinking they are different and people who actually put a lot of ... some observations of mine : the three central fixations , 3 , 6 , and 9 , are the most common types , they represent the core or base expressions of the neuroses of the image , intellect , and body ... this is exactly what i was gonna post ! : laughing : i also might add his non-core fixes : 4w3 : he though he was so special , delusionally so , despite being a failed artist . 1w9 : lots of ... this alchemist guy's arrogance is astounding and is an example of everything that is wrong with so many people into occult wisdom because they think it makes them special and better than us ... hi , fellow secular buddhist . you're 4 - fix is showing ! : tongue : no , i'm fine , i don't need help , i think you need my help , though , because i'm such a nice person ! early in life , 2s internalize the notion that having wants and needs of your own is selfish and ... ones the champion of goodness who fights for what is right or the stuck-up prick . twos the good guy who wants to help everyone or the manipulative histrionic type . threes the good role model ... 1 . islam 2 . catholic / orthodox christianity 3 . protestant christianity 4 . occultism , hermeticism , gnosticism , shamanism 5 . theravada buddhism 6 . judaism , traditional tribal religions , ethnic ... holy cow , according to the test i am a 2w1 - 5w6 - 9w1 . i disagree with the fact that they put me on the 5 side and the 9 side . it did so , i think , because it seems to assume that 6s are always less ... 6w7 - 1w9 - 2w1 sp / so '