' when this is how you feel on the inside ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp-a4A66KZk ... yet nobody ever actually sees that : sad : i am so tired of the puritanical crusade against smoking in the us ... i just started at a new university that just initiated a no smoking ban . they decided to include electronic cigarettes in this ... i keep up with the latest technology , but i'm 21 ... and i grew up tinkering with and building my own pc's i was a computer science major till i realized that physics and advanced math classes ... personally i am not sure ; if i am not an infj then i would have to say i am some severely unhealthy extrovert . that being said , i don't see how i could be an extrovert . i have very little drive to ... i used to shop at express a lot ( a couple years back they were very centered on military-esque clothing that i loved ) . i still buy my jeans from there and pick up a couple t-shirts now and again if ... i'd like a condo in the city . i'm really not picky about decor as long as it isn't cluttered or have that ' country ' feel to it . i definitely like the ultra-modern look ... but i'll never be able to ... i feel like posting in another mbti subforum is like ... invading another country . it just shouldn't be done xd that said while i do occasionally post in some general forums , the conversations ... i still do this ... and i'm 21 : unsure : although i should state that my house ' settles ' considerably more than any other building i've ever slept in ( seriously we can get some significantly loud ... nicole hobbs i showed my friend that second one because i thought it was funny ( telling them that it represented my life ) . they responded with hugging me and expressing how sad they thought ... nah , i'm much to shy to approach anyone in that manner on here : tongue : plus i don't really know what there is to talk about since unlike a lot of forums which are extremely specific on subject ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWtO0cfgewY while i have never personally talked to you ; partner in crime : i adore the general cynical / sarcastic nature of your posts and i sense that much tomfoolery could be afoot if we were to join forces ... i say why , but mean no : tongue :: crazy : turn on : sense of humor ( able to take sarcastic remarks ) , values intelligence , willingness to try new things , having general nerdy interests ( computers , books , movies , etc . ) turn off : inability to ... i can't say that i like hearing that the person i feel about his this insecurity or that they don't like something about themselves ; whenever i do i am just automatically floored into this emotional ... speaking for myself , gestures on the scale of your times square example is like the dream ... however it's the small things that are really important in the long-run . like ... is it so hard to take 5 ... i've been mostly single with a couple short-lived relationships ( i'm 21 ) i'm fine being single ... it just seems like most people don't have this certain quality of going out of their way for ... i wasn't actually ... the church i went to apparently preferred to just pretend that they didn't exist and never talked about it . 1 . are you religious ? i was raised catholic , but i abandoned that at age 13-14 or so . 3 . if you are not religious , how do you see religions as a whole ? i don't have an opinion actual religion . ... i haven't really studied enneagram but i always get 6w5 ... so i'm going to go with that :p if i remember correctly from pottermore i was a hufflepuff . i was going to take the quiz again except that i forgot my username for pottermore and apparently they have tighter security than my ... while i related to a lot of it , a few items were just plain off , mostly about how others perceive me ... but i generally am not a healthy person socially and am very agreeable . so most people probably ... i think they would say a lot of similar things that you posted . i think to my friends i tend to be that person that you ask to go out to lunch / dinner / movie with on like a lazy tuesday afternoon . ... modernclassical you'd be surprised how easy it is to take down your ' shield ' enough to reach out to other people . it's as simple as just telling someone they look nice today , or that they did a ... i'm sorry to hear your parents are being pushing perfectionism onto you . my parents always ( and still do ) the same thing to to me . they compare myself to my sister , who is very intellgent , ... consider it a blessing . i couple years back i had to have a nerve burnt off of my heart ( wolff parkinson white syndrome if we have any medical dorks here : tongue :) and i had to be conscious while ... i agree :p roud : aarimas you look amazing + clearly an amazing wardrobe : tongue : shitakemushroom much like you at one point in my life i used to feel this way ( and occasionally do from time to time , but only momentarily ) . it is a sick cycle because you do not love yourself and ... all of my friends tend to be very outgoing , all are extraverted except for one , who is my closest guy friend . he has his outgoing moments but for the most part he's very reserved and easily ... not to be a creep , but i must say : amazing shoes , amazing pants , amazing jacket , awesome scarf and your hair looks very very nice : blushed :: tongue : okays , so ... i'm gunna go hide now : crazy : as a former smoker i think it should be legalized , i think it has potential to make society much more empathic ( at least in my experience it's only given me deep understanding of myself and other ... if you have a group of friends that you have plans with then i say go , especially if it is your senior prom . just give highschool one last hoorah =/ i went to both my junior / senior prom and while ... what do you mean you need proof ! ? clearly these two very unrelated phenomena are connected in very intricate ways . you just don't understand : sad : thought : you are making an ass of yourself , shut up , shut up , shut up , shut up , omg that is innacurate ... ugh i want to smack you reality : * hits head against wall / desk / nearest available object * ... if i'm alone , i have a very controlled gait . i make sure my posture is excellent and i walk with at a certain speed that says i have places to be , get out of my way , but don't worry i won't run ... i and a ( sadly ) small minority conscientiously do not use them because we want to support the website we visit . as much as i don't like different companies tracking me it's better than knowing i'm ... i know , that's why i said to make sure you weren't ;) i read that then looked at your sig and had to think for a brief moment to make sure you weren't making a reference : tongue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyGY_IBFSNg any time i have snapped in this way it has either been something that has been building for months ( just like it had been in my original post ) . other times it can be something so outrageous that i ... actually i'm transferring out of the school in three weeks . plus me and a couple other students have been in contact for weeks with another dean about this professor . nothing has been done , so i ... i had an incident to day in which i snapped , if you care to read it , that will be below , but i also want to know what those moments in your life have been where you were pushed over the edge . what ... i posted this over in the nf section but i figured most people don't really head over that way very often this little poem if you want to call it that , is basically my response to what someone did ... i spent maybe 10 min . on this ( i'm such a cheater , i know ... ) : sad : anyways this is addressed to the person who ruined my life when i was a child and still stalks me online to this day ... i'm kind of ... but there is always a peak :) glad you are feeling better http://25.media.tumblr.com/90ca983c8562f148b19ab7753cc2b913/tumblr_mf2w8zJ8GT1rmkdfeo1_500.gif i am so irritated with society . i feel sometimes like i'm different ... i see a story on the news , i'll be sitting there listening and just one point after another thinking of ways in which the ... i would be sure to include specific things . what sort of things bother you about the way you are treated and what exactly would you like to change about them ? being specific will help them narrow ... i saw it on cnn right before coming into work , it bugged me all afternoon / evening . i just felt rather numb . anyways ... rationally i don't know why i feel that way because rationally it happens ... what if our dogs and cats ( and other household pets ) had human intelligence ( and could speak ) ? a ) i'd never need humans again :P b ) i'd feel really odd petting my cats ever again - _ - have you tried voicing these concerns to your superiors ( in a way that would not jeopardize your job ) ? i mean ... i really doubt it will make a difference but at least you can say you tried =/ i ... '