' i'm assuming you are all younger ... i'm 46 . it doesn't get better . i worked with a group of women who were heartless bitches . they regularly went out and never asked me to join them ... then they would ... why did the monkey fall from the tree ? it was dead . oh my . makes me weak in the knees and , well , i can't say what it does to other body parts . : kitteh : hi everyone ! i am 90 % sure that i'm enfp but i'm not completely sure . i've taken the free tests many times and come up with infp , istj and enfp once in awhile . last week i blew $ 40 for an mbti which ... good point . reminds me of 9 1/2 weeks . or am i the only one old enough to have seen it ? those were the days ... when men were men and sheep were scared . all in twilight , mango kiwi and staceofbass - i just have to thank you all for making me laugh my arse off reading this thread ! all in twilight , i chose knowledge but i have to ask a most serious ... a barry white voice ? i have learned that , in general , i keep my opinions to myself now . or at least i try to . i've been burned one too many times going out on a limb with something i was sure i knew only to find out i ... don't put words in my mouth . the internet and facebook are not the same . i have no problem with people using the internet . i do have a serious problem with friends trying to influence me . my politics ... i agree that it is very annoying to go on fb and see post after post about politics and stuff like that . it irritates me to no end . i am on there to connect with friends - not be preached at about ... hmm ... i know i lean a lot to the thinking side . 1 . green 2 . gold 3 . blue 4 . orange i have four tats . only one of them has meaning . the rest just looked cool at the time . on my ankle i have the cliche heart and rose thing . its claim to fame is a wasp stung the center of the rose ... i confess i was promiscuous when i was younger . but in marriage i am devoted and faithful . i don't , however , talk about my boobs because i don't have any . even with a push-up bra , i don't have ... i have learned that emotions are nothing more than a response to our thinking and nothing more . it is not our circumstances . it is how we think about our circumstances that creates our emotions ... you summed up in a nutshell what i didn't like about accounting . it got very tedious and boring ! ! ! it took me ten years to work my way up the ladder to office manager . i took over an office that ... could you explain what you mean ? i'm not understanding your point . thanks ! you are welcome ! i never bothered to get tested for gluten intolerance . cut the gluten on your own for 60 days days and see how you feel . then eat gluten for a day and see how you feel . who cares what a test says ? if ... that does sound like a lot of fun . thank you so much for saying that . that does help me a lot . i wish i could relax enough to do this . my problem is i have gotten burned by bad decisions so i ... i mentioned on a different thread that i am winding down a five year journey of career discovery . my original goal was to find the perfect career for me . i had no idea it would be such a long and ... i'm winding down a five year journey of career discovery . which means i'm also gearing up for college . i have to say that i am not satisfied with my results . i actually gave up which is rare for me ... strawberrylola - i hear you ! my youngest son was also enfp . he was 6 ' 3 or 6 ' 4 . i used to pinch his cheek in public and call him my baby . fortunately , being enfp , he got it and thought it was a ... blacktide - i think i was wrong . i am enfp in denial of my emotional side . lol here's an example . yesterday i was talking to my dog about how we're going away and she'd be home alone for christmas ... you may be able to start a programming business as well . my brother has a very successful business web hosting and writing websites for people . this makes me curious - is it an enfp trait to be ... viloletka - i can totally relate . i'm one of those geeky geniuses . no , seriously , i took some aptitude test years ago . the tester said that 100 is average , doctor & lawyers need to get about a 120 to ... okay so i know i'm double posting but after i hit post , i remembered the main things i wanted to say . thank you the king of dreams for this thread . i cried as i read it . sometimes i feel so alone ... the king of dreams - this is actually an old thread . how are you feeling ? any progress ? any kidneys yet ? ace face - have you tried vitamin d for your sad ? i take 5,000 iu in summer and 10,000 in ... hmm . i do not relate to the majority of this . i do not get the emotional overload at all . i never have . i will have times where i get lost in my brain and need help finding my way out but it's not ... hmm . i don't know . personally , i think of letter writing as introverting because i may or may not send the letter . it is an ultra safe way for me to express myself . my best letters never get sent ... you're welcome ! ! ! you are too quick . i started my serious reply right away but you saw my smart ass one before i finished it ! :) okay , now for my serious response ... it is extroverting in an introverted way . :) introverting imo always involves turning inward . it is always a solitary thing . so in the purest sense ... yes . my husband and i have a standing joke - it takes 34 muscles to frown but only 5 muscles to reach across the table and bitchslap the person who pissed you off in the first place . our joke is we'll ... thank you ! ! ! your post made me laugh out loud because it is so me . i am really good at the te betch-slap . ( evil grin ) including the written bullet-point lists . yeah . you nailed it . there are ... lmao . really . out loud . so much so that my husband asked me what was so funny . thank you ! i confess , i love giving people crap . : crazy : yes . you are still the daddy . but you're not my daddy . sorry to be the one to break it to you . sure ... blame it on me . maybe it's just that you're not that interesting . lol i read somewhere that hitler was an enfp . he had the ability to read the crowd and tailor his speeches accordingly . it was his enfp abilities that brought all of germany behind him . toward the end he ... ( returns from reading whores and teases thread ) , please forgive my oversight . so , mojo the ho , how old are you anyway ? thank you for calling me young . i feel much ... ooh , ooh . can i be a whore too ? please please . pretty please . ( searches frantically for the begging-on-her-knees emoticon ) there was not only no facebook when i was in ( high ) school but no internet or cellphones either . and mtv played videos . yes , i was there for the debut video killed the radio star . ( i am going to ... that would be flippin ' awesome . okay , i admit it . i have ti envy . i'm a t wanna-be . there it is . out in the open . no , really , i do hate that i'm an f dominant . i get walked on all the time by ... that makes sense . thank you for explaining it . i love learning about this stuff . i have a similar stop . one time somebody told my ex-husband , you have nothing i want . this drove me nuts for ... so would that mean that you are arguing that the only arena is the logical arena ? then how do you explain madison square garden ? lol but seriously , how would you word it then to mean not of ... i thought it would be useful to clarify the different types of feelings and how they relate to the thinking vs feeling scale according to jung and mbti . 1 . i feel tired or i feel a stomach cramp ... thank you ! ! ! okay , i just had to go beyond the thanks thingie cuz it's so true . :p roud : mixed type ... i would be infp , istj and enfp . depending on my mood , i test as any of the three . it's not as strange as it sounds . they all use the same functions just in a different order . an enfp ... domestic abuse stifles your true self . i don't know how long you have been away from your abuser . i've been free for over six years and i am just now getting to the real me . it takes a long time to ... keep in mind - feeling in the mbti world is not emotion but values . feeling and thinking are judging functions which means that's how a person makes decisions . do you make decisions based on ... it isn't just thinker vs feeler . enfp is ne-fi-te-si entp is ne-ti-fe-si i am te not ti . that's how i knew the difference . i do question whether i am thinking or feeling dominant . waaayyy ... '