' i could really use some irl cheat codes right now . infinite gold would be nice . i'm looking at galley kitchen designs and i just caught myself wondering whether the paint they used was eggshell or matte finish . i seriously think life would be a lot easier for me if i were gay ... people who think that knowing me and knowing that i'm a musician gives them permission to give out my name and phone number to anyone who says they're looking for an accompanist . if i wanted to be an ... my closest friend ( which for intps is probably not , relatively speaking , all that close ) is an intj , oddly enough . we've always gotten along great . we have a similar sense of humor / wild imagination ... having to register for the draft . i can't even legally have a sip of beer for three more years , but the government has no problem now sending me off to die against my will . not to mention the sexism ... the other night i had to go get something from the trunk of my car , so i put my shoes and my coat on , walked a few blocks to the parking garage , climbed the stairs up to the fourth floor , found my ... for a brief period in astronomy this morning , i seemed to have ocd . i presume the caffeine played a role . very curious . all i know is their lattes taste like someone microwaved a glass of milk and then sprinkled some instant coffee powder in it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBzoHdb1-Qw http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/ponder/IMG_0857.JPG if you're going to sit around in a coffeeshop , you should try to do better than starbucks . curse this anime . it drives me to experience and display human emotions . the electoral college : the show where everything's made up and the points don't matter . dear infjs , more of you need to appear in my life . seriously . yours , etc . , intp what's pissing me off today : hotlinking . if you hotlink to something on my site , i swear i will make your life hell . it's happened to me a few times when i had some serious sensory overload ( mild sensory processing disorder for the win ? ) . probably the guy who said , nah , you guys go hunt , i'm gonna keep working on this fire thing , i think i've almost got it . people who argue that things like black history month do anything other than reinforce stereotypes and keep racism alive . i don't give a fuck that people with a similar skin color as yours went ... trolling is a art , the most noble art the internet has created . truly our greatest pasttime . i've spent many an hour trolling people . there's nothing quite like the feeling you get when someone takes ... 3years ( 365 * 3 = 1095 ) 1week ( 7 * 1 = 7 ) 4days ( 1 * 4 = 4 ) ( sum : 1106 days ) minus 2years ( 365 * 2 = 730 ) 2weeks ( 7 * 2 = 14 ) 5days ( 1 * 5 = 5 ) i want to be a fire lookout . spending all day completely alone , in the middle of nowhere . bliss . you join google plus so you can be less social . i think i visited the infj forum once . way too many emotions . i don't understands why idiots latch onto their misunderstanding of the burden of proof so strongly . this is why i tend to avoid arguments at all costs . http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/reactions/1253930-this_thread_again_super.jpg seriously , as has been discussed at least dozens if not hundreds of times here , astrology is purer bullshit than you ... it's the beauty that's quiet , not the woman . and yeah , i think it makes sense that intps would look for outgoing partners--either they'll take care of our social obligations so we don't have to , or ... intelligent , warm , eclectic tastes , somewhat more outgoing than myself , somewhat more energetic than myself , similar interests , quietly beautiful , not obsessed with social norms , happily ... when your excuse for not shaving is that you're running an experiment . my face is fuzzy . wait , he ... shot a laptop ? what ? i speak english natively , spanish almost fluently , and have studied latin extensively , as well as a bit of japanese ( continuing project ) , german , esperanto , and ancient greek . the two languages i mix ... i use it either as shorthand for ne or to talk about my actual emotional feelings about something , or i use it as a codeword for i think when i'm trying to sound nice . so , all of the above ? do you have a standard greeting to coworkers , friends , grocery store checkout people etc ? yeah . for acquaintances / non-close friends , it's , hey , how's it goin ' ? i've found it's short enough to be ... find a medium to large school with a good honors program . you get the benefit of a large school ( the boring general eds are nice and big and anonymous and you don't have to deal with stupid people ) ... so if you get a blood transfusion , your personality changes a bit ? this seems to me to have about as much value as astrology or predicting the future by looking at cow guts . i was thinking of changing it to this . what do you think ? http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/lol_pepsi.gif edit for future readers : at the time of the post , my avatar had been ... plus , if you shake us , we get real mad . when the fact that after this friday there will never again be any new episodes of good eats makes you feel worse than anything has in ages . i think one important aspect of my inner world is the concept of atmosphere that intps usually seem to value or utilize more highly than other types . it's hard to describe how my thought processes ... how has ginko from mushi-shi not been mentioned yet ? http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/animu/mushishi/npe155_bluej37.jpg with all due respect , op , http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/feel/252bd9f4ef6ed343fc3036be35936347357e8556.png you weren't lying , you were just wrong , and if you think intps are going to get ... my sister's istj , and we've always gotten along extremely well . i think she likes my sense of humor , though my disorganization and disregard for planning do get on her nerves at times . i often question the validity of the mbti system . age : a miniscule 17 gender : straight male current relationship status : single number of gf / bf's you've had officially : none number of casual relationships : between one-half and one 1 ) what were you like ? generally a pretty quiet kid--i didn't talk much at all until i was five or six . my parents took me to some sort of doctor to make sure i was okay . i don't remember ever being ... intps have the emotions of a stupid five-year-old and the intelligence of einstein . god fucking shit dammit , why was i never notified that i need two letters of recommendation by february 1st ? motherfucking son of a cunt . shit . - be direct , but not smothering . intps get smothered easily . - if you don't have the right sense of humor , you can just give up now . - you could always , y'know , just ask her out . unless you've tried ... http://dl.dropbox.com/u/6214402/b/ponder/dfd9befcf3e9ea52005b3ee8a78653ef85bf8ff2.jpeg for some reason i imagine that quite a large portion of that 10 percent is intp . i'm currently taking a basic astronomy course taught in this peer instruction format . i absolutely hate it . i do ... when someone implies you can make fondue with double gloucester and you call them out on it . '