' i used to make up songs all the time just because it was fun , but i also used to be very competitive . now that i think about it , i was also rather loud ... looks like you are in it for the long haul . my boyfriend ( enfj ) was sitting across from me when i read the op's question and said : i think it is someone who is your type who was just getting their feet wet trolling . * i click on thread . * ... wow , i have been a member on this forum for a little while . i have never seen you write something like that before . i will keep you in my prayers . very well then ... did you purposely reply exactly twelve hours later ? hello enfjs , i hope all is well with you . i have a question to ask : so my boyfriend is an enfj ( i tested him , and then kept sort of testing him on the sly .. well he knew what i was doing , but i ... i've never scaled a telephone pole , but train bridges , water towers , and abandoned buildings are right down my alley . the view is always better the higher one is . plus it's just fun . meh , i think ... * gets popcorn * yes , how is potential murder of potentially the largest political figure in the free world not a big deal ? it isn't if cnn is reporting . a 300cc engine will get you to triple digits . i can ... double post the questions asked to subside the political talk . i kind of agree with . x , if it is not already obvious . i'm a results driven person . talk is cheap . what have you actually done ? i don't even care ... yes , can't get enough of them actually . i cannot recommend getting a bike enough . it's the most manual machine they make for the road , and it feels like you are flying . you can really feel the road ... therawr , not an enfj myself , but my boyfriend is . i got to agree with hgy . it seems to me that nothing is going to happen there . i would move on if i were you . some of the things that happen to you ... 1 . how important is it that your partner be able to match you ( or keep you otherwise stimulated ) on an intellectual level ? it is very important , but more than being able to match me , i really ... i like cars so ... i don't know if that was a kick at them or ... but i currently own a motorcycle and those things are great on gas ( in the 60s mpg ) and cheap used and to repair . plus my liability ... wow , political talk in the chit chat thread ... in the enfj chit chat thread no less . oh dear , oh my . happy about nothing . i hope you are doing well . you look a little alien . mr . x same to you . long ... i have an infj friend of five years who feels the exact same way as you do . she discovered mbti a year or two ago , and it kind of helped her understand me more . all the things you have listed she has ... aw , that's so cute . she's working hard to keep your relationship interesting to impress you . silly entp :p mine changes all of my cuss words into non cuss words . oh , how i loathe it . haha almost same here . i have an intj father and an isfj mother . except , i no longer live with them ( moved 700 miles away actually ) . i was the middle child though . me and my father can debate until ... what the crap are you saying , gilly ? i'm not sure if i'm just out of touch or what ? i haven't been in here in a while , and i walk in and start reading ... at first i thought i had too much to drink ... lol . that's terrible . i love it . what did she say ? lol , laughed so hard at that explanation . i always assumed infjs could figure us out pretty easily if they cared , but you know what they say about assumptions ... you had a dream you were playing in my backyard ? what ? sure , why not ... i never said you were . i was just writing a response . it was just my two cents . it wasn't fact . it was just my opinion . i think that is natural . before replying , i ran your response ... i would have guessed enfp i don't want to sound like a jerk , but it helps a lot if you stop thinking so much about what other people think about you that obviously don't know you . if they jumped to a conclusion that is ... being an insomniac haha ... you should see my skype avatar ... i can agree with all of your comments about aging for myself as well . in a lot of ways , i've mellowed out . i don't feel the need to prove things to people as much anymore , and i think that helps with ... i used to say this to people all the time . now , i just make sure to not care . just know that no matter what happens , you can handle it . honestly , unless you die , you have no choice . you have to handle it . if your dead , well , i mean your dead . you don't have to handle anything ... haha thanks , same here . 484314 i had a long reply that was supposed to be encouraging , but then i thought i would just send you a song . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sq9kIdEU0Z4 lol . i never named my truck . the op is pretty perceptive , no ? i stay in a lot . i think about going out and being around people , but i know if i have to be someone other than myself it's just going to be a drain ... so i just ... wow , an invitation , this is so formal . i'm used to just crashing parties . how do i do this ? do i rsvp ? do i complain about not having anything to wear ? i'm so lost right now ... i plan on riding ... thank you for your organized and detailed response . 1 ) i came for the ne / te actually . 2 ) or maybe make you stand out to all the right people that will gladly accept you for the way you are but ... i'm lost ... i live in the us . don't conform to the system . i had a response ...   ... but she took the words right out of my mouth . why would you turn down awesomeness to match mediocrity ? ? ? i've been through nm a few times . some parts of it are very beautiful . i'll keep an eye out next time . apparently we both like parks and cafes , so i guess i need to look up from my camera or ... the two that i know for sure i hung out with in real life , my personality kind of bounced off of theirs which created a complete lack of blending into the social setting , lol . then again , i find ... yeah , with an agenda ... meh , they're okay . i must be passing right by them and not noticing . i did get left alone with one who was a friend of an infj . i didn't get many words in , so i think they are extroverts . nope well this is turning into a hairy situation . i've taken the border security into consideration . that's why i'm in school for engineering . after i get my degree , i might head that way . oh you're so punny . if things go too far a certain way , i might have to cross the pond.lol haha , ironically i often talk to a man in australia who is an enfp ... but i live in the states ... '